<doc id="9623347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623347" title="Selangor State Park">
Selangor State Park

Selangor State Park is located on the eastern frontier of the Malaysian state of Selangor. The 914.41 square kilometre park was gazetted on by the state on January 25, 2007. Upon its establishment, it became the second largest park in Peninsular Malaysia with the largest being the Taman Negara.
Taman Negeri Selangor, also known as the Selangor State Park, and also known as Taman Warisan Negeri Selangor. It is over 108,000 hectares in size, is the third largest park in Peninsular Malaysia. The area was gazetted in 2007 as a state park under the National Forestry Act Enactment 2005 of Selangor and is managed by the Forestry Department of Selangor.
Role of the Park
Selangor and the Federal Territories of Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya depend on the Park for their most basic needs of clean air, water and maintenance of the local climatic stability. The Park thus helps to guarantee the quality of life enjoyed by these communities.
Protecting Water Resource:
The forests of Taman Negeri Selangor protect and are catchment for water contributing to the upper reaches of all major rivers in Selangor. These rivers are Sungai Bernam, Sungai Selangor, Sungai Klang and Sungai Langat. The Park area also feeds the five water-supply reservoirs that provide 98% of the water supply to Selangor, Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya. These dams are the Sungai Selangor, Batu, Klang Gates, Langat and Semenyih dams. Ecologically, Taman Negeri Selangor helps to maintain the biodiversity in the river basins and preserve the water quality of the rivers.
Reducing Downstream Floods
The forest cover of Taman Negeri Selangor provides the important ecological function of natural flood mitigation for Selangor, Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya. The forests absorb moisture through plant roots and sponge up large quantities of rainfall in their organically enriched soil system. Thus, the Park serves in water catchment and also as a natural buffer against flooding that is typically most felt in settlements and population centres farther downstream. The natural forest also helps to reduce soil erosion and sedimentation of the reservoirs.
Protecting Steep Slopes
The majority of the State Park is highland over 300meters above sea level, with steep slopes greater than 25 degrees. This environmentally sensitive area is particularly vulnerable to soil erosion and landslides. The thick forest, together with the leaf litter and other organic debris, help reduce the direct impact of rain on the soil. The extensive root systems of natural vegetation hold the soil in place.
A Centre for Eco-tourism, Research and Education
The Park area provides many recreational opportunities, and it also caters to valuable educational and research activities. As one of the most accessible forest areas in Malaysia, the Park provides an invaluable retreat from the pressures of modern urban lifestyles (e.g. at Ampang Recreational Forest). The Park attracts activities of two major international research centres existing within or near its area, the University of Malaya Field Studies Centre in Hulu Gombak with its incredible forested backdrop, and the Forest Research Institute of Malaysia (FRIM) in Kepong.
Biodiversity
The Park area, rich in fauna and flora, is significant in maintaining existing levels of biodiversity resources. The wealth of the biodiversity of the Park also contributes to Malaysia’s classification as one of the mega-biodiversity countries in the world. Documented within the Park are:
• much of some 3140 vascular plant species recorded for Selangor are now conserved
• 114 mammal species have been documented 
• 355 bird species can be found
• 104 freshwater fish species have been recorded
• 202 reptilian and amphibian species occur
The Klang Gates Quartz Ridge
Resembling the back of a dragon, the Klang Gates Quartz Ridge is a world-class geological wonder and a key feature of the Selangor State Park. Made up entirely of white milky quartz, it is one of the longest quartz outcrops of its kind in the world, measuring about 14 km long above ground and up to 50 m wide at certain sections. This Ridge can be classified as a geotope, having outstanding geological value. The Ridge is estimated to be 170 million years old. It is located just outside the north-eastern part of Kuala Lumpur, stretching from Taman Seri Gombak to Kampung Kemensah. The Klang Gates Dam was built at a small natural opening (gap) separating the two main stretches of the Ridge, namely Bukit Batu Tabor in the west and Bukit Chondong in the east.
Pressures on the Park
The current alignment of the KL Outer Ring Road (KLORR) will have a tremendous impact on the Park, as the alignment of the highway is proposed to cut through to sections of the Park - the Klang Gates Quartz Ridge and the Ampang Forest Reserve. A number of residents, community groups and NGOs have spoken out for the need to find a better solution to the KLORR.
References.
Tan Cheng Li. Path to Destruction - Star article 4 May 2010
the Selangor State Park blog
TrEES website 
Treat Every Environment Special, Town and Country Planning Department Selangor 2004. Interim Report. The Project towards the Establishment of the Selangor State Park
Treat Every Environment Special, Town and Country Planning Department Selangor 2005. Field Investigations Report. The Project towards the Establishment of the Selangor State Park
Treat Every Environment Special, Town and Country Planning Department Selangor 2005. The Final Recommendations, and their Justifications, for the proposed Selangor State Park. The Project towards the Establishment of the Selangor State Park
Path to Destruction - Star article
K.M.Wong, M. Sugumaran, D.K.P. Lee & M.S. Zahid 2010. Ecological aspects of endemic plant populations on Klang Gates Quartz Ridge, a habitat island in Peninsular Malaysia. Biodiversity & Conservation 19:435-447 10.1007/s10531-008-9522-1

</doc>
<doc id="9623382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623382" title="Charles E. Hodges">
Charles E. Hodges

Charles Edward Hodges (September 27, 1892 – May 1, 1968) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Monongalia County and served from 1935 to 1939. He died in a hospital in Charleston, West Virginia on May 1, 1968, where he had been for over a month after suffering a heart attack in March.

</doc>
<doc id="9623385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623385" title="Pop Shuvit">
Pop Shuvit

Pop Shuvit is a Malaysian independent rap-rock band. Comprising Moots! (vocals), JD (guitar), AJ (bass), Rudy (drums) and Uno (turntables), the band who got its name from a skateboarding trick of almost the same name began making waves in the local music scene in late 2001 and since then, has had 4 successful releases under their belt and gained a sizable fanbase in Asia notably in Malaysia, Japan, Thailand and Singapore. Known for their adrenaline-packed live shows and eclectic blend of hip hop and rock, Pop Shuvit are being touted as Asia’s leading Hip Hop Rock band.
Biography.
"Take It & Shuvit".
Their debut album "Take it & Shuvit" broke new ground when their first single "Skaters’ Anthem" was released exclusively on the Internet and became one of the most downloaded local songs in Malaysian music history. The hype and street buzz from the track caught the ears of ESPN, who in turn licensed the track for use in their Summer X-Games broadcast that hit millions of households worldwide. As further credit to Pop Shuvit, ESPN played their music videos and tracks off the album throughout the duration of competition.
In 2003, Pop Shuvit released "Take it & Shuvit" in Japan and became the first Malaysian band to hit the music chart in Japan. The overwhelming support from Japanese youth market ensured that all tracks of the album charted the top 20 on the Tower Records sales charts (even beating raprock luminaries like Linkin Park) without any promotion to back the album.
"Here & Now".
The success of their releases in Japan led to Pop Shuvit touring the land of the rising sun in 2005 to support their second release, "Here & Now", leading to one of the most successful and talked about headlining tours for any Malaysian rock band. The album was a hard-hitting social commentary of urban culture and spurred hits like "Old Skool Rocka" and "Journey", with the latter earning the band the #1 Song of the year on the Malaysian English Top Ten for 2005 and “Best Rock Act”
"The Shuvit Remixes".
Always one to go against the grain, the band released a dance remix album and a hip hop EP in 2004 and 2006 respectively. The remix of their track "Conversations" from the "Shuvit Remixes" dance CD was hand picked by DJ Nick Warren for inclusion in pioneering UK dance music label Global Underground’s mix CD, "Shanghai GU28" that peaked at #19 on the UK TOP 40 Dance Album Charts. The hip hop EP, a 4 track 12 inch vinyl release, featured collaborations with some of hip hop’s most respected emcees from around the globe including US emcees Rapper Big Pooh from Little Brother
In mid-2006, Pop Shuvit collaborated with Disagree, another Malaysian band, to produce the song Football Mad Nation in conjunction with the FIFA World Cup.
"Amped & Dangerous".
Pop Shuvit’s third album, "Amped & Dangerous" hit stores in Japan on 23 August 2006 without a release in the Malaysian market. The 12-song set is described as "a rollercoaster ride of crunching guitars", pounding rhythms and funked out hip hop beats and rhymes. "This is essentially a guitar driven album that’s made for the mosh pit. Simply put, it rocks harder!” says skinman Rudy about the new material. Malaysian fans would expect something different as Guitarist/Producer JD hinted, “We had to think strategically this time around and only release tracks that cater for a specific market so the Japanese/Asian and Malaysian editions will be different.” The Japanese edition of the album will be released throughout Asia as an import edition so fans will still be able to obtain both copies. Pop Shuvit walked away with the "Best Live Act" at the Malaysian English Top Ten Awards 2006.
"Freakshow Vol 1 : Tales of The Travelling Tunes".
Pop Shuvit recently released their fourth Studio Album, Freakshow Vol 1: Tales of The Travelling Tunes with the first single of the album being, Freakshow which featured Dandee from Silksounds. . Marabahaya was from this album which is the 1st single from the Impak Maksima soundtrack. Marabahaya has received very high rotation on both hitz.fm & Fly FM and it is one of the crowds favourite.
My Chemical Romance Asian Tour.
Pop Shuvit was the official opening act for My Chemical Romance on their Asian tour. Gerard Way was impressed after Pop Shuvit opened for them in Kuala Lumpur so MCR offered Pop Shuvit the opportunity to be their opening act for their five remaining shows. However Pop Shuvit had other commitments so they only accepted two.
Project E.A.R..
Pop Shuvit, together with Ahli Fiqir (Singapore), Saint Loco (Indonesia), Slapshock (Philippines), Silksounds and Thaitanium (Thailand), formed a supergroup called Project E.A.R. (East Asian Revolution), which made their debut in the 2008 MTV Asia Awards in Malaysia.
MTV World Stage Live 2011.
At the MTV World Stage Live in Malaysia 2011 that took place at I-City, Shah Alam, Pop Shuvit shared the stage with Kpop sensation, Beast, alternative rock band Neon Trees, and multiple MTV award-winning Thirty Seconds to Mars. Pop Shuvit kick-off the show with "Old Skool Rocka". Performing "Oh! Sizuka" as the second song and followed by “Running Away,” a new song from the new album Cherry Blossom Love Affair. Malaysian legend Man Bai then joined Pop Shuvit on stage for the first-ever live performance of "Seperti Syurgamu", another new song from the new album. Next, Project E.A.R. (East Asian Revolution) also came on the stage for "Mantera/Marabahaya" and the band wrapped up with lead singer Moots stage diving into the mosh pit.
Other ventures.
The next step for Pop Shuvit will be the world of fashion where Pop Shuvit have already sold out 3 limited edition T-shirt designs under its “Unknown Clothing” merchandising line and are in the midst of taking its clothing line to retails stores throughout Malaysia.
External links.
Pop Shuvit Brand / Domain Name Management http://www.popshuvit.com

</doc>
<doc id="9623422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623422" title="William M. LaFon">
William M. LaFon

William Madison LaFon (March 8, 1888 – February 4, 1941) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Monroe County and served from 1939 to 1941. He died of a heart attack in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="9623448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623448" title="Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor receptor">
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor receptor

The granulocyte colony-stimulating factor receptor (G-CSF-R) also known as CD114 (Cluster of Differentiation 114) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CSF3R" gene. G-CSF-R is a cell-surface receptor for the granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF). The G-CSF receptors belongs to a family of cytokine receptors known as the "hematopoietin receptor family".The granulocyte colony-stimulating factor receptor is present on precursor cells in the bone marrow, and, in response to stimulation by G-CSF, initiates cell proliferation and differentiation into mature neutrophilic granulocytes and macrophages.
The G-CSF-R is a transmembrane receptor that consists of an extracellular ligand-binding portion, a transmembrane domain, and the cytoplasmic portion that is responsible for signal transduction. GCSF-R ligand-binding is associated with dimerization of the receptor and signal transduction through proteins including Jak, Lyn, STAT, and Erk1/2.
Isoforms.
The class IV isoform defective for both internalization and differentiation signaling.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene are a cause of Kostmann syndrome, also known as severe congenital neutropenia.
Mutations in the intracellular part of this receptor are also associated with certain types of leukemia.
In clinical medicine, there is a suggestion that use of GCSF should be avoided, at least in children and adolescents and perhaps adults, when G-CSFR isoform IV is overexpressed.
Interactions.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor receptor has been shown to interact with Grb2, HCK and SHC1.

</doc>
<doc id="9623449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623449" title="Byron B. Randolph">
Byron B. Randolph

Byron B. Randolph was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Harrison County and served from 1941 to 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="9623459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623459" title="Margaret Peden">
Margaret Peden

Margaret Elizabeth Maynard Peden (born 18 October 1905 in Chatswood and died 18 March 1981 in Sydney) was an Australia cricketer who played six women's test matches for the Australia in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="9623462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623462" title="Saint-Cœur-de-Marie, Quebec">
Saint-Cœur-de-Marie, Quebec

Saint-Cœur-de-Marie is a community in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the city of Alma in the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region.
The community was the birthplace of former Quebec premier Lucien Bouchard.

</doc>
<doc id="9623468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623468" title="Trayning, Western Australia">
Trayning, Western Australia

Trayning is a town in the north-eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, 236 kilometres (147 mi) east of the state capital, Perth, between the towns of Wyalkatchem and Nungarin. At the 2006 census, Trayning had a population of 122.
History.
When the Dowerin to Merredin railway was planned in 1910, Trayning was selected as the site for a siding. Land was set aside for a townsite to be named Trayning Siding in 1910, but when it was surveyed and gazetted in 1912 it was named Trayning. The townsite is named after Trayning Well, the Aboriginal name of a nearby water source on an old road from Goomalling to the eastern goldfields. It was first recorded by a surveyor in 1892, and allegedly derives from the Aboriginal word "During" meaning "snake in the grass by the campfire".
Railway.
In 1932 the Wheat Pool of Western Australia announced that the town would have two grain elevators, each fitted with an engine, installed at the railway siding. Trayning was one of the first five locations of bulk wheat transport on the Western Australian Government Railways and consequently one of the starting points of the Co-operative Bulk Handling system of grain receival points.
The Trayning to Merredin railway line has been designated a Tier 3 line in the wheatbelt railway network, and is to be closed in October 2013.
Present day.
The town is a tourist base for exploring local wildflowers, has a single-officer police station, a K-7 primary school with 50 students that was opened in 1912, a 25-metre swimming pool and two 18-hole golf courses. An attraction is the annual Trayning Tractor Pull.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.
Politics.
Polling place statistics are shown below showing the votes from Trayning in the federal and state elections as indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="9623471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623471" title="James Paull">
James Paull

James Paull, Jr. (May 3, 1901 – March 8, 1983) was the Democratic president of the West Virginia Senate from Brooke County from 1943 to 1945. He was an attorney by profession and started his distinguished career practicing law in Wheeling, West Virginia. He served twelve years in the West Virginia Senate including his term as Senate President. He later joined Eagle Manufacturing Company in 1951 as president. Eagle Manufacturing Company is a prosperous business which was founded by his father in 1894 and remains family owned in Wellsburg, West Virginia. He was a prominent and well-respected member of the community, active in civic organizations and held leadership positions in West Virginia business and political arenas.
He was born in Wheeling and one of two children of James Paull and Mariana Jacob Paull of Wellsburg. His father was an important and successful business man in the state and his grandfather, Judge James Paull, was a profound jurist and widely regarded as one of the most able public men of West Virginia who served as a West Virginia Supreme Court justice.
He was graduated from Washington and Jefferson College and Yale Law School. On September 5, 1934 he married Helen Catherine Prugh of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and they had four children: James III, Laura, Helen and Robert. In addition to the four children, he is also survived by eight grandchildren. James is buried at the family grave site in Wellsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9623475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623475" title="Willibald C. Bianchi">
Willibald C. Bianchi

Willibald Charles Bianchi (March 12, 1915 − January 9, 1945) was an officer in the Philippine Scouts who received the Medal of Honor for actions in Bataan, Philippines during that country's capitulation to Japanese forces during World War II. After the action near Bagac in the Bataan Province, Bianchi was among the troops captured by the Japanese at the fall of Bataan, on April 9, 1942. He was part of the Bataan "Death March," and was imprisoned in several Japanese prisoner of war camps, enduring horrible conditions. He was known for his compassion and efforts to better the lot of his fellow prisoners by bartering with their captors for extra food and medicine. On January 9, 1945, while imprisoned in an unmarked Japanese prison ship, Bianchi was killed instantly when an American plane, unaware that the ship contained American prisoners, dropped a 1,000-pound bomb in the cargo hold. Bianchi is one of three members of the Philippine Scouts who were awarded the Medal of Honor.
Bianchi graduated from South Dakota State University in 1939, and received an ROTC commission in 1940.
Medal of Honor citation.
Bianchi, Willibald C.
"Rank and organization:"First Lieutenant, U.S. Army, 45th Infantry, Philippine Scouts 
"Place and date:"Near Bagac, Bataan Province, Philippine Islands, February 3, 1942 
"Entered service at:"New Ulm, Minnesota 
"Born:"New Ulm, Minnesota 
"Citation:"
Honors.
Bianchi attended South Dakota State University and a monument was erected honoring him and fellow alumnus and Medal of Honor recipient Leo K. Thorsness.

</doc>
<doc id="9623482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623482" title="Gulbis">
Gulbis

Gulbis is a Latvian surname, meaning 'swan', that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9623498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623498" title="Arnold M. Vickers">
Arnold M. Vickers

Arnold M. Vickers (August 8, 1908 – December 25, 1967) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Fayette County and served from 1945 to 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9623503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623503" title="Cyclase">
Cyclase

A cyclase is an enzyme, almost always a lyase, that catalyzes a chemical reaction to form a cyclic compound. Important cyclase enzymes include:

</doc>
<doc id="9623513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623513" title="Nerve injury">
Nerve injury

Nerve injury is injury to nervous tissue. There is no single classification system that can describe all the many variations of nerve injury. Most systems attempt to correlate the degree of injury with symptoms, pathology and prognosis. In 1941, Seddon introduced a classification of nerve injuries based on three main types of nerve fiber injury and whether there is continuity of the nerve.
Types.
Neuropraxia.
This is the least severe form of nerve injury, with complete recovery. In this case, the axon remains intact, but there is myelin damage causing an interruption in conduction of the impulse down the nerve fiber. Most commonly, this involves compression of the nerve or disruption to the blood supply (ischemia). There is a temporary loss of function which is reversible within hours to months of the injury (the average is 6–9 weeks). Wallerian degeneration does not occur, so recovery does not involve actual regeneration. There is frequently greater involvement of motor than sensory function with autonomic function being retained. In electrodiagnostic testing with nerve conduction studies, there is a normal compound motor action potential amplitude distal to the lesion at day 10, and this indicates a diagnosis of mild neuropraxia instead of axonotmesis or neurotmesis.
Axonotmesis.
This is a more severe nerve injury with disruption of the neuronal axon, but with maintenance of the epineurium. This type of nerve damage may cause paralysis of the motor, sensory, and autonomic. Mainly seen in crush injury.
If the force creating the nerve damage is removed in a timely fashion, the axon may regenerate, leading to recovery. Electrically, the nerve shows rapid and complete degeneration, with loss of voluntary motor units. Regeneration of the motor end plates will occur, as long as the endoneural tubules are intact.
Axonotmesis involves loss of the relative continuity of the axon and its covering of myelin, but preservation of the connective tissue framework of the nerve ( the encapsulating tissue, the epineurium and perineurium, are preserved ). Because axonal continuity is lost, Wallerian degeneration occurs. Electromyography ( EMG ) performed 2 to 4 weeks later shows fibrillations and denervation potentials in musculature distal to the injury site. Loss in both motor and sensory spines is more complete with axonotmesis than with neurapraxia, and recovery occurs only through regenerations of the axons, a process requiring time.
Axonotmesis is usually the result of a more severe crush or contusion than neurapraxia, but can also occur when the nerve is stretched (without damage to the epineurium). There is usually an element of retrograde proximal degeneration of the axon, and for regeneration to occur, this loss must first be overcome. The regeneration fibers must cross the injury site and regeneration through the proximal or retrograde area of degeneration may require several weeks. Then the neuritis tip progresses down the distal site, such as the wrist or hand. Proximal lesion may grow distally as fast as 2 to 3 mm per day and distal lesion as slowly as 1.5 mm per day. Regeneration occurs over weeks to years.
Neurotmesis.
Neurotmesis is the most severe lesion with potential of recovering. It occurs on severe contusion, stretch, laceration, or Local Anesthetic Toxicity. Not only the axon, but the encapsulating connective tissue lose their continuity. The last (extreme) degree of neurotmesis is transsection, but most neurotmetic injuries do not produce gross loss of continuity of the nerve but rather internal disruption of the architecture of the nerve sufficient to involve perineurium and endoneuruim as well as axons and their covering. Denervation changes recorded by EMG are the same as those seen with axonotmetic injury. There is a complete loss of motor, sensory and autonomic function. If the nerve has been completely divided, axonal regeneration causes a neuroma to form in the proximal stump. For neurotmesis, it is better to use a new more complete classification called the Sunderland System.
Regeneration.
Physiological mechanisms or neuroregeneration may include remyelination, generation of new neurons, glia, axons, myelin or synapses. Neuroregeneration differs between the Peripheral Nervous System (PNS) and the Central Nervous System (CNS) by the functional mechanisms and especially, the extent and speed.
Surgery can be done in case a nerve has become cut or otherwise divided. Recovery of a nerve after surgical repair depends mainly on the age of the patient. Young children can recover close-to-normal nerve function. In contrast, a patient over 60 years old with a cut nerve in the hand would expect to recover only protective sensation, that is, the ability to distinguish hot/cold or sharp/dull. Many other factors also affect nerve recovery.
In contrast, repair after damage to the central nervous system is limited.

</doc>
<doc id="9623519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623519" title="Bicycle parking">
Bicycle parking

Bicycle parking involves the infrastructure and equipment (bike racks, bicycle locks etc.) to enable secure and convenient parking of bicycles. Arrangements for this include lockers, racks, manned or unmanned bicycle parking stations including automated facilities, roofs for weatherproofing, as well as specific legal arrangements for "ad hoc" parking alongside railings and other street furniture.
Overview.
Bicycle parking is an important part of cycling infrastructure and as such is studied in the discipline of Bicycle transportation engineering. In most of the United States, bicycle parking facilities are scarce, or are so inadequate that nearby trees or parking meters are used. The hitching post type of bicycle rack is an improvement over the old type that had a slot for the front wheel, not the frame, but only allow for two bicycles per post. The Netherlands, where bicycles are much in use, has two-tiered bicycle racks giving high density (the handlebars overlap, often causing damage) and security (the bicycle is held well and is easy to lock).
Sections of existing car parks can often be retrofitted as cycle parking, offering advantages of location, cover and security and parking for more people.
Town planning policies and regulations are increasingly requiring provision for bicycle parking in new developments, in addition to car parking. Many mass transit stations include bicycle parking in the form of bike racks or purpose-built bicycle parking stations to facilitate mixed-mode commuting.
Secure bicycle parking is argued to be a key factor influencing the decision to cycle. To be considered secure, the parking must be of a suitable design: allowing the bicycle to be locked via the frame (see bicycle parking rack). A readily observable location can also permit so-called passive security from passers-by. Weather protection is also desirable. As a rule, where cycling is encouraged as an alternative to motoring, efforts are made to make bicycle parking more convenient and attractive to use than nearby car parking arrangements. This usually means providing a wide distribution of visible, clearly designated parking spots, close to the entrances of destinations being served.
Storage rooms or bicycle lockers may also be provided. In some cases large concentrations of bike parking may be more appropriate, sometimes being supervised and sometimes charging a fee - examples include bicycle parking stations at public transport interchanges such as railway, subway, tram, bus stations or ferry ports where they may be useful in mixed-mode commuting.
Conversely, where cycling is seen as an unwelcome or inappropriate activity, or due to lack of knowledge about best practices, bicycle parking may simply not be provided or else placed at awkward, distant, and out-of-sight locations. Cyclists may be expressly forbidden from parking their bicycles at the most convenient locations. In April 2007, the authorities at the University of California's Santa Barbara campus started confiscating bicycles parked at other than (allegedly inconvenient) official bike racks. Some property owners or municipal authorities display signage on fencing to discourage bicyclists from locking their bicycles.

</doc>
<doc id="9623524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623524" title="W. Broughton Johnston">
W. Broughton Johnston

W. Broughton Johnston (May 21, 1905 – August 1978) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Mercer County and served from 1949 to 1953. He was born in McDowell County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9623539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623539" title="Amanayé language">
Amanayé language

Amanayé (Amanaje) is a possibly extinct Tupi language last spoken in the town of São Domingos on the Capim River in Pará State, Brazil. Ararandewara, at the headwaters of the Moju River (Lang 1914), was closely related but may have been a distinct language.

</doc>
<doc id="9623544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623544" title="26th Utah Senate District">
26th Utah Senate District

The 26th Utah Senate District is located in Daggett, Duchesne, Summit, Uintah and Wasatch Counties and includes Utah House Districts 25, 53, 54 and 55. The current State Senator representing the 26th district is Kevin T. VanTassell. VanTassell was elected to the Utah Senate in 2006 and is up for re-election in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9623548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623548" title="Ralph J. Bean">
Ralph J. Bean

Ralph Jady Bean (December 15, 1912 – June 7, 1978) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Hardy County and served from 1953 to 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="9623570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623570" title="Howard W. Carson">
Howard W. Carson

Howard W. Carson (April 30, 1910 – August 9, 1994) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Fayette County and served from 1961 to 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="9623586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623586" title="Lloyd G. Jackson">
Lloyd G. Jackson

Lloyd G. Jackson (May 30, 1918 – October 29, 2011) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Lincoln County and served from 1969 to 1971. Until his death he resided in Hamlin, West Virginia. He was married to Pauline Adkins and they had two children, Lloyd Jackson II and Suzanne Jackson. They also had two grandchildren, LG Jackson III (Lloyd) and Ryan Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="9623598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623598" title="Fulton Street Line (elevated)">
Fulton Street Line (elevated)

The Fulton Street Line, also called the Fulton Street Elevated or Kings County Line, was an elevated rail line mostly in Brooklyn, New York City, United States. It ran above Fulton Street from Fulton Ferry, Brooklyn in Downtown Brooklyn east to East New York, and then south on Van Sinderen Avenue (southbound) and Snediker Avenue (northbound), east on Pitkin Avenue, north on Euclid Avenue, and east on Liberty Avenue to Ozone Park, Queens. The portion in Brooklyn has been torn down, but most of the line in Queens has been connected to the New York City Subway and is now part of the IND Fulton Street Line (a portion of the A and C), an underground line that replaced the elevated line in Brooklyn. The structure was the main line of the Kings County Elevated Railway, first opened in 1888.
History.
The Kings County Elevated Railway opened the line, from dual western terminals at Fulton Ferry and Brooklyn Bridge (Sands Street) east to Nostrand Avenue, on April 24, 1888. It was extended east to Albany Avenue on May 30, 1888; Albany Avenue was an eastbound-only station, and the westbound station just beyond at Sumner Avenue had yet to be completed, so it temporarily served both directions. The line was further extended to Ralph Avenue on September 20, 1888 and completed to BMT Fulton Street Line at the west end of East New York in early November.
The Fulton Elevated Railroad was incorporated on July 6, 1888 to build a disconnected line from Greenpoint south through Williamsburg to Kent and Myrtle Avenues, and to extend the Kings County Elevated east beyond Rockaway Avenue to the city line. The former was not built, but construction soon began on the latter. The first piece, over Fulton Street and Williams Place, opened on July 4, 1889, connecting with the Long Island Rail Road's Manhattan Crossing station at the new terminal at . It was extended further, over Snediker Avenue and Pitkin Avenue, to Van Siclen Avenue on November 18, 1889; due to a shortage of wood for a storage yard, a temporary shuttle was operated between Pennsylvania Avenue and Van Siclen Avenue until mid-December. Construction above Pitkin Avenue progressed to Linwood Street on February 22, 1892 and Montauk Avenue on March 21, 1892. The line was completed to Grant Avenue at City Line on July 16, 1894, with the opening of a structure above Pitkin Avenue, Euclid Avenue, and Liberty Avenue.
The Kings County Elevated leased the Brooklyn and Brighton Beach Railroad on February 5, 1896. A two-block elevated connection between station and the Brighton Beach Line's Bedford station, including a new station at , opened on August 15, 1896, and the Kings County Elevated began operating trains between the Brooklyn Bridge (Sands Street) and Brighton Beach.
The final extension, from Grant Avenue east to Lefferts Avenue, was built under the Dual Contracts and opened on September 25, 1915. The Dual Contracts also triple-tracked the line. Trains last ran on the line west of Rockaway Avenue on May 31, 1940; a free transfer was provided to the IND Fulton Street Line at and a new "Fulton–Lexington Avenue" service via the Lexington Avenue Elevated west of East New York was introduced. The line west of was closed on April 26, 1956, and IND Fulton Street Line () trains began using the line east of Hudson Street on April 29.
Service patterns.
The primary service pattern was a simple one-end-to-the-other operation, until May 31, 1940, when the 13 was cut back to , and the BMT 12 took over operations from downtown Brooklyn to Lefferts Boulevard.
Station listing.
Most Fulton Street trains left the line at Sands Street and ended at rather than Fulton Ferry.

</doc>
<doc id="9623607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623607" title="E. Hansford McCourt">
E. Hansford McCourt

E. Hansford McCourt (April 21, 1909 – August 3, 1992) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Webster County and served from 1971 to 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="9623616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623616" title="Hans Vogt (linguist)">
Hans Vogt (linguist)

Hans Kamstrup Vogt (1 June 1903 – 25 September 1986) was a Norwegian linguist who specialized in the Caucasian languages, especially Georgian. He also did significant early work on the Kalispel language.
He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters since 1937, the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters from 1957 and of the Norwegian Academy for Language and Literature from 1971. He was an honorary member of the Linguistic Society of America, the Societas Caucasologica Europaea and the Georgian Academy of Languages. He held an honorary degree at the Tbilisi State University and won the Nansen Medal in 1967. He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav (1966) and Chevalier of the Legion of Honour.

</doc>
<doc id="9623619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623619" title="William T. Brotherton, Jr.">
William T. Brotherton, Jr.

William T. Brotherton, Jr. (April 17, 1926 – April 6, 1997) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Kanawha County and served from 1973 to 1981. He was a Justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court from 1984 until 1995, and served as Chief Justice in 1989 and 1994. Brotherton served a total of six terms in the West Virginia House of Delegates and five terms in the State Senate between 1952 and 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="9623623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623623" title="In Concert (Jethro Tull album)">
In Concert (Jethro Tull album)

In Concert is a live album by Jethro Tull, recorded on 8 October 1991 at the Hammersmith Odeon in London and released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9623638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623638" title="El otro">
El otro

El otro () is a 2007 Argentine, French, and German drama film, written and directed by Ariel Rotter, his second feature.
The film was executive produced by Aqua Films' Verónica Cura, and produced by Enrique Piñeyro and Christian Baute.
"El otro" was funded by the "Instituto Nacional de Cine y Artes Audiovisuales" (Argentina), the Vision Sudest Fund (Switzerland), the World Cinema Fund (Berlin International Film Festival), and the Hubert Bals Fund (Netherlands).
The picture features Julio Chávez as Juan Desouza, who was awarded the Silver Bear as Best Actor at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot.
The film tells of Juan Desouza (Julio Chávez), a lawyer in his late 40s, who's happily married and his wife is expecting a child.
On a one-day business trip to the country-side, Desouza embarks on an unintended journey. When he reaches his destination Desouza discovers that the man traveling next to him is not sleeping but dead.
Secretly, he assumes the dead man's identity and invents a profession for himself. He finds a place to stay in the village where the man used to live and contemplates not returning.
Juan Desouza undertakes an adventure into nature, into the rediscovery of his tastes and his basic instincts. He tries to grasp the idea that the life dealt out for him, and which he chose to live, is not the only one possible.
He eventually goes back home, stronger from the spiritual experience.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the Berlin International Film Festival on February 13, 2007.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film was well received at the Berlin International Film Festival winning a Jury "Grand Prix" Silver Bear.
Film critic Annika Pham, who writes for "CineEuropa", liked the film, and wrote, "The film subtly explores the apprehension of death as well as the palpable yet invisible world that lurks underneath the surface. Few words are needed. We feel with Juan and easily relate to him. The scenes where he cares for his father, becoming his father’s father, are particularly moving."
Awards.
Wins

</doc>
<doc id="9623658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623658" title="Dan R. Tonkovich">
Dan R. Tonkovich

Dan R. Tonkovich (April 17, 1946 – February 10, 2002) was an American politician who served as the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Marshall County and served from 1985 to 1989.
Dan R. Tonkovich was the son of Clara (Offchinik) Tonkovich of Benwood, West Virginia, and Daniel Tonkovich. Dan R. Tonkovich was a graduate of Bishop Donahue Memorial High School in McMechen. He received a B.A. degree from West Liberty State College and a M.P.A. degree from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University and served in the United States Army Infantry in Vietnam.
Tonkovich was elected to the West Virginia House of Delegates in 1972 and 1974 and was elected to the West Virginia Senate from the 2nd Senatorial District in 1979. He was reelected to the Senate in 1980 and 1984. Tonkovich was appointed Senate Majority Whip in 1981 and Senate Majority Leader in 1983. Tonkovich was elected the 45th President of the West Virginia Senate, the first senator from Marshall County elected to the office and was named one of the "Outstanding Young Men of America" in 1974, 1976 and 1977. Tonkovich served as President of the Bishop Donahue School Board and was a member of the Knights of Columbus Council #1907 of Moundsville and Our Lady of Peace Catholic Church, Mount Olivet. In December 1989, Tonkovich was sentenced to five years in prison and fined $10,000 in federal court for extorting $5,000 from gambling interests.
Tonkovich died at age 55; his body was discovered about 6 p.m. on February 10, 2002, at his Benwood area home by his son, Marshall County Sheriff's Chief Deputy P.R. Mull stated. Tonkovich's death was announced on the Senate floor and senators observed a moment of silence. Tonkovich was the father of three children, daughters Stacy Tonkovich-Russell, Kaitlynn M. Tonkovich, and son Brandon D. Tonkovich of Wheeling.

</doc>
<doc id="9623669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623669" title="Larry Tucker">
Larry Tucker

Larry A. Tucker is an American politician and was the Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate from Nicholas County (12th District) from 1983 to 1989.
In 2008, Tucker unsuccessfully challenged incumbent Tom Blankenship for the Democratic nomination for a seat on the Nicholas County Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="9623680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623680" title="Keith Burdette">
Keith Burdette

Keith Burdette is Secretary of Commerce for the state of West Virginia under the administration of Governor Earl Ray Tomblin. Burdette holds many state and national awards and records as he served at such young ages in various roles such as a former Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Wood County serving from 1989 to 1995. After serving as Chief of Staff for Governor Wise, Burdette ran The Burdette Group, a West Virginia-based government relations and lobbying company., until his appointment as Secretary.
Keith Burdette’s political education began early. He was a volunteer for Jay Rockefeller’s campaign for Governor in 1972 at the age of 16 and by 1976 was running for public office in his own right. Elected to the first of two terms in the West Virginia House of Delegates in 1978, he entered the House as one of its youngest members in history. In 1982, he was elected to the State Senate at the age of 27 and quickly began a climb through the ranks. He served as a member of both the Senate Finance and Judiciary Committees during his first term and became the Vice Chairman and later the Chairman of the Education Committee.
During his second of three terms in the Senate, Burdette became Majority Leader and then in September 1989, was elected the 42nd President of the State Senate and first in the line of gubernatorial succession at the historic age of only 34. Keith Burdette led efforts to reform the state’s ethics laws; overhaul education funding and the Public Insurance Program. Working with Governor Caperton, he led the Senate through a series of financial reforms that rescued the state from near bankruptcy. In 1992, the United States Junior Chamber of Commerce recognized his leadership by naming him one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans for the year.
Days after the 2000 election, Governor-elect Bob Wise asked Keith Burdette to join his administration. He was a key player during the transition, assisting with the interviews and selection of countless members of the new administration. His official title as a member of the Governor’s senior staff was senior assistant for policy and legislative relations, but he became the go-to guy for an endless list of administrative goals. Burdette directed a legislative agenda that saw major reforms to the medical liability; workers compensation; and coal hauling laws. He orchestrated Governor Wise’s bold reforms to the state’s video lottery laws which were both groundbreaking and financially lucrative for the state. The law ultimately allowed the funding of the PROMISE scholarship program in West Virginia. He was the administrative point man for the development of the state budget, assisting in the production of three balanced budgets without a major tax increase in spite of a significant national economic downturn. He also played a key role in the selection of appointments to a broad array of government posts including the Public Service Commission, the State Board of Education and a variety of other boards and commissions.

</doc>
<doc id="9623682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623682" title="Emily Stewart">
Emily Stewart

Emily Ryan (née Stewart; previously Snyder, Munson and Hughes) is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera "As the World Turns". She has been portrayed by Kelley Menighan Hensley since July 1992. Ten years later, the actress received her first Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress. The character briefly appeared on the CBS soap, "The Young and the Restless", on 23 March 2007, asking Amber Moore about information on her sister and biological daughter, Alison Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="9623687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623687" title="William Bassett">
William Bassett

William Bassett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9623701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623701" title="Sally Bundock">
Sally Bundock

Sally Bundock (born Sally Jackson) is a news presenter. She joined the World Business Report team in September 2002 and presents the programme’s early morning editions, aimed particularly at European viewers and Global viewers.
Early life.
She was educated at City University, London, graduating in Broadcast Journalism in 1996.
Career.
Sally is an award-winning financial journalist and presenter who began covering business news in the mid-1990s when she worked for Bloomberg. Since then she has covered many momentous events including World Economic Forums, G7 conferences and historic EU Summits. During 2008 she became a BBC news business news anchor for the breakfast news slot, often presenting with Jonathan Charles or David Jessel. 
World Business Report.
World Business Report was launched in September 2001 and offers a blend of news, business and sport to reflect the demands of the Global business community. She joined the programme in September 2002.
Personal life.
She resides in London. She married Paul Bundock in October 1999 in Market Harborough. They have a son (born September 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="9623703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623703" title="Bucking Broncho">
Bucking Broncho

Bucking Broncho is an 1894 silent film from Edison Studios. Its star was Lee Martin who was an actual cowboy "bronco rider" and a member of Buffalo Bill's wild west show. Martin's part was uncredited and his only film. The film is a demonstration of expert horse riding before a crowd of onlookers.
This film is preserved by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and available in the DVD collection "More Treasures from American Film Archives" (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="9623706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623706" title="Ponnambalam Ramanathan">
Ponnambalam Ramanathan

Sir Ponnambalam Ramanathan, KCMG, KC (15 April 1851 - 30 November 1930) was a Solicitor-General and Tamil political leader in Sri Lanka.
Early life.
His father was Gate Mudaliyar Arunachalam Ponnambalam and mother was Sellachchi Ammaiyar, both belonging to the Vellalar caste. He was the elder brother of Sir Ponnambalam Arunachalam who was another famous Sri Lankan Tamil leader. Ramanathan was educated at the Colombo Academy (Royal College, Colombo), and enrolled as an Advocate from 1873 to 1886.Current Chief Minister of Northern Province, Sri Lanka, C. V. Vigneswaran grandfather was a cousin of P. Ramanathan and P. Arunachalam.
Political career.
Ramanathan was nominated as an unofficial Member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon from 1879 to 1892 representing the Tamil-speaking people. He positioned himself as a representative of all communities in the Island. About 1890, Ramanathan had several conferences with the American Theosophist Col. Henry Steel Olcott about the feasibility of founding a Hindu-Buddhist College for the benefit of the Sinhalese Buddhists and Tamil Hindus. He was then appointed by the Governor of Ceylon as Solicitor-General in 1892 and functioned as such until 1906, and acted as Attorney-General on several occasions during this period.
Ramanthan was steeped in Hindu and Christian mysticism, and became active in the revival of Buddhism in Ceylon. He was closely associated with Col. Henry Olcott, the co-founder of the Theosophical Society, in promoting Buddhist education in schools. He was also responsible for the Government declaring Vesak a public holiday.
Ramanathan was nominated by the Government (along with JWC de Soysa) to represent Ceylon as a delegate to the Diamond Jubilee celebrations of Her late Majesty Queen Victoria in 1897 at London. He was described by Lord Salisbury as the most accomplished speaker in the British Empire and Queen Victoria awarded him a gold medal on the occasion.
Ramanathan was elected representing the educated Ceylonese to the Legislative Council of Ceylon by a sweeping majority in 1911. It was an historic event, as he was the very first candidate to be elected to the Legislature of the country by an all-Ceylon electorate, prior to the introduction of universal franchise in 1931. He was re-elected to this seat in the Legislative Council in 1916 and held it until 1921.
He was the founder of Uduvil Ramanathan Girls College and Parameshwara College Parameshwara College of Jaffna which later became the University of Jaffna.
Riots of 1915.
During the widespread and prolonged Sinhalese-Muslim Riots of 1915 (from May 28—June 5, 1915) the British Governor came down with a heavy hand on the Sinhalese community. The Governor declared Martial Law (June 2—August 30, 1915) and ordered the Police and the Army to arrest and imprison several prominent Sinhalese leaders. Among those imprisoned were D. S. Senanayake, D. R. Wijewardena, Dr. Cassius Pereira, E. T. De Silva, F.R. Dias Bandaranaike, H. Amarasuriya, A.H. Molamure and several others. It was reported that other leaders were shot without trial. On the request of Anagarika Dharmapala, Ramanathan came to the rescue of the Sinhalese community. 
He and Sir James Peiris led the campaign for a Royal Commission of Inquiry (for the vindication of the reputations of those who had been falsely accused). He traveled to England under great threat to his own life (as World War I was on) and argued the case of the imprisoned Sinhalese. So articulate were his arguments that he succeeded in having the governor transferred and the head of Military recalled from Ceylon. He eventually managed to get all the leaders released from prison. When he came back to Ceylon victoriously, there were thousands to welcome him. Sir John Kotalawala and A. C. Seneviratne, a prominent businessman, said that the Sinhalese owe Sir Ponnambalam a debt that could never be repaid. They insisted that his horse carriage be drawn by Sinhalese. Sir Ponnambalam was driven through the streets of Colombo to his residence at Ward Place and some of the top families, of Sinhalese aristocracy, had no qualms about drawing his carriage through the streets of Colombo virtually carrying him on their backs. Sinhala leaders took turns to pull the carriage.
D. S. Senanayake, the first Sri Lankan prime minister, called Ramanathan ‘the greatest Ceylonese of all times’, while Sir Baron Jayatilaka, the Head of the Cabinet in the State Council, referred to him as ‘the greatest man Ceylon has produced during the past 50 years.’
Family.
Ponnambalam Ramanathan married Miss Sellachchi Ammal, daughter of Mudaliyar E. Nannithamby of Manipay. Later, when his first wife died, he was remarried to Leelawathy Ramanathan, née R. L. Harrison in 1906. He was considered a very stubborn man of western ideals, and this identity was changed by Mr Ilakanam Ramaswami Pillai, the Tamil teacher for the Tanjavur Raja, whom he considered his guru. After his meeting with Mr Ramaswami Pillai he gave up liquor, smoking and became a vegetarian. He became a Spiritual man and wrote great books on Hinduism, some translated by his wife Mrs Leelawaty Ramanathan). In return for Mr Ramaswami Pillai's help, he decided to take his great grand son Mr S Natesan to Ceylon, and gave him a job as a teacher in Parameswara College, Jaffna which was founded by him. (Mr S Natesan was a Lawyer by profession, but followed Mr Ponnambalam Ramanathan to become a political leader in Ceylon). He also got his only daughter (Through Leelawathy Ramanathan) Sivagamisundhari married to him. His direct descendants end with Sivagamisundhari. Because Mr S Natesan and Sivagamisundhari did not have any children, they adopted Mr S Natesan's niece Devi (Padmini).
Through the Theosophical Society Ponnambalam Ramanathan had met Florence Farr, who was greatly impressed by his plans for the education of young women in his native country, and she committed herself to helping him when he was ready.
In 1912, Farr learned that Ramanathan had established his Uduvil Ramanathan Girls College, and at the age of fifty-two, she sold all her possessions and moved to Ceylon, returning to her first vocation, that of a teacher. Farr was appointed Lady Principal by Ramanathan and the administration of the school was turned over to her. Certainly the organizational skills she learned as the "Praemonstratrix" of the Golden Dawn served Farr in her new position, and due to her tolerance and respect for the Tamil traditions, the school thrived under her administration. 
Then in 1916, a lump in her breast was diagnosed as cancer, and she underwent a mastectomy. But the cancer had spread, and Florence Farr died a few months later at the age of 56 in a hospital in Colombo, in April 1917. In accordance with her wishes, her body was cremated and the ashes scattered by Ramanathan in the sacred Kalyaani River.
Selected writings.
Ramanathan availed himself of this period of service as a senior Law Officer of the Crown to introspect and produce very illuminating writings on Christian and Hindu spiritual themes.

</doc>
<doc id="9623712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623712" title="Jermaine Hardy">
Jermaine Hardy

Jermaine Hardy (born March 20, 1982) is a former American football defensive back for the NFL's Carolina Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="9623715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623715" title="Bochdalek hernia">
Bochdalek hernia

A Bochdalek hernia is one of two forms of a congenital diaphragmatic hernia, the other form being Morgagni hernia. A Bochdalek hernia is a congenital abnormality in which an opening exists in the infant’s diaphragm, allowing normally intra-abdominal organs (particularly the stomach and intestines) to protrude into the thoracic cavity. In the majority of patients, the affected lung will be deformed, and the resulting lung compression can be life-threatening. Bochdalek hernias occur more commonly on the posterior left side (85%, versus right side 15%).
Causes.
Most likely, Bochdalek hernias are formed throughout the growth process and organ construction during fetal development. During fetal development, the diaphragm is formed between the seventh and tenth week. Also, during this time, the esophagus, stomach, and intestines are formed. Therefore, a Bochdalek hernia forms either from malformation of the diaphragm, or the intestines become locked into the chest cavity during the construction of the diaphragm. Although these are some factors that contribute to a Bochdalek hernia, it does not take all variables into account. Bochdalek hernias, along with Morgagni hernias, are both multifactor conditions, meaning that there are many reasons and multiple variables that contribute to the malformations. For example, in each case there could be genetic and or environmental condition(s) that can add to the probability of this birth defect.
Epidemiology.
Bochdalek hernias make up about 0.17% to 6% of all diaphragmatic hernia cases and about one in every 2200 to 12,500 births every year. Babies who are born with a Bochdalek hernia are more than likely to have another birth defect caused by the hernia. About twenty percent of those children born with a Bochdalek hernia, also have a congenital heart defect. In addition, infants born with this condition may also have other abnormalities. “Between five and sixteen of infants have a chromosomal abnormality.” In most cases, left-sided hernias or Bochdalek hernias have a ratio of 3:2 of males to females. In other words, Bochdalek hernias are more common in men.
Morbidity and mortality.
Bochdalek hernia can be a life-threatening condition. Approximately 85.3% of newborns born with a Bochdalek hernia are immediately high risk. Infants born with a Bochdalek hernia have a “high mortality rate due to respiratory insufficiency.” Between 25-60% of infants die from a Bochdalek hernia. The lungs, diaphragm, and digestive system are all forming at the same time, so when a Bochdalek hernia permits the abdominal organs to invade the chest cavity rather than remain under the diaphragm in the correct position, it puts the infant in critical condition. These "foreign bodies” in the chest cavity compress the lungs, impairing their proper development and causing pulmonary hypoplasia. Since the lungs of infants suffering from a Bochdalek hernia have fewer alveoli than normal lungs, Bochdalek hernias are life-threatening conditions due to respiratory distress. Also, if the invasion of the intestine or stomach punctures the lung, then the lungs cannot fill completely with air. The baby will not be healthy or stable with this condition because he or she cannot take in enough air and oxygen to keep the body operating properly. Like the lungs, the intestines may also have trouble developing correctly. If the intestines are trapped within the lungs, then the lungs and intestines may not be receiving the amount of blood they need to stay healthy and function properly.
Symptoms.
In normal Bochdalek hernia cases, the symptoms are often observable simultaneously with the baby’s birth. A few of the symptoms of a Bochdalek Hernia include difficulty breathing, fast respiration and increased heart rate. Also, if the baby appears to have cyanosis (blue-tinted skin) this can also be a sign. Another way to differentiate a healthy baby from a baby with Bochdalek Hernia, is to look at the chest immediately after birth. If the baby has a Bochdalek Hernia it may appear that one side of the chest cavity is larger than the other and or the abdomen seems to be concave (caved in).
Diagnosis.
One way to determine if a baby does in fact have a Bochdalek hernia, would be to have a pediatrician perform a physical on the infant. A chest x-ray can also be done to examine the abnormalities of not only the lungs but also the diaphragm and the intestine. In addition to these, a doctor can also take a blood test, drawing arterial blood to check and determine how well the baby is breathing and his or her ability to breathe. A chromosomal test (done by testing the blood) can also be performed to determine whether or not the problem was genetic. The doctors can also take an ultrasound of the heart (echocardiogram) to evaluate the health of the heart.
Treatment.
In order to treat a Bochdalek hernia, the baby’s physician must take into account multiple factors. First, the diagnosis will vary depending on whether the Bochdalek hernia was found during fetal development or after birth. “The key to survival lies in prompt diagnosis and treatment.” Second, the baby’s overall health and medical history will be evaluated. Third, the doctor will look at the seriousness of the condition. Fourth, the baby will need to be evaluated at the level of medication, procedure and therapy he or she can handle, and finally, the doctor will take into consideration the opinion and preference of the parents. After these things are all taken into consideration and evaluated, the doctor will determine how to treat the baby. There are three different treatments available. The first treatment includes the baby’s admission into the NICU (Neonatal Intensive Care Unit). In most Bochdalek Hernia cases, babies who are admitted in the NICU, are placed on a mechanical ventilator to help breathing. Another treatment involves putting the infants on a temporary heart/lung bypass machine, called an ECMO. This normally pertains to children who have severe problems. ECMO performs the tasks the regularly functioning hearts and lungs do. ECMO allows oxygen to be regulated into the blood and then pumps the blood throughout the entire body. Normally, this machine is used to stabilize the baby’s condition. The third option in treatment is surgery.
After the baby is stable and his or her state has improved, the diaphragm can be fixed and the misplaced organs can be relocated to their correct position. Although these are various treatments for Bochdalek Hernias, it does not guarantee the baby will survive. Since the baby must go through some or all of the previous treatments, the baby’s hospital stay is usually longer than that of a “normal” newborn. The average infants born with a Bochdalek Hernia stay in the hospital between 23.1 and 26.8 days.
Mnemonic.
A useful way to remember the localization of this hernia vs. Morgagni is "Bochdalek is back and to the left" (re the postero-lateral localization).

</doc>
<doc id="9623719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623719" title="The Motorhomes">
The Motorhomes

The Motorhomes was a Swedish rockband from Jönköping that was created in 1997. They released two albums: "Songs For Me (And My Baby)" (1999) and "The Long Distance Runner" (2002). 
Their biggest hit was “Into the Night” from the first album. This song was played very frequently on Swedish radio stations. The Motorhomes got to feature as the warmup band for Suede (band) on their Scandinavian tour. They also played famous festivals in England such as the Reading Festival. 
The band split up in 2004 after the singer Mattias Edlund decided to quit for personal reasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="9623730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623730" title="Everybody's Entitled to Their Own Opinion">
Everybody's Entitled to Their Own Opinion

"Everybody's Entitled to Their Own Opinion" is the debut album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1986 by Disorder Records. It was the band's first full-length album and established their presence in the prolific San Francisco Bay Area music scene of the late 1980s and the 1990s. Lookout! Records re-released the album in 1990 and again in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9623742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623742" title="Mazanderani cuisine">
Mazanderani cuisine

Mazandarani cuisine is diverse from a region to another region of Mazandaran. The cuisine of Coastal regions is different from Mountainous regions as people settled in the Alborz usually use the indigenous herbs and coastal people use the dishes of fish and Caspian (Mazani) rice with vegetables.
However each people have their own beliefs as they know which dish could be used as remedy for an illness. Every year many of scholars come to Mazandaran province to researching about wild herbs and regional dishes.
Drinks.
Mazanderani people use the traditional drink after hard labor, particularly during summer and Merdal month of Tabarian Calendar which is known as Narenj Vehar.
It is a cold drink which is believed to replenish the drinkers' energy reserves.
Tabarian Coffee (Pəs Köt).
Pəs Köt is the name of Mazanderani Coffee. Sometimes it is considered as Tea .
Holiday Cuisine.
Mazanderanis (Tabarians) celebrate each holiday with a different cuisine; each has a special meaning.
Kăl ČărŠənbə Ăč.
People cook this dish for the Petram Sewresh festival [http://roojin.com/cms/content/view/122/204/].
Čəllə Šeow.
During the Chelea Sheow Festival, people cook peshtezik for the guests at their feasts.

</doc>
<doc id="9623763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623763" title="Richard D. Freer">
Richard D. Freer

Richard D. Freer (born 1953) is a leading American academic in Civil Procedure. A tenured professor at Emory University in Atlanta, Professor Freer is member of the Emory Law faculty. He has written numerous articles and has published 11 books during his Career. Currently, his book on Civil Procedure is the preferred text on the subject at many law schools throughout the country. Professor Freer is also a member of the Bar/Bri staff and has lectured for Bar/Bri for over 20 years. 
Richard D. Freer clerked for a federal district judge and a federal appellate judge before litigating with the Los Angeles firm of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher. He joined the faculty in 1983 and has served as visiting professor at George Washington University and at Central European University in Budapest. The student body has named him Outstanding Professor seven times. The Black Law Students Association has named him Professor of the Year four times. The University recognized him with its Scholar/Teacher Award in 2008, and he is a recipient of the University’s highest teaching award, the Emory Williams Award for Excellence in Teaching. He has also received Emory Law’s triennial Ben F. Johnson Award for Faculty Excellence.
Areas of Specialty: Civil Procedure, Complex Litigation, and Business Associations.
Research and Scholarship: Professor Freer is author or co-author of 11 books, including his Treatise on Civil Procedure (2d ed. 2009), the widely-adopted Freer & Perdue casebook on Civil Procedure (5th ed. 2008) and a popular casebook on Business Structures (2d ed. 2007). He is the only academic to serve as contributing author to both of the standard multivolume treatises on federal jurisdiction and practice: Moore’s Federal Practice and Wright & Miller’s Federal Practice and Procedure. He has written widely-regarded articles in various areas of federal jurisdiction and procedure, and served as an adviser to the American Law Institute’s Federal Judicial Code Project. He is a national bar review lecturer on Civil Procedure, Federal Jurisdiction, and Corporations, and lectures annually to tens of thousands of bar candidates and law students. He served for six years on the University’s President's Advisory Committee and was the University’s Vice Provost in 1991.
Education: BA, University of California, San Diego, 1975; JD, UCLA, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="9623765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623765" title="David Bierk">
David Bierk

David Bierk (9 June 1944, Appleton, Minnesota – August 28, 2002), was an American-born Canadian painter. His work is exhibited at the Nancy Hoffman Gallery in New York City. According to Askart.com (), Bierk was primarily active in California and Canada, and he was best known for producing landscape paintings, as well as paintings incorporating "Old Master appropriations". Bierk evidently became a Canadian citizen, for Artcyclopedia.com calls him an "American-born Canadian Painter". According to artnet.com, Bierk became a Canadian citizen in 1978. Under the heading of "Paintings in Museums and Public Art Galleries" for this artist, Artcyclopedia lists the Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, British Columbia; the Art Gallery of Peterborough, Ontario; and the Ellen Gallery at Concordia University, Montreal, Quebec. 
Among David Bierk's children are actress Dylan Bierk, professional hockey goal tender Zac Bierk, Toronto based photographer Jeff Bierk, Toronto based painters Alex Bierk, Nick Bierk and Charles Bierk and former lead singer of Skid Row Sebastian Bach. His most widely recognizable work is the 1991 album cover of Skid Row's Slave to the Grind.
Critical appraisal: "virtuoso" post-modernist.
In a June 2001 "Art in America" review, critic Jonathan Goodman writes that "Bierk quotes from the past not so much to critique current art as to reinterpret a way of seeing that he associates with artists as disparate as Vermeer, Eakins, Ingres, Manet and Fantin-Latour", and that Bierk "accomplishes this particularly well when he starkly juxtaposes two or three of his eclectic art-historical references within a single work." Noting the work's "virtuoso" technical quality, Goodman also observes that Bierk's "marvelously romantic" landscape paintings are, unlike these referential paintings, invented images, rather than appropriated or copied from masterworks. Both Goodman's review and Bierk's 2002 "New York Times" obituary note that Bierk used framing to call attention, in a way that is pointedly "postmodern", to the historical disjunction between the evoked masterworks and the contemporary cultural environment: "He painted copies of works by artists like Vermeer or the Hudson River School painter Frederic Edwin Church, for example, and framed them within broad steel panels, setting up a tension between humanism and old masterly craft on the one hand, and Modernist abstraction and industrial fabrication on the other." Thus, the manner in which the painting is framed is often intrinsic to the work itself.
Art shows and museums.
David Bierk's work has been widely shown throughout the United States and Canada at public institutions including:
Bierk art collections.
David Bierk's works are found in many public collections, including:
Tom Thomson Art Gallery Owen Sound, Ontario
Awards.
Bierk was named Artist-in-Residence by the Canada Council, St. Catharines, and the Canada Council, North Bay, Ontario. He received three grant awards from the Canada Council. 
Bierk gained many awards for his work throughout his life including:
Art commissions.
Bierk was commissioned by many organizations including: 
Death.
David Bierk died in Peterborough, Ontario in August 2002, aged 57, from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9623774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623774" title="MediaCorp Suria">
MediaCorp Suria

MediaCorp Suria (Chinese: 朝阳频道) is a Malay language channel featuring local and acquired Malay dramas and popular programmes. Suria has achieved recognition outside the Malay community drawing media attention in Singapore and abroad.
History.
As SBC 12.
Before it is known as Suria, it was originally known as SBC 12, launched on Tuesday, January 31, 1984. The idea of the channel was to promote and appreciate arts and culture towards Singaporeans. Besides showing art-related programmes, they also broadcast some documentaries and current affairs as well. The channel was best known for its sports coverage, notably the Malaysia Cup, which garnered millions of Singaporeans watching at home, just to see their favourite local players and major sporting events such as the Summer Olympics, Winter Olympics, Asian Games, SEA Games, Commonwealth Games, FIFA World Cup and the English Premier League. Following Channel 8's increase of its transmission hours in June 1993, CDIS programmes were transferred to SBC 12 by January 1993.
A new home for Malay programmes.
On New Year's Day 1994, Malay programmes were transferred from Channel 5 to Channel 12, gradually increasing from 9 to 15 hours of Malay programming but they continued broadcasting some English and Chinese content such as Chinese Opera, documentary, sports, current affairs, performances, comedy, lifestyle, dramas and children's programmes. As they celebrated its 10th anniversary on the following month, Channel 12 unveiled its brand new logo (turned out to be the second and last logo) and slogan, "Something Special". On October 1, 1994, SBC was dissolved and one of two TV broadcasters, the newly established Television Twelve (later renamed Singapore Television Twelve), took over Channel 12 but its format remain unchanged.
Channel 12 becomes Prime 12 and a new home for Tamil programmes.
On Friday September 1, 1995, Channel 12 was renamed Prime 12, to coincide with the launch of its sister channel, Premiere 12, and Tamil programmes from TCS Channel 8, were transferred here as well. Their slogan was "Speaking Your Language", inspired by their national pledge. Besides broadcasting in Malay and Tamil, English programmes were also broadcast. Among the English programmes were George and Mildred, Madeline, Rhoda, Xuxa and Fawlty Towers. Not only that, the rest of the foreign language programmes in Swedish, French, German, Dutch, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Korean and Japanese were also shown on this channel, making the channel as Singapore's only multilingual channel and a channel to call their own.
Prime 12 was best known for its programmes, notably the World's first Tamil sitcom, Amali Thumali, Malay and Tamil weekly drama strands, Sandiwara and Naadaga Arangam, respectively and also for its sports coverage such as the Southeast Asian Games in 1995, 1997 & 1999, UEFA Euro 1996 (selected matches) and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
By October 1, 1997, more Tamil and Malay programmes were introduced but Japan Hour was transferred to Premiere 12 the following year.
As a standalone channel.
On Sunday January 30, 2000, Prime 12 was renamed Suria, becoming a standalone Malay channel as it is today. At the same time, Tamil programmes were transferred to Premiere 12, resulting to be renamed Central. Suria - which means "Sun" in Malay - transmits a blend of programmes to reflect the unique views, culture and lifestyles of the modern Malay Singaporean. As a dedicated Malay channel, Suria is the channel of choice of the Malay community in Singapore and aims to be the number one channel for the Malay community in the region. The channel aims to provide news and entertainment programs that reflect the culture of its target demographic. To coincide with channel's 10th anniversary in 2010, Suria unveiled their second and current logo but the slogan remains unchanged.
Suria, Sinar Bersama Anda.
Suria originally used the tagline, "Suria, Sinaran Hidup Anda" which means Suria, Shine In Your Life and Semakin Bersinar which means Shining Even Brighter. It then changes to a new tagline in 2008 Suria, Sinar Bersama Anda which means Suria, Shines With You reflects the channel's desire to be the heartbeat of the Malay community, networking closely with them and understanding their needs and aspirations.
With a multicultural and International feel, Suria not only reflects the affluent, educated and new breed of the Singapore Malay it also provides a window for those who wish to understand the Malay community.
Transmission Hours.
Since 2014, MediaCorp Suria had some modification on its transmission hours due to a home shopping programme at 14:30 SST on weekdays. The current broadcasting hours are shown as below.
Opening and closing times.
Startup.
Suria starts up at 15:30 SST on weekday (every Monday to Friday), 15:00 SST on every Saturday and 10:00 SST on public holidays and every Sunday and resign-on when 24-hours during Hari Raya Aidil Fitri (1 Syawal), Hari Raya Aidil Adha (10 Zulhijah) and the night before the Islamic holidays with national anthem being played and station ident.
Closedown.
Suria closes down at midnight with last programme, usually a news bulletin that was recorded at 20:00 SST, station ident along with the Suria & MediaCorp idents and the national anthem.
At other times when programmes are not transmitted, still image of Suria logo will be displayed with the background sound of radio Ria 89.7FM.

</doc>
<doc id="9623798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623798" title="Ponnambalam Arunachalam">
Ponnambalam Arunachalam

The Honourable Sir Ponnambalam Arunachchalam (September 14, 1853 – January 9, 1924) was a Ceylonese statesman, who served as a member of the Executive Council and the Legislative Council.
Early life.
His father was Gate Mudaliyar Arunachalam Ponnambalam and mother was Sellachchi Ammaiyar. He was the third son of their parents and the younger brother of Sir Ponnambalam Ramanathan who was another famous Ceylon Tamil leader. He was educated at the Colombo Academy (Royal College Colombo), Colombo, and at Christ's College, Cambridge.
He married Swarnambal Namasivayam and had three sons, Sir Arunachalam Mahadeva, KCMG; Sivananthan Arunachalam and Arunachalam Ramanathan. Current Chief Minister of Northern Province, Sri Lanka, C. V. Vigneswaran grandfather was a cousin of P. Ramanathan and P. Arunachalam.
Career.
He was one of the first Ceylonese to enter the prestigious Ceylon Civil Service in 1875. He was appointed Registrar General in 1887. He showed his eminence in all the positions he held. His scientific compilation of the National Census Report in 1911 was a masterpiece. The introductory report contains “the most luminous dissertation on the ethnological, social and economic conditions of the Island”. On his retirement from the Public Service in 1913, he was Knighted in recognition of his distinguished service to the country. He was also nominated by the Governor to a seat in the Executive Council.
He was the first Ceylonese to be elected President of the Ceylon Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society. As President of the Saiva Paripalana Sabai he took much interest in Hindu Cultural matters. Along with Sir James Peiris and Sir Marcus Fernando, he was among the first to start agitating for a University for Ceylon (the Hall of residence at the Peradeniya University, formally the Peradeniya campus of University of Ceylon was named Arunachalam Hall, in 1951). He was the Chairman of the Ceylon Reform League. In 1919, Sir P Arunachalam managed to bring the Ceylon Reform League, the Ceylon National Association and the Jaffna Association into a single national organization - the Ceylon National Congress. He died at Madurai on 9 January 1924, while on a pilgrimage worshipping at the Hindu Temples in South India.

</doc>
<doc id="9623800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623800" title="Cornell Journal of Law and Public Policy">
Cornell Journal of Law and Public Policy

The Cornell Journal of Law and Public Policy (JLPP) is a law review published by students at Cornell Law School, First published in July 1992, "JLPP" publishes articles, commentaries, book reviews, and student notes that explore the intersections of law, government, public policy, and the social sciences, with a focus on current domestic issues and their implications.
"JLPP" accepts and solicits manuscripts written by members of the academic and professional community. It publishes three issues each year (fall, spring, and summer). 
In addition to its publications, "JLPP" also provides a forum for the discussion of current issues of law and public policy by sponsoring or co-sponsoring an annual symposium at Cornell Law School. Each symposium theme is addressed in an issue of the journal, through symposium papers and related manuscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="9623817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623817" title="List of Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer (Darren McGavin) episodes">
List of Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer (Darren McGavin) episodes

This is a list of episodes for the syndicated television series "Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer" starring Darren McGavin. As a syndicated show, original air dates and the order of episodes vary by geographic location. In New York City, for example, it debuted January 28, 1958 on WCBS-TV and its first episode was "Letter Edged in Blackmail." The show had two seasons, which originally aired from 1958 to 1960 in most markets.

</doc>
<doc id="9623819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623819" title="28th Utah Senate District">
28th Utah Senate District

The 28th Utah Senate District is located in Beaver County, Utah, Garfield, Iron, Kane, Millard and Washington Counties and includes Utah House Districts 68, 69, 71, 72 and 73. The current State Senator representing the 28th district is Dennis E. Stowell. Stowell was elected to the Utah Senate in 2006 and is up for re-election in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9623824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623824" title="Ian Lowe">
Ian Lowe

Ian Lowe (born 1942) is President of the Australian Conservation Foundation, Professor of Science, Technology and Society and former Head of the School of Science at Griffith University, as well as an adjunct professor at Sunshine Coast University and Flinders University. In 1996 he was chair-person of the advisory council producing the first national report on the state of Australia's environment. He is a patron of Sustainable Population Australia. One of his principal interests is the way policy decisions influence use of science and technology, especially in the fields of energy and environment.
Lowe was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in 2001 for services to science, technology, and the environment. In 2002 he was awarded a Centenary Medal for contributions to environmental science and won the Eureka Prize for promotion of science. His contributions have also been recognised by the Prime Minister's Environment Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement, the Queensland Premier's Millennium Award for Excellence in Science and the University of NSW Alumni Award for achievement in science. Lowe was named Humanist of the Year in 1988. He was elected President of the Australian Conservation Foundation in 2004.
Lowe is a member of the Australian Radiation Health and Safety Advisory Council and a former member or chair of many other bodies advising all three levels of government in Australia.
Lowe has authored or co-authored 10 books, 10 Open University books, more than 50 book chapters and over 500 other publications. He wrote for 13 years a regular column for New Scientist and also writes for several other publications, as well as contributing frequently to electronic media programs. Books by Ian Lowe include "A Big Fix", "Reaction Time", "Living in the Hothouse", "Why vs Why: Nuclear Power", "A Voice of Reason: Reflections on Australia" and "Bigger or Better? Australia's Population Debate".
Ian Lowe sees the nuclear power option as being risky and unworkable. He says nuclear power installations peaked last century and in the past 20 years, retirements, cancellations and deferments have outnumbered new reactor construction. Lowe says nuclear power is too expensive, with insurmountable problems associated with waste disposal and weapons proliferation. It is also not a fast enough response to address climate change. Lowe advocates renewable energy which is "quicker, less expensive and less dangerous than nuclear".

</doc>
<doc id="9623827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623827" title="Diatto Ottovù Zagato">
Diatto Ottovù Zagato

The Diatto Ottovù Zagato is an upcoming sports car designed and built by Milanese coachbuilder Carrozzeria Zagato for two of its clients. Coinciding with the 100th anniversary of the Diatto brand, the car made its official public debut at the 2007 Geneva Motor Show.
Back in 1921, Ugo Zagato designed a lightweight and aerodynamic body for the Diatto 25 4DS chassis. Created in 1835 with a Perfected Wheel patent, Diatto made their first car in 1905 and often crossed paths with Zagato in their close collaboration with Ettore Bugatti, the Maserati brothers and Tazio Nuvolari.
The word "Ottovù" incidentally means "V8" in Italian. A clear indication of the engine powering this vehicle and show of the car's sporting intent.

</doc>
<doc id="9623828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623828" title="P–P plot">
P–P plot

The Q–Q plot is more widely used, but they are both referred to as "the" probability plot, and are potentially confused.
Definition.
A P–P plot plots two cumulative distribution functions (cdfs) against each other:
given two probability distributions, with cdfs ""F"" and ""G"", it plots formula_1 as "z" ranges from formula_2 to formula_3 As a cdf has range the domain of this parametric graph is formula_4 and the range is the unit square formula_5
Thus for input "z" the output is the pair of numbers giving what "percentage" of "f" and what "percentage" of "g" fall at or below "z."
The comparison line is the 45° line from (0,0) to (1,1) – the distributions are equal if and only if the plot falls on this line – any deviation indicates a difference between the distributions.
Example.
As an example, if the two distributions do not overlap, say "F" is below "G," then the P–P plot will move from left to right along the bottom of the square – as "z" moves through the support of "F," the cdf of "F" goes from 0 to 1, while the cdf of "G" stays at 0 – and then moves up the right side of the square – the cdf of "F" is now 1, as all points of "F" lie below all points of "G," and now the cdf of "G" moves from 0 to 1 as "z" moves through the support of "G."
Use.
As the above example illustrates, if two distributions are separated in space, the P–P plot will give very little data – it is only useful for comparing probability distributions that have nearby or equal location. Notably, it will pass through the point (1/2, 1/2) if and only if the two distributions have the same median.
P–P plots are sometimes limited to comparisons between two samples, rather than comparison of a sample to a theoretical model distribution. However, they are of general use, particularly where observations are not all modelled with the same distribution.
However, it has found some use in comparing a sample distribution from a "known" theoretical distribution: given "n" samples, plotting the continuous theoretical cdf against the empirical cdf would yield a stairstep (a step as "z" hits a sample), and would hit the top of the square when the last data point was hit. Instead one only plots points, plotting the observed "k"th observed points (in order: formally the observed "k"th order statistic) against the "k"/("n" + 1) quantile of the theoretical distribution. This choice of "plotting position" (choice of quantile of the theoretical distribution) has occasioned less controversy than the choice for Q–Q plots. The resulting goodness of fit of the 45° line gives a measure of the difference between a sample set and the theoretical distribution.
A P–P plot can be used as a graphical adjunct to a tests of the fit of probability distributions, with additional lines being included on the plot to indicate either specific acceptance regions or the range of expected departure from the 1:1 line. An improved version of the P–P plot, called the SP or S–P plot, is available, which makes use of a variance-stabilizing transformation to create a plot on which the variations about the 1:1 line should be the same at all locations.

</doc>
<doc id="9623838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623838" title="Delta High School (Utah)">
Delta High School (Utah)

Delta High School is located in Delta, Utah.
Athletics.
Delta High is known nationally for its mascot, the Rabbit, and for its state record of 32 state wrestling championships. Its colors are Red and White. It competes in 2A, Region 12. Delta has a rich tradition of athletics that still continues today. The Delta Palladium on the Delta High campus is one of the top high school gymnasiums in Utah. Although one of the smallest 3A schools, they still manage to compete at an elite level every year. The student section was nicknamed "The Rabbit Den" in 2007. Delta High School is the winningest school in all sports in the state of Utah. Delta High School enjoyed a heated rivalry with the neighboring Millard High School of Fillmore, Utah.
State Championships By Sport.
Wrestling-32, Football-9, Volleyball-8, Boys Track-7, Boys Golf-3, Boys Water Polo-1, Boys Basketball-, Girls Basketball-1,Girls Track-1 and Softball-1
State Championships By Year.
1929-30=Boys Basketball(Hinckley High)
1938-39=Football
1952-53=Track
1954-55=Wrestling
1955-56=Wrestling
1960-61=Wrestling
1962-63=Wrestling
1963-64=Wrestling
1964-65=Wrestling
1965-66=Wrestling
1966-67=Football, Wrestling
1968-69=Football
1971-72=Boys Basketball
1972-73=Track
1973-74=Track, Wrestling
1974-75=Wrestling
1975-76=Football, Track, Wrestling
1976-77=Track, Wrestling
1977-78=Wrestling
1978-79=Wrestling
1979-80=Wrestling
1980-81=Wrestling
1981-82=Volleyball
1982-83=Volleyball
1984-85=Volleyball, Wrestling
1985-86=Football, Volleyball, Wrestling
1986-87=Football, Girls Basketball, Volleyball, Wrestling
1987-88=Wrestling
1988-89=Wrestling
1989-90=Volleyball, Wrestling
1990-91=Wrestling
1991-92=Football, Wrestling
1992-93=Softball, Track, Volleyball, Wrestling
1995-96=Football, Girls Track, Volleyball
1996-97=Track
1998-99=Boys Water Polo
1999-00=Boys Golf
2000-01=Boys Golf
2001-02=Boys Golf, Football, Wrestling
2008-09=Wrestling
2009-10=Wrestling
2010-11=Wrestling
2011-12=Wrestling
2012-13=Wrestling
2013-14=Wrestling
Wrestling.
Delta is well known nationally for its wrestling program, and is ranked second in the nation for state championships
"1950s".
In the 1950s Delta High began its storied dynasty with its first individual champion in 1951 and its first team championship in 1955
State Champions:
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1957
1958
1959
"1960s".
1963
1964
1965
"1970s".
1970
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
"1980s".
1980
1981
1982
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
"1990s".
1990
1991
1992
1993
1996
1997
1998
1999
"2000s".
2000
2001
2002
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
"2010s".
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="9623871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623871" title="Guatemalan Highlands">
Guatemalan Highlands

The Guatemalan Highlands is an upland region in southern Guatemala, lying between the Sierra Madre de Chiapas to the south and the Petén lowlands to the north.
The highland are made up of a series of high valleys enclosed by mountains. The local name for the region is "Altos", meaning highlands, which includes the northern declivity of the Sierra Madre. The mean elevation is greatest in the west (Altos of Quezaltenango) and least in the east (Altos of Guatemala). A few of the streams of the Pacific slope actually rise in the Highlands, and force a way through the Sierra Madre at the bottom of deep ravines. One large river, the Chixoy or Salinas River, escapes northwards towards the Gulf of Mexico. The relief of the mountainous country which lies north of the Highlands and drains into the Atlantic is varied by innumerable terraces, ridges and underfalls; but its general configuration is admirably compared by E. Reclus with the appearance of "a stormy sea breaking into parallel billows". The parallel ranges extend east and west with a slight southerly curve towards their centres. A range called the Sierra de Chamá, which, however, changes its name frequently from place to place, strikes eastward towards Belize, and is connected by low hills with the Cockscomb Mountains; another similar range, the Sierra de Santa Cruz, continues east to Cape Cocoli between the Polochic and the Sarstoon; and a third, the Sierra de las Minas or, in its eastern portion, Sierra del Mico, stretches between the Polochic and the Motagua rivers. Between Honduras and Guatemala the frontier is formed by the Sierra de Merendón. 
In addition to the streams which break through to the Pacific, a number of larger streams which drain to the Gulf of Mexico or the Caribbean Sea have their source in the highlands. The Motagua River, whose principal head stream is called the Rio Grande, has a something and is navigable to within 90 miles of Guatemala City, which is situated on one of its confluents, the Rio de las Vacas. It empties in the Gulf of Honduras, an arm of the Caribbean. Of similar importance is the Polochic River, which is about 180 miles in length, and navigable about 20 miles above the river-port of Telemán. A vast number of streams, among which are the Chixoy, Lacantún, and Ixcán, unite to form the Usumacinta River, which passes along the Mexican frontier, and flowing on through Chiapas and Tabasco, falls into the Bay of Campeche. The Grijalva and its tributaries the Cuilco and San Miguel rivers drain west into the Chiapas Depression, and from there into the Gulf of Mexico. Lake Atitlan is a land-locked basin encompassed with lofty mountains. About 9 miles south of Guatemala City lies Lake Amatitlan with the town Amatitlán.
The highlands have a long occupational history, with many Maya archaeological sites that include Zaculeu, Kaminaljuyu, Iximché, Mixco Viejo, Q'umarkaj, San Mateo Ixtatán, Chitinamit and many more.
Geography.
Tropical savanna climates have monthly mean temperature above 18°C (64°F) in every month of the year and typically a pronounced dry season, with the driest month having precipitation less than 60mm (2.36 in) of precipitation. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Aw". (Tropical Savanna Climate).

</doc>
<doc id="9623898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623898" title="Bembridge School">
Bembridge School

Bembridge School was an independent school in Bembridge on the Isle of Wight founded in 1919 by social reformer and Liberal MP John Howard Whitehouse. Set in over on the easternmost tip of the Isle of Wight Bembridge was a public school intended to challenge the traditional concept of education. Many of the radical ideas first employed by Whitehouse, such as teaching of woodwork, American history and modern languages, were not to become mainstream for half a century. .
From 5 boys sited in what is now known as Old House the school rapidly grew, New House and the Ruskin Galleries and the chapel being built in the 1930s as well as the refectory and library and teaching blocks. By the end of Whitehouse's life there were 264 boys and the school continued to grow and to flourish.
During the Second World War the site was used as a military base by the Army and the school moved to Brantwood House in Coniston, the former home of John Ruskin and owned by the school. The school returned to Bembridge in 1945.
The school was noted for its collection of art, books and memorabilia relating to John Ruskin, the largest of its kind. This included many notable manuscripts and the school was founded on the teachings of Ruskin. This collection is now housed in the Ruskin Library at the University of Lancaster.
The school continued to grow and thrive into the 1990s, over the decades building and acquiring many new buildings including Kilgerran House, the music block, squash courts, the Stedman Sports Hall and additions to the preparatory school and the formation of a popular pre-prep. Bembridge School greatly considered the importance of sports in its students' lives and the grounds contained three cricket pitches including the centre pitch, the largest and perhaps the best fast-bowling wicket in the county, a nine hole golf course, two football/rugby pitches, tennis courts and a hockey pitch. Pupils also had the opportunity to go swimming in the sea, shooting and climb the cliffs at Whitecliff Bay.
Shortly after celebrating the school's 75th anniversary the Education Trust, a hereditary committee with few links to the school, announced their intention to dispose of the school, whilst retaining possession of the valuable Ruskin collection.
History.
Throughout its history two men drove the school's philosophy, founder John Howard Whitehouse and 19th-century art critic and writer John Ruskin. The school's development, particularly during the early years, was visibly shaped by their ideas and even in later years the school never let go of their principles. The school's history spans seven decades and the boys and girls who attended the school seldom fail in later life to retain a sense of the school, or of the philosophy behind it. 
Camp Beaumont, Kingswood Centre, Bembridge Boarding Campus is now run at Bembridge School site.
Early years.
Bembridge opened its doors to the to five pupils in 1919. The school grew quickly and by summer 1920 there were 42, increasing to over 100 by 1924.
John Howard Whitehouse, known as the Warden, left Parliament at the height of his career and as such was able to attract a high calibre of pupil from a number of influential parents. This coupled with his radical approach to education brought much interest from many society figures of the day with whom the Warden was acquainted, many of whom were to be involved in the school. Early visitors to the school included John Masefield, Walter de la Mare, Henry Nevinson and Isaac Foot amongst others.
As the school grew in stature and numbers so it also began to expand out of its initial base in Old House at the bottom of the long drive. This began in 1920 with the building of Culver Cottage, at the Hillway end of the drive and the Gymnasium (later known as The Little Theatre) in 1924. The school entered a phase of rapid building work between 1927 and 1939.
New House was the first to be constructed, the Warden's House and New House being finished in 1927 to which was added the Ruskin Galleries in 1930. Junior House (the "Big Room" and Nansen Dorm) was built in 1929. In 1933 work began on the chapel and the first service was held in Spring 1934. The refectory and library was completed in 1938. By the outbreak of war the school looked similar to how it now appears.
During the early years of the school the boys' were encouraged to join the "School Journeys". These were trips made annually to Europe, starting in 1924 with a trip to Venice. Most interesting of these trips, usually to cultural events such as the Passion Play at Oberammagau, were two trips. The first of which being a visit to meet Fridtjof Nansen in Oslo. Nansen was a leading explorer and The Warden was involved in the restoration of his ship, the Fram. Second was a trip to Rome to meet Mussolini. The Warden had a great respect for the dictator, though he was later to realise his mistake. The boys presented the Italian with paintings by John Ruskin.
Coniston.
As war engulfed Europe life at Bembridge continued, albeit with slight changes; each house had an air-raid shelter and The Royal Artillery were present on Culver Down. The school beach was laid with barbed wire. By summer of 1940 it was decided to move the boys and the school to the Lake District. The Warden had earlier purchased Brantwood, Ruskin's former home, and The Waterhead Hotel was also bought, to boost capacity. Everything at the school, including the large printing presses, moved to the North where the boys quickly settled into their familiar routine.
Life continued at Coniston for several years, the boys being actively involved in "Digging for Victory" and following the course of the war via their radios. An athletics track was constructed, flag poles flew the various house and school flags and the boys started the tradition of regularly climbing the "Old Man", a tradition that generations of Bembridgians would continue to enjoy on what became annual visits to Brantwood in peace time.
In Spring of 1945, the war clearly at its climax in Europe, the school was derequisitioned by the military, who had been stationed there, and handed back to The Warden. The boys returned in the Christmas term and life at Bembridge continued.
Bembridge Old Boys' War Memorials.
The School Chapel has two versions of the War Memorial to Old Bembridgians who died in the Second World War. On the exterior of the building is a stone plaque set into the brickwork, while in the Chapel itself is a wooden plaque. Over the Chapel door is a sculpture representing St George and the dragon.
IN GRATEFUL MEMORY OF THE OLD BOYS
OF THE SCHOOL WHO DIED IN THE SECOND
WORLD WAR THAT FREEDOM MIGHT LIVE
THE STATUE OF ST GEORGE WAS ERECTED TO THEIR MEMORY
THIS TABLET WAS PLACED HERE BY THE OLD BEMBRIDGIANS ASSOCIATION
More details of the Boys whose names are inscribed may be found at Bembridge School War Memorials
Post War.
The Story of Bembridge School was completed in time for the seventy-fifth Anniversary Celebrations in 1994.
Nine months later, just before the summer term, 1995, staff gathered together for their usual meetings. Plans for the year ahead - excursions, new rules, curriculum changes, examination time tables, boarding duties lists - were suddenly forgotten as the Headmaster made a surprise announcement that the school's owners had decided to sell the school.
Once the parents had been informed, there was an energetic response. A committee was established, under the chairmanship of Dr Peter Randall, to investigate various ways of saving Bembridge School. Meetings were held with a representative of the Trustees and the committee believed it could raise the money to take over the school. However, it was announced that an agreement had already been made to sell the whole establishment to Ryde School.
It was announced that Ryde School would continue to run Bembridge as a separate unit, although the successful Dyslexia Department and the Pre-Prep School would cease to function, and the Junior school would no longer operate as a separate entity. By the end of the term, many parents had withdrawn their children.
Some teaching staff remained and, with dedication, led first by Jeremy High and then by Alan Doe, kept something of the old Bembridge School spirit, but for others there was no place. A few were eligible for early retirement. Others had to move from the Island to find employment. Without exception, they were able to obtain positions of authority and status, indicating the high quality of the Bembridge School Staff.
The Ruskin collection that once made Bembridge School unique is now housed at Lancaster University.
Houses.
Old House.
Old House is the only building to predate the school on the current site. Originally called The Old School House it came into The Warden's possession in 1914 and formed the centre of the development of the early school.
The building was extended in 1921 to allow for the dining facilities of the house and balconies constructed in 1932 and 1934.
As the school spread across the site the house was used as a school 'hub' and administrative centre. The large room to the right of the entrance hall becoming the Headmaster's Study with the room to the right becoming the Masters' Common Room.
In 1928 courtyard house was built alongside Old House in the courtyard as a home for various Housemasters (and later Housemistresses). It was first occupied by Edward Dawes, Sub-Warden of the school and most recently by Matron Anne Sutton.
New House.
New House was accorded Listed Building Grade II status in 1994. Ryde School, the new owners of Bembridge School, have continued to use this building with its leaded light windows and sea views.
Nansen.
Nansen House was unusual in that it was did not fall within the Bembridge School grounds and was one of the few buildings that make up the school not to be built by the school. Nansen House, on Howgate Lane, was originally a large family home called Southcliffe. It was acquired by the school in 1958 as accommodation for 20 boys under the first Housemaster, Henry Warren and changed its name to Nansen, in honour of the explorer who was linked to the school, in 1961. It rapidly developed into a larger house with a number of extensions and served generations of boys.
Kilgerran.
Kilgerran House was formally opened by Lord Lloyd of Kilgerran, president of the school, in 1981. The first boys occupied it in the Christmas term. Set at the bottom of the drive Kilgerran is the newest house at Bembridge and overlooks the junior cricket pitches on its northern side and McIver's house to the South. It is set over three floors and built in the school's trademark red brick.
The house and dormitories were refurbished in 1989 and the Nansen Wing (or Sixth Form centre) was added at the East end of the house and looking across the Junior School quadrangle (which was added at the same time) and the refectory.
Kilgerran Housemasters were Richard Warren-Betts, Martin Cooke, Richard Curtis, Anthony Adlam and, most recently, William Leach.
President of the School.
President of the School was an honorary position created by the Warden at the foundation of the school and filled by four incumbents since 1919. The President of the School acted both as an ambassador for the school, as well as a regular visitor and participant in the philosophy of the school and direction of the curriculum.
The first President, later to be named Poet Laureate, was John Masefield. Masefield was followed by writer and academic Dean Inge, known as "The Gloomy Dean". Upon Inge's death economist and social reformer Lord Beveridge was given the position. Beveridge had known the Warden from their time in Government together and had alike political views. He authored the influential Beveridge report which put in place much of framework behind the welfare state, particularly the National Health Service. He took the position in 1954 and served until his death in 1963. He was followed by Lord Lloyd of Kilgerran.
Old Bembridgians.
Old Bembridgians include Ian Mosby (model), Darsie Rawlins (sculptor), Sir Dingle Foot MP (former Solicitor General), Paul Gregory (guitarist), Lord Foot (Parliamentarian), Richard Studt (violinist and conductor), John Brandon-Jones (architect), Sir Robin Day (broadcaster), Dr James Dearden (Ruskin expert), Michael Relph (film maker), Barry Field (former MP for the Isle of Wight), Adrian Beach (painter), General Sir Peter Whiteley (former Royal Marine and Governor of Jersey), John Heath-Stubbs (poet), Patrick Gosling (soap star), Sir Richard Parsons (ambassador and novelist), Laurence Broderick (sculptor) and Andrew Morris (conductor and organist).
The Old Bembridgian Association, founded in 1923, has its President, Sandy Rogers, and the Honorary Secretary, Christopher Holder, deals with all day to day matters.

</doc>
<doc id="9623899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623899" title="Ba'kelalan Airport">
Ba'kelalan Airport

Ba'kelalan Airport is an airport in Ba'kelalan, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9623957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623957" title="Tembang Sunda">
Tembang Sunda

Tembang sunda, also called seni mamaos cianjuran, is a style of classical vocal music that originated in the Sunda Kingdom of highland west Java. Unlike Sundanese gamelan music, tembang sunda was developed in the court of the regent Kabupaten Cianjur during the Dutch colonial period (mid-nineteenth century). The traditional vocal portion is sung free verse poetry, the instrumental accompaniment being performed on kacapi (zither), suling (bamboo flute) and sometimes, rebab (violin). A more modern, and metrical, form of lyrics exists that is called panambih.
Kacapi suling is played to ornament the vocals, and also at interludes between songs at a typical Tembang Sunda performance. The higher pitched kacapi rincik, the lower pitched kacapi indung and the suling flute are the instruments used for kacapi suling. Kacapi suling has instrumental pieces performed in two different scales; the first four in laras pelog convey a light mood, the last four in laras sorog are more slow and grave. The change to laras sorog usually takes place at midnight and lasts til sunrise.

</doc>
<doc id="9623982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623982" title="John Ralston">
John Ralston

John Ralston may refer to:
Also:

</doc>
<doc id="9623994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623994" title="Bario Airport">
Bario Airport

Bario Kelabit Airport is an airport in Bario, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9624017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624017" title="Glen Adams">
Glen Adams

Glen Adams (27 November 1945 – 17 December 2010) was a Jamaican musician, composer, arranger, engineer, producer, based since the mid-1970s in Brooklyn, New York.
Career.
Adams' mother was from Kingston and his father from St. Vincent; the two met while working in Curaçao. Adams' first break in the music business came as a teenager, when he appeared as a singer in a vocal group on Radio Jamaica's "Opportunity Knocks" show hosted by Vere Johns. Later performing on the same show as a solo singer which led to appearances on cabaret shows and performances in Kingston and St. Andrews at weekends. Adams' older sister Yvonne was also a popular singer and he was spotted by Clement "Coxsone" Dodd while rehearsing a song that she had written called "Wonder Thirst". Coxsone took him into the Federal Recording Studio to record the track in 1960. Although not officially released as a single at the time, the song became a popular dub plate on sound systems, and the title of the song became his nickname.
Adams formed a duo, Ken and Glen, with Ken Boothe and they came second place in the 1966 Festival Song Competition with "I Remember". The duo also backed Stranger Cole on his number one single "Uno Dos Tres". He co-founded The Heptones before moving on to The Pioneers, appearing on the latter's "Shake It Up" and "Good Nanny". While continuing to earn a living as a tailor, he moved on to work with Duke Reid's Treasure Isle set-up as an informal musical director, introducing singers such as Joe White to Reid.
Adams also worked with Bunny Lee from around 1967 as a solo singer, backing singer and A&R man, in exchange for studio time. At a recording session in October 1968, when several musicians failed to turn up due to a dispute about payment for a previous session, Adams was asked to play piano, despite not being proficient on the instrument. Unhappy with the results, he switched instruments with organist Lloyd Charmers (although he had never played the organ before). He played organ on eight tracks in that session, which included Lester Sterling's "Bangarang" and Slim Smith's "Everybody Needs Love" and he has stuck with the instrument ever since, becoming a regular session player. Along with other musicians such as the Barrett brothers (Aston and Carlton), he performed in sessions for a range of producers under a variety of group names notably The Hippy Boys for Bunny Lee, where Adams did some of his most memorable work accompanying Slim Smith, The Reggae Boys and The Upsetters for Lee "Scratch" Perry. Adams also worked for Herman Chin Loy, where he was one of a number of keyboard players to record under the name Augustus Pablo, before Horace Swaby adopted that identity.
Perry and The Upsetters toured the United Kingdom to capitalise on the success of Perry's hit "Return Of Django" (and the less successful follow-up, "Live Injection"); returning to Jamaica in 1970. As part of The Upsetters, Adams backed The Wailers during their spell with Perry and Adams did much of the arranging and composed the song "Mr. Brown". The lyrics were inspired by a local tale about a duppy who was supposedly seen speeding around on a three-wheeled coffin with two "John Crows" (buzzards) on top, one of which would ask for "Mr. Brown". Adams was due to record the track himself but Perry suggested that the Wailers record it, with Peter Tosh and Adams adding spooky organ riffs. Adams regularly introduced this song at his concerts with the statement: "I wrote this song for Bob Marley". When The Wailers parted company with Perry in 1971 taking The Upsetter's rhythm section with them, Adams remained with Perry. During this period he had also started to split his time between Jamaica and the United States. In the United States he set up his own "Capo" record label and put together a new band, the Blue Grass Experience. He eventually moved to Brooklyn permanently in 1975, where he became more involved in producing and also worked for Brad Osbourne's Clocktower and Lloyd Barnes' Bullwackie labels and played with The Realistics band.
In the late 1970s, Adams expanded into R&B and Rap production, working with hip hop artist T Ski Valley. He has also worked with Shaggy and remixed an album of previously-unreleased Upsetters material in 1996, released by Heartbeat Records as "Upsetters a Go Go".
After many years in the studio, Adams returned to live performance in the 2000s, touring the USA and Europe with The Slackers and also playing occasional NYC shows with the Jammyland All-Stars.
Adams owned his own recording studio and in his later years produced artists such as Susan Cadogan and Keith Rowe, half of the vocal duo Keith & Tex from Jamaica.
Glen Adams died on 17 December 2010 at the University Hospital of the West Indies after falling ill while visiting Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="9624032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624032" title="Belaga Airport">
Belaga Airport

Belaga Airport is an airport in Belaga, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.
Airlines and destinations.
Following the takeover routes by MASwings from FlyAsianXpress, the Bintulu-Belaga route has been ceased.

</doc>
<doc id="9624036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624036" title="Netmarble">
Netmarble

Incidents.
In March 2010, a couple in Suwon, South Korea were arrested for allegedly neglecting their three-month-old premature daughter, resulting in her death by starvation. South Korean police said the couple fed her once a day between twelve hour sessions at an Internet cafe at which they played Netmarble's "Prius Online". According to police, the couple became obsessed with nurturing and caring for a virtual girl within the game named Anima while their daughter starved to death.

</doc>
<doc id="9624073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624073" title="Zafar-Nameh">
Zafar-Nameh

Zafar-Nameh, (Persian ظفرنامه, Zafar-nāmé, "the Book of Victory") is an epic poem written by the Persian poet Hamdollah Mostowfi (d. 1334). The epic history, compiled in 75,000 couplets, explores Iranian history from the Arab conquest to the Mongols.

</doc>
<doc id="9624108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624108" title="New York Liberties">
New York Liberties

The New York Liberties were one of six teams in the Major League Volleyball franchise. The league began in 1987 and ended short of completing a full season in 1989. Players consisted of former collegiate All Americans and Olympians. 
Results.
The Liberties placed 3rd in 1987 and 4th in 1988.
Coaching.
The Liberties were led by legend and Hall of Fame player/coach Mary Jo Peppler who was the setter in 1987 and for most of 1988 except in a few matches in which former Olympian and later beach player/partner Karolyn Kirby filled in. 
Former players.
Players for this team were: Jo Ellen Vrazel (RS)(88-89); April Chappel (OH) (1987); Sandy Aughinbaugh (OH) (87-88); Karolyn Kirby (OH) (replaced Chappel in 1987-88); Wendy Stevenson S/Def. Specialist)(87-88); Laura Smith (MB); Ellen Crandal Orner (MB)(1988); Ellen Bugalski (MB)(1987); Nina Mathies (1988); Lira Vance (1988);

</doc>
<doc id="9624116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624116" title="Djibo Leyti Kâ">
Djibo Leyti Kâ

Djibo Leyti Kâ (born February 21, 1948) is a Senegalese politician and the Secretary-General of the Union for Democratic Renewal (URD). He was a prominent minister under President Abdou Diouf from 1981 to 1995 and founded the URD in 1998 after splitting from Diouf's Socialist Party (PS). From 2004 to 2012, he again served in the government under President Abdoulaye Wade; for part of that time he was Minister of State in charge of the Environment, the Protection of Nature, Retention Basins and Artificial Lakes.
Career.
Kâ was born in Thiarny, located in Louga Region. He was Deputy Governor of Saint-Louis Region from 1975 to 1976, then Technical Adviser and Deputy Director of the Cabinet of President Leopold Sedar Senghor from 1976 to 1977. From 1978 to 1980, he was Director of the Cabinet of the President. When Abdou Diouf succeeded Senghor as President, Kâ became a member of the government; he was Minister of Communications from January 1981 to April 1988 (and was additionally responsible for relations with the assemblies from 1983 to 1988), Minister of Planning and Cooperation from 1988 to 1990, and Minister of National Education from 1990 to 1991. On April 8, 1991, he became Minister of Foreign Affairs, serving in that position until June 1, 1993; he was then moved to the position of Minister of State for the Interior, serving in that position until March 1995, when he was dismissed from the government.
Kâ subsequently formed the Renewal Movement within the governing Socialist Party (PS) to seek internal party reforms, and this move seriously divided the PS in late 1997. The PS steering committee rejected the formation of the Movement, and President Diouf expressed agreement with the steering committee's decision. Subsequently, on November 19, 1997, Kâ and ten other leading members of the Movement were suspended from the PS for three months by the party's Political Bureau. Kâ and his supporters were publicly denounced by the party in March 1998 and resigned from the party in early April 1998. The government also restricted him from travelling outside of Senegal, but the actions taken against him had the effect of raising his national profile greatly, and he was thus able to find more candidates to run alongside him in the May 1998 parliamentary election. His newly formed Union for Democratic Renewal (URD) received about 13% of the vote and won eleven seats in the National Assembly in that election. Kâ was one of the successful URD candidates, and he was President of the Democracy and Freedoms Parliamentary Group in the National Assembly from July 1998 to January 2001; he also became Secretary-General of URD in July 1998.
Kâ ran as the URD candidate in the February 2000 presidential election, placing fourth with about 7.1% of the vote. He initially supported the opposition candidate, Abdoulaye Wade, for the second round, but then switched his support to Diouf a few days before the second round was held, following a televised appeal from Diouf for Kâ's support. There was speculation that Diouf would appoint Kâ as Prime Minister if he was re-elected, but Wade defeated Diouf in the run-off, which was held on March 19.
In the April 2001 parliamentary election, Kâ was re-elected to the National Assembly through national list proportional representation as an URD candidate. Following that election, he became President of the Justice, Democracy, Culture, and Communication Commission in the National Assembly. President Wade later appointed Kâ to the government as Minister of State in charge of Maritime Economy and International Maritime Transport on April 21, 2004. He and the URD supported Wade's bid for re-election in the February 2007 presidential election, and Kâ claimed that his party made a decisive contribution to Wade's victory in the first round.
In the June 2007 parliamentary election, Kâ was elected to the National Assembly on a departmental list of the Sopi Coalition. On July 5, 2007, Kâ's ministerial portfolio was changed from Maritime Economy and International Maritime Transport to the Environment, the Protection of Nature, Retention Basins and Artificial Lakes; he retained the rank of Minister of State. Kâ, speaking in the National Assembly on August 8, 2007, urged the creation of an African coalition to work against the effects of rising sea levels caused by global warming.
Wade was defeated by opposition candidate Macky Sall in the February–March 2012 presidential election, and Kâ lost his government post when Sall succeeded Wade in April 2012. The parties that had supported Wade performed poorly in the July 2012 parliamentary election, but Kâ nevertheless managed to win a seat. He decided not to join any parliamentary group in the National Assembly, sitting as a "non-inscrit". Once again in opposition, Kâ was scathing in his criticism of President Sall.

</doc>
<doc id="9624131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624131" title="Alvin Smith">
Alvin Smith

Alvin Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9624172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624172" title="Love Restored">
Love Restored

Love Restored was a Jacobean era masque, written by Ben Jonson; it was performed on Twelfth Night, 6 January 1612, and first published in 1616. The Dictionary of National Biography says of the masque, "This vindication of love from wealth is a defense of the court revels against the strictures of the puritan city."
Compared to Jonson's previous masques for the Stuart Court, "Love Restored" was unusual in several respects. "Love Restored" could be called a "budget" masque, in that its total bill was only in the hundreds of pounds rather than the thousands; specifically, it cost only £280. In this it was different from Jonson's earlier masques like "The Masque of Blackness" and others, though similar to the immediately preceding masque, "Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly." Even more unusually, "Love Restored" was staged without the participation of Inigo Jones, who had designed the costumes, sets, and stage effects of the prior masques. Aristocratic amateurs of the Court danced ten roles, personifications of Honour, Courtesy, Valour, etc. Speaking parts were filled by "the King's Servants," professional actors of the King's Men. 
The masque is dominated by a long conversation among Robin Goodfellow and other mythical figures. "Masquerado," the presenter, apologizes for the lack of music and the generally meager values of the presentation. Plutus, the god of wealth, is pretending to be Cupid, and Robin exposes him and offers to lead Masquerado to the real god. Robin also narrates the difficulties he had in gaining entry to the masque — he had to "go through more than forty disguises" in his attempt to get in — a passage that has been taken to indicate the tactics that people actually employed to gain entry to masque performances in the era.
The text of the masque was published in the first folio collection of Jonson's works in 1616, and was reprinted in the second folio of 1640 and in later collections.

</doc>
<doc id="9624213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624213" title="NEStimulator">
NEStimulator

NEStimulator is an NES emulator written by game programmers Gustavo Restrepo and Igor Todorovski of Overmind Games. The current version is 0.2.

</doc>
<doc id="9624254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624254" title="Reforma (disambiguation)">
Reforma (disambiguation)

Reforma, the Spanish word meaning reform, has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="9624260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624260" title="Lodge-Philbin Act">
Lodge-Philbin Act

The Lodge-Philbin Act was a U.S. federal law, passed on 30 June 1950, which allowed for the recruiting of foreign nationals into a military force fighting under the command of the U.S. Armed Forces. The Act permitted initially up to 2,500 non-resident aliens (later expanded to allow up to 12,500) to enlist. If they successfully served five years with an honorable discharge they were guaranteed U.S. citizenship.
The Act was pushed through Congress by Massachusetts Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr. during the Cold War, looking especially for recruits from Eastern Europe (the Soviet Bloc) to form infiltration units working in that part of the world. More than 200 Eastern Europeans qualified before the Act expired in 1959. No German nationals or citizens of countries of the Marshall Plan or of NATO were eligible.
Members of this force who died during active service or from injuries or illness during active service - and were inducted or sent to U.S. territory at least once - were entitled to posthumous citizenship. Applications could be filed as recently as November 2004 (or within 2 years of their death).
For comparison, note that during World War II, foreigners who served just three years were entitled to citizenship.
The military was not interested in recruiting on a large scale from overseas. President Dwight Eisenhower is quoted in a 1951 "Time Magazine" article as saying, "When Rome went out and hired mercenary soldiers, Rome fell."

</doc>
<doc id="9624289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624289" title="DirecTV">
DirecTV

DirecTV is an American direct broadcast satellite service provider and broadcaster based in El Segundo, California. Its satellite service, launched on June 17, 1994, transmits digital satellite television and audio to households in the United States, Latin America and the Caribbean. Its primary competitors are Dish Network and cable television providers. It was announced on May 18, 2014, that DirecTV may possibly be acquired by AT&T, Inc., in a transaction valued at $48.5 billion that is subject to federal approval.
General information.
DirecTV provides television and audio services to subscribers through satellite transmissions. Services include the equivalent of many local television stations, broadcast television networks, subscription television services, satellite radio services, and private video services. Subscribers have access to hundreds of channels, so its competitors are cable television service and other satellite-based services.
Most subscribers use reception antennas which are much smaller than the first generation antennas, which were typically a few yards (meters) across. Advances in antenna technology, including fractal antennas, have allowed a general reduction in antenna size across all industries and applications. Receiving equipment includes a satellite dish, an integrated receiver/decoder and a DirecTV access card, which is necessary to operate the receiver/decoder.
Consumers who purchase DirecTV subscribe to various packages of DirecTV programming for which the subscriber pays a monthly fee. Additional monthly fees may include a protection plan (which provides for repair or replacement of consumer-leased equipment from damages caused by lightning, power surges, floods, etc.), DVR, additional receivers, HD channels, and other premium channel packages. A subscriber also can order pay-per-view and video on demand events and movies. DirecTV contracts with and pays program providers such as cable networks, motion picture distributors, sports leagues, event promoters, and other programming rights holders, for the right to distribute their programming to its subscribers. All programming distributed by DirecTV is delivered to its broadcast centers in Castle Rock, Colorado, and Los Angeles, where it is then digitized and compressed. The resulting signal is encrypted by DirecTV to prevent its unauthorized reception. DirecTV then transmits these signals to several satellites located in geostationary orbit.
As of the quarter (Q3) ended September 30, 2012, DirecTV U.S. had 19.981 million subscribers and revenues for the quarter of US$5.769 billion. For the same period, DirecTV Latin America ended with 9.666 million subscribers and revenues of US$1.577 billion.
In addition to serving residences, DirecTV offers service to bars, restaurants, hotels, dorms, and hospitals through their DirecTV for business service. The company also offered mobile service for cars, boats, and RVs (DirecTV Mobile) as well as aircraft (DirecTV Airborne) in cooperation with Connexion by Boeing.
Assets.
DirecTV owns regional sports networks Root Sports Pittsburgh, Root Sports Northwest, Root Sports Rocky Mountain, and Root Sports Utah (all under the umbrella of DirecTV Sports Networks). DirecTV also owns minority shares of Game Show Network and MLB Network.
DirecTV also publishes "Satellite Direct", a monthly print program guide.
Exclusive channels and packages.
DirecTV has its own exclusive general entertainment channel called Audience Network, and an exclusive 3DTV channel called n3D. DirecTV is also the exclusive U.S. rights holder to sports package NFL Sunday Ticket. DirecTV also exclusively carries the "DirecTV Experience", which includes bonus coverage of Men's Majors Golf Tournaments and Grand Slam Tennis Tournaments, including live feeds not available on other networks such as CBS, NBC, ESPN, Golf Channel and Tennis Channel, that cover the events. DirecTV was also the exclusive provider of defunct sports packages NASCAR Hot Pass and Mega March Madness.
History.
Origins.
In 1953, Howard Hughes created the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI), to which he transferred full ownership of Hughes Aircraft. Ostensibly created as a non-profit medical research foundation, HHMI was accused of being used by Hughes as a tax shelter. Following Hughes' death in 1976, HHMI was incorporated in 1977, and litigation ensued to determine whether it would be allowed to maintain its interest in Hughes Aircraft. In 1984, the court appointed a new board for HHMI, which proceeded to sell off Hughes Aircraft to General Motors on December 20, 1985, for an estimated $5.2 billion. General Motors then merged Hughes Aircraft with its subsidiary Delco Electronics to create Hughes Electronics Corporation. The new subsidiary was initially composed of four units: Delco Electronics Company, Hughes Aircraft Company, Hughes Space and Communications Company, and Hughes Network Systems.
Stanley E. Hubbard founded United States Satellite Broadcasting (USSB) in 1981 and was a leading proponent for the development of direct-broadcast satellite service in the United States. USSB was awarded five frequencies by the FCC, at the coveted 101 degree west satellite location. Hughes Communications, Inc. was also awarded 27 frequencies at the same 101-degree location. After many years, the technology was developed to enable the building of very high-power satellites, and digital compression (MPEG-2) standards were developed that allowed multiple digital television channels to be sent through each satellite frequency.
After Hughes failed to complete a joint venture with NBC, News Corp., and Cablevision, in 1990, to launch the first high-power digital television service called Sky Cable, the company created DirecTV as a separate division and secured an agreement with USSB to build and launch the first high-power direct-broadcast satellite system. DirecTV's name is a portmanteau of "direct" and "TV" (as in direct broadcast satellite television). Hughes/DirecTV then turned to Thomson Consumer Electronics (under the RCA brand) to develop the digital satellite system for the service that would be capable of receiving 175 channels on a small 18-inch dish. These dishes utilized a new generation of smaller, lighter receiver dishes based on military technology introduced by the Global Broadcast System, which predated DirecTV's viability by almost ten years. Hughes was awarded the contract to build and launch the new high-powered satellites, and USSB and DirecTV agreed that the new satellites would carry the two separate programming services: USSB and DirecTV.
On June 17, 1994, the USSB and DirecTV programming services were launched. Digital Equipment Corporation provided the hardware for DirecTV, Matrixx Marketing (part of Cincinnati Bell) provided customer care via the Matrixx Plus department, and DBS Systems created the billing software. In December 1998, DirecTV acquired USSB for $1.3 billion, and combined the two satellite services. In 1999, DirecTV acquired PrimeStar, a competitor in the satellite television industry, for $1.83 billion, dramatically increasing its share of the satellite television market in the US.
In September 1996, Hughes purchased 70% of PanAmSat for $3 billion. In 1997, GM spun off Delco Electronics from Hughes and transferred it to Delphi Automotive Systems. That same year, Hughes Aircraft was sold to Raytheon for $9.5 billion. Raytheon filed a lawsuit in 1999 accusing Hughes of overstating the value of Hughes Aircraft by $1 billion. A $635.5-million settlement was reached in 2001. In 2000, Hughes Space and Communications was sold to Boeing for $3.75 billion, which it later claimed had also been overvalued by Hughes. Hughes later settled with Boeing for $360 million. These sales left DirecTV, PanAmSat and Hughes Network Systems as the remaining components of Hughes Electronics.
In September 2000, GM executives, under pressure from GM's shareholders as a result of its poor performance and the substantially greater market worth of Hughes, authorized Hughes executives to begin seeking buyers. In 2001, News Corporation began negotiations to acquire Hughes Electronics in a deal worth $8 billion, which would allow News Corp. to expand its Sky Global Networks satellite television operations into the United States. Negotiations with News Corp. ultimately failed, and Hughes entered into an agreement on October 28, 2001 to be purchased for $26 billion by EchoStar, owner of Dish Network. However, the deal attracted significant opposition from the Department of Justice and the Federal Communications Commission due to antitrust concerns, leading the two companies to withdraw the agreement in December 2002. As part of the merger agreement, EchoStar was required to pay Hughes $600 million due to the failure of the merger.
On April 9, 2003, News Corporation agreed to purchase a 34% controlling interest in Hughes, including GM's entire share of the company, for $6.6 billion, subject to SEC approval. As part of the financing for the deal, Liberty Media agreed to take a $500-million option of stock in News Corporation that would be exercised upon the closing of the deal. Liberty, the second-largest shareholder in News Corp. after the Murdoch family with 18%, had originally planned to bid for DirecTV, but opted not to upon the agreement. The SEC voted 3-2 along party lines on December 19, 2003 to approve the deal subject to conditions, forcing News Corp. to agree to arbitration for all disputes with carriers of its media broadcasters, and to provide content through DirecTV neutrally rather than favoring its own networks.
Becoming a standalone entity.
In February 2004, Hughes announced its intent to focus solely on its satellite television operations and divest its other interests, renaming itself The DirecTV Group, Inc. on March 16, 2004 and changing its ticker symbol from "HS" to "DTV". In April of that year, it sold its controlling interest in PanAmSat to a private consortium led by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts for $3.53 billion. On April 22, 2005, DirecTV spun off Hughes Network Systems into a separate entity and sold 50% of the new entity to SkyTerra, acquiring $157.4 million in the transaction. In January 2006, DirecTV sold its remaining 50% share in Hughes Network Systems to SkyTerra for $100 million. The sale effectively ended DirecTV's 20-year existence through Hughes Electronics as a technology conglomerate, leaving it solely with its satellite television services.
In 2004, DirecTV abandoned the Mexican market, though it maintained 41% ownership of Sky Mexico. On November 15, 2005, DirecTV stopped carrying Music Choice audio-only channels, replacing it with 73 channels of XM Satellite Radio. In 2007, DirecTV abandoned the Brazilian market, with the customers being migrated to the 74% DirecTV-owned Brazilian affiliate of SKY Brasil. On October 15, 2007, DirecTV announced that they had 70 national high-definition channels available, with up to 100 coming by year end. On October 3, 2008, DirecTV announced that it would offer HD local channels in 121 markets by year end.
In December 2006, News Corporation announced its intention to transfer its 38.5% controlling interest in The DirecTV Group, three regional Fox Sports Net stations and $550 million cash to Liberty Media in exchange for Liberty's 19% interest in News Corp., giving the Murdoch family tighter control of the latter firm. The deal, valued at $11 billion, was approved by News Corp. shareholders in April 2007. Following revisions that increased the cash offer to $625 million in exchange for a reduction of Liberty's divested interest in News Corp. to 16%, the swap was completed on February 27, 2008 following FCC approval. One condition placed by the FCC on the deal was that Liberty divest either its DirecTV operations or Liberty Global's cable operations in Puerto Rico, which Liberty fulfilled by placing DirecTV's Puerto Rican operations in a trust.
On May 4, 2009, Liberty announced that it would split off Liberty Entertainment, Inc., a subsidiary of Liberty owning the three FSN channels acquired under the swap with News Corp. and Liberty's 65% interest in Game Show Network, into a separate company to be merged with The DirecTV Group, reducing Liberty owner John Malone's stake in DirecTV to 24%. The merger was completed on November 19, 2009, with The DirecTV Group and Liberty Entertainment becoming subsidiaries of a new company named DirecTV. On June 16, 2010, Malone exchanged his preferred stock in DirecTV with equivalent amounts of common stock, reducing his voting interest in the company from 24% to 3%, with Malone resigning as Chairman and ending his managerial role at DirecTV.
On Feb 9, 2010, DirecTV dropped Sirius XM Radio and replaced the channel lineup with Sonic Tap audio stations. On April 1, 2011, DirecTV announced it would be renaming its three FSN channels as Root Sports, though the channels are still affiliated with FSN.
Possible Acquisition by AT&T.
On May 18, 2014, following earlier reports that they were negotiating an offer, AT&T announced that it will purchase DirecTV. In the deal, which has been approved by boards of both companies, DirecTV stockholders will receive $95 a share in cash and stock, valuing the deal at $48.5 billion. Including assumed debt, the total purchase price is about $67.1 billion. The deal is aimed at increasing AT&T's market share in the pay-TV sector; its existing U-Verse brand has modest market share (5.7 million users compared to DirecTV's 20 million US customers as of 2014) and operates in only 22 states. It will also give AT&T access to fast-growing Latin American markets, where DirecTV has 18 million subscribers. Additionally, the purchase will allow the AT&T to offer TV through both fiber-optic lines and satellites by maintaining the DirecTV brand as a separate subsidiary, and give the company greater flexibility in creating TV/phone/Internet bundles. 
The deal will face regulatory approval by the FCC, the U.S. Department of Justice, and some Latin American governments. It is expected to take about 12 months to complete. It is contingent on the combined company's ability to renew its exclusive rights to carry the NFL Sunday Ticket service beyond the 2015 NFL season on "substantially the terms discussed between the parties."
Notable carriage disputes.
Like other television providers, DirecTV has had its fair share of recent carriage disputes with networks and/or broadcast companies, most of which were resolved, except some with competitor Comcast.
Versus.
On August 18, 2009, DirecTV informed its customers that it would drop Versus (now NBCSN) after August 31, 2009 if a new carriage agreement wasn't made with the network's owners Comcast.
DirecTV dropped the channel at midnight on September 1, replacing it with the message "Versus is no longer available on this channel. Comcast, which owns Versus, has forced us to take down the channel because we will not submit to their unfair and outrageous demands. For more information go to directv.com/versus."
After a series of attack ads by both sides, on March 15, 2010 an agreement was reached between the sides and Versus returned to DirecTV's lineup. The channel was returned to its original package on the service, Choice Xtra.
G4.
DirecTV announced that it was removing G4 (another Comcast-owned channel) from its lineup on November 1, 2010. In its decision to drop G4, DirecTV cited low interest among their subscriber base and low Nielsen Ratings as the primary reasons for dropping the channel. DirecTV commented that they were "...unable to reach an agreement to continue carrying the G4 channel and it has been removed from the DirecTV channel lineup." The dispute was never resolved.
YES Network.
On March 31, 2011, the first day of the 2011 Major League Baseball season, New York City-based regional sports network YES Network (cable home of the New York Yankees and New Jersey Nets) informed DirecTV customers of a pending carriage dispute, which would have resulted in a loss of the channel beginning April 2. After a week of good faith negotiations and a temporary agreement that allowed the channel to remain on DirecTV for another six days, a new long-term carriage agreement was reached on April 7, 2011 with no interruption of service.
News Corporation.
On October 19, 2011, DirecTV informed its customers it may remove the News Corporation-owned channels FX, National Geographic Channel, Speed, MundoFox, Fuel TV, Fox Soccer, Fox Soccer Plus, Fox Movie Channel, Fox Deportes, BabyTV and the 19 Fox Sports Net channels on November 1 if a new carriage agreement wasn't reached by that date. DirecTV claimed News Corporation wanted 40% more than its previous carriage agreement, which News Corporation denied. DirecTV also filed a complaint with the FCC Media Bureau about News Corporation's false claims that Fox owned and operated local broadcast stations were part of the dispute. The dispute was resolved on October 31, 2011, with no losses of any channels. The new carriage agreement also covers Fox News Channel, Fox Business Network, Nat Geo Wild, and Fox owned and operated local broadcast stations.
Belo Corporation.
On October 13, 2011 it was announced that DirecTV and Belo Corp. were in a carriage dispute regarding rates. ABC affiliates WFAA in Dallas, Texas, KVUE in Austin, Texas, CBS affiliates KHOU in Houston, Texas, KMOV in St. Louis, Missouri, WWL-TV in New Orleans, Louisiana, Fox affiliate KMSB in Tucson, Arizona and 11 other local stations would have been affected. Belo claimed it had tried for months to reach a solid agreement with DirecTV that would keep their stations on their lineups for years to come, but to no avail. If a new agreement wasn't made by November 1, Belo would have been forced to pull their stations off DirecTV's lineup. In response, DirecTV said they were negotiating in good faith and that Belo's TV commercials about the dispute "are nothing more than a routine approach to try and gain leverage in negotiations. DirecTV customers should ignore Belo’s scare tactics and enjoy their DirecTV service as they always have." Like the above disputes with YES Network and News Corporation, a new last-minute carriage agreement was reached on October 31, 2011 with no losses of any stations.
Sunbeam Television.
At midnight on January 14, 2012, Sunbeam Television shut down its link between Sunbeam and DirecTV after talks to increase the retransmission fees paid to Fox-affiliated WSVN in Miami–Fort Lauderdale, NBC-affiliated WHDH-TV and The CW-affiliated WLVI in Boston by a reported 300% failed. The effect of this dispute affected an estimated 230,000 customers in the South Florida area. The dispute was resolved between Sunbeam and DirecTV with those local channels being restored to those affected customers at 6pm on January 26.
Tribune Broadcasting.
On April 1, 2012, DirecTV lost Tribune Broadcasting-owned stations in 19 markets as well as cable channel WGN America since a new carriage deal wasn't reached by midnight on March 31. The channels were restored less than a week later on April 4 after a new deal was reached.
Diversified Communications.
On June 5, 2012, DirecTV removed WABI-TV/Bangor, Maine (which carries CBS and The CW), and WCJB-TV/Gainesville, Florida (which carries ABC and The CW) after it failed to reach a carriage deal with their owner Diversified Communications, claiming the company wants 300% more than their previous retransmission consent agreement. The channels returned as of 8 p.m. June 28, 2012, after an agreement was reached.
Viacom.
On July 9, 2012, DirecTV announced that Viacom might remove access to all 17 of its networks (along with high definition feeds of certain networks) that are available on the satellite provider (including MTV and spinoff networks MTV2, Tr3s and Palladia; Nickelodeon/Nick at Nite and spinoff networks TeenNick, Nick Jr. and Nicktoons; VH1 and spinoff network VH1 Classic, Comedy Central, CMT, BET and spinoff network Centric, Spike, TV Land and Logo) if a new carriage agreement was not reached by midnight ET on July 10, 2012. Following the removal of its channels, Viacom claimed that DirecTV made the decision to drop its channels. DirecTV made the following claim on their website: "Viacom is pushing DirecTV customers to pay more than a 30 percent increase, which equates to an extra $1 billion, despite the fact that the ratings for many of their main networks have plummeted and much of Viacom’s programming can be seen for free online." Viacom made the following claim on their website: "DirecTV is throwing around some big numbers that are misleading…Viacom is asking DirecTV for an increase of a couple of pennies per day per subscriber. That's far less than DirecTV pays other programmers with fewer viewers than Viacom." On July 10, 2012 at 11:45 p.m. ET, DirecTV stopped carrying the Viacom networks, and displayed the following message displayed on each of the affected channels:
Viacom, the owner of this channel, forced DirecTV to suspend it despite our many requests to keep it on. We are working to bring it back as soon as possible without an unfair increase to your bill. Disruptions like this are brief. Go to DirecTVPromise.com for the latest info.
On July 11, 2012, in a counter response to DirecTV advising its subscribers to view original programming from the affected networks online, Viacom blocked access to recent episodes of their original programming on the websites of the affected networks. Shorter programme clips were still available. Viacom representatives described the action as a "temporary slimdown" until a new carriage deal with DirecTV is reached, claiming that the online episodic streaming content was intended to serve as a marketing tool for its distribution partners.
DirecTV and Viacom reached a seven-year agreement in the early morning hours of July 20, 2012, and Viacom channels were restored to DirecTV subscribers. Digital rights were included as part of the agreement, making Viacom content available on DirecTV Everywhere. In addition, DirecTV has an option to carry Viacom's Epix movie channel, but is not required to carry it. The financial terms of the agreement were not officially disclosed, but it was reported that DirecTV will pay Viacom $600 million per year, an increase of at least 20 percent.
Sinclair Broadcast Group (SBG).
On February 18, 2013, Sinclair Broadcast Group announced that they were involved in a carriage dispute with DirecTV. This dispute was solved with the two companies making a deal on February 28, 2013.
Comcast SportsNet affiliates.
"See also: Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia#Satellite carriage controversy, Comcast SportsNet Houston#Carriage controversies, and Comcast SportsNet Northwest#Carriage controversies"
DirecTV failed to reach carriage agreements with Comcast SportsNet affiliates Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia, Comcast SportsNet Houston, and Comcast SportsNet Northwest due to pricing, technical, and legal issues.
The Weather Channel.
On January 14, 2014, DirecTV announced that The Weather Channel (TWC) was removed from its channel lineup, due to a carriage dispute over pricing, and later replaced by WeatherNation TV. On April 8, 2014, TWC was added back to the channel lineup, due to a compromise that required The Weather Channel to remove reality shows from its daytime lineup and replace them with traditional weather forecasts.
Receivers.
In the past, receivers were manufactured by DirecTV and other companies. Other companies' DirecTV receivers have been phased out and DirecTV now designs their own models with companies such as Pace Micro Technology of Britain, LG of South Korea, and Thomson of France. DirecTV and TiVo announced on September 3, 2008, that they will work together to develop a version of the TiVo service for DirecTV's broadband-enabled HD DVR platform. Originally scheduled to launch in the second half of 2009, it was expected to be available in spring 2010 but delayed again. It was finally released on December 6, 2011. The new unit, model THR22, is now available in select markets. The THR22 DVR does not have all the features of the HR24 DVRs.
DirecTV typically uses a fixed dish antenna to receive its signals. Traditionally an 18×24-inch elliptical was used; however, most new installations use an 18×20-inch antenna to receive signals from three geostationary satellite positions simultaneously. These systems are becoming more common as DirecTV attempts to squeeze more programming onto its growing systems. DTV is now installing a dish that has five LNBs for HDTV programming and local channels in selected markets. These systems receive signals from up to five separate satellites in both the and . After the new satellite, DirecTV 11, is fully operational, DirecTV will stop supplying dual, triple, and five-LNB dishes to all customers and move to supplying a three-LNB Ka/Ku dish known as the Slimline3. This dish will see orbital locations 99, 101, and 103 degrees West. The Slimline3 will be the new standard install dish (for HD and SD programming), while the five-LNB Slimline will be used for installs in areas that receive local or international programming from orbital locations 110 or 119. The Slimline3 looks nearly identical to its predecessor, aside from a smaller LNB.
The new DirecTV HD channels require an H20/HR20 or H21/HR21/HR22/HR23/H24/HR24 set top box (STB). In order to receive the new HD channels (channels added after September 2007), all HD receivers except the HR23 must have a B-Band converter installed. If the converter is not installed, viewers can only receive older HD channels (channels 70–99). The B-Band Converter (BBC) is also not required with the new Single Wire Multiswitch (SWM or SWiM) system, which preselects the satellite and transponder tuning and can feed up to 8 tuners via a single coaxial cable. The "HR" moniker designates the receiver as a HD digital video recorder (DVR) model.
Only the H20/HR20 support direct reception of over-the-air ATSC broadcasts. The H21/HR21/HR22/HR23/H24/HR24 receivers do not have a built in ATSC tuner, but the AM21 external tuner is available. In addition, there is HDMI support for HDTVs with an HDMI port. New STBs also support MPEG-4 standard for HD *Programming. DirecTV also offers the AM21 (an ATSC add-on for the HR21), the HR21-Pro (an HD-DVR with 100 hours HD or 400 hours SD recording capacity), and an online DVR scheduler.
Even with the new receivers DirecTV does not offer 1080p on any channels except Pay-Per-View channels and DirecTV on Demand.
DirecTV has introduced a new line of remotes to go with their new receivers.
Former remotes sold by DirecTV that still work for their receivers.
Access card history.
DirecTV transmits programming with encryption to mitigate signal piracy. The receiver (also known as an IRD, or "integrated receiver-decoder") utilizes ISO/IEC 7816 smart cards which tell the receiver how to decrypt the programming for viewing. In a continuing effort to combat piracy, an access card generation is created approximately every two years, superseding the old set. DirecTV is now utilizing a fifth generation of access cards.
DirecTV has battled with an active signal piracy underground for many years. One infamous event that temporarily hampered pirates was known as 'Black Sunday', which took place one week before Super Bowl Sunday in 2001. Hackers saw a string of software updates starting in late 2000 that seemed harmless, but included code that once complete searched for and destroyed 98% of hacked smart cards. Hacks continued after that event. On its anti-piracy website, DirecTV claims to have sued over 25,000 end users, including celebrity O.J. Simpson.
High-definition television (HDTV).
Like its competitors, DirecTV offers high-definition television (HDTV) and interactive services.
To handle the proliferation of bandwidth-intensive HDTV broadcasting, DirecTV rebroadcasts local HDTV stations using the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC codec while employing a newer transmission protocol (DVB-S2) over the newer satellites. This allows DirecTV to squeeze much more HD programming over its satellite signal than was previously feasible using the older MPEG-2 compression and DSS protocol it has been using. This technology will be gradually expanded to the existing satellites as customer equipment is replaced with new MPEG-4-capable receivers.
Receiving the channels encoded in MPEG-4 requires newer receivers, such as the H20 as well as the 5-LNB Ka/Ku dish. DirecTV has contracted with Britain's Pace Micro Technology, Korea's LG Electronics and France's Thomson to manufacture these new receivers. Pace manufactures the DirecTV Plus HD DVR (Model HR20-700, and HR21-700) and LG Electronics offers the Model H20-600 receiver, while Thomson provides the Model H20-100 and HR20-100 DVR receivers. DirecTV has admitted to software issues with some of the H20 receivers and HR20 DVRs, which have been plagued with random problems since they were released in mid-2006. DirecTV regularly released software updates for the HR20 receivers, in an effort to reduce issues to an acceptable level.
DirecTV has phased out its original TiVo-branded HD DVR, the HR10-250, which can only decode the older MPEG-2 signals. All DirecTV-delivered local HDTV stations (outside of the NYC and LA network stations) are encoded in MPEG-4. The HR10-250 cannot receive the MPEG-4 local HDTV stations in these markets but can still receive over-the-air ATSC broadcasts in these markets. After a multi-year hiatus, TiVo and DirecTV are developing a new TiVo enabled HD DVR that will be able to receive/decode DirecTV's current MPEG-4 satellite signals. Originally slated for release in the second half of 2009, it is now available in select markets.
Local channels.
DirecTV also offers local channels like CBS, ABC, NBC, Fox, PBS, The CW, Telemundo, Azteca, Univision, ION Television (in markets that carry that network), and some independent stations in markets covering over 99.2% of U.S. TV households. In markets that lack an OTA CW affiliate, DirecTV includes WDCW from Washington, D.C. or XETV from San Diego.
Subscribers located where they cannot receive a decent terrestrial television signal and/or live in a tiny market that only has a couple of stations can receive feeds from New York and Los Angeles for CBS, ABC, NBC, and Fox, as well as a feed from the Washington, D.C. CW affiliate, though a waiver from the local affiliate stations may be required to allow this, approved at their discretion. National PBS and ION channels are also available.
In the largest markets, local channels are carried on the satellite at 101°W. In some smaller markets, the local channels are carried on a second satellite located at 119°W which requires a slightly larger dish with two or three LNBs or the newer Ka/Ku 5-LNB dish. In a few smaller markets, local stations are located on a satellite at 72.5°W that requires a second dish to be installed.
In late 2005, DirecTV began providing local HDTV channels to the largest markets, requiring newer receivers with a larger dish capable of receiving signals from up to five satellites at once. The Ku-band signals on the newer Ka/Ku dish are received from 101°W, 110°W, and 119°W, while Ka-band signals are from 99°W and 103°W.
Local television channels are transmitted over optical fiber links, Ku-band satellite uplink, microwave, and conventional terrestrial transmission to uplink centers located throughout the United States.
DirecTV can provide true HD into hotels (Pro:Idiom). Cable companies have been able to provide true HD to hotels for over 2 years now with the installation of private video networks (FTTP to Coax conversion & Pro:Idiom) or with HFC HD video distribution systems (Pro:Idiom).
Satellite fleet.
DirecTV currently uses 12 satellites. It has a contract with two contractors for two additional satellites to be launched in 2013 and 2014.
Marketing and commercials.
Beginning in 2006, DirecTV began a series of commercials in which characters from popular movies and television shows break the fourth wall to tout the service's picture quality and the number of channels available in high definition. Instead of using CGI the original actors normally reprise their roles on recreated sets, and resulting footage is mixed with the original scenes. The productions must be recent, due to the use of original actors, and appeal to DirecTV's "male-oriented marketing message." These characters include Captain Kirk (William Shatner, '), Bill Harding (Bill Paxton, "Twister"), The Economics Teacher (Ben Stein, "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"), Dr. Emmett Brown (Christopher Lloyd, "Back to the Future"), Burton Guster (Dulé Hill, "Psych"), C.J. Parker (Pamela Anderson, "Baywatch"), Rick "Wild Thing" Vaughn (Charlie Sheen, "Major League"), Beyoncé (Upgrade U music video), Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth, "American Pie"), Turtle (Jerry Ferrara, "Entourage"), Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver, "Aliens"), Steve Freeling (Craig T. Nelson, "Poltergeist"), Annie Wilkes (Kathy Bates, "Misery"), Mini-Me (Verne Troyer, "Austin Powers In Goldmember"), The Girl in the Ferrari (Christie Brinkley, "National Lampoon's Vacation"), Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson, "The Dukes of Hazzard"), T-1000 (Robert Patrick, '), Ann Darrow (Naomi Watts, "King Kong"), Hellboy (Ron Perlman, "Hellboy"), Richard Hayden (David Spade, "Tommy Boy"), The Black Eyed Peas (Meet Me Halfway music video), Christina Aguilera (Keeps Gettin' Better music video) and Honey Hornee (Kim Basinger, "Wayne's World 2"). Also in this series of commercials were Peyton Manning, Eli Manning, and Archie Manning promoting NFL Sunday Ticket, and Dale Earnhardt, Jr. promoting NASCAR Hot Pass. Cartoon characters have also been used in the ads, beginning with Scooby-Doo and the Mystery, Inc. gang. Recent commercials have also featured model Hannah Davis in a non-speaking role.
DirecTV during that time also ran series of ads that takes shots at cable television's service (or lack of service). Beginning in March 2010, they did a spoof of the classic game show "To Tell The Truth" with Alex Trebek hosting the show. The series of commercials both pays homage to the Goodson-Todman game show, and take shots at both cable and DirecTV's arch rival Dish Network, who later sued for false advertising. Dish says DirecTV's ads claim a misleading number of HD channels at a price that does not include any HD. Dish also says DirecTV misleads consumers by saying it can offer 200 HD channels when it really offers about 130. Dish says the ads end with the promotional price of $29.99 a month, which it says does not include HD. Another series of commercials, promoting the 2010 NFL Sunday Ticket package of all-football programming, featured neighbors committing uncivil acts to neighbors who watched the "wrong" football team. One spot had a woman leaving a snack platter for a neighbor on which the food spelled out "DIRT BAG"; another showed a dog trashing a neighbor's property; yet another showed an on-duty policeman knocking on a DirecTV customer's door, stunning him with a taser and leaving him passed out in his open doorway. In August 2011, Deion Sanders began appearing in DirecTV's ads for NFL Sunday Ticket, urging people to switch from cable. These ads originally claimed NFL Sunday Ticket is now "free" for new customers for one year with a subscription to their Premiere package and a two-year contract. In response, on August 4, 2011, Comcast sued DirecTV for false advertising. Comcast dropped the case on August 19, 2011 after DirecTV altered the ads to remove the word "free", changing it to "at no extra charge".
DirecTV blimp.
The DirecTV blimp launched in October 2007 at the MLB World Series in Boston and has been seen all over the United States since its inception. The blimp flies mainly over live sporting events but has also been seen at other entertainment and charitable venues. This second generation A-170LS Video Lightsign Lightship features the state of the art video screen that displays full color video images day or night. This lightsign, the only one of its kind in the world, is used to display messaging and advertising for DirecTV. The blimp has been recently spotted on Twitter as followers track the journeys of the blimp from one event to another. The airship is owned and operated by The Lightship Group, an advertising company based in Orlando, FL.
Customer service.
DirecTV was awarded a J.D. Power award for residential cable and satellite TV customer satisfaction in 2007.
Directv's customer service is provided by many third-party owned call centers both inside and outside the United States. Most of the call centers are contracted to provide agents to answer customer phone calls regarding programming, billing, or technical questions.
, DirecTV does not offer a 30 day grace period for those who wish to try the service. "If you do not fulfill your Programming Agreements, DirecTV may charge a pro-rated fee of up to $480."
Better Business Bureau review.
In August 2008, "The Boston Globe" reported that DirecTV received 20,000 complaints in less than three years to the Better Business Bureau on DirecTV slipping in cancellation fees.
In August 2010, the BBB reported that it had received 39,000 complaints against Directv in the previous 3 years, and the BBB gave it an F (failing) grade. Many of the complaints concerned DirecTV's early termination fees, billing and service issues.
, the Better Business Bureau has no rating for DirecTV, though this may be related to problems internal to the BBB.
Consumer protection lawsuits and violations.
Washington State's Attorney General civil complaint.
On December 14, 2009 the Washington Attorney General's office filed a civil complaint against DirecTV seeking injunctive and other relief. The complaint was filed in the public interest when the Attorney General's office determined after a one-year investigation by its Consumer Protection Division, that the company allegedly engaged in numerous repeated violations of the state’s Consumer Protection Act.
The complaint alleged unfair or deceptive practices which include, but are not limited to
The Attorney General’s Office asked the court to compel DirecTV to change its business practices, impose civil penalties and provide restitution for consumers.
The case was settled in December 2010, with Directv agreeing to pay over one million dollars, and to correct many of its business practices. 47 other states joined in a similar suit, the settlement of which required Directv to pay over 13 million dollars.
California class action lawsuit.
In September 2008, consumers filed a class action lawsuit with the Los Angeles Superior Court to stop DirecTV's practice of charging early cancellation penalties to subscribers. The lawsuit claims that DirecTV fails to disclose the penalty to new customers or to existing customers who replace their equipment or add a new receiver, and that these practices are unlawful. In September 2009, a motion for a preliminary injunction was filed to block the company from automatically removing the fees from customers’ bank accounts or charging their credit card accounts without their prior knowledge and written consent until the lawsuit is resolved.
Telemarketing violations.
In December 2005 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission imposed a $5.3 million penalty on DirecTV for its violations of federal telemarketing regulations. It was the largest civil penalty the FTC had ever announced in a case enforcing any consumer protection law.

</doc>
<doc id="9624301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624301" title="Margarita Sierra">
Margarita Sierra

Margarita Sierra (January 5, 1936 - September 6, 1963), born as Maria Margarita Suarez Sierra in Madrid, Spain, was a singer, dancer, and actress perhaps best known for her supporting role as the nightclub-singing Cha Cha O'Brien on the early 1960s ABC/Warner Brothers television series, "Surfside 6", with Troy Donahue, Van Williams, Lee Patterson, and Diane McBain.
Episodes of "Surfside 6" often featured Sierra singing, usually in English but occasionally in Spanish. "The Cha Cha Twist", a song featured during the show's second and final season, was released as a single on Warner Brothers Records but did not enter the Billboard Top 100 chart.
Sierra died in Hollywood, California, in 1963 at the age of twenty-seven from complications following heart surgery performed a day earlier. She is interred at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9624318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624318" title="Herbert Flam">
Herbert Flam

Herbert ("Herbie") Flam (November 7, 1928 – November 25, 1980) was an American tennis player who in 1957 was ranked by Lance Tingay as the World No. 4 amateur (and World No. 5 by Adrian Quist). He was inducted into the International Tennis Association Collegiate Tennis Hall of Fame in 1987, inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1992, and inducted into the University of California at Los Angeles Hall of Fame in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9624350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624350" title="Dominum et Vivificantem">
Dominum et Vivificantem

Dominum et Vivificantem ("The Lord and Giver of Life") is the name of the fifth encyclical written by Pope John Paul II. The encyclical was promulgated on 18 May 1986. It is a theological examination of the role of the Holy Spirit as it pertains to the modern world and the church and the use of spiritual prayer to renew one's spiritual life. 

</doc>
<doc id="9624351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624351" title="Nightcaps">
Nightcaps

Nightcaps is a town in the Southland Region of New Zealand's South Island. According to the 2006 New Zealand Census of Population and Dwellings, its population is 312, consisting of 168 males and 141 females. This represents a decline of 27 people since the 2001 census. State Highway 96 passes through Nightcaps as it runs between Ohai and Winton. The town has a golf course and two primary schools that cater to students from Nightcaps, the surrounding rural area, and since the 2003 closure of its own school, Ohai.
It has a community website, designed to give information to all new and existing members of the surrounding community. TAKITIMU ONLINE
Nightcaps has a more industrial history than most Southland towns due to nearby coal deposits. A private railway was built from the terminus of the New Zealand Railways Department's Wairio Branch to Nightcaps to provide more efficient transport of coal; operated by the Nightcaps Coal Company, it opened not long after the state's railway reached Wairio in 1909. In 1918, a proposal was made to build another line to coal interests around Ohai, and the construction of this line was fiercely opposed by the Nightcaps Coal Company, fearing a loss of business. However, construction was approved in July 1919 with a deviation through Morley Village, considered part of Nightcaps. The first section of the line, including the part serving Morley Village, opened on 1 September 1920. Ohai was reached four years later, and in 1925, the Nightcaps Coal Company ceased to operate; they handed over their railway line to the Railways Department, who dismantled it in 1926 as the Ohai line was capable of catering for traffic from Nightcaps. The Ohai line continues to operate, primarily for the carriage of coal, and it is one of the few remaining rural branch lines out of many that once existed throughout New Zealand. It has been part of the national rail network since 1 June 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9624421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624421" title="Minnesota Monarchs">
Minnesota Monarchs

The Minnesota Monarchs were one of six Major League Volleyball franchises. The league began in 1987 and ended short of completing a full season in 1989.
The Minnesota franchise was reported to be the strongest in terms of attendance, repeatedly filling the stands time after time. The Monarchs played at Augsburg College, Minneapolis during the regular season and at Williams Arena at the campus of the University of Minnesota during playoff matches.
The Monarchs set a league attendance record of 3,404 in the Minnesota-San Jose semifinal match in 1988 at Williams Arena.
Unfortunately the team was lackluster in 1987 coming in last place. However, some trading and new talent (such as Ruth Lawanson and Linda Chisolm) joined the next season and the team improved. The team finished in second place in 1988 and was leading the league in matches won before the league ended in 1989. 
Ownership of the franchise switched hands prior to the 1989 season. For the first two years of operation, the league itself owned its six franchises. R. Steven Arnold, founder of the league and league commissioner for the 1987 and 1988 seasons became team President. Lee Meade Sr., General Manager for the Monarchs during the 1987 season, returned as GM for the 1989 season. David L. Mona, CEO of a Twin Cities based public relations firm, became Vice President of the team.
Players.
1987
MB=Middle Blocker, OH=Outside Hitter, S=Setter
Angie DeGroot: S
Jill Halstead: OH
Lucia Chudy: MB
McDougal: MB
Jerry McGahan (Volleyball Hall of Fame member): Right Side
Annie Adamczak: OH, college-Nebraska, hometown-Moose Lake, Mn.
Head Coach: Jim Coleman
1988 (16 wins-6 losses)
PLAYER HT. POS. COLLEGE HOMETOWN
Judy Bellomo, 5-10, MB, UC Santa Barbara, Glendale, Ca
Merja Connolly, 6-0, MB, UCLA, Culver City, Ca.
Kathy Crotty-Rodgers, 5-9, OH/S, SW Missouri, Belleville, Ill.
Ellen Hensler, 5-8, S, Penn State, North Huntington, Pa.
Ruth Lawanson, 5-8, OH, Fresno St., Fresno, Ca. - 1988 League MVP
Head Coach: Walt Weaver 
Ass't Coach: Jeff Nelson
1989
No. PLAYER HT. POS. COLLEGE HOMETOWN
1 Diane Ratnik, 6-1, S/MB, Canadian National, Scarborough, Ont.
6 Sari Virtanen-Stevens, 6-0, OH/MB, BYU, Provo, UT
7 Ruth Lawanson, 5-8, OH, Fresno St., Fresno, Ca.
8 Jill Halstead, 5-9, OH, Minnesota, Brooklyn Park, MN
10 Jackie Silva, 5-7, S, Brazil National, Rio de Janerio, Brazil
11 Judy Bellomo, 5-10, OH/MB, UC Santa Barbara, Glendale, CA
12 Ellen Crandall-Orner, 6-0, OH/MB, Penn State, Rockton, Pa.
13 Janet Cobbs, 6-0, MB, North Dakota St., St. Paul, Mn.
14 Lori Zeno, 5-9, OH/S, UCLA, Fountain Valley, Ca.
Head Coach: Jeff Nelson
Ass't Coach: Steve Willingham

</doc>
<doc id="9624427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624427" title="Bill Mack">
Bill Mack

Bill Mack (born 1932) is an American country music singer, songwriter, and radio host.
For many years, Mack was best known as the host of "The Country Roads Show", (later "U.S. 1 Trucking Show", and later still, "Midnight Cowboy Trucking Show") the overnight country music show on WBAP, a clear channel station in Fort Worth. Mack's show catered primarily to truck drivers who traveled during the late-night hours. Its opening theme music was an instrumental rendition of "Orange Blossom Special", performed by Felix Slatkin and his orchestra.
Because of WBAP's clear channel signal range via skywave at night, Mack's show was heard over most of the continental United States. Mack began his show in 1969. He briefly took his show to Mexican "border blaster" station XERF, but returned to WBAP when an agreement for Mack to do his show from his Fort Worth home fell through.
In addition, Mack hosts the syndicated radio show "Country Crossroads," heard on more than 800 stations across the country, and a similar cable television show on FamilyNet. He also hosts the "Overdrive Top Ten Countdown," a weekly one-hour country music countdown geared toward truckers, in syndication.
Mack left WBAP to join XM Satellite Radio on its Open Road channel (XM 171). Ironically, two of the other main personalities on Open Road, Dave Nemo and Dale "The Truckin' Bozo" Sommers, were Mack's primary competitors before all three left their AM radio stations to join XM. Mack's radio program was heard weekdays on XM channel 13 from 12 Noon to 3 PM Eastern, and rebroadcast from Midnight to 3 AM Eastern.
On April 29, 2011 Mack announced that Sirius/XM had terminated his contract to make room for a merger of two of the channels The Roadhouse and Willie's Place into one channel and that this was his final show.
Mack was succeeded on his WBAP show by Eric Harley, and the show has since been renamed the "Midnight Radio Network."
In the country music industry, Mack is also a songwriter. His best-known song is "Blue," one of LeAnn Rimes' biggest hits. The song won Mack the Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 1997. Mack also wrote "Drinkin' Champagne," which has been recorded by numerous artists. The song was a hit for Cal Smith in 1968, and again for George Strait 1990 on his album "Livin' It Up". Some of his other songs have been recorded by Dean Martin, Ray Price, Jerry Lee Lewis and George Jones.
In 2000, Mack won the media category award given by the Grand Ole Opry. He was named to the Texas Country Music Hall of Fame in 1999, and the Country Music DJ and Radio Hall of Fame in 1982.
Bill Mack and his wife, Cynthia "Sweet Cindy" make their home in Fort Worth, Texas. They have three children from their marriage, Misty Dawn, Billy Mack III, and Sunday Renee. They have several grandchildren. Bill Mack has a daughter named Debbie from a previous marriage.
Bill Mack Smith III ("Billy") and his wife April broadcast "The Saturday Show" on XM 171.

</doc>
<doc id="9624465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624465" title="Keith Nobbs">
Keith Nobbs

Keith Nobbs (born April 9, 1979) is an American stage, television, and film actor perhaps best known for his portrayal of Joey Ice Cream in the TV series "The Black Donnellys".
A graduate of Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, Nobbs began working in professional theater in the 1998 production of "Stupid Kids", directed by Michael Mayer. His Broadway debut was in the Roundabout Theatre Company production of "The Lion In Winter" starring Laurence Fishburne and Stockard Channing, also directed by Mayer. Other notable New York stage appearances include "Hope Is the Thing With Feathers" (Drama Dept.), "Fuddy Meers" (Manhattan Theatre Club), "Free to Be... You and Me" (The Drama Dept.), "Dublin Carol" (Atlantic Theater Company), "The Hasty Heart" (Keen Company), and the world premiere of David Mamet's "Romance" (Atlantic Theater Company) . For his performance in "Four" (Manhattan Theatre Club) Nobbs was nominated for the 2002 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play, and won the 2002 Lucille Lortel Award for Outstanding Featured Actor. His most recent stage appearance was in the Century Center for the Performing Arts production of "". Nobbs is a member of The Drama Department and the Vineyard Theatre Community of Artists. He appears with Dan Lauria and Judith Light in the Broadway production: "Lombardi (play)".
Nobbs's television appearances include "New York Undercover", "The Sopranos," "Law & Order", and "". His film credits include "Double Whammy", "Phone Booth", "25th Hour", and "It Runs in the Family", as well as the independent films "I Will Avenge You, Iago!" and "Premium". His latest film efforts include "In Search Of", and HBO's "The Pacific".

</doc>
<doc id="9624478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624478" title="Kimchi Field Museum">
Kimchi Field Museum

The Kimchi Field Museum in Seoul, Korea is a museum whose mission is to inform the world about one of the major items of Korean cuisine, kimchi. Exhibitions focus exclusively on kimchi’s history, its varieties, and its importance to Korean culture and cuisine. It is open to anyone who is willing to learn about kimchi, the most famous Korean dish. The museum collects data for kimchi-related resources and statistics and also offers different activities, such as the kimchi-making process and kimchi-tasting each month.
History.
The Kimchi Field Museum was originally established in 1986 by Pulmuone Inc., one of the largest food production companies in Korea, in "Pil-dong", "Jung-gu". In 1988, the museum was moved to the COEX (Convention and Exhibition Center) to publicize kimchi among foreign visitors coming for the Summer Olympic Games held in Seoul, South Korea. 
In 2000, the museum was renovated to extend the museum area and improve its facilities for visitors in anticipation of the third Asia–Europe Meeting in Seoul, designed to deepen relationships in political, economic, and cultural areas among members of forty-one countries.
Exhibition.
The museum is divided into three different sections. Each division of the museum illustrates varieties of kimchi-related information.
The first part of the museum is mostly related to kimchi’s history. In the first section, “The Exhibition of Ancient Books about Kimchi History,” visitors can see the old books and articles relevant to kimchi history. In “The Models of Kimchi in Each Period” visitors can inspect the trends of kimchi within the time periods of Korean history. The next section of the museum introduces stories of how people began to include hot peppers in kimchi. There is a detailed time line enabling visitors to easily view the history of kimchi. 
The second branch of the Kimchi Field Museum consists of sections that display the process of kimchi making, as well as short films which play at regular intervals. There is a section where people can view models of eighty different kinds of kimchi. On the walls are graphic illustrations, including kimchi recipes, with a picture and description for each item. In addition there is information about what kind of spices people have used before they adopted red peppers from Japan and Korea. Another section illustrates the kinds of kimchi by geographic district.
Moreover, the museum provides detailed explanations of the process of making kimchi with a diorama for each step. There is also one section where people can view the typical environment (background) that people used to have on the day of making kimchi, including the historic pottery forms utilized for the fermentation and storage processes. 
There are two photo zones where people can take pictures of kimchi. Also, in a particular section, people can read about the nutritional benefits of kimchi and compare it with other kinds of fermented vegetables in the world. Guests are also welcome to visit an area where they can observe the "Lactobacillus" bacteria in kimchi through a microscope. Furthermore, the museum also displays a large world map with countries to which kimchi is exported. A tasting room is open for people to test two different kinds of kimchi in each month.
The final section of the museum consists of a data room where people can read old or recent books about not only kimchi, but also about the traditional foods of Korea. There are also kimchi-related articles and movies that are available in the data room.

</doc>
<doc id="9624483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624483" title="Robyn MacPhee">
Robyn MacPhee

Robyn MacPhee (born August 11, 1983 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian curler. She formerly played second for Suzanne Birt. 
MacPhee played both second and third for Birt (née Gaudet) during their junior careers. In 2001, playing second for the team, she won the Canadian Junior Curling Championships and a gold at the World Junior Curling Championships. In 2002, MacPhee played third for the team, and they won another Canadian Junior championship and a bronze at the World Junior Championships. 
After juniors, MacPhee remained on Birt's team, and would play second once again. The team won the provincial women's title in 2003 and would lose in the semi-final at the 2003 Scott Tournament of Hearts. 
MacPhee left Birt's team afterwards and joined up with her sister, Rebecca Jean MacDonald (née MacPhee) as her second. With her sister, she would win another provincial title in 2005 but finished out of the playoffs at the 2005 Scott Tournament of Hearts. In 2006, she was reunited with Gaudet and the successful junior team they had. MacPhee won her third provincial championship in 2007, this time as Birt's third.
In 2008, she left Birt's team to once again play with her sister, except now in the position of skip. The new lineup was successful and MacPhee along with her sister, Shelley Muzika and Tammi Lowther, would win the PEI provincials, representing the province at the 2009 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. During the National competition would finish in a tie-breaker, with a 7-4 record. They would face Team Canada Jennifer Jones, taking an early lead up 4-2 during the 5th end break. They would maintain the lead forcing Canada to take 1 in the 9th. With hammer coming home, MacPhee would miss her final shot giving up a steal of one, taking them to an extra end. With the hammer once again in 11, facing an identical final shot as in the 10th end, MacPhee would once again miss her final shot, giving Canada a second stolen point and the win.
In 2010, MacPhee would leave her sister's team, and once again join up with Suzanne Birt. 
On February 3, 2012, it was announced that MacPhee will leave the Birt team at the end of the season, taking a year off to pursue other activities and plan her upcoming wedding.

</doc>
<doc id="9624518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624518" title="Palazzo della Consulta">
Palazzo della Consulta

The Palazzo della Consulta (built 1732-1735) is a late Baroque palace in central Rome, Italy, that since 1955 houses the Constitutional Court of the Italian Republic. It sits across the Piazza del Quirinale from the official residence of the President of the Italian Republic, the Quirinal Palace.
History.
Prior to the 17th century, a palace had been erected for the Cardinal Ferrero during the realm of Pope Sixtus V. The Pope Clement XII (Corsini) commissioned the present palace from Ferdinando Fuga, and it was completed in 1737 to house the secretariat of the "Sacra Congregazione della Consulta" (which served as the main council of state of the Papal states and tribunal) as well as the "Segnatura dei Brevi", as well as two corps of Papal Guard units. From 1798 to 1814, the palace was used as the Prefecture of Rome. In 1849, during the Roman Republic, it was the home of the ruling Triumvirate. After the annexation of the Papal States to the Kingdom of Italy, from 1871 to 1874, Prince Umberto I and his wife Margherita of Savoy lived here. From 1874 to 1922, it housed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and from 1924 to 1953 it housed the Ministry of Colonies. In 1955, it became the home of the Constitutional Court of Italy.
Fuga ordered the two-storey facade with a piano nobile whose windows have low arched heads set in fielded panels, over a ground floor with low mezzanine. On the lower story the panels have channeled rustication and rusticated quoins at the corners. Pilasters are applied only to the central three-bay block, which barely projects, and to the corners. The roof-line of the facade is topped by a large coat of arms of the Corsini pope, and is similar to the one of Fontana di Trevi. Lower down, at the entrance, a King of Italy installed his coat of arms.
The interiors have undergone a series of fresco decorations over the centuries. The initial 18th-century frescoes by Antonio Bicchierai and Domenico Piastrini, are nearly vanished except for a few allegorical figures in the apartments of the Cardinals. In 1787, the new Cardinale dei Brevi, Cardinal Romoaldo Braschi-Onesti, had the palaced redecorated by Bernardino Nocchi, which was also nearly lost except for frescoes on the "Myth of Proserpine" in the "Salone Pompeiano" and decoration in the ceiling of the "Studio dei Giudici" depicting charity and the four virtues. The Savoy monarchy had frescoed completed by Domenico Bruschi, Cecrope Barilli and Annibale Brugnoli.

</doc>
<doc id="9624534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624534" title="Night Shift at the Thrill Factory">
Night Shift at the Thrill Factory

Night Shift at the Thrill Factory is the second album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1988 by Rough Trade Records. Lookout! Records re-released the album in 1996 with a number of bonus tracks.
The album continued the band's pop punk style, with some more intellectual elements beginning to appear. Songs like "Velveeta" and "The History of the Concept of the Soul" became standards in the band's live set for several years following, the latter essentially being band leader Dr. Frank's college thesis condensed into an 80-second song. The song "Now We Are Twenty-One" was featured in a scene in the 1996 movie "Glory Daze" starring Ben Affleck, in which the main characters perform a cover of the song as the house band at their party. The film's soundtrack also includes two of the band's mid-1990s songs, "I Just Wanna Do it With You" and "Even Hitler Had a Girlfriend."
The song "I Ain't Gonna Be History," included on the 1996 CD re-release of the album, is an outtake from the original album sessions. The other bonus songs are from an 8-track demo tape recorded by Greg Freeman at Lowdown Studios in July 1988. The song "Boredom Zone" originally appeared on the compilation "The Thing That Ate Floyd", which also featured many of the band's contemporaries in the late-1980s San Francisco Bay Area punk movement.

</doc>
<doc id="9624647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624647" title="Internal conflict in Peru">
Internal conflict in Peru

It has been estimated that nearly 70,000 people have died in the internal conflict in Peru that started in 1980, an ongoing conflict which is considered to have wound down by 2000. The principal actors in the war were the Communist Party of Peru or Shining Path and the government of Peru. The Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement was also involved.
A great many of the victims of the conflict were ordinary civilians. All of the armed actors in the war deliberately targeted and killed civilians, making the conflict more bloody than any other war in Peruvian history since the European colonization of the country. It is the third longest internal conflict in Latin America with the Colombian armed conflict being the first and the Guatemalan Civil War being the second.
National situation before the war.
Notwithstanding its long historical stability, Peru has had a succession of authoritarian and democratic governments. General Juan Velasco Alvarado staged a military coup in 1968 and led a left-leaning government until 1975. Francisco Morales Bermúdez was installed as the new President of Peru in 1975, and allowed elections to be held in 1980.
Rise of Shining Path.
During the governments of Velasco and Morales, Shining Path had organized as a Maoist political group based at the San Cristóbal of Huamanga University in the Ayacucho Region. The group was led by Abimael Guzmán, a communist professor of philosophy at the San Cristóbal of Huamanga University. Guzmán had been inspired by the Cultural Revolution, which he had witnessed firsthand during a trip to China. Shining Path members engaged in street fights with members of other political groups and painted graffiti exhorting "armed struggle" against the Peruvian state.
Outbreak of hostilities.
When Peru's military government allowed elections for the first time in a dozen years in 1980, Shining Path was one of the few leftist political groups that declined to take part, instead opting to launch a guerrilla war against the state in the highlands of the province of Ayacucho. On May 17, 1980, the eve of the presidential elections, it burned ballot boxes in the town of Chuschi, Ayacucho. It was the first "act of terrorism" by Shining Path. Nonetheless, the perpetrators were quickly caught, additional ballots were brought in to replace the burned ballots, the elections proceeded without further incident, and the act received very little attention in the Peruvian press.
Shining Path opted to fight their war in the style taught by Mao Zedong. They would open up "guerrilla zones" in which their guerrillas could operate, drive government forces out of these zones to create "liberated zones", then use these zones to support new guerrilla zones until the entire country was essentially one big "liberated zone." Shining Path also adhered to Mao's teaching that guerrilla war should be fought primarily in the countryside and gradually choke off the cities.
On December 3, 1982, the Shining Path officially formed the "People's Guerrilla Army", its armed wing.
Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement.
In 1982, the Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement (MRTA) launched its own guerrilla war against the Peruvian state. The group had been formed by remnants of the Movement of the Revolutionary Left in Peru and identified with Castroite guerrilla movements in other parts of Latin America. The MRTA used techniques that were more traditional to Latin American leftist organizations than those used by Shining Path. For example, the MRTA wore uniforms, claimed to be fighting for true democracy, and complained of human rights abuses by the state, while Shining Path did not wear uniforms, and had little regard for the democratic process and human rights.
During the internal conflict, the MRTA and Shining Path engaged in combat with each other. The MRTA played a small part in the overall internal conflict, being declared by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to have been responsible for 1.5% of deaths accumulated throughout the war. At its height the MRTA was believed to consist of only a few hundred members.
Government response.
Gradually the Shining Path committed more and more violent attacks on the National Police of Peru, and the Lima-based government could no longer ignore the growing crisis in the Andes. In 1981, Fernando Belaúnde Terry declared a State of Emergency and ordered that the Peruvian Armed Forces fight the Shining Path.
Escalation of the war.
The reaction of the Shining Path to the Peruvian government's use of the military in the war was not to back down, but instead to ramp up the level of violence in the countryside. Shining Path attacked police, military, and civilians that it considered to be "class enemies", often using particularly gruesome methods of killing their victims. These killings, along with Shining Path's disrespect for the culture of indigenous peasants it claimed to represent, turned many people in the sierra away from the Shining Path.
Faced with a hostile population, the Shining Path's guerrilla war began to falter. In some areas, peasants formed anti-Shining Path patrols, called "rondas". They were generally poorly equipped despite donations of guns from the armed forces. Nevertheless, Shining Path guerrillas were militarily attacked by the "rondas". The first such reported attack was in January 1983 near Huata, when some "rondas" killed 13 "senderistas"; in February in Sacsamarca, "rondas" stabbed and killed the Shining Path commanders of that area. In March 1983, "rondas" brutally killed Olegario Curitomay, one of the commanders of the town of Lucanamarca. They took him to the town square, stoned him, stabbed him, set him on fire, and finally shot him. As a response, in April, Shining Path entered the province of Huancasancos and the towns of Yanaccollpa, Ataccara, Llacchua, Muylacruz and Lucanamarca, and killed 69 people, many of whom were children, including one who was only six months old. Also killed were several women, some of them pregnant. Most of them died by machete hacks, and some were shot at close range in the head. This was the first massacre by Shining Path of the peasant community. Other incidents followed, such as the one in Hauyllo, Tambo District, La Mar Province, Ayacucho Department. In that community, Shining Path killed 47 peasants, including 14 children aged four to fifteen.
Additional massacres by Shining Path occurred, such as one in Marcas on August 29, 1985.
The Shining Path, like the government, filled its ranks by conscription. The Shining Path also kidnapped children and forced them to fight as child soldiers in their war.
The administration of Alberto Fujimori (1990–2000) and decline.
Under the administration of Alberto Fujimori the state began the widespread use of intelligence agencies in its fight against Shining Path. Some atrocities were allegedly committed by the National Intelligence Service, notably the La Cantuta massacre, the Barrios Altos massacre, and the Santa massacre.
On April 5, 1992, Alberto Fujimori dissolved the Congress of Peru and abolished the Constitution, initiating the Peruvian Constitutional Crisis of 1992. The pretext for these actions was that the Congress was slow to pass anti-terrorism legislation. Fujimori set up military courts to try suspected members of the Shining Path and MRTA, and ordered that an "iron fist" approach be used. Fujimori also announced that Peru would no longer accept the jurisdiction of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.
As Shining Path began to lose ground in the Andes to the Peruvian state and the rondas, it decided to speed up its overall strategic plan. Shining Path declared that, in Maoist terminology, it had reached "strategic equilibrium" and was ready to begin its final assault on the cities of Peru. In 1992, Shining Path set off a powerful bomb in the Miraflores District of Lima in what became known as the Tarata bombing. This was part of a larger bombing campaign in Lima.
On September 12, 1992, Peruvian police captured Guzmán and several Shining Path leaders in an apartment above a dance studio in the Surquillo district of Lima. The police had been monitoring the apartment, as a number of suspected Shining Path militants had visited it. An inspection of the garbage of the apartment produced empty tubes of a skin cream used to treat psoriasis, a condition that Guzmán was known to have. Shortly after the raid that captured Guzmán, most of the remaining Shining Path leadership fell as well. At the same time, Shining Path suffered embarrassing military defeats to campesino self-defense organizations – supposedly its social base – and the organization fractured into splinter groups. Guzmán's role as the leader of Shining Path was taken over by Óscar Ramírez, who himself was captured by Peruvian authorities in 1999. After Ramírez's capture, the group splintered, guerrilla activity diminished sharply, and previous conditions returned to the areas where the Shining Path had been active.
Shining Path confined to their former headquarters in the Peruvian jungle and continued smaller attacks against the state, like the one occurred on October 2, 1999 when a Peruvian Army helicopter was shot down by SP guerrillas near Satipo (killing 5) and stealing a PKM machine gun which was reportedly used in another attack against an Mi-17 in July 2003.
Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
Alberto Fujimori resigned the Presidency in 2000, but Congress declared him "morally unfit", installing to oppositor congressmember Valentín Paniagua into office. He rescinded Fujimori's announcement that Peru would leave the Inter-American Court of Human Rights and established a Truth and Reconciliation Commission (CVR) to investigate the war. The commission was headed by the President of Catholic University Salomón Lerner Ghitis. The Commission found in its 2003 "Final Report" that 69,280 people died or disappeared between 1980 and 2000 as a result of the armed conflict. A statistical analysis of the available data led the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to estimate that the Shining Path was responsible for the death or disappearance of 31,331 people, 46% of the total deaths and disappearances. According to a summary of the report by Human Rights Watch, "Shining Path... killed about half the victims, and roughly one-third died at the hands of government security forces... The commission attributed some of the other slayings to a smaller guerrilla group and local militias. The rest remain unattributed." According to its final report, 75% of the people who were either killed or disappeared spoke Quechua as their native language, despite the fact that the 1993 census found that only 20% of Peruvians speak Quechua or another indigenous language as their native language.
Nevertheless, the final report of the CVR was surrounded by controversy. It was criticized by almost all political parties (including former Presidents Fujimori, García and Paniagua), the military and the Catholic Church, which claimed that many of the Commission members were former members of extreme leftists movements and that the final report wrongfully portrayed Shining Path and the MRTA as "political parties" rather than as terrorist organizations, even though, for example, Shining Path has been clearly designated as a terrorist organization by the United States, the European Union, and Canada.
21st century reemergence (2002–present).
On March 20, 2002, a car bomb exploded at "El Polo", a mall on an upper scale district of Lima near the US embassy.
On June 9, 2003 a Shining Path group attacked a camp in Ayacucho, and took 68 employees of the Argentine company Techint and three police guards as hostages. They had been working in the Camisea gas pipeline project that would take natural gas from Cuzco to Lima. According to sources from Peru's Interior Ministry, the hostage-takers asked for a sizable ransom to free the hostages. Two days later, after a rapid military response, the hostage-takers abandoned the hostages. According to rumor, the company paid the ransom.
On October 13, 2006, Guzmán was sentenced to life in prison for terrorism.
On May 27, 2007, the 27th anniversary of the Shining Path's first attack against the Peruvian state, a homemade bomb in a backpack was set off in a market in the southern Peruvian city of Juliaca, killing six and wounding 48. Because of the timing of the attack the Shining Path is suspected by the Peruvian authorities of holding responsibility.
In October 2008, in Huancavelica province, the "senderistas" engaged a military and civil convoy with explosives and firearms, demonstrating their continued ability to strike and inflict casualties on easy targets. The clash resulted in the death of 12 soldiers and two to seven civilians.
On April 9, 2009, Shining Path ambushed and killed 13 Peruvian soldiers in the Apurímac and Ene river valleys in Ayacucho, said Peruvian minister of Defense, Antero Flores-Aráoz.
The group was, until recently, led by a man known as Comrade Artemio. Rather than attempt to destroy the Peruvian state and replace it with a communist state, Artemio pledged to carry out attacks until the Peruvian government releases Shining Path 'prisoners' and negotiates an end to the 'war'. These demands were made in various video statements made by Artemio. The vast majority of Peruvians continue to hold the Shining Path in low regard.
On February 12, 2012, Artemio was captured by a combined force of the Peruvian Army and the Police. President Ollanta Humala said that he would now step up the fight against the other remaining band of Shining Path rebels in the Ene-Apurimac valley.
In May 2012 it was reported that, since 2008, 71 security forces personnel had been killed and 59 wounded by Shining Path ambushes in the VRAE region.
In February 2014, the Shining Path were reported to have attacked a Transportadora de Gas del Peru natural gas work camp in Peru's Cusco region.

</doc>
<doc id="9624660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624660" title="Randolph Township, Portage County, Ohio">
Randolph Township, Portage County, Ohio

Randolph Township is one of the eighteen townships of Portage County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 5,504 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the southern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
No municipalities are located in Randolph Township.
Formed from the Connecticut Western Reserve, Randolph Township covers an area of 25 sq mi.
Name and history.
Randolph Township was named in honor of Randolph Storrs, the son of a pioneer settler.
It is the only Randolph Township statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
Fairgrounds.
Randolph is home to the Portage County fairgrounds and the annual Portage County-Randolph Fair each August. The fair celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9624667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624667" title="Pat Vincent">
Pat Vincent

Patrick Bernard Vincent (6 January 1926 — 10 April 1983) He was an All Black in 1956, where he played two tests and captaining both of them against the Springboks. He also played for Canterbury in the Ranfurly Shield from 1953 to 1956. He was born in Whataroa and died in Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="9624675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624675" title="List of towns in Canada">
List of towns in Canada

This is a list of towns in Canada. Only municipalities currently incorporated as towns are listed here.
Alberta.
Alberta has 108 towns.
"Notes:"
British Columbia.
British Columbia has 14 towns.
Manitoba.
Manitoba has 50 towns.
New Brunswick.
New Brunswick has 27 towns.
Newfoundland and Labrador.
Newfoundland and Labrador has 277 towns.
Northwest Territories.
The Northwest Territories has four towns.
Nova Scotia.
Nova Scotia has 30 towns.
Ontario.
Ontario has 90 towns.
Prince Edward Island.
Prince Edward Island has seven towns.
"Notes:"
Quebec.
Quebec does not officially differentiate between towns and cities as the general French term for both is "ville". Quebec has 222 villes.
"Notes:"
Saskatchewan.
Saskatchewan has 146 towns.
Yukon.
Yukon has three towns.

</doc>
<doc id="9624712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624712" title="Tadeusz Pełczyński">
Tadeusz Pełczyński

Tadeusz Pełczyński (codenames: "Grzegorz", "Adam", "Wolf", "Robak"; Warsaw, February 14, 1892 – January 3, 1985, London) was a Polish Army major general ("generał brygady"), intelligence officer and chief of the General Staff's Section II (the military intelligence section). 
During World War II, he became chief of staff of the Home Army ("ZWZ", "Armia Krajowa"; July 1941 – October 1944) and its deputy commander (July 1943 - October 1944).
Family.
Tadeusz Pełczyński was the son of Ksawery Pełczyński, a Sanniki sugar-mill technician, and Maria, "née" Liczbińska, a teacher, and was a great-grandson of Michał Pełczyński, a general in the Army of Congress Poland.
Pełczyński began school in Łęczyca. In 1905 he participated in a school strike connected with Polish efforts to win independence from the Russian Empire. He continued his schooling in Warsaw at the Gen. Paweł Chrzanowski "Gymnasium". In 1911 he began medical studies at Kraków University. As a medical student he was a member of the patriotic-gymnastic "Sokół" organization and of the ""Zet"" Polish Youth Association ("Związek Młodzieży Polskiej "Zet""). He completed a military course conducted by Zygmunt Zieliński, a future Polish Army "generał broni" (lieutenant general).
In 1923 Pełczyński would marry Wanda Filipowska, with whom he had a daughter, Maria, and a son, Krzysztof (Christopher, born 1924, who died during the Warsaw Uprising on August 17, 1944, of wounds sustained on August 1, the first day of the Uprising).
Career.
The outbreak of World War I in August 1914 found Pełczyński on vacation near Włocławek. After the area had been occupied by the Germans, he was mobilized by them to work as a medic at a Russian-prisoner-of-war camp.
After his release from German service, in June 1915 he joined the Polish Legions. He served as an officer in the 6th Legions Infantry Regiment ("6 Pułk Piechoty Legionów") and commanded a platoon and a company. In July 1917, following the Oath Crisis, he was interned at a camp in Beniaminów. In March 1918, after release from internment, he took up work at a social-services agency ("Rada Główna Opiekuńcza") while continuing his involvement with ""Zet.""
In November 1918 Pełczyński was accepted into the Polish Army and placed in command of a company, then a battalion, of the 6th Legions Infantry Regiment. In March 1920 he was transferred to the Infantry Officer-Cadet School ("Szkoła Podchorążych Piechoty") in Warsaw as a company commander, then a battalion commander. From September 1921 to September 1923 he attended the War College ("Wyższa Szkoła Wojenna") in Warsaw. After graduating with a General Staff officer's diploma, he returned to the Infantry Officer-Cadet School as a battalion commander.
In July 1924 he was posted to the Office of the Inner War Council ("Ścisła Rada Wojenna"). In May 1927 he began service in the General Staff's Section II (the intelligence section) as chief of the Information Department ("Wydział Ewidencyjny"). In January 1929 he was appointed chief of Section II. From March 1932 to September 1935 he commanded the 5th Legions Infantry Regiment ("5 Pułk Piechoty Legionów") in Wilno (it was part of the elite 1st Legions Infantry Division), then returned to again head Section II.
As chief of Section II, Pełczyński, like his predecessor Colonel Tadeusz Schaetzel and like deputy chief Lt. Col. Józef Englicht, was very supportive of Marshal Józef Piłsudski's Promethean project, aimed at liberating the non-Russian peoples of the Soviet Union.
Pełczyński was the longest-serving prewar chief of Section II (1929–32, and 1935 – January 1939). In January 1939 he was relieved of this post and placed in command of the 19th Infantry Division ("19 Dywizja Piechoty"), stationed in Wilno. His tenure as chief of Section II had reportedly been ended by his wife Wanda's political activities against Marshal Edward Śmigły-Rydz and General Felicjan Sławoj-Składkowski.
After the outbreak of World War II, from September 5, 1939, Pełczyński commanded a force in the rears of the invading German "Wehrmacht".
After the conclusion of the September Campaign, he went to Warsaw to take up underground work with the Service for Polish Victory ("Służba Zwycięstwu Polski"), then with the Union for Armed Resistance ("Związek Walki Zbrojnej", or "ZWZ") and the Home Army ("Armia Krajowa", or "AK").
From July 1940 to April 1941 he commanded the Lublin "ZWZ" district. As the local "Gestapo" were closing in, he returned to Warsaw and accepted the post of chief of staff of "ZWZ" (July 1941). From July 1943, he was also Home Army deputy commander. In November 1943, he was promoted to major general ("generał brygady").
He commanded sabotage operations carried out by "Kedyw" units against the German war machine (including disruption of several rail lines). He took part in the decision to begin the Warsaw Uprising.
Five weeks into the Warsaw Uprising, on September 4, 1944, Pełczyński was gravely wounded when the "PKO" savings-bank building on "Świętokrzyska" Street was bombed, and as a result he could no longer carry on the duties of Home Army chief of staff.
After the suppression of the Uprising, Pełczyński was imprisoned by the Germans at the Langwasser camp, then at Colditz.
Following his liberation by the Allies in 1945, he made his way to London, England.
"Enigma".
Pełczyński may have made his greatest contribution to Allied victory in World War II well before the opening of hostilities. According to Colonel Stefan Mayer,
The Poles' gift, to their British and French allies, of Enigma decryption at Warsaw on July 26, 1939, just five weeks before the outbreak of World War II, came not a moment too soon. Former Bletchley Park mathematician-cryptologist Gordon Welchman has written: "Ultra British Enigma-decryption operation would never have gotten off the ground if we had not learned from the Poles, in the nick of time, the details both of the German military... Enigma machine, and of the operating procedures that were in use." After the war, Britain's Prime Minister Winston Churchill was to tell King George VI: "It was thanks to Ultra that we won the war."

</doc>
<doc id="9624728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624728" title="Information school">
Information school

An information school (sometimes abbreviated I-school or iSchool) is a university-level institution committed to understanding the role of information in nature and human endeavors. Synonyms include "school of information", "department of information studies", or "information department". Information school faculty conduct research into the fundamental aspects of information and related technologies. In addition to granting academic degrees, information schools educate information professionals, researchers, and scholars for an increasingly information-driven world.
Information school can also refer, in a more restricted sense, to the members of the iSchools organization (formerly the "iSchools Project"), as governed by the iCaucus. Members of this group share a fundamental interest in the relationships between people, information, technology, and science. These schools, colleges, and departments have been either newly established or have evolved from programs focused on information systems, library science, informatics, computer science, library and information science and information science.
Information schools promote an interdisciplinary approach to understanding the opportunities and challenges of information management, with a core commitment to concepts like universal access and user-centered organization of information. The field is concerned broadly with questions of design and preservation across information spaces, from digital and virtual spaces like online communities, the World Wide Web, and databases to physical spaces such as libraries, museums, archives, and other repositories. Information school degree programs include course offerings in areas such as information architecture, design, economics, policy, security, and telecommunications; knowledge management, user experience design, and usability; conservation and preservation, including digital preservation; librarianship and library administration; the sociology of information; and human–computer interaction.
Bibliography.
Cronin, B. (2005). An I-dentity crisis? The information schools movement. "International Journal of Information Management, 25:" 363–365.
Debons, A. & Harmon, G. (2006) The I-Conference in Retrospect. "Bulletin of the American Society for Information Science and Technology", April/May.
Larsen, R. (2005). An interview with Ron Larsen about I-schools. Coalition for Networked Information, 27-minute audio recording.

</doc>
<doc id="9624762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624762" title="Ubbalamadugu Falls">
Ubbalamadugu Falls

Ubbalamadugu Falls (also called Tada Falls or Kambakam Falls) is a waterfall, located to the North of Sricity in the Chittoor district of India. Coming under the Buchinaidu kandriga & Varadaiahpalem mandals the falls are located from Chennai and from Srikalahasti.
The falls are located in a forest called the "Kaambakam forest" or "Sidduliah Kona". The relation to Lord Shiva ensures that the festival of Maha Shivaratri is a common time for people to visit.
Best season is from mid October to Mid February of every year as it is the main rainy season there.
Tada is a relatively little known tourist destination. It is known for its waterfall (Locally called as Ubbalamadugu Falls), hillocks and greenery. It is ideal for hiking, trekking and picnics.
Access.
To reach the falls one must go through the village Varadaiahpalem, about away, of which only is paved. During Maha Shivaratri transport services are provided by APSRTC from the village Varadaiahpalem. SUVs or some vehicles with high ground clearance are best suited for the paved road. Small cars should be avoided.
With limited accommodation available nearby, the best locations to stay are at Srikalahasti or Varadaiahpalem town. Staying in the forest beyond sun set is not advised.
To reach the actual waterfall requires trekking. There is limited guidance, in the form of arrow marks, provided for the hike. It is accessible only by physically fit people.

</doc>
<doc id="9624769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624769" title="Kudat Airport">
Kudat Airport

Kudat Airport is an airport serving Kudat, a town in the state of Sabah in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9624774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624774" title="Enigma (Ill Niño album)">
Enigma (Ill Niño album)

Enigma is the fourth studio album by the metal band Ill Niño, released in the United States on March 11, 2008 through Cement Shoes Records. The album's first single "The Alibi of Tyrants" was released to radio on April 22, 2007. The band has stated they would film three music videos from the album, including "The Alibi of Tyrants", "Me Gusta La Soledad" and "Pieces of the Sun". The album was originally set for a July 17, 2007 release, but was delayed on several occasions. The album is unavailable on most digital distribution platforms, including iTunes. 
The album debuted and peaked on the Billboard charts at No. 145, with first weeks sales of 5,000 copies, a significant decrease when compared to their previous albums.
Track listing.
Limited edition.
The European version of the album was released in a limited edition digipak, including all five tracks from the band's 2006 EP "The Under Cover Sessions".

</doc>
<doc id="9624797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624797" title="Translational Genomics Research Institute">
Translational Genomics Research Institute

The Translational Genomics Research Institute (TGen), is a non-profit genomics research institute established in 2002 by Jeffrey Trent, the founding Scientific Director of the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI), in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. 
TGen seeks to employ genetic discoveries to improve disease outcomes by developing smarter diagnostics and targeted therapeutics. 
TGen conducts research on a number of human disorders including Alzheimer's disease, Autism, Parkinson's, Diabetes and numerous forms of cancer and a variety of other complex human diseases. This internationally recognized institute has helped to generate a strong foundation for Arizona's growing role in scientific research and cutting edge biotechnology.
The emerging field of translational genomics research harnesses the power of new discoveries resulting from the Human Genome Project and applying them to the development of improved diagnostics, prognostics and therapies for cancer, neurological disorders, diabetes and other complex diseases.
Affiliated Organizations.
TD2 - TGEN Drug Development, LLC - contract research organization focusing on cancer research

</doc>
<doc id="9624798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624798" title="Santa Maria dell'Orazione e Morte">
Santa Maria dell'Orazione e Morte

Santa Maria dell'Orazione e Morte ("Saint Mary of the Prayer and Death") is a small church in central Rome, Italy. It lies on Via Giulia between the Tiber and the Palazzo Farnese.
First built in 1575, the church was completely rebuilt by Ferdinando Fuga in 1733 using an elliptical plan. 
Inside may be seen frescoes of "St. Anthony Abbot" and "St. Paul of Thebes" by Giovanni Lanfranco; these were removed and transferred to this church from a now-lost structure built by Odoardo Farnese. In the first chapel at the right is a "Mystical marriage of Saint Catherine"; in the main chapel is a "Crucifixion" altarpiece (1680) by Ciro Ferri. In the second chapel to the left is "St. Giuliana Falconieri Receives the Habit From St. Filippo Benizi" (1740) by Pier Leone Ghezzi. In the first chapel to the left features an altarpiece of the "Rest on the Flight to Egypt" painted by Lorenzo Masucci.
Additionally, the church houses a chamber decorated with human bones; a large number of skulls, candelabras constructed of bones, and a large cross adorned with skulls are among the room's adornments. This chamber is located through a door to the left of the main altar and is rarely open to visitors.
Santa Maria was built by a confraternity that assumed responsibility for interring abandoned corpses in Rome. It is remarkable for the depictions of laureled skulls over the façade entrance and other death imagery. In this it has some of the morbid encrustations also seen in the Roman church of the Capuchins. Its charity was, and still is, supported by the "Arciconfraternita di Santa Maria dell'Orazione e Morte", a purgatorial society dating to the 1560s. Burials were performed in their cemetery, once sited on the banks of the Tiber adjacent to the church. Architect Fuga and San Carlo Borromeo were members of the fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="9624799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624799" title="Mick Fanning">
Mick Fanning

Michael Eugene "Mick" Fanning, nicknamed "White Lightning", is an Australian professional surfer and triple world champion. Fanning won the 2007, 2009 and 2013 ASP World Tour.
Early years.
He was born in Penrith, New South Wales, Australia on 13 June 1981 to Irish parents.
Fanning learned to surf at the age of 5 in coastal South Australia at a town called Mt Gambier, but did not go full on until his family moved to Tweed Heads when he was twelve. He grew up with fellow professional surfer, Joel Parkinson and fellow ripper Nat West. On the edge of the Queensland border, Fanning had access to epic surf north and south and he began to make a name for himself. In 1996 he established himself as one the very best surfers to rule the Queensland points by placing in the top three at the Australian National Titles. But, tragedy stuck in 1998 when his brother Sean died in a car accident along with fellow surfer Joel Green.
Pro career.
He was also caring when he took a wild card entry at the Rip Curl Pro at Bells Beach in 2001 winning one of Australia's most acclaimed contests. He finished 2002 as rookie of the year winning the Billabong Pro at Jeffrey's Bay and earning himself a slot on the 2002 tour as the "World Qualifying Series"' (WQS) Champion.
He suffered a complete hamstring tear in 2004. He had to have it surgically repaired and made an incredible comeback to become one of the greatest surfers on the ASP world tour.
The year 2007 marked Fanning's sixth year on the Association of Surfing Professionals (ASP) World Tour since 2002 and his ninth year on the ASP WQS since 1998. He began his 2007 World Title campaign (WCT) with a victory at the Quiksilver Pro, the first event on the Foster's ASP World Tour, putting himself on top of the ratings. He won the Santa Catarina Pro in Brazil on 6 November 2007 placing above Taj Burrow and Kelly Slater therefore clinching the 2007 ASP world title. In 2008 he suffered a mid-season groin injury. He slipped to eighth position on the end of year ratings. In 2009, Mick Fanning reclaimed his ASP World Champion crown at the famous Pipeline reef break on Oahu’s North Shore. Although Fanning was knocked out by fellow Australian Dean Morrison in Round 4, his points lead from winning three of the last four events was enough to secure victory. He then clinched it again in 2013 with a comeback victory in both round five, as well as the quarter-finals at Pipeline. 
According to an interview with WideWorld magazine, Fanning's favourite surf spots in Australia include Snapper Rocks on the Gold Coast, Bells Beach in Victoria and Gnarloo in Western Australia.
Private life.
Fanning is married to model Karissa Dalton.

</doc>
<doc id="9624801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624801" title="Ludovic Obraniak">
Ludovic Obraniak

Ludovic Joseph Obraniak (; born 10 November 1984) is a French-born Polish footballer who plays for Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen and the Poland national team. He primarily plays as an attacking midfielder.
Football career.
FC Metz.
Obraniak began his football career with his local club FC Metz. Due to his consistent play in the reserves, he was quickly promoted to the senior side by then-manager Jean Fernandez making his debut during the 2003–04 season in a 0–2 loss to Bordeaux coming on as a late-match substitute wearing the number 13 shirt. Over the next two years, Metz showed their inconsistent play finishing 16th in 2004–05 and finishing dead bottom of the table in 2005–06, thus being relegated. Obraniak was the primary bright spot in the squad appearing in 61 matches and scoring 3 goals over those years.
With Metz in Ligue 2, several Ligue 1 clubs drew their interest over to Obraniak. Despite this, he still played half the season in Ligue 2 with Metz appearing in 20 matches and scoring 2 goals. The following winter would see his departure. After weeks of silent negotiating, Metz finally came to an agreement on 23 January 2007 with the Nord-Pas de Calais-based side Lille OSC. Metz received €1.2m, as well as the Swiss striker Daniel Gygax.
Lille OSC.
Obraniak agreed to a 4-year contract keeping him with the club until 2010. He made his debut with Lille four days later coming on substitute in a match against Bordeaux. He played in every remaining match that season, making on and off starts and substitute appearances. With Lille playing in the UEFA Champions League that season, he appeared in both legs of their knockout stage match against Manchester United. The following season, Obraniak had a solid season appearing in 35 matches and scoring 2 goals, though Lille finished out of Europe in the league standings. For the 2008–09 season, he got off to a fast start scoring 7 goals in only 16 appearances contributing to Lille's 5th place position heading into the winter break. In later seasons, he was not a regular starter and decided to leave the club.
Bordeaux.
On 12 January 2012, Obraniak signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with Ligue 1 outfit Bordeaux. In February, he scored two goals in a 5–4 away win against his former club Lille, including the winning goal in injury time.
International career.
Obraniak made an appearance for the France under-21 squad; however, since it was not a match for points FIFA did not consider him permanently capped. This was later confirmed by FIFA's decision to remove the age limit on nationality switches of players who had only been capped at youth level.
Due to having Polish roots through his grandfather, Zygmunt Obraniak who was from Pobiedziska in Poznań County, the player became the subject of interest from the Poland national football team and applied for citizenship of the country. Since his grandfather had never renounced Polish citizenship, according to Polish laws Obraniak's citizenship did not need to be granted by the Polish government but simply verified by the Masovian voivode. Obraniak was confirmed as a Polish citizen on 5 June 2009.
On 23 July 2009, he was officially called up to the Poland team by coach Leo Beenhakker for the squad's friendly against Greece, where Obraniak scored the only two goals in the match making the final score a 2–0 victory for Poland.
He played in all 3 games for Poland at Euro 2012. He assisted Jakub Błaszczykowski's superb equalizing goal against Russia which finished a 1–1 draw.
Personal life.
Obraniak's daughter was born on 1 June 2011.
Obraniak is fluent in French and English. Despite representing Poland on an international level he doesn't speak Polish fluently, what is not highly acclaimed in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9624831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624831" title="Birkenhead Public Library">
Birkenhead Public Library

Birkenhead Public Library ("Te Whare Matauranga o Birkenhead" in Māori) is a New Zealand library, part of the Auckland Libraries system. It is located on Auckland's North Shore. Founded in 1949 it predominantly serves the areas of Birkenhead, Beach Haven, Birkdale, Kauri Park, Chelsea, and Birkenhead East, a population of about 26,000, including six primary schools, two intermediate, and two colleges.
Typical of small public libraries in New Zealand it is able to provide an extensive range of modern library resources and services through its integration into a wider urban network, and through its association with the National Library; while nevertheless retaining its own distinct, local connections such as the Archives Collection of the Chelsea Sugar Refinery.
Birkenhead Public has a notable history. It was the first public library to be founded in North Shore City, the first to offer dial-up access to the New Zealand Bibliographic Network, and a leading proponent of full weekend services.
For four years the library was located in temporary quarters in the Birkenhead Leisure Centre, while the dispute over the location and design of its new building was resolved. On 17 December 2009 a new Birkenhead Library and Civic Centre was reopened on its old site.
History.
The history of Birkenhead Public Library is characterized by four transformations which have occurred at approximately twenty-year intervals since its founding in 1949. Three of these transformations involved new buildings; while the other involved amalgamation into the wider North Shore Libraries system. There has also been an unintended interim period when the library was based at the Leisure Centre.
Founding of the library.
At the turn of the twentieth century, apart from "subscription libraries" the only library in Birkenhead was run by the Zion Hill Methodist Church. In 1901, the Birkenhead Borough Council had resolved that its legal and finance committee should consider building a public one, but little eventuated.
Funding proved to be the issue. A subsidy of £100 was sought from the government in 1904 for a building "not to exceed a total of £600;" yet in 1934 the "Auckland Star" could still report on dissent at a Birkenhead Borough Council meeting. When John MacDonald spoke out that "It is a poor town that has no public library" the then mayor, George Mills, retorted "that it would be an easy matter to start a library if the ratepayers provided the money."
Yet, in 1949, the Free Birkenhead Public Library was established in the basement of the Council Chambers, opening on 14 November. It was a modest beginning, bolstered by support from the National Library. There was an initial budget of £500. The library began with a collection of around 1500 items, "swelled by about another twenty books a month."
The Civic Reserve Library.
After the Auckland Harbour Bridge was opened in 1959 the Birkenhead area became much more accessible. By the mid-1960s issues each year had increased dramatically by nearly a hundred thousand items.
Nora Bourke, the Chairman of the Library Committee, felt the existing building was limited and with mayor Cyril Crocombe began making plans for a much larger building. This was to be a purpose-built construction modelled on the Glen Innes Library.
On 20 April 1968 the new building was officially opened by the Governor General Arthur Porritt. In his speech the mayor declared "the library will attract students from all over the North Shore... and it will make Birkenhead the cultural centre of Auckland city's north harbour." Certainly it became well-established. For thirty-seven years this was to remain the location of the Birkenhead Public Library, and in 1979 the reserve was renamed after the first librarian, Eleanor - "Nell" - Fisher.
In 1992 issues topped 300,000 items. By 2003 usage of the library had increased still further, to such an extent that it was noticeably affecting service delivery. Over 500 people a day were entering the library and new members were growing at a rate of 150 per month. Finding room to add new material to the existing stock of some 67,500 items was becoming increasingly difficult.
Another important factor driving the need for change was the absence of enough space for various community groups, such as primary schools and students, bookclubs, and author events. In terms of a modern technological infrastructure, the old building simply couldn't cope. The City Librarian, Geoff Chamberlain, recognised that it had become "the least attractive of the city's libraries." Sharron Cleghorn, the project manager, saw the need for a place "people would want to visit." By the end of the 1990s some sort of addition to the library was being actively considered.
Amalgamation.
The 1980s saw an increase in the depth and variety of services offered. A Bedford van was used to start a mobile library service in 1982, and the library began opening on Saturdays in 1983. In 1986, children’s multimedia items were offered for the first time, and the New Zealand Bibliographic Network link was established. Soon after compact discs were made available; while in 1987 the library began opening on Sundays. So service was now provided over the entire week, a first in New Zealand.
Notable too in the late eighties, was the processing of books to create "machine readable codes," which saw the catalogue shifted from card to microfiche. Borrowers were now directly registered onto the computer, and a new computer management system went live, "the most sophisticated...in the world." This was a forerunner of the greater computerisation ahead, including the introduction of self-issue machines in 1995 (pictured), internet access in 1996 and a widening range of electronic resources from 2002.
However, perhaps the most significant event of the eighties was amalgamation of the Birkenhead and Northcote Boroughs, and the subsequent merging of the local libraries into the North Shore Libraries system in 1989 (pictured). Staff were redeployed and regional development was initiated. A new division, Technical Services, became fully operational at Takapuna. A Children’s Services Co-ordinator was appointed, and the computer management system established the year before was improved to allow universal access to the six libraries’ holdings.
This convergence has continued to this day with the advent of the "eLGAR" conglomerate, the Libraries of the Greater Auckland Region. Birkenhead Library (as part of the North Shore Libraries system) began a public rollout of the eLGAR Smarter System on 16 June 2005.
On 1 May 2000, a time capsule was buried out in front of the library, by the Birkenhead war memorial. It contained various items such as maps, driver's licences, shopping receipts, and old library cards from the 1960s and 1970s. Blessed by a kaumatua from Awataha Marae it was planned to be dug up in one hundred years. On the plaque are quoted the opening two lines from T. S. Eliot's poem Burnt Norton.
The Leisure Centre Library.
In 2005 the library was shifted to a converted basketball court in the Birkenhead Leisure Centre in Mahara Avenue (pictured). Other alternative sites had been considered, but most were found to be either inappropriate or too expensive. With limited space available for services the Plunkett, CAB and council Area Office had to find alternative premises. In fact only 50% to 60% of the library's own stock could be accommodated.
$175,000 was budgeted for the fitout of the basketball court, and included such things as improved lighting, car park access, and funding for a passenger lift to allow for disabled patrons. Since the location was some distance from the town centre a free shuttle bus was provided from Highbury once a week This location was meant to be a transitional arrangement while the new building was being constructed. However, in the event, the library remained at this temporary location for a number of years. 
The Leisure Centre is located in the Birkenhead War Memorial Park, which contains various other buildings and amenities such as sports clubs, sports grounds, a swimming pool and a skatepark. In the areas adjacent to the library there were problems associated with youth drinking and graffiti, and other undesirable behaviour. The carpark was chained off, and an alcohol ban was sought. In 2007, the War Memorial Park was identified as a "crime hotspot." Meanwhile, patronage of the library since relocation had dropped by 35%. During April 2008 a CCTV network of 15 cameras as well as speakers was installed.
In March 2007, the library was granted a resource consent to use the Leisure Centre location for a further three years or until the new library was built, whichever came later.
The Modern Community Library.
Brendan Rawson, from the Architecture Office in Ponsonby, was retained in 2004 to design a building that would create the much needed public space; and in addition, reflect the heritage of the area. Initial concepts took advantage of the considerable potential for views, and incorporated extensive additional landscaping, from more trees to poppies. The first completed design, (pictured), evoked the kauri that were once endemic to the region. Shadow-patterns of branches etched on the windows were reminiscent of the trees in the reserve, one of which was itself a kauri, planted in 1987 to commemorate environmentalist Bill Fisher. There was also to be a cafe on the second floor and a drive-thru at basement level for dropping off returns. This version was planned to be two metres higher than the previous building, with 1200 m2 of floorspace set aside for the library.
Put out to public scrutiny there was some negative feedback. Peter White, a local resident, was critical of the design, calling the building "strange...full of different angles." Community board member Tony Holman wanted more thought put into the heritage aspects, though he did not specify any details. The Friends of the Library, on the other hand, were unanimous in their praise.
Another important aspect of the design was that it would also be a sustainable building. This commitment to the environment is an increasingly significant part of North Shore City Council's approach to urban development, especially through the Resource Management Act and the Treaty of Waitangi. It aims to lead by example with best practices. The library design incorporated several notable features, including the maximisation of natural light, the use of recyclable material, including reuse of grey water, and a natural ventilation and cooling system to limit energy costs.
After the Environment Court decision (see below) this design underwent some modification.
Controversy over the new building.
In preparation for a new community library complex the old Birkenhead Library was demolished in May 2005. The library service was temporarily relocated to a basketball court in the Birkenhead Leisure Centre. It was expected to be there for eighteen months. However, the project was then delayed for several years; and was not completed until December 2009.
Cost of delays.
The initial focus of the library project was on upgrading the existing quarters. For this purpose the North Shore City Council allocated $1 million in its 2001 draft annual plan, to be spread over two years. This would have allowed for the incorporation of the lobby into the floorplan, and the shifting of various facilities into better positions, such as bringing the Citizens Advice Bureau downstairs and reconfiguring the second level to take a computer and homework centre. Sharron Cleghorn, the project manager, also hoped to provide a public reading room to take advantage of the "spectacular views" (pictured).
When the second floor was built on top of the library in the early 1970s it initially housed the Council Area Office, though it was conceived even then that it would eventually be used as a library space. However, investigations in 1999 by engineers revealed that the second level floor was too weak to support the weight of books without significant strengthening, which would be expensive to undertake. As well, the existing building was showing increasing signs of deterioration, particularly a leaking ceiling. While it could be repaired, maintenance over time would negate the short-term cost advantage of doing so. Thus, the option of a completely new building was brought under consideration.
In 2000 a feasibility study considered four options: demolition, refurbishment, ground floor extensions, or extensions to both levels. Demolition and reconstruction was estimated at $3.3 million, cheaper than extending both floors at $3.7m, though nearly twice the cost of refurbishment. The study noted that the site comprised five lots whose exact boundaries were unclear. It also acknowledged the demolition and reconstruction option would require a land use consent application, as the new building would exceed height and coverage restrictions.
In March 2002 the City Librarian Geoff Chamberlain presented that report to the council, with the first option being the preferred choice by the library services. It would increase the size of the building to 1600 m2, 1200 m2 of which would be devoted to the library itself, with the additional space being used for the Council Area Office and the Citizens Advice Bureau.
A year later, in June 2003, demolition and reconstruction was the confirmed preference. Costs were projected for the next year's draft annual plan. This included a $100,000 in the first year for design and planning, $900,000 in the next, and $4.5 million for the building itself. By mid 2004 the concept had been finalised, and the detailed design was being worked on for presentation to the community boards, and for public consultation.
On 23 February 2005 public submissions closed, and a fitout of the temporary site in the Leisure Centre was begun. Total cost for the new library was now expected to be $6.5 million, then $7.3 million. The project was then delayed, requiring a change to the district plan (see below). In late 2005, the Council Community Services General Manager, Loretta Burnett, stated: "There will be additional costs associated with a plan change but they are modest in comparison." However, subsequent further delays have lifted the cost to the region of $9.25 to $9.5 million as of the end of 2007, with a budget shortfall of $2.75 million.
Resource consent issue.
The Council had lodged a resource consent application for the new building in December 2004, but did not wait for it to be confirmed before demolishing the existing building in May–June the next year. According to a 2006 examination of the project management, Council assumed there was little risk of the application being declined. However, an amended Council report by planner Ian Jefferis revealed that the building was to occupy 15% more of the reserve than expected (pictured). Speaking after his appeal in 2007, Bill Abrahams, owner of Rawene Chambers located opposite the library site (pictured below), said that this lack of a consent was "the crux of the matter."
Some residents claimed they had not been properly consulted. Abrahams felt he should've been consulted because the design blocked his views. The Council disputed that there had been no consultation. The Strategic projects manager, Simon Guillemin, pointed out that there had been a number of public meetings and press releases. He also said there had also been consultation with the Birkenhead Town Centre Association and the Friends of the Library.
Yet in June, independent commissioners declined resource consent. Reasons cited included concern about the impact on the existing environment, traffic flow, and the building's proposed size, which violated the zoning requirements.
Rezoning debate.
Set back the Council elected to seek rezoning. As Geoff Chamberlain, the City Librarian acknowledged, the original zoning on the site was historically complex, and never tidied up. In fact, it limited the coverage of any building to only 10% of the land; but the original building built in 1968 had covered 19.5%. This did not include the Plunkett building. The new plan was initially thought to be 32.9%, then revised to 48%. This apparent expansion of the footprint particularly concerned resident Clyde Scott, who was later one of those who lodged an appeal with the Environment Court.
In the local paper, the "North Shore Times", there was a steady clamour from both opponents of the project and those in favour. In addition to issues with the new library itself, the Council's performance was questioned, concern was raised about the drop-off in existing library services, and the library project was linked to the ongoing redevelopment in the whole of the Birkenhead town centre. In particular, the development of "Highbury corner"- the current disputed site - has always been contentious. In 1922 it was reported:The grounds upon which the Municipal Chambers stand are not only bare of attraction, but they harbour unsightly buildings which could well be accommodated in some less conspicuous position...Considering this locality is practically the heart of the borough, it ought to be worth while to make it presentable.
Four months after the library was demolished Jill Nerheny, the Birkenhead-Northcote Community Coordinator, claimed there was a groundswell of support for leaving the land as green space. Residents Clyde Scott and Peter White became adamant the community would be better served with a park on the reserve site and the library located elsewhere in Highbury. Others lobbied for the fence ringing the library site to be taken down, and eventually the Birkenhead-Northcote Community Board had it pushed back to the perimeter. Two new park benches were installed on the reserve to take advantage of the expanse that was now available (pictured).
As part of their later application on rezoning the Council submitted a report on the prevailing winds, which suggested the land would be unsuitable as open space. While the commissioners acknowledged this, they felt that landscaping could improve the situation somewhat. Though they then noted the number of people actually using the newly opened reserve as such was "relatively modest," especially when held in contrast to the significant numbers who wanted to reinstate the library there.
Three-quarters of those who made submissions on the rezoning supported the change, including Thea Muldoon. Prominent among those objecting were former television newsreader Judy Bailey, and property developer, Graham Milne.
Milne, who had made proposals as far back as 1989, proffered a wide variety of alternative plans for a far more elaborate community centre. These involved road closures, adding new roads, and leasing or selling his land on 15 and 17 Rawene Road, or going into partnership using his buildings. There was, however, little support for his ideas. In October 2005 he sent an email to Community Services & Parks Committee claiming his proposals had been misrepresented. He accused those doing the assessment reports of "yet more incompetence" and threatened to contest the rezoning "fiercely.. every step of the way." The Committee concluded, contrary to Milne, that the reports were "thorough and included site analysis, as well as evaluation of alternatives."
In June 2006 the three independent commissioners approved the rezoning of the district plan (pictured). Their decision acknowledged the significance of historical precedent. In other words, the fact that there had been a library on the site for over thirty years was "notable" with regards to the usage the land was now put to. Also important was the appropriateness of the site in comparison to other options. Previous reports in 2003 and 2005 had considered the existing site was the best choice; while the Highbury Centre Plan of 2006 indicated that there had been extensive close consultation with the community over two years, which in a general sense was pertinent to the usage of the contested land. The commissioners concurred, and the library site became formalised as part of a Special Purpose 9 zone, which allows for the continued operation of community facilities. They noted too, that it is this zoning which underlies other North Shore Libraries, such as the ones at Takapuna and Glenfield.
The commissioners also reconfigured the Recreation 2 boundary, to cut through the middle plot. This was done to safeguard the treed area, and to ensure a better balance between the reserve and the building complex. They emphasised the need for integration, both physical and visual, between the two zones to encourage usage of the recreation area.
Environment court.
It was expected then that the library project would be further delayed by two years. However, Abraham Holdings, owner of the Rawene Chambers, located opposite the library's former site (pictured), lodged a last-minute appeal with the Environment Court, claiming, among other things, concern over the impact on the historic value of the reserve. Former councilor Jenny Kirk decried Abraham Holdings for their blatant commercial self-interest, and lodged a counter objection. A hearing was set for 28 May 2007.
Speaking on behalf of the rezoning was Council, Friends of the Library represented by Mrs Adrienne Wright, Plunkett by Ms Jane Sheridan and Jenny Kirk; while speaking against was Abraham Holdings, Graham Milne (Airborne Asia Pacific), Clyde Scott, Peter White and David Brook.
After three months deliberation the Environment Court approved the building of a new library on the old site, but reaffirmed the rezoning commissioners' restrictions, notably the restriction on height which dropped the maximum from 11 m to 9 m, and the constraints on the footprint (pictured). The Council agreed, "keen to keep the planning process as straight-forward as possible." Bill Abraham, of Abraham Holdings, claimed "people in years to come will be grateful for all the park space that has been kept." Current indications are that it will still be larger than the old library, with 250 m2 of extra floorspace, though this would make it some 200 m2 to 300 m2 smaller than the original preferred design.
The steering group was redesignated as the Governance and Advisory Group, (pictured). Consisting of councillors, community board members, and the Community Services general manager, it was set up to monitor the project more closely.
While the exact future of Birkenhead Library is uncertain a survey conducted by the MP for Northcote Jonathan Coleman in October 2006 showed there was still widespread public support for the return of the library to its old site. Work began on the new building in June, and is expected to be completed in late 2009.
Staff structure.
In the beginning volunteers were crucial to the running of the library. Savings in wages were considered instrumental in allowing the purchase of more books and also allowed money to be set aside for future planned extensions to the building. In 1949 the number of volunteers was recorded at twenty-eight. They included the town clerk and a councilor, Percy Hurn, as well others who had given freely of their expertise such as Duthie from the Auckland Public library, a passing instructor from the Country Library service, and those pulled in to read to the kids during the school holidays. Among this "band of honorary assistants" a Mrs Gaidener, Mr Slovey and Mr Odd came in for particular acknowledgement. At the opening of the new library building nearly twenty years later the mayor paid tribute to all the original volunteers.
By 1950 the Borough Council was looking to formally employ someone for £100 a year. Joan Foggin and John Wilson were the first paid staff, while Eleanor Fisher, already working in the library became the first full-time staff member in 1952. She remained the in-charge librarian until her retirement nineteen years later. By 1955 there was a part-time library assistant as well; and soon a fulltime junior was being considered. Growth in library use and opening hours continued, so that by 1968 there were 3 fulltimers and a part-timer to help on Friday nights.
Staffing peaked in 1986 with 11.5 full time equivalents, and was subsequently reduced to 8.67. This includes staff spread over seven days, and reflects the high preponderance of part-timers typical of the industry. The decrease in staff occurred despite the onset of Sunday openings and the increase in door-count and issues because, at least in part, amalgamation allowed the centralisation of many departments, such as cataloguing. The onset of computers has also increased efficiency, even to the near complete automation of some services, such as circulation through self-issue machines, which recorded 40% of items borrowed within their first months of installation at Birkenhead in 1995.
The current staff structure is headed by a Community Librarian, with two main senior positions: an Information Services Librarian and a Children and Young Adults Librarian, both of which are full-time positions. Other senior roles include the Weekend Supervisors. The main bulk of staff continues to be Library Assistants, with 1-2 being fulltime. There are also a number of shelvers, generally students. Other occasional staff have included a librarian on exchange from England, and various volunteers, such as a Taskforce Green worker helping with a rebarcoding project, and a student doing a Duke of Edinburgh award.
Services.
Services include children's programmes, reference, interloans, internet access, printer-copier, and housebound deliveries.
Children's programmes.
Children's programmes were in place from early on. Eleanor Fisher persuaded local residents to come in and read to kids during school holidays. Storytime went for an hour once a week, and up to 50 kids attended. Class visits by local schools started in 1954, and became a regular feature. Outside of this collaboration with schools the library offered reading programmes, such as "Go Bush" and later, as part of the North Shore Libraries, the Rakaau Reader scheme. This encouraged reading by setting targets coupled with incentives and visible marks of achievement, such as green, silver, then gold leaves on the Raakau tree (pictured).
From this the library became more involved in the provision of a wider range of holiday activities, like puppet shows and hands-on arts and crafts, such as making hats or murals or cake decorations. On one occasion these were so well subscribed the library held them down the road in the All Saints Church hall. There were events too on such occasions as the library's 50th celebration, and Halloween.
There have been regular appearances by authors, illustrators, storytellers and various speakers, and celebrities from Judy Bailey to Edith the Elf. Others include storyteller Lynne Kriegler, illustrators Trevor Pye, Margaret Beames, Robyn Belton, and Judy Lambert, and writers Lino Nelisi, Tom Bradley, and Jean Bennett, as well as Irish storyteller Nigel De Burca, and two of the Aunties. They were often invited as part of various book festivals, such as the Children's Aim Book Award. Competitions to select favourite reads further raised awareness and use of the books.
Lapsit for preschoolers with their parents was an innovation launched by then Chief Librarian Rata Graham in 1992. These were half-hour sessions of mostly music and song, as well as stories and finger puppetry. Lapsit proved so popular it was extended to twice a week in 1999. It was the precursor to "Rhymetime" now standardised across the entire North Shore Libraries system, a programme specifically designed to encourage active socialisation and the development of reading skills, through the focus on rhythm and rhyme.
Resources.
The initial Borough Council budget for books was £500 and when it opened in 1949 the library began with a collection of around 1500 items, "swelled by about another twenty books a month." Percy Hurn, a councilor at the time, recalled the first book he selected for the library was "Sunset over France." More prosaically the local newspaper recorded "textbooks on agriculture... a complete set of the books of Walter Scott... and 13 volumes of the works of Thackeray."
Support from the National Library was keenly sought, as it would allow access to "practically every library in the dominion." However this support was qualified: the National Library did not want to encourage "cheap reading" of genre books, such as romance, westerns and detective stories. In the event, when Birkenhead opened nearly half the books present were on extended loan from the National Library. Their "field librarians" continued to provide a regular infusion of books into the Birkenhead collection two or three times a year, for at least a decade. Topics were diverse, from gardening, music, occupations and hobbies, to art, agriculture and home management. Junior books were added in 1953.
One hundred and fifty of the original collection were donations. Items gifted have ranged from the Walter Scott works, to individual titles, to a 34 volume set of Britannica. The Rotary Club provided a $2000 Reference collection for the opening of the 1968 building. Later, Plunkett donated records, while Bob and Norma Inward gave two folios of prints by painters Goldie and Heaphy.
Borrowing then, as now, was free to ratepayers; those outside the area paid 10 shillings in 1949, and fifty years later, a $100 for an annual subscription. Initially one book was issued to each member, with 2-3d charge for additional items. Newer books were more expensive, as much as 6d Rental charges on fiction were dropped in 1990; though the late 1980s saw them on items such as cds, a practice which became generalised across other multimedia items like cd-roms and DVDs. For a while, Internet access was charged too, at $2 per 15 minutes. At the time it was used mainly for email. In 1994 rental fiction returned with the start of a "Bestseller" book collections; Four years later a similar rental collection of bestseller magazines was started.
The collection size in 1968 was 19,000 items, mostly books and magazine. This increased to over 63,000 items in 1992, and included a much more diverse range of media, from children's puzzles to archives, as well as the provision of stock from other branches, and access to system-wide databases. By 2003 Birkenhead's stock had risen to 67,500. Shortly afterwards, the library was temporarily relocated to the Leisure Centre where there was only room to house 40-50% of the collection.
Currently Adult, Young Adults, Junior, and Large Print collections are subdivided in the traditional manner, into fiction and nonfiction areas with the latter arranged according to the Dewey decimal system. Media other than books are generally collated as separate collections or subdivisions. There are exceptions, such as language material which is collated in the nonfiction 400s. Junior material is separated into the widest range of categories, from board books up through various reading-ages, such as picture books, readers, and various levels of chapter books.
Resources unique to Birkenhead library include the Chelsea Sugar Archives, and its local history photo collection. Apart from these special collections most material is available for lending. Exceptions include newspapers, a Reference Collection interfiled in amongst the main collection, a Quick Reference Collection, and a depository of council documents and other official publications (pictured). The front page of the North Shore Libraries website is itself a web portal, for various council and library resources, including the catalogue.
Public space.
The library has also tried to provide public space for various activities, such as study and leisure reading, though its history is marked by a struggle to do this consistently. The lack of space meant the popularity of the original library was something of an embarrassment. The 1968 building was more spacious, especially after later alterations. 1973 saw the addition of the mezzanine floor; and 1993, the addition of a Young Adult room, as well as a Large Print lounge. However, there was little room for much expansion, which led to the curtailment of some service development. This was one of the reasons for the new building project started in 2005. The temporary location in the Leisure Centre, offered two tables in the magazine-newspaper-computer area, along with a few sofa chairs. The Children's section also had some seating (pictured). But, after pressure from Cr Hartley the children's play equipment was cut back by more than half. The original costs was to spend $80,000 on the children and the final cost was only $30,000 and the landscaping was also slashed, a reduction that is reflected in the final arrangements.
Mobile library.
Origins.
Located in central Highbury the library is about seven miles (11 km) distant from the more remote areas of Beach Haven and Birkdale. As a consequence, from the mid-1960s there was a persistent call to establish a more convenient branch location. Petitioned by residents the Borough Council considered the possibility of setting up something in the Beach Haven hall on a temporary basis, to see if it would take. They asked the then Chief Librarian Ann Clegg to prepare a report looking into the details.
Her conclusion that a branch was an expensive option, and that it would made more sense to expand the existing library aggrieved locals. They felt her assertion that there was not enough demand by "serious readers" was a misrepresentation of the community's ability and very real need; while the three councillors who'd campaigned on a promise of getting something done, proclaimed the report biased. The Beach Haven Residents and Ratepayers Association started a petition and gathered 700 signatures. There were angry letters in the paper.
In the event Birkenhead bought the mobile van off Takapuna in 1982. This was a 1949 Bedford chassis with a purpose-built body that had already been in service for 35 years, much of it as the first mobile library in Auckland. In fact, as part of the Takapuna City Council in 1977 it had been contracted to visit the outer Birkenhead area once a week. This was reminiscent of the Country Library van, a national service which used to visit Birkenhead Library itself several times a year during an earlier era.
Years of service.
With its purchase Birkenhead greatly expanded the mobile service. Capable of stocking up to 2000 items the van now went out five days a week with a full range of items from adult fiction, to magazines, picture books and puzzles, constantly reinvigorated from the main library. As well, it provided a community noticeboard. The van stopped at a different place each day, generally staying between 10am and 4:30pm, closing only for lunch and tea-breaks. This was a length of time commensurate with weekend services. Within a few years though the more common practice was adopted of spending less time at a greater variety of locations.
Initially there were two staff to cope with the influx of registrations, but the sole position was quickly established with Cynthia McKenzie as Birkenhead's first Mobile Librarian. Over its decade of existence the Mobile had half a dozen different librarians, who had to cope with double de-clutching, a leaking roof and stifling heat, as well as the usual duties of a librarian.
Retirement.
Issues dropped, and in 1988 the service was reduced from 5 to 2 days a week, in part perhaps due to increasing mechanical difficulties. The once famously reliable van had problems with its radiator ensuring it had to be constantly stopped and attended by the last Mobile Librarian, Malcolm Fletcher. Then it blew a head gasket. With the onset of amalgamation of Birkenhead into the wider North Shore Libraries it was superseded by the system Mobile anyway, and the Bedford was eventually retired in 1992. Not wanted by Motat or the Devenport Museum it eventually went to the North Shore Vintage Car Club. Over its eleven years of operation it had issued over 163 thousand items.
Webpage development.
The North Shore Libraries catalogue was launched onto the Internet in June 1995. Shortly afterwards the branches began to demonstrate general internet usage to the public, then to roll out access. By May 1996 Birkenhead was having daily demonstrations. About this time, North Shore Libraries put up their first website. Datacom, whose main role was the provision of the libraries' online catalogue, created the website too, using AOLpress 1.2. This included the establishing of separate webpages for each branch.
A green look 1997-2003.
Birkenhead Library's own subsidiary webpage was already well established then, before its subsequent recording on the Internet Archives. It was sited two clicks in from the main page. There was a photo, and the predominant green of the layout matched the official Council colour used in its logo. From this static front a number of subpages could be accessed. These detailed basic facts about the library, such as location, opening hours, and staff contact details. This was to remain unchanged for about five years, apart from minor alterations, such as the inclusion of a branch phone number prominently displayed on the front page, and updates to reflect changes in staffing.
White with columns 2003-2009.
In 2003 a more elaborate three-column style was adopted. This marked a shift from Datacom's maintenance to the work of Mike Copley and Trine Romlund hired specifically to build a more functional and professional-looking website for the entire North Shore Libraries. They used PHP templates. Features included a range of photo thumbs illustrating aspects of the library and its services, and a brief note on the history of the library. Three significantly detailed related pages were also added: Birkenhead Local History Books for Sale, Birkenhead Library Collections and Services, and its subpage on the Chelsea Archives.
This remained the style and predominant content of the Birkenhead Library webpage into 2009. Only some minor details changed, such as the link from the North Shore Libraries main page reduced from three to two clicks with the utilisation of drop-down menus; and an increased cross-linking of hyperlinks throughout the North Shore Libraries website.
Current display.
As part of the redesign of the North Shore Libraries website in July 2009 the Birkenhead page was revamped to its current layout.
Artwork and exhibitions.
The library has purchased or had donated a variety of artworks:
There have also been a number of exhibitions, often work of local artists. These were usually presented on the mezzanine floor of the Civic Reserve library. The first exhibition was a display of books in 1955. Subjects ranged from "poetry to sheep mustering," and included works by William Satchell and Katherine Mansfield. The oldest item was a bible in Maori published in 1840. During the North Shore Arts Festival of 1966 there was an exhibition devoted exclusively to Maori books, sculpture and painting.
Other exhibitions include paintings by Pauline Thompson, Linda Mcneur-Wismer, Betty Eddington, and Susan Durrant, pottery by Peter Collis and Peter Shearer, prints by Julienne Francis, glass sculptures by Carl Houser, and copperwork by Andrew Campbell. A fabric art collection by locals was instigated by Rata Graham and displayed as part of the library's centenary celebrations.
Support groups.
Birkenhead library has had a number of support groups. Volunteers were instrumental in staffing the library in the early days; while the Birkenhead Rotary Club took down the old council quarters in preparation for the new 1968 building. They also donated money to set up the Reference Collection; and later, in 1982, they started the first collection of talking books. Similarly, the Plunkett club of 1980 raised $200 to buy 35 LP recordings of children's fairytales, songs and rhymes.
The Friends of Birkenhead Library were established in November 1990, under the patronage of Keith Sinclair, and continued under Thea Muldoon from 1994. They have advocated strongly for the library, most recently on behalf of the new building, drumming up support through meetings with the Community Board and in the local paper. Along with Plunkett they spoke up for the library at the Environment Court hearing. The Friends have also raised monies for various equipment, such as listening posts and the library's first camera, a Pentax. Speakers at their events have been diverse and have included historian Claudia Orange, writers Muriel Fisher, Sheridan Keith, and Rosemary Menzies, as well as Ann Hartley, a former mayor, Jenny Kirk, a former councillor, and Sergio Gulyaev, a Russian astronomer.
Usage statistics.
Published statistics extend to 2000, with most detail being recorded for the 1990s when Annual Reports were written for each branch. These statistics give an indication of usage of the library by a variety of measures including membership, issues (yearly and monthly), door count, stock size and number of reference queries.
Membership.
No statistical correlation has been done with population growth, though the latter has been cited generally in connection with library usage. Also there has been some records of membership numbers in and of themselves, as well as a proportion of the total population. So, for example, in 1971 there were 8,752 members of a borough population of 15,825. That this meant over half the population were members was duly noted. However, by 1992 the population had increased to 31,860, while membership had only risen to 13,162. By 2003 there were 150 new registrations a month.
Issues.
From the library's inception issues have risen steadily with minor fluctuations, from a little over 8,000 items in 1950 to over 300,000 at the turn of the century (pictured). To date the peak recorded year of the published data has been 1998. In 1957 when issues dropped for the first time, this was attributed to the opening of the Northcote Library. Similarly, while the Civic Reserve building was being constructed the library was relocated to a temporary shop site and the subsequent fall off in 1968 was attributed to this. Other trends visible from the graph include a dip in the 1970s and a rise in the 1990s. Data on the impact of the shift to the Leisure Centre has not been made publicly available yet.
Over its decade of existence the Birkenhead Mobile Library issued nearly 15,000 items a year. At one point, 1984, 24,128 items, equivalent to more than 10% of the building's issue; though on average about half that. On the other hand, Birkenhead as a subset of the whole North Shore Libraries system, has averaged 16% of the total issues. This figure excludes those early years when there were no other libraries on the North Shore, but includes the introduction of branches at Takapuna, Northcote, Devonport, East Coast Bays, Glenfield, and the system Mobile, as well as the start and cessation of Birkenhead's Mobile, the impact of amalgamation, and the shift to and from various buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="9624842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624842" title="James Delaney (mayor)">
James Delaney (mayor)

James Delaney (1889–1970) was Mayor of Anchorage, Alaska from 1929 to 1932.
Biography.
James J. Delaney, Sr. was born in Ireland in 1889.[http://freepages.genealogy.rootsweb.com/~coleen/anchorage_census.html] He came to Anchorage, Alaska in 1911 to work on the railroad for the Alaskan Engineering Commission (known after its 1923 completion as the Alaska Railroad). In 1927, he married Nancy Marie Dillon, also of Ireland. The Delaneys had three children: Nancy, James, Jr., and Loretta.
In 1929, Delaney was elected to the first of three consecutive terms as Mayor. His first year in office, he successfully petitioned the General Land Office for the title to the land that would become Merrill Field.[http://www.muni.org/merrill1/av8history.cfm] The field abutting downtown which was serving as an airstrip at that time was later renamed the Delaney Park Strip.
Delaney died in 1970 and was buried in Anchorage Memorial Park..

</doc>
<doc id="9624866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624866" title="Slaughter of the Insole 7&quot;">
Slaughter of the Insole 7&quot;

Slaughter of the Insole is the second release by Shook Ones. It was the band's first release for Revelation Records. It was recorded on the day after Halloween in 2005 and was released on February 21, 2006. It contains two original recordings and a cover version of the Leatherface song, "Not A Day Goes By". The two original songs, "Slaughter of the Insole" and "So Grown Up", were re-recorded for the band's follow-up full length album, "Facetious Folly Feat".
Pressing information.
First pressing: 330 pink vinyl, 60 pink vinyl with record release covers, 336 purple vinyl with blank pink labels
Second pressing: 1000(?) white vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="9624899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624899" title="Lahad Datu Airport">
Lahad Datu Airport

Lahad Datu Airport is an airport located from Lahad Datu, a town in the state of Sabah in Malaysia. It is near an orangutan rehabilitation center. The airport can accommodate ATR72 and smaller aircraft and the terminal can handle 100,000 passengers annually. In 2008, the airport handled 99,983 passengers and 3,012 aircraft movements.

</doc>
<doc id="9624918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624918" title="Edgar Willsher">
Edgar Willsher

Edgar “Ned” Willsher (22 November 1828, Rolvenden, Kent – 7 October 1885, Lewisham, London) was an English cricketer known for being a catalyst in the shift from roundarm to overarm bowling. A left-handed bowler, and useful lower-order batsman, Willsher played first class cricket for Kent between 1850 and 1875. He took over 1300 first-class wickets, despite only having one lung. He led a tour of Canada and the United States in 1868, and after retiring from his playing career became an umpire.
Career.
Early years.
Willsher was born at Little Halden Farm, in Rolvenden, Kent. His older brother, senior by over ten years, William Willsher, would go on to have an inauspicious career with Kent three years before Edgar's own debut when, in 1847, he appeared in one first class match, scoring a pair at number eleven and not bowling. Edgar Willsher made his own debut on 11 July 1850 at the Kennington Oval against Surrey. He took four wickets in Surrey's first innings, but was not required to bat again as Kent were dismissed successively for 52 and 84 when following on after Surrey's 248. Willsher waited over a year for his next game, against the All England Eleven on 24 July 1851. This time Kent secured a draw, with Willsher taking four wickets in a match truncated by rain. He played only one other game in 1851, finishing the season with only eleven wickets though they were taken at an economical 17.50 runs per wicket. He gradually became a more regular feature of the Kent side from 1853, with thirty-nine appearances over the next four years. He took thirty-two wickets in 1854, including a then career-best 7/22. He then passed fifty wickets in the season for the first time during the 1856 season, taking 66 in total at 10.76 runs per wicket from only eight games. This included four ten-wicket match hauls. He then bettered his efforts with 71 wickets from ten games in 1857, though could only take 29 scalps in 1858 playing only six games. Seventy-nine wickets in 1859, and one better in 1860 established Willsher as a key bowler for Kent, as he regularly featured in their starting XI with fourteen games in each season. The 1860 season also saw his career-best innings figures of 8/16, as well as his first noted successes with the bat, scoring his maiden half century, one of four for the season. Fifteen more games in 1861 yielded another career-best 87 wickets in the season, and his second eight-wicket haul.
Overarm bowling.
By the early 1860s, roundarm had replaced underarm as the standard form of bowling but overarm was still illegal, even though it was in use. Laws were modified in 1845 in an attempt to limit the ever increasing height of the bowlers arm. On 26 August 1862 at The Oval, Willsher became the first cricketer to be no-balled for bowling overarm. Playing for an England XI against Surrey he was called six times by umpire John Lillywhite for delivering the ball with his hand above his shoulder. Willsher left the field with eight of his professional colleagues (the two amateurs in the England team remained on the field) and play was abandoned for the rest of the day. When Lillywhite refused to accept the legality of Willsher's action, he was replaced as umpire so that the game could continue. Willsher went on to take 6 for 49. As a result of this incident, which may well have been planned in advance to force the issue, the laws were changed and overarm was legalised from the beginning of the 1864 season. Meanwhile, the 1863 season saw another 80 wickets for Willsher, as well as 494 runs with the bat, including three half-centuries. The runs scored during the season, and his highest score of 89, would remain his career best.
Later career.
1864 saw more success for Willsher in the County Championship with 79 more wickets at 13.84 runs each, though he failed to pass 50 with the bat. Though he then struggled with only 47 wickets in 1865, he remained consisted with 52 scalps in 1866 and 51 more in the following season, though again failing with the bat with a best over both years of 46. The 1868 season, however was the best of Willsher’s career with the ball, taking in a hot and dry summer 113 wickets at only 9.98 runs per wicket, the second occasion - and one of only three in his entire career - where Willsher’s season average was under 10.00. This included twelve five-wicket hauls, and six ten-wicket hauls, both career-best performances. Though once again struggling with the bat, scoring 246 runs at 10.69, Willsher’s 113 wickets was second in the list of wicket-takers for the 1868 season, behind only future Test player James Southerton, and Willsher's average easily out-performed Southerton's 13.76. Willsher enjoyed successes in 1869 and 1870, with 64 and 84 wickets respectively, and took 70 more wickets in 1871; however Willsher, by then forty-two years of age, began to enjoy fewer returns for his bowling. From 1872 until retirement in 1875 he never bettered 35 wickets in a season, though he averages remained strong and his five-wicket hauls consistent. His appearances for Kent began to diminish, and in 1874 he played only seven matches, not passing fifty with the bat after 1869, and taking only two ten-wicket hauls in his final four seasons compared to thirteen in the proceeding four.
Willsher played only two games in the 1875 season. The first, on 17 June against Hampshire, saw Willsher take four wickets in a convincing Kent innings victory, It was his final appearance for his county. In the last game of his first class caree on 19 August between two invitation XI's representing the North and South of the country, Willsher, playing alongside WG Grace, made only one run and was not called on to bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="9624924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624924" title="Visjoner">
Visjoner

"Visjoner" (""Visions"") was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Norwegian by Merethe Trøan.
The song is a ballad, with Trøan asking her listeners what they want their visions of the future to be. She sings that, as the new century (the 21st Century) draws near, it is a perfect opportunity to take stock of the situation.
The song was performed twenty-first on the night, following Yugoslavia's Extra Nena with "Ljubim te pesmama" and preceding Germany's Wind with "Träume sind für alle da". At the close of voting, it had received 23 points, placing 18th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1993 contest by Silje Vige with "Alle mine tankar".

</doc>
<doc id="9624936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624936" title="Judy Waytiuk">
Judy Waytiuk

Judy Waytiuk is a freelance writer based in Winnipeg, Canada.
She began her journalism career at the "Winnipeg Free Press", as agriculture reporter, general reporter and business writer.
After the "Free Press", she joined CBC Television in Winnipeg as a morning television co-host, then spent two years in Toronto as co-host and producer for the short-lived national business program "MoneyMakers". She returned to Winnipeg in 1978 to host the CBC regional current affairs weekly program "Points West", and moved onto CBWT's "24Hours" as reporter in 1979.
In 1987 she joined CKND to "assume responsibility for TV news and current affairs programming".
After leaving television news in 1994, she became a freelance journalist, writing for several magazines. She specializes in story/photo packages covering aspects of Canadian social geography, history, and culture. Since her move into freelancing, She has won the 2008 Travel Story of the Year Award and a 2003 Northern Lights Award from the Canadian Tourism Commission, the 2003 Tourism Industry Association of Canada Globe and Mail Travel Media Award, the 2002 Pluma de Plata (Silver Quill) award from the Mexico Tourism Board, a 2001 Travel Manitoba Tourism Media Award, and the 2001 Travel Media Association of Canada Best Canadian Destination Article Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9624940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624940" title="Dale Sommers">
Dale Sommers

Bruce Dale Sommers (November 26, 1943 – August 24, 2012), known by his nickname "The Truckin' Bozo", was an American radio personality, best known for his long-running country music show geared toward truck drivers. Sommers hosted the overnight show from Cincinnati, Ohio-based clear-channel station WLW from 1984 to 2004, and it was carried by a small network of similarly high-powered stations across the United States. Sommers discontinued playing music on his nightly show, focusing on general and truck news, and talk from his listeners. Sommers announced his retirement from radio in 2004, but XM Satellite Radio was successful in getting him to do an afternoon truck show, which aired on Sirius Satellite Radio and XM from 4 PM to 7 PM Eastern time. Sommers retired from XM/Sirius on June 21, 2012, only to return for the last time on July 16, 2012.
Biography.
History.
Born Glen Council in Humboldt, Tennessee, Sommers moved to Cincinnati with his family at the age of 15. The next year (1959), be began working for WAEF. Sommers worked for other local radio stations in Cincinnati, as well as in Evansville, Indianapolis, Seattle, San Diego, Miami, and Kansas City, before settling back at WLW in 1984. His nickname "The Truckin' Bozo" reportedly came from his former boss at WLW, Randy Michaels. During a station remodeling, Michaels saw Sommers kick a wall. Unfortunately, its supports had been removed and it came crashing down across a desk. Sommers retired from WLW in 2003 but shortly thereafter assumed work at XM, joining the Open Road channel in a daytime slot. Sommers would remain with the channel through its merger with Sirius's Road Dog Trucking channel up until shortly before his death.
Catching a robber.
"The Bozo" made national headlines when he helped to catch a robber at a convenience store in Camilla, Georgia. Sommers was talking live on the air with regular caller Linda Driskill, known as "Mississippi Lady" to listeners, when he heard Driskill admonish someone not to come behind her counter. She then hung up the phone. Sommers was concerned for her safety, so he called the Camilla police (who knew Driskill from Sommers' show). The police responded to Driskill's store and quickly apprehended the robber.
Comments on Mexicans.
Sommers has raised some controversy among Mexican truckers for his apparent negative comments on the radio regarding cross-border trucking. He was often heard supporting bans on Mexican trucks in the United States.
Family and health.
Sommers was married to Sharon "Lumpy" Cox Sommers for 35 years. Sharon ran a travel agency until May 2004 and retired from the travel business. Dale and Sharon spent approximately nine months a year in Florida and the summer months in Cincinnati. Sommers had a studio in his Florida home and also in his Cincinnati home so he could continue working from both locations.
Sommers is survived by his wife, sons Steve Sommers (born c. 1965; host of "America's Trucking Network"), media executive Sean Compton, David Sommers (who runs the travel business founded by his mother), Kevin Sommers, and Jason Sommers, stepson Brian Mitchell, and his daughter, Krissie Sommers Kastle who currently resides in Indiana. He had 19 grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.
In later years, Sommers was diagnosed with Addison's disease and insulin-dependent diabetes, which factored into his retirement from terrestrial radio. Despite his health difficulties, he maintained his satellite radio show until shortly before his death.
Death.
On the morning of August 24, 2012, Sommers died in a hospice facility near his home in Hernando, Florida at the age of 68.

</doc>
<doc id="9624942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624942" title="The Heritage School, Zimbabwe">
The Heritage School, Zimbabwe

The Heritage School is a private school for boys and girls situated in Harare, Zimbabwe.
History.
It was founded in 1997 by Mr David Austin, Mrs Janet Austin, Mr Tom Austin & Dr Evelyn Pangeti as a co-educational independent school, school offering education to over twelve hundred pupils, aged three to eighteen. The Infant, Junior & Senior Departments function as one school through a curriculum developed from the British National Curriculum and adapted for Zimbabwe.
Academics.
As a UCLES (recognised centre for the Cambridge Board) the School provides as examination centres for both local and international examinations such as;
ZIMSEC from the Zimbabwean ministry of Education
IGCSE
HIGCSE

</doc>
<doc id="9624951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624951" title="Greatest Hits (The Doors album)">
Greatest Hits (The Doors album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Doors, released in 1980. The album, along with the film "Apocalypse Now", released the previous year, created an entirely new audience which was too young to have remembered the band years before. The album went on to become one of the highest selling compilations of all time, with combined cd and vinyl sales of 5,000,000 in the United States alone. 
The album was re-released in 1996 as an enhanced CD with a different track listing and cover art. On the 1996 release, the songs "The Ghost Song", "The End" and "Love Her Madly" were added, whereas "Not to Touch the Earth" was omitted.

</doc>
<doc id="9624965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624965" title="Banal nationalism">
Banal nationalism

Banal nationalism refers to the everyday representations of the nation which build an imagined sense of national solidarity and belonging amongst humans. The term is derived from Michael Billig's 1995 book of the same name. Today the term is used primarily in academic discussion of identity formation and geopolitics.
Examples of banal nationalism include the use of flags in everyday contexts, sporting events, national songs, symbols on money, popular expressions and turns of phrase, patriotic clubs, the use of implied togetherness in the national press, for example, the use of terms such as "the" prime minister, "the" weather, "our" team, and divisions into "domestic" and "international" news. Many of these symbols are most effective because of their constant repetition, and almost subliminal nature.
Michael Billig's primary purpose in coining the term was to clearly differentiate everyday, endemic nationalism from extremist variants. He argued that the academic and journalistic focus on extreme nationalists, independence movements, and xenophobes in the 1980s and 90s obscured the modern strength of nationalism, by implying that it was a fringe ideology. He noted the almost unspoken assumption of the utmost importance of the nation in political discourse of the time, for example in the calls to protect Kuwait during the 1991 Gulf War, or the Falkland Islands in 1982. He argues that the "hidden" nature of modern nationalism makes it a very powerful ideology, partially because it remains largely unexamined and unchallenged, yet remains the basis for powerful political movements, and most political violence in the world today. However, in earlier times calls to the "nation" were not as important, when religion, monarchy or family might have been invoked more successfully to mobilize action. He also uses the concept to dispute post-modernist claims that the nation-state is in decline, noting particularly the continued hegemonic power of American nationalism.
External links.
Extracts from Billig's "Banal Nationalism" http://www.nationalismproject.org/what.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9624974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9624974" title="Lawas Airport">
Lawas Airport

Lawas Airport is a Short Take-off and Landing (STOL) airport serving Lawas, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.
A plan has been made to relocate the current airport to a new site, because the current site is considered unsafe. The airport is located near a river, and some land corrosion had been spotted along the riverbank. The proposed new airport will be able to accommodate ATR 72-500 aircraft operated by MASwings, and the airport will not only be used by people in Lawas, but also people near the surrounding Sarawak-Sabah border.

</doc>
<doc id="9625001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625001" title="Dallas Belles">
Dallas Belles

The Dallas Belles were one of six teams in the Major League Volleyball franchise. The league began in 1987 and ended short of completing a full season in 1989. Players consisted of former collegiate All Americans and Olympians. The level of play was highly competitive (above that of even the best Division I college teams) and fast paced and utilized either a 5-1 and 6-2 offense.
The Dallas Belles placed 4th in 1987. This franchise was disbanded after one year. Games were played at the Los Field House.
Rules at the time were a bit different. The ball could not touch the net on a serve, and games were to 15 (no rally scoring). In 1988 the franchise changed the rules so that game five would move to rally scoring.
Dallas Belles' Roster: 
Lisa Franco (DS) 
Heather Hafner (OH) 
Ruth Lawanson (S/OH)
Sheryl Joseph-Moore (OH)
Laurel Brassey Kessel (S/OH)
Patty Dowdell (MB)
Penny Lucas
Claudia Lee (DS)
Ellen Crandall Orner (MB)
Paula Rideau
Kori Pulaski 
Head Coach, Ruth N. Nelson and former Head Coach at George Williams College (1970-1972); University of Houston (1973-1981); Louisiana State University (1981-1985) and the University of Iowa (1989-1991)
The Dallas Belles were the only team in the league to utilize a 6-2 offense, with Ruth Lawanson and Laurel Brassey-Kessel setting the offense. Both Lawanson and Kessel would later go on to repeat performances with the U.S. National Team to play in the 1992 and 1996 Olympics respectively.
The Belles were known as the team that began each match with Texas created original cow bells and throwing t-shirts to fans which later began a tradition in collegiate volleyball.
Ellen Orner joined the team toward the end of the season in 1987, transferring from the Chicago Breeze team. According to the commentators "she didn't quite fit in with the Chicago Breeze." Coach Rick Butler just dropped her, according to ESPN reports.

</doc>
<doc id="9625003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625003" title="Clea Hoyte">
Clea Hoyte

Clea Hoyte (born 9 August 1981) in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. She is a West Indies cricketer who played three women's one-day internationals for the West Indies in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9625007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625007" title="Limbang Airport">
Limbang Airport

Limbang Airport is an airport serving the town of Limbang, in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia. The airport is from the town centre. The airport opened on the 15 July 2004, and is capable of handling 250,000 passengers per year. It is able to handle large turboprop aircraft such as the Fokker F50 and the ATR 72-500. In 2008, the airport handled 49,181 passengers, 2,112 aircraft movements and of cargo.
History.
The old Limbang STOL (Short Take Off and Landing) airfield was built in 1963 by the British Army for use during the confrontation between Malaysia and Indonesia. Situated beside Mas Hill (Bukit Mas), about from the town of Limbang. The old airfield did not meet the safety requirements of ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization). Furthermore, the old airfield was surrounded by mountains and the approach path was covered by tall vegetation such as trees, combined with the relatively high ground. This makes it particularly hazardous and difficult for civilian aircraft to operate safely into and out of the airfield.
In 1978, a consultant firm was appointed to select a new site for a completely new airport and thus proceeded with the Master Plan Study regarding the layout of the new airport. The development plan of the new airport back then is to accommodate the Fokker F27 turboprop aircraft operation in the beginning and thereafter Boeing 737-200 jet aircraft operation.
After lengthy delays, the new Limbang Airport project started in the year 2000 and was completed in only four years. The airport was officially opened on 7 April 2004, and full operational use followed on 15 April 2004. The new runway is long and is well suited to accommodate de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter, Fokker 50 and ATR 72-500 turboprop aircraft. The new airport is located about north west of the town of Limbang.
Currently, Malaysia Airlines' subsidiary MASWings operates into and out of the airport. Other operators include Medevac and logging helicopters, and private turboprop powered aircraft. Previous users of the airport were Malaysia Airlines and former Air Asia subsidiary FAX (Fly Asian Express).

</doc>
<doc id="9625028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625028" title="Oedipus Records">
Oedipus Records

Oedipus Records is an independent record label started in Torrance, California by Gabe Abaud, Patrick Enzor, and Micheal Corso in 2002. Originally it was intended as a business venture for Corso, who has since graduated with a business degree from the University of Southern California (USC). The label was mainly run by Abaud out of his apartment in Long Beach, with help from Patrick and Jeff Enzor. Corso has since moved to Bend, Oregon. 
Since 2007-2012 the label had been dormant and Abaud and P. Enzor have relocated to Brooklyn, NY. 
In 2012 the label launched a new website and released Merry Christmas' "Her Exceptional Kindness" EP 

</doc>
<doc id="9625051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625051" title="Haresh Sharma">
Haresh Sharma

Haresh Sharma (born 1965) is a Singaporean playwright. To date, he has written more than fifty plays that have been staged all over the world, including Singapore, Melbourne, Glasgow, Birmingham, Cairo and London. Sharma has a BA from the National University of Singapore as well as an MA in Playwriting from the University of Birmingham, obtained in 1994 on a Shell-NAC Scholarship. He has also been awarded fellowships and grants by the British Council and the United States Information Service, and was conferred the Young Artist Award in 1997. His play, "Off Centre", was selected by the Ministry of Education as a Literature text for ‘N’ and ‘O’ levels, and republished by The Necessary Stage in 2006.
In August 2007, a new volume of Interlogue: Studies in Singapore Literature, was published with a focus on the works of Haresh Sharma. Interlogue is a series published by Ethos Books and edited by A/P Kirpal Singh that aims to bring critical focus on the works of Singapore writers in English. Previous editions of the series included one each on fiction, poetry, drama and interviews with local writers, as well as one dedicated volume on Singapore playwright Robert Yeo. The publication, written by Prof David Birch and edited by A/P Kirpal Singh, was an extensive investigation into Sharma's development as a writer; the themes and issues he grapples with; as well as his vision and practice of theatre within and outside his work at The Necessary Stage. While Interlogue itself was not published by The Necessary Stage, the company assisted with the provision of archival material for Prof Birch's research.
In 2010, The Necessary Stage published a new anthology of Haresh's plays entitled "Trilogy", including the scripts and production notes of three award-winning works, Fundamentally Happy, Good People and Gemuk Girls. Most recently in 2011, a collection of early short plays by Haresh Sharma entitled "Shorts I" was published by The Necessary Stage. The script of "Those Who Can't, Teach", which was restaged as part of the 2010 Singapore Arts Festival, has also been published in May 2010 by Epigram Books.
Haresh Sharma is also responsible for the Singapore's National Day Parade 2011's Fun Pack Song, a song that modified the lyrics of Lady Gaga's 'Bad Romance', which drew much criticism for its modification.
Biography.
Early life.
Born in Singapore to Indian parents, Sharma attended Tanjong Katong Secondary School, Temasek Junior College, as well as the National University of Singapore, where he majored in English Language and Literature. It was also at the National University of Singapore in 1987 where he met Alvin Tan, then a fellow undergraduate and founder of The Necessary Stage. He soon became involved in productions - first doing backstage, publicity, sound, and the occasional acting - then eventually moving on to scriptwriting when one of his plays won the NUS-Shell Short Play Competition in 1988.
References.
2. Birch, David; Kirpal Singh (ed) (2007). Interlogue - Studies in Singapore Literature, Volume 6: Haresh Sharma; The Cultural Politics of Playwriting in Contemporary Singapore: Ethos Books.

</doc>
<doc id="9625055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625055" title="Facetious Folly Feat">
Facetious Folly Feat

Facetious Folly Feat is the second full length album by Shook Ones, released on 30 October 2006 by Revelation Records. The tracks "So Grown Up" and "Slaughter of the Insole" had originally appeared on the "Slaughter of the Insole" 7" and were re-recorded for this album.
Pressing information.
First pressing: 204 on red/yellow 'starburst' vinyl, 303 on brown/yellow split color vinyl, 500 on red vinyl.
East coast tour edition: Different cover with glow in the dark ink on brown/yellow split color vinyl. Only 75 made.

</doc>
<doc id="9625067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625067" title="Hugh de Benin">
Hugh de Benin

Hugh de Benin [Benham] (died 1282) was a 13th-century bishop. If his name represents Benholm, then he may have come from an English or Anglo-Norman family recently settled in the Mearns (i.e. Kincardineshire), as the name is linguistically English, unusual in settlement names for the area in this period; the other possibility is that the name "Benholm" is an anglicized corruption of a Gaelic name in "Beinn", a possibility strengthened by the spellings "Benne" and "Benin" found in the cartulary of Arbroath Abbey. He may have been related to the Christiana Benin who married into the Lundie family of Fife. 
Hugh chose an ecclesiastical career and by 1266, if not before, he was Chancellor of the diocese of Aberdeen. His career moved forward further in the early 1270s when, after the death of the previous bishop, the chapter and dean of Aberdeen elected him as the new Bishop of Aberdeen. The decree of election was relayed to the pope by Hugh's proctors Thomas de Benin, a likely brother or relative of Hugh and his successor as Chancellor, and Roger de Castello. Hugh was consecrated at Orvieto by Pope Gregory X between 27 March and 23 July 1272.
After returning to Scotland, Hugh was back in Continental Europe in 1274 as one of the bishops of Scotland attending the Council of Lyons. Hugh was a trusted figure with both Pope Gregory and Pope Nicholas III, and was appointed several times to judge for the Pope the fitness of different Scottish bishops-elect. He was one of the most active of contemporary Scottish bishops, heading a provincial council at Perth, enjoying a good relationship with the Earl of Buchan, Alexander Comyn, and commencing new work on St Machar's Cathedral. He died early in 1282 on an island in "lacus de Gowlis" ["lacu de Goyle"; "lacu Goule"], an unidentified loch; according to one account he choked ("suffocatus fuit"), to another he died of the cold ("catarrho exundate subito interiit") and another by an ambush or to some other kind of treachery ("insidiis occubuit").

</doc>
<doc id="9625076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625076" title="Curda">
Curda

Curda is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="9625087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625087" title="Alvin Tan">
Alvin Tan

Alvin Tan is Founder and Artistic Director of The Necessary Stage (TNS) and co-Artistic Director of the M1 Singapore Fringe Festival. Under Alvin, TNS has grown from a society in 1987 to one of Singapore’s most prominent and respected theatre companies. He initiated the Company's Theatre For Youth Branch, the annual M1 Singapore Fringe Festival (previously M1 Theatre Connect and M1 Youth Connection) and the Marine Parade Theatre Festival. He has a BA from the National university of Singapore, a Diploma in Education from the Institute of Education, and an MA from the University of
Birmingham. One of the leading proponents of devising theatre in Singapore, Alvin has directed more than 40 plays, which have been staged in Singapore, Malaysia, Glasgow, Cairo, Busan, Seoul, Melbourne, Birmingham, London, Dublin, Cairo, New Delhi, Hungary and Romania. Some of these landmark productions include "Lanterns Never Go Out", "Still Building", "Pillars", "Galileo", "Koan" and "godeatgod". He was also involved in "Diaspora" in Scotland, for which he co-directed goteatgod with 7:84, a Scottish theatre company.
In 1997, Alvin was awarded a Fulbright Scholarship. The following year, he was conferred the Young Artist Award by the National Arts Council. Alvin is also strongly involved in civil society work, representing Singapore in numerous conferences and workshops around the world. Alvin was invited to participate in the World Culture Forum Alliance in São Paulo and the Conference of Asian Foundations and Organisations In Barcelona, as well as 2005's World Culture Forum in Jordan.
In December 2005, Alvin directed "Boxing Day: The Tsunami Project", a response to the tragedy of 2004, as well as "Separation 40" with Kuala Lumpur theatre group Dramalab's Zahim Albakri, which won three 2005 BOH Cameronian Arts Awards including Best Director. More recently, Alvin co-directed a collaborative project entitled "Mobile", with artists from Japan, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand. "Mobile" was a commission of the Singapore Arts Festival 2006 and had its world premiere in Singapore in June 2006. "Mobile" toured to Kuala Lumpur for a three-night run at The Actors Studio in Bangsar, and will be travelling to Japan for performances in March 2007. Alvin directed The Necessary Stage’s latest main season production, "Fundamentally Happy" held at The Necessary Stage Black Box in September 2006. The play will tour to Malaysia for stagings at The Actors Studio in January 2007, before being reprised as part of the M1 Singapore Fringe Festival 2007 at the National Museum Gallery Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="9625089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625089" title="Long Akah Airport">
Long Akah Airport

Long Akah Airport is an airport serving Long Akah in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9625092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625092" title="Alejandro Roces">
Alejandro Roces

Alejandro Reyes Roces (13 July 1924 – 23 May 2011) was a Filipino author, essayist, dramatist and a National Artist of the Philippines for literature. He served as Secretary of Education from 1961 to 1965, during the term of Philippine President Diosdado Macapagal.
Noted for his short stories, the Manila-born Roces was married to Irene Yorston Viola (granddaughter of Maximo Viola), with whom he had a daughter, Elizabeth Roces-Pedrosa. Anding attended elementary and high school at the Ateneo de Manila University, before moving to the Arizona State University for his tertiary education. He graduated with a B.A. in Fine Arts and, not long after, attained his M.A. from Far Eastern University back in the Philippines. He has since received honorary doctorates from Tokyo University, Baguio's St. Louis University, Polytechnic University of the Philippines, and the Ateneo de Manila University. Roces was a captain in the Marking’s Guerilla during World War II and a columnist in Philippine dailies such as the "Manila Chronicle" and the "Manila Times". He was previously President of the Manila Bulletin and of the CAP College Foundation. 
In 2001, Roces was appointed as Chairman of the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB). Roces also became a member of the Board of Trustees of GSIS (Government Service Insurance System) and maintained a column in the Philippine Star called Roses and Thorns.
Literary works.
During his freshman year in the University of Arizona, Roces won Best Short Story for We Filipinos are Mild Drinkers. Another of his stories, My Brother’s Peculiar Chicken, was listed as Martha Foley’s Best American Stories among the most distinctive for years 1948 and 1951. Roces did not only focus on short stories alone, as he also published books such as "Of Cocks and Kites" (1959), Fiesta (1980), and Something to Crow About (2005). Of Cocks and Kites earned him the reputation as the country's best writer of humorous stories. It also contained the widely anthologized piece “My Brother’s Peculiar Chicken”. Fiesta, is a book of essays, featuring folk festivals such as Ermita's Bota Flores, Aklan's Ati-atihan, and Naga's Peñafrancia.
Something to Crow About, on the other hand, is a collection of Roces’ short stories. The book has been recently brought to life by a critically acclaimed play of the same title; the staged version of Something to Crow About is the first Filipino zarzuela in English. This modern zarzuela tells the story of a poor cockfighter named Kiko who, to his wife's chagrin, pays more attention to the roosters than to her. Later in the story, a conflict ensues between Kiko’s brother Leandro and Golem, the son of a wealthy and powerful man, over the affections of a beautiful woman named Luningning. The resolution? A cockfight, of course. Something to Crow About won the Aliw Award for Best Musical and Best Director for a Musical Production. It also had a run off-Broadway at the La Mama Theater in New York.
Through the years, Roces has won numerous awards, including the Patnubay ng Sining at Kalinangan Award, the Diwa ng Lahi Award, the Tanging Parangal of the Gawad CCP Para sa Sining, and the Rizal Pro Patria Award. He was finally bestowed the honor as National Artist of Literature on the 25th of June 2003.
When once asked for a piece of advice on becoming a famous literary figure Roces said, "You cannot be a great writer; first, you have to be a good person".

</doc>
<doc id="9625094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625094" title="Green Spot (whiskey)">
Green Spot (whiskey)

Green Spot is a single pot still Irish whiskey, produced specifically for Mitchell & Son of Dublin, by Irish Distillers at the Midleton Distillery, Cork, Ireland. It is one of the only remaining bonded Irish whiskeys, and is currently the only brand specifically produced for and sold by an independent wine merchant in Ireland.
Green Spot was described by whiskey writer Jim Murray as "unquestionably one of the world's great whiskeys."
History.
Mitchell & Son wine merchants were established in 1805; however, it is uncertain exactly when Green Spot was first produced. It is known though, that by the 1920s Jameson's Bow Street Distillery was supplying Mitchell & Son with at least 100 sherry hogsheads of pot still distilled whiskey per annum.
Half of the casks used had previously held oloroso and other darker sherries, while the other half had held lighter finos. This was to prevent the wine from overpowering the whiskey. The whiskey was allowed to mature in the casks for five years, before being vatted and allowed to blend and mature for a further five years. It was then bottled and sold as a ten-year-old.
The blend was originally known as "Pat whiskey", and the labels carried the logo of a man on a green background.
The Mitchells sold a range of whiskeys under their ‘Spot’ brand name. This name originated from their practice of marking casks of different ages with a daub or spot of coloured paint. There was a Blue Spot, Red Spot and even a Yellow Spot, but Green Spot emerged as their most popular whiskey and is one of the few “whiskey bonder brands” to survive to modern day.
When Jameson moved production from Bow St. to Midleton, the make up of the whiskey altered for the first time in living memory. This, coupled with low stocks of maturing whiskey, led Mitchell & Son into an agreement with Irish Distillers whereby the whiskey would be matured by the distillery in their own casks, with Mitchell & Sons having sole rights to market, sell and develop the whiskey.
Current day production.
The current Green Spot is slightly younger than the original. It is a blend of 8-9 year old single pot still whiskey, 25% of which has matured in sherry casks.
500 cases (approximately 1200 bottles) are produced each year. Most of this is sold through Mitchell and Son's shop in Dublin. As a result, it is difficult to obtain outside of Ireland, except in specialist retailers.
Single pot still whiskey.
Green Spot is one of the few single pot still whiskey brands produced today (along with Irish Distillers' Redbreast and Yellow Spot). Note that all single malts are also purely from a pot still, but single pot still whiskeys use partially unmalted barley, so they cannot be technically called a single malt. Also, single malt whiskeys were generally distilled twice, whereas single pot still whiskeys were generally distilled three times.
Yellow Spot.
Mitchell & Son have announced the re-introduction of Yellow Spot Single Pot Still Irish Whiskey. The original Yellow Spot was last bottled in the 1950s. Yellow Spot contains single pot still whiskey that has been matured for 12 years in three oak cask types:
It is set to be produced annually in batches of just 500 cases, the same production level as Green Spot. Yellow Spot is bottled at 46% ABV. Most Irish whiskeys (including Green Spot) are bottled at 40% ABV.

</doc>
<doc id="9625110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625110" title="Herbert Fleishhacker">
Herbert Fleishhacker

Herbert Fleishhacker (November 2, 1872 in San Francisco – April 2, 1957 in San Francisco), son of Aaron Fleishhacker and Delia (Stern) Fleishhacker, was an American businessman, civic leader and philanthropist. He built Fleishhacker Pool, the world's largest outdoor saltwater swimming pool, in 1924. The pool continued to operate until 1971.
While serving as president of the San Francisco Parks Commission, he founded the Fleishhacker Zoo, later renamed the San Francisco Zoological Gardens. Fleishhacker was also president of the London and Paris National Bank and later the Anglo California National Bank. In November 1955, the Anglo California National Bank merged with the Crocker First National Bank.
He was married August 9, 1905 to May Belle Greenebaum (August 12, 1884; died 1976) and had one daughter, Marjorie, and two sons: Herbert Fleishhacker Jr. and Alan Fleishhacker. 
Herbert Jr. was a renowned baseball player who married a San Franciscan woman whose first marriage to an Austrian Count had ended in divorce, but his daughter from this marriage was Leonora von Wertheimer. 
It is possible that in the mid-1920s Fleishhacker had his portrait painted by the Swiss-born American artist Adolfo Müller-Ury (1862-1947) who had established a new studio home in San Marino, California in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="9625118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625118" title="Long Banga Airport">
Long Banga Airport

Long Banga Airport is an airport serving Long Banga, a village in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.
History.
The airport was a small grass airstrip until 1965. During the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation, the British Army established a forward base here and improved the airstrip with the aid of a small bulldozer parachuted in by the RAF. The land for the airport is located was donated by local villager Mr. Lale Wa.

</doc>
<doc id="9625120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625120" title="Juliana Nero">
Juliana Nero

Juliana Barbara Nero (born 14 June 1979 in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines) is a West Indies cricketer.
She has played one women's Test match and 43 women's One Day Internationals for the West Indies including the 2005 Women's Cricket World Cup in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9625125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625125" title="Chittabrata Majumdar">
Chittabrata Majumdar

Chittabrata Majumdar () (1935 – 2007) was general secretary of Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), the trade union wing of CPI(M) from 2003 till his death. He was also a member of the politburo of the party and was always considered a hard liner. His body was taken in a procession at Kolkata and donated to a hospital 
Formative years.
Born at Dhaka, now in Bangladesh in 1935, he joined the Communist Party of India (CPI) while still a student of Bangabasi College in 1954. After graduating in science he obtained another degree in textile technology. When CPI split in 1964, he joined CPI (M).
At the helm.
He was elected to the West Bengal state assembly in 1967 and was minister, in charge of cottage and small-scale industries. However, he was really a party organization man. Majumdar rose sharply within the party. He was a member of the district secretariat in Howrah in 1968, a member of the state committee in 1982, general secretary of state unit of CITU in 1991 and finally general secretary at the national level in 2003. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha.
As a CITU leader, he visited many countries, including the UK, Switzerland, Malaysia, France, Austria, North Korea, China and the then USSR.
His opinions.
Speakin during the CPM central committee’s session at Kolkata in January 2007, which discussed land policy, Majumdar emphasized, “That policy only speaks of land for Special economic zones (SEZs). The party has so far not taken any decision on how to deal with land acquisition for other industries,’’ 
Majumdar had strong views on foreign direct investment (FDI). Stating that allowing FDI in the country is compromising India's own "self reliance", he said, "No country can develop on the basis of foreign investment alone." He pointed out that an assessment should be made as to whether foreign investment is indeed beneficial to the country - in terms of employment and money generated - or just another way of international companies filling their deep pockets. 
On the eve of his joining the Rajya Sabha, he was asked whether it would send wrong signals to the industry, Majumdar said, "We are not here to liquidate industries. If our industrialists are sincere on growth, they need not get scared. In fact, this is a common phenomenon in advanced countries." 

</doc>
<doc id="9625134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625134" title="Alle mine tankar">
Alle mine tankar

"Alle mine tankar" ("All my thoughts") was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Norwegian by Silje Vige.
The song is a ballad, with Vige directing her words to a lover. It is unclear from the lyrics whether the man is in fact a lover, or whether this is an unrequited affection, as Vige appears to invest chance encounters with considerable emotional significance.
The song was performed twenty-fifth on the night, following Israel's Sarah'le Sharon & The Shiru Group with "Shiru". At the close of voting, it had received 120 points, placing 5th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1994 contest by Elisabeth Andreassen & Jan Werner Danielsen with "Duett".

</doc>
<doc id="9625148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625148" title="Long Lellang Airport">
Long Lellang Airport

Long Lellang Airport is an airport serving Long Lellang in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9625157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625157" title="The Man from Tallahassee">
The Man from Tallahassee

"The Man from Tallahassee" is the 13th episode of the 3rd season of "Lost", and the 62nd episode overall. It was aired on March 21, 2007 on ABC. The episode was written by Drew Goddard and Jeff Pinkner and directed by Jack Bender. The character of John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) is featured in the episode's flashbacks.
Plot.
Flashbacks.
After being abandoned by his girlfriend, Locke is suffering from depression and becomes a recluse. One day, a young man, Peter Talbot (Patrick J. Adams), comes at his door, and reveals Locke's father, con man Anthony Cooper (Kevin Tighe), is trying to marry his mother under a false name. Locke later goes to a florist shop where his father goes with Peter's mother. Knowing Cooper only wants to marry the woman to take her money, Locke confronts him and warns Cooper to call off the wedding and end it or he will tell the woman the truth. Cooper reluctantly agrees.
Later, Locke is approached by two detectives, who tell him Peter is dead. Realizing that Peter's death was staged by Cooper, Locke goes to Cooper's condo and confronts him, but Cooper denies any involvement. He says Peter's mother was devastated and called off the wedding, and assures Locke that he can call Peter's mother himself if he wants proof. Locke picks up the phone to call her when Cooper suddenly charges him and shoves him through the window. Locke plummets eight stories to the ground, but survives.
As Locke lies in a hospital bed, the two detectives inform him that his father has fled to Mexico and has now disappeared. They leave as a physiotherapist lifts Locke out of bed and places him in his wheelchair for the first time.
On the Island.
Outside the Others' compound, Locke, Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews), Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly) and Danielle Rousseau (Mira Furlan) are shocked to see Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) interacting familiarly with the Others, and Kate insists that the Others have done something to him.
As Rousseau slips away, the others away sneak up into the compound. Kate enters Jack's house and despite her insistence that she will not leave without him, he refuses to go. The door bursts open and two armed Others apprehend her, bringing along a struggling Sayid.
Meanwhile, Locke enters the house of Ben Linus (Michael Emerson). Locke wakes up Ben and threatens him, demanding he reveal the location of the submarine. They are interrupted — first by Ben's teenage daughter Alex (Tania Raymonde), whom Locke grabs and hides with in the closet, and then by Tom (M.C. Gainey) and an unseen Richard Alpert (Nestor Carbonell), who tells Ben that they captured Kate and Sayid trying to rescue Jack. Ben tells Tom to separate the two and interrogate them, and instructs Richard to bring him the man from Tallahassee. After the two leave, Locke asks Alex to get Sayid's pack, and Ben concludes he is doing so to destroy the Others' submarine.
Jack visits the imprisoned Kate to tell her that he made a deal with the Others to let him go home. Alex gets Sayid's pack from him. As she leads Locke to the submarine - not knowing her mother is watching her from the bushes - Alex tells Locke that Ben is manipulating him, because he manipulates everyone. After Jack confronts Ben, demanding his friends be released after he leaves the island, Jack and Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell) are escorted to the dock. They run into Locke as he is walking back up the dock. Jack asks what he is doing there; Locke simply replies "I'm sorry" as the submarine explodes behind him.
Later, Locke is locked in a room. Ben and Richard open the door, and Locke reveals that he knows Ben wanted him to blow up the sub. Ben reveals that he wanted to find a way to keep Jack from leaving the island, but did not know how to; Locke had solved this problem. Ben and Richard lead Locke down a hallway, and Ben tells him that, for whatever reason, Locke is "in communion" with the island, and that makes him "very, very important." Ben then takes Locke to a room where his father, Anthony Cooper (Kevin Tighe), is being held captive.
Trivia.
Spoiler 
After Locke falls to the ground, Jacob heals him. This was revealed in "The Incident".
Production.
Exposé can be heard on the TV Locke watches in his apartment.
During the last flashback, you can see Anthony Cooper serving a bottle of MacCutcheon 60 Whisky to Locke, the same type used by Mr. Widmore (Penelope's father) and Desmond, Charlie and Hurley in 'Flashes Before Your Eyes', and Sayid in 'He's Our You'
For the scene where Locke is thrown out the window, the footage of Terry O'Quinn ended when Locke is behind a pillar. Afterwards it is a stunt double, who also crashed through a fake window. The aerial scene of Locke falling had the same double falling attached to a harness in front of a bluescreen. The submarine was mostly a prop made of painted styrofoam over a steel structure, but its interior was shot inside the SS-287 at the USS Arizona Memorial.
Awards.
Terry O'Quinn submitted this episode for consideration for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards, an award he would go on to win. It was also sent for consideration for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series.

</doc>
<doc id="9625175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625175" title="The Rainard School">
The Rainard School

Rainard School for Gifted Students is a private school located in Houston, Texas, United States serving children 4 years through 12th grade who are identified as academically gifted.
The Rainard School is located outside of Beltway 8 and north of Interstate 10 in an outerlying portion of western Houston in an area known as Spring Branch.
The School.
Rainard was founded by Dr. Lorraine Bouchard and opened in 1986. After 19 years at its former location at 13922 Old Katy Road, The Rainard School moved to a new four acre wooded campus at 11059 Timberline [http://www.rainard.org/cgi-bin/site.cgi?p=Campus.html&t=5] in fall 2005. The school was renamed "Rainard School for Gifted Students" in 2010. The school is the only non-profit 501c(3) K-12 school in the Houston area totally devoted to gifted students with IQs of 135 and higher. 
The current Co-Heads of School are Patrinia Sandles-Baksmaty, Director of Administration & Culture and Krissy Venosdale, Director of Faculty & Curriculum. The school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and has memberships in Houston Association of Independent Schools, National Association of Gifted Children, Texas Association for the Gifted and Talented, Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development, National Association for College Admission Counseling, Texas Association for College Admission Counseling, and College Board.
Daily tours are free and available to those interested in either the school or the summer program.
Curriculum.
Gifted students require special individual curricula because the imbalance between their intellectual skills for their age and the social age skills and emotional age skills they possess. If their special needs are not met, these student are subject to various vulnerabilities that can result in the student not realizing his or her full potential or face significant social or emotional challenges.
Classes are multi-age, multi-level to help address their asynchronous development with a given classroom spanning three to four traditional grade levels. The school has a target of a maximum 12 to 1 student to teacher ratio in the lower school and 9 to 1 in the middle school and high school. As of 2013, the school's total enrollment is approximately 75 students. 
Rainard also offers a gifted and talented summer program called Summer Incitement! http://www.summerincitement.org for students 4 1/2 years of age through 11th grade on the main campus located one block north of the Katy Freeway (I-10) between where Wilcrest and Kirkwood meet I-10.

</doc>
<doc id="9625183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625183" title="Long Seridan Airport">
Long Seridan Airport

Long Seridan Airport is an airport serving Long Seridan in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9625212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625212" title="Marudi Airport">
Marudi Airport

Marudi Airport is an airport in Marudi, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9625220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625220" title="Clouds Blur the Rainbow">
Clouds Blur the Rainbow

Clouds Blur the Rainbow: The Other Side of New Alliance Party is a non-fiction report by Chip Berlet, published in 1987 by Political Research Associates (PRA). Berlet presents his view that Lenora Fulani and her campaign manager and tactician Fred Newman "use totalitarian deception to manipulate social and political activists, and describe Newman and Fulani's therapeutic approach, Social Therapy, as "totalitarian cultism".
Berlet concludes that the relationship between the New Alliance Party and the Social Therapy practice of Newman and Fulani was "manipulative and unethical", and that "the NAP must be judged in the context of being a political movement that lacks clarity concerning basic moral issues involving personal and political exploitation."
Portions of the report appeared in an issue of the Marxist journal "Radical America" published in November 1988 under the title "Fiction and the New Alliance Party." The introduction by the journal's editors article noted that Fulani's New Alliance Party has attracted people "seeking something radical", but that the NAP had failed the journal's test for a "legitimate left organization", that NAP and its affiliates "were not just other legitimate groups with whom we must co-exist", and that the readers of the report who find anyone who is attracted to Fulani's NAP should "actively try to dissuade them from pursuing this course".
Cited in secondary works.
Berlet and Lyons cite the report in their 2000 work, "Right-Wing Populism in America: Too Close for Comfort". The report is cited in Evan Mandery's 2001 book on the history of political campaigns, "Eyes on City Hall", and in an essay in the 2002 book "My Enemy's Enemy".
In citing "Clouds Blur the Rainbow" in a 2004 article, Doug Ireland of "The Nation" referred to Chip Berlet as "Political Research Associates' excellent senior analyst". The same article criticized what the author referred to as "the ultrasectarian cult-racket formerly known as the New Alliance Party." The work is also cited by Dennis Tourish and Tim Wohlforth, in their book: "On the Edge: Political cults right and left". "The Buffalo News" also cited the work in an article analyzing the New Alliance Party.
Responses by defenders of Newman.
Defenders of Newman note that the report was published and distributed during the 1988 Presidential campaign of Marxist psychologist and political activist Lenora Fulani. Fulani went on to garner a quarter of a million votes and became the first African American and first woman to achieve ballot status in all 50 states. 
In a 1991 interview, Newman described the criticisms as "absurd" and the product of jealousies on the left, and claimed that the majority of social therapy clients don't involve themselves in his political activities. In the "Boston Globe" in 1992, Fulani claimed "the entire thing is a lie", and cited what she described as Political Research Associates ties to the Democratic Party. 
Berlet's claims of cultism have been disputed by some of Newman's peers in the therapeutic milieu. According to British psychologist Ian Parker, "Even those and Holzman who have been marked by the FBI as a 'cult' may still be a source of useful radical theory and practice. Like a weed, a cult is something that is growing in the wrong place. We would want to ask 'wrong' for who, and whether it might sometimes be right for us. We have no desire to line up with the psychological establishment to rule out of the debate those who offer something valuable to anti-racist, feminist or working-class practice."
The report and the FBI.
The report also figured in a 1993 lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by Fulani and Newman against the FBI and Janet Reno. FBI documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act showed that the FBI had classified Fulani's New Alliance Party as a "political cult" which "should be considered armed and dangerous." A copy of "Clouds Blur the Rainbow" was amongst the items that were contained in the FBI files.
Newman, Fulani and the New Alliance Party challenged the FBI in the lawsuit, asserting the FBI "political cult" labeling had violated their constitutional rights, and was using private third-party organizations to evade federal guidelines prohibiting investigations of political organizations in the absence of evidence of criminal activity. In her ruling on the case, Federal judge Constance Baker Motley ruled that the "political cult" charge "could not be directly traced to the 1988 FBI investigation", and that "any stigmatization which NAP suffers could be traced to a myriad of statements and publications made by private individuals and organizations, many of which preceded the FBI investigation.
Berlet, while upholding the charge of cultism, was critical of the FBI, noting that FBI characterizations were "not a protection of civil liberties but a smear of a group." "Washington City Paper" reporter Kelvyn Anderson wrote at the time that the FBI investigation "sends a chilling political message: Groups outside of the political norm operate at their own risk and should expect state-sanctioned surveillance and intrusion into their affairs."
Lenora Fulani referred to the report in a public address in 2006, saying: ""It was all a pack of lies – making false allegations of anti-Semitism and cultism against me and Dr. Newman. It was fairly vicious."". In an article on "BlackElectorate.com", Fulani characterized the book as a "diatribe" written by "white leftists."

</doc>
<doc id="9625238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625238" title="Northcoast Preparatory and Performing Arts Academy">
Northcoast Preparatory and Performing Arts Academy

Northcoast Preparatory and Performing Arts Academy is an independent public Charter High school located in Arcata, California.
History.
NPA was founded in 2000 as the high school branch of the Northcoast Charter Network, providing a college preparatory program with a strong emphasis on the arts and sciences. In August, 2004 the International Baccalaureate Organization granted NPA status as an IB World School offering the IB Diploma Programme.
In 2009, NPA was ranked as the 30th top public high school in the United States by Newsweek Magazine. [http://www.newsweek.com/id/201160?tid=relatedcl]
In 2010, NPA was ranked as the 23rd top public high school in the United States by Newsweek Magazine. [http://www.newsweek.com/feature/2010/americas-best-high-schools/list.html?tid=relatedc2]
In 2011, NPA was ranked as the 12th top public high school in the United States by The Washington Post. [http://apps.washingtonpost.com/highschoolchallenge/schools/2011/list/national/northcoast-prep-and-performing-arts-academy-arcata-ca/]
Curriculum.
The school’s curriculum focuses on college preparatory and the IB Diploma Programme, plus a broad range of opportunities including: 
The school’s program also permits students to take advantage of courses taught at College of the Redwoods, the local 2-year college, and at Humboldt State University.
Each year there are at least two major dramatic productions, which are produced first locally and then sometimes performed in the countries to which students travel that year.
Sports.
Sports at NPA include Men and Women's Varsity Tennis, Co-Ed Basketball, and Co-Ed Cross Country. 

</doc>
<doc id="9625257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625257" title="Inventory analysis">
Inventory analysis

Inventory analysis is the process of understanding the stock/product mix combined with the knowledge of the demand for stock/product.

</doc>
<doc id="9625262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625262" title="DigiOn">
DigiOn

DigiOn, Inc. is a Japanese software company that develops multimedia, storage and networking products. It is headquartered in Fukuoka, Fukuoka, and has branch offices in Tokyo and Taipei.
It is a promoter member of the Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) and in November 2003, its DiXiM Media Server became the world's first media server software to acquire UPnP certification.

</doc>
<doc id="9625265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625265" title="KKSY-FM">
KKSY-FM

KKSY-FM (96.5 FM, "96.5 Kiss Country") is a 100,000 watt radio station in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. It is a country music formatted station owned by Clear Channel Communications.
History.
KKSY-FM signed on February 27, 1963, as WMT-FM at 96.5 FM with an easy listening, jazz and classical music format. There were 90-minute classical music segments in the morning and evening with regular programs of jazz and music from Broadway musicals. Some of those early announcers were Keith Webster, Bill Dutcher, Don John Ross, Bill Grubbe, and Jim Wicks as well as other WMT announcers who took the helm of hosting on FM. In the early days, programming was totally separate from WMT radio but in the late 1960s, WMT-FM started simulcasting the 15-minute newscasts of WMT AM 600 several times a day. In the 1970s, it became a full-time "beautiful music" station before adopting an adult contemporary format in the early 1980s in an era when many beautiful music stations went to a soft rock or more contemporary format. WMT-FM's studios have been located at Broadcast Park on Collins Road in Cedar Rapids, along with its AM sister station WMT and TV station KGAN (the former WMT-TV), since it signed on. Until the 1970s, the studios of WMT radio was located on the fifth floor of the historic Paramount Theater building in downtown Cedar Rapids. It was one of the few stations with a callsign beginning with W located west of the Mississippi River.
The station was known for their "time warp weekends" and long standing tradition of being heavily involved in the Cedar Rapids community. The station hosts "Uptown Friday Nights" every Friday night in downtown Cedar Rapids. The station often joins up with WMT for special promotional events, and simulcasts during severe weather conditions.
WMT-FM ended its longtime hot adult contemporary format on December 27, 2011, when Clear Channel transferred the country format from KKSY (95.7 FM); after a temporary simulcast period, 95.7 FM began to simulcast WMT on January 2, 2012 and eventually took the KWMG call letters on January 17, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9625267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625267" title="Liv Arnesen">
Liv Arnesen

Liv Ragnheim Arnesen (born June 1, 1953) is a Norwegian educator, cross-country skier, adventurer, guide, and motivational speaker. Arnesen led the first unsupported women’s crossing of the Greenland Ice Cap in 1992. In 1994, she made international headlines becoming the first woman in the world to ski solo and unsupported to the South pole. – a 50-day expedition of 745 miles (1,200 km).
Early life.
Arnesen grew up in Bærum, Norway on the outskirts of Oslo where at an early age, her parents immersed her in their passions: cross-country skiing and polar history. At an early age, Arnesen acquired her taste for the great wide open spaces while spending winters and Easter holidays in the Norwegian mountains]. Her love of athletics and the outdoors eventually led Arnesen to compete in orienteering and cross-country skiing, as well as to coach high school students in advanced-level cross-country skiing. At the age of 9, Liv read about Roald Amundsen’s expedition to the South Pole [].
Expeditions.
Greenland 1992.
In 1992, Liv took part in a team which became the first all-woman team to make an unsupported crossing of the Greenland icecap.
South Pole 1994.
In her book ‘Good Girls do not Ski to the South Pole’, Liv details her first solo-encounter with the Antarctic. Without support, Liv skied 745 miles and reached the South Pole in 50 days.
Mount Everest, North Ridge 1996.
In 1996, Arnesen attempted to reach the top of Mount Everest but had to retreat as she developed incipient high altitude cerebral edema.
Antarctica 2001.
Arnesen and American polar explorer Ann Bancroft become the first women in history to sail and ski across Antarctica’s landmass — completing a 94-day, 1,717-mile (2,747 km) trek.
Arctic Ocean 2005.
In 2005, following 2 years of preparation, Bancroft and Arnesen embarked on an attempt to make history as the first women to ski across the Arctic Ocean. Due to bureaucracy, all Arctic expeditions of 2005 were forced to evacuate the Arctic Ocean and forgo their dreams.
Arctic Ocean 2007.
On March 12, the BAE team was forced to abandon Arctic Ocean 2007, a 530-mile (853-kilometer) unsupported slog to the North Pole. Bancroft and Arnesen hoped to use their expedition to teach children around the world about climate change, but spring temperatures weren't cooperating.
New project/expedition.
Arnesen and Bancroft are currently planning an international expedition of women to the South Pole. Both will return to Antarctica, compelled by global challenges and the access they have to millions of schoolchildren around the world, thanks to past expeditions. Their goal is to reach 50 million children, talking about the freshwater crisis.
Motivational speaker.
Arnesen is a motivational speaker for corporations, schools, and non-profit organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="9625280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625280" title="Undistributed profits tax">
Undistributed profits tax

The undistributed profits tax was enacted in 1936 by the United States administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt (FDR), during the Great Depression. The UP tax was a revenue program for FDR's New Deal. The act was controversial even within FDR's United States Treasury Department, as some economists such as Alfred G. Buehler thought that it would harm the ability of business to put capital towards company growth. In particular, Buehler reasoned that the UP tax would hit small business especially hard, as smaller businesses have fewer options in raising capital than large ones, usually by keeping a percentage of their profits for re-investment back into the business. The UP Tax was part of FDR's "Second New Deal".
The bill established the principle that retained corporate earnings could be taxed. The idea was to force businesses to distribute profits in dividend and wages, instead of saving or reinvesting them. In the end, Congress watered down the bill, setting the tax rates at 7 to 27% and largely exempting small enterprises.
Conservative critics of the New Deal considered this a burden on business growth. Facing widespread and fierce criticism, the tax was reduced to 2½ percent in 1938 and completely eliminated in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="9625282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625282" title="The Heritage School, Newnan">
The Heritage School, Newnan

The Heritage School is a school in Newnan, GA. It was founded in 1970 as an independent, college preparatory, nonsectarian day school with students from three years of age through high school. The Heritage School is a non-profit corporation.
Athletics and Clubs.
Athletic fields include football, soccer, baseball/softball as well as a track; the wooded campus is also a favored cross-country meet locale. Several acres of the campus are set aside for the Outdoor Adventure Area and the Nature Trail, including a creek, climbing walls and ropes course. There are four tennis courts. Heritage also boasts a Swim team and Golf team. Next year, they will be starting an Equestrian program.
The football team played its first game in August 2006 and appeared in their first playoff game in 2008.
The baseball team has been a finalist for the GISA AA championship in 2008 and 2009 and won the state championship in 2010. The girls soccer team was the State Runner-Up in 2009. The boys basketball team won the state championship in 2002. The boys and girls cross country teams won the team state championship in 2010, and are the most successful Cross Country program in GISA history. The Heritage Tennis Program has also won both the 2011 and 2012 GISA-AA state championships. The Men's tennis team also captured the 2013 GISA AAA state championship over Stratford Academy. The football program won the 2AAA region championship in 2012 while finishing runner up in the state championship.
Fine arts.
Heritage has a very active fine arts program. This includes AP art classes. The school band, Talons, performs regularly around the Newnan area. The choir has won various singing competitions and gives three concerts each year. The drama department has a long legacy of producing quality shows and has won numerous titles at the regional and state competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9625284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625284" title="HMS Speaker">
HMS Speaker

Several ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Speaker":

</doc>
<doc id="9625288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625288" title="1920 NSWRFL season">
1920 NSWRFL season

The 1920 New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership was the thirteenth season of Sydney's professional rugby league football club competition, Australia's first. The introduction of a Sydney University side saw nine teams from across the city contest during he season. Balmain were crowned premiers by virtue of finishing the season on top of the League. 1920 was also the last year of the Annandale club after thirteen seasons.
Season summary.
In a round 7 game between Glebe and University Frank Burge scored eight tries which remains the standing record for the most tries by an individual in a NSWRL/NRL premiership match. Arthur Oxford set the pace in goal kicking, scoring 29 goals in three games. He also took the record of most goals in succession (23) which would stand until 1978.
The NSWRFL ran the City Cup competition for the second half of the season.
The Balmain Tigers again dominated the season, while University's first year was a disappointment. Balmain played consistently and defensively throughout the season except for a slip-up 13-30 loss to Eastern Suburbs in Round 10. Holding a seven point lead on the premiership ladder with three rounds left to play secured their fifth premiershp in six years. The final three rounds were left unplayed and no Finals were contested.
Teams.
With the addition of Sydney University's team, the League was again at nine sides. At the end of the season however, Annandale exited the League.

</doc>
<doc id="9625289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625289" title="Eagle Bay, New York">
Eagle Bay, New York

Eagle Bay is a hamlet on Route 28 in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, New York. Eagle Bay is on the border of the Herkimer and Hamilton counties, and borders Fourth Lake. Its permanent population is 293 spread out among 968 housing units (838 units are not permanently occupied).

</doc>
<doc id="9625293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625293" title="Colin Buchanan (actor)">
Colin Buchanan (actor)

Colin Buchanan (born 1966) is a Scottish actor who is best known for playing Pascoe in the BBC television series "Dalziel and Pascoe" which commenced in March 1996 and ran until June 2007.
Career.
Buchanan's breakthrough television role came in the detective series "A Touch of Frost" in 1994 playing Constable Austin in three episodes. In 1996 he commenced playing Peter Pascoe in "Dalziel and Pascoe". Buchanan has also appeared in comedy drama television series "All Quiet on the Preston Front" (later called "Preston Front"), "The Bill", "Between the Lines", "Dangerfield", "Heartbeat", "Space Island One" and "Brief Encounters". 
Buchanan had a supporting role in the feature movie "Red Hot" (1993) also starring Donald Sutherland and Balthazar Getty, a featured role in "Witness Against Hitler" (1995), starred in the television movie of Agatha Christie's "The Pale Horse" (1996) as Mark Easterbrook. Another BBC TV role Buchanan had was as the aristocratic seducer of Moll, in 'The Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders' (1996). He also starred as Freddie Musgrave in Catherine Cookson's "The Secret" (1999). In 2009 he co-starred in the CBC TV film "Diverted".
Colin Buchanan has narrated several Reginald Hill audio books, including "Deadheads" and "Exit Lines".
Personal life.
Buchanan was born in Edinburgh, Scotland and brought up in Dundee, Scotland. He is a graduate of the Drama Centre London (1991). Buchanan and his long-term partner Kim have two daughters. He is a keen supporter of Birmingham City F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="9625299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625299" title="Grace Raymond Hebard">
Grace Raymond Hebard

Grace Raymond Hebard (July 2, 1861 – October 1936) gained prominence as a Wyoming historian, suffragist, pioneering scholar, prolific writer, political economist and noted University of Wyoming educator. Hebard's standing as a historian in part rose from her years trekking Wyoming's high plains and mountains seeking first-hand accounts of Wyoming's early pioneers. Today her books on Wyoming history are sometimes challenged due to Hebard's tendency to romanticize the Old West, spurring questions regarding accuracy of her research findings. In particular, her conclusion after decades of field research that Sacajawea (participant in the Lewis and Clark Expedition) was buried in Wyoming's Wind River Indian Reservation is called into question.
Yet Hebard didn't let critics limit her. She served as the first female on the University of Wyoming Board of Trustees, where she exercised authority over the university finances, its president, and faculty. Her University of Wyoming role extended to establishing the university's first library. Moreover, Hebard served as a professor for 28 years. Hebard also broke new ground when she became the first woman admitted to the Wyoming State Bar Association (1898); admitted to practice before the Wyoming Supreme Court (1914); and appointed by her peers as vice president of the National Society of Women Lawyers.
Whether it be as a legal professional, educator, or feminist, the Iowa native spearheaded her own one-woman progressive movement. The range rider seemed to be constantly on the stump in Wyoming giving speeches, organizing historical associations, conducting citizenship classes for immigrants, participating in the local and national suffragist movement, lobbying for child-welfare laws, serving as a Red Cross volunteer, and traveling the state selling war bonds during World War I.
Background.
Grace Hebard was born in the Mississippi river town of Clinton, Iowa, on July 2, 1861 to Rev. George Diah Alonzo Hebard (1831–1870) and Margaret E. Dominick Hebard (Marven). Her family soon moved to Iowa City where her father, a missionary and a later territorial legislator, built a new Presbyterian church. Hebard took her B.S. in what is now civil engineering at the University of Iowa in 1882. She was a member of Pi Beta Phi Women's Fraternity. Hebard became the first woman to "be graduated from the Civil Engineering Dep(artment) of the University," according to documents at the University of Iowa Library. In later years, Hebard reflected in a 1928 letter to a colleague on her singular experience as a female engineering student:
"I met with many discouragements and many sneers and much opposition to my enrolling in the scientific course, which was then entirely a man's college. ... All kinds of discouraging predictions were made that I would fail, that it was impossible or a woman to do the kind of work I was undertaking."
Hebard later resumed her studies by correspondence and earned an M.A. from the University of Iowa in 1885. Finally, again by correspondence, she received her Ph.D. in political science from Illinois Wesleyan University in 1893.
Hebard made her way west in 1882 to Cheyenne, eight years before Wyoming became a state in 1890. Hebard arrived at the future capital city in the company of her mother and brothers; Fred, Lockwood, and her sister, Alice. She became part of the social scene with other young people at the newly constructed Cheyenne Club, where cattle barons, often wealthy Europeans, held sway over Cheyenne. Yet general violence and roughness were still common. Rowdy cowhands wearing guns in the saloons and prostitutes openly plying their trade in brothels made for a sometimes raucous downtown. Citizens were known to hand out their own form of retribution, however, if things got out of hand. For example, in 1883 a crowd lynched an accused murderer, leaving him hanging from a Cheyenne telephone pole.
Hebard's college education distinguished her from such local citizens. The young engineer found work at the surveyor general's office, where she served as the only female draftsman in the city, according to the University of Wyoming archives. Hebard rose to the position of deputy state engineer, reporting at first to Elwood Mead. Mead made his mark drafting Wyoming Territory water laws and later as head of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
Yet engineering was not to be Hebard's calling. Instead, after nine years in Cheyenne, she left her family and ventured 50 miles west across a boulder-strewn mountain range to the railroad town of Laramie. This small town in Southeastern Wyoming, which began as a tent city mid-1860s, was home to a fledgling university when Hebard arrived in 1891. Laramie's scruffy prairie campus became the locale from which Hebard launched a storied career in higher education, devoting more than 45 years (1891–1936) to the University of Wyoming.
Influential University Trustee.
She administered from a position of strength, ranging from setting university policy to managing its finances. Hebard directed the university's finances with near independence, excluding an annual review, from any administrative oversight of the daily expenditures she authorized. Hebard later remarked that "The Trustees gave me a great deal of power, and I used it." 
The university struggled financially during the recession years of the mid-1890s. The six high schools in sparsely-populated Wyoming in 1894 could muster but eight graduates from which the university could seek to enroll freshman students. The under-funded university relied upon federal research grants to its Agricultural Experiment Station. The president of the board of trustees, with Hebard as secretary, chaired this important arm of the university. Hebard consolidated her position with the Agricultural Experiment Station, as she had with the trustees, into one of decision-making authority.
The influence that Hebard exercised over the university finances, its president, and faculty was considerable. Rumors emerged that conflict with Hebard and her oversight of faculty appointments prompted President A. A. Johnson to resign. Her "iron rule" of campus invariably revolved around her authority over finances, including expenditures of federal grants. Questions about the use and perhaps misuse of federal funds arose, sparking increased scrutiny of the board of trustees, all of whom were Republicans.
Democratic furor at the "Republican regime" played out in the local newspapers where 1907 charges of graft and partisan awarding of university printing contracts and improper expenditures of federal grants brought fierce criticism of Hebard's authority and domination, according to university historian Deborah Hardy. The state's Democratic press piled on. One sharply worded account claimed: "It's a standing remark in Laramie that no professor or employee of the institution can hold his job without being branded 'OK' by Miss Secretary Hebard, and whenever she decrees it the president's head will fall in the basket." Yet despite the uproar, a governor-appointed investigative commission found "that there had been no interference by Miss Hebard." Nonetheless, still under attack from the press and internally at the university, Hebard resigned as secretary to the trustees.
The end of Hebard's university administrative career in 1908 marked the beginning a rich phase in her teaching, writing, and field research. In 1908, the same university board which had been under the harsh spotlight of public criticism during Hebard's tenure as trustee appointed her as full professor. Hebard held the post until she died 28 years later.
Author.
Grace Hebard continued breaking new ground when she became the university's first librarian. Hebard assumed the role of librarian, without pay, beginning in 1894. She established a library from some "sacks of books" that she found in a small locked room at the university. Hebard received appointment as the university's first official librarian in 1908. Hebard continued serving as librarian until 1919. The catalogued collection of books had grown to 42,000 volumes by the end of her tenure. Hebard launched her formal career as a classroom teacher when she received an appointment in 1906 as the university's head of the Department of Political Economy.
Hebard extended her academic activities to include serving on an advisory board for the Wyoming Historical Association. This affiliation helped point her towards her new research pursuit, spearheading trail marking in Wyoming for the Oregon Trail and other pioneer routes. Hebard's work included mapping old trails in Wyoming, particularly the Oregon Trail. However, she contributed more than cartography. Hebard began collecting historical documents and other materials regarding Wyoming history.
Moreover, she traveled the state, seeking interviews with Old West pioneers and spent several summers among the Shoshone Indians of Wyoming. Prior to her death in 1936, Hebard bequeathed her collection to the University of Wyoming. Her papers characteristically included her own maps, publications, field books, and writings. Her often romanticized view of the Old West shaped the books that she wrote on Wyoming history. Hebard's published works include:
Illness and ultimately her death ended progress on what would have been Hebard's final book, an account of the Pony Express. Famed frontiersman and expeditionary photographer William Henry Jackson collaborated with Hebard as an illustrator in 1933 and 1934. He provided water colors and sketches for her unpublished manuscript. Hebard's association with Jackson began in 1920, when her research led to a request for a copy of a photograph of Chief Washakie made by Jackson during the Hayden Geological Survey.
Mythmaker.
The U.S. Census Bureau declared the western frontier closed in 1890, eight years after Grace Hebard’s arrival in Cheyenne at 21 years of age. Yet for Grace Hebard, the grand sweep of the mythic West stretched wide open to interpretation, resulting in Hebard placing her research subjects in a "highly romanticized" West.
Critics such as author Mike Mackey assert that "Hebard's 'histories' have resulted in many interpretations in Wyoming of past events which never took place, but are now believed by many in the state to be facts." He adds that "Often when the facts did not support her thesis, Hebard made up her own 'facts.'"
In particular, Hebard's 30 years of research which lead to the 1933 biography of the Shoshone woman who accompanied the Lewis and Clark Expedition is called into question by critics. Hebard presents a stout-hearted woman in a biography that is “undeniably long on romance and short on hard evidence, suffering from a sentimentalization of Indian culture".
Hebard crafts a picture of Sacajawea as a restless spirit who wandered to Canada, Washington State, California, Arizona, Wyoming, and beyond. A person, according to testimony gathered by Hebard, so revered by the Whites that she rode stagecoaches for free and who "rendered great service both in urging the Shoshones to learn to farm ... and that the buffalo and other game animals would soon be gone."
If Sacajawea appears as a grand figure in Hebard's writings, so do Sacajawea's descendants. Consider for instance the heroic imagery Hebard uses in "Sacajawea" when she describes 90-year-old Maggie Bazil Large, whom Hebard contends was the granddaughter of Sacajawea. Hebard, without citing a source, recounts when Large reportedly attended the funeral of a person who was, according to Hebard, another descendant of Sacajawea. Hebard describes Large as a woman who "exhibited great energy in an emergency" when the ropes used to lower a coffin became fouled. Hebard further expands on the actions of the valiant Large:
"An ancient, white-haired woman sprang forward, took the ropes in her own hands, and, bracing herself, successfully lowered the box to its resting place with a dexterity that challenged the skill of the young men present. She seems to have possessed something of the alertness, power to do, and energy of her grandmother .
Hebard reveals the lens through which she viewed the subject of her research during a 1915 visit to Sacajawea's reported grave in isolated Central Wyoming:
"In August, 1915, the author made a pilgrimage to the cemetery of the Wind river reservation for the purpose of paying humble tribute to Sacajawea. ... A well-beaten path from the wooden stile to Sacjawea's grave makes no guide post necessary. Annually thousands of people journey to this last resting place... ."
In retrospect, Hebard's reputation as a historian is diminished by her reliance upon unsubstantiated oral histories she gathered from Native Americans as she "prosecuted her search for authentic historical material which would enable her to rescue Sacajawea from the semi-oblivion into which her name had fallen, and give to her legitimate place in the history of the great northwest." However, the claim continues today that Hebard's research placing Sacajawea at the Wyoming Indian Reservation was largely one of mistaken identity.
Nonetheless, Hebard stood firm regarding her Sacajawea findings. She held to her viewpoint that she had demonstrated, "beyond a question of doubt", the true identify of Sacajawea. Hebard had a final piece of evidence to present. About one year before her death in 1936 Hebard revealed a "secret" to her protégé Agnes Wright Spring that she asked Wright not to reveal until after Hebard's death. Hebard shared that the Indians had given her a name while doing research on the Wind River Indian Reservation. The Indians, Hebard said, had named her Zont-Tumah-Two-Wiper-Hinze, meaning: the good white woman, the woman with one tongue. "They Indians felt, she said, that she was telling the truth about their Indian ancestor."
Hebard is still an important figure, according to historian Phil Roberts, despite shortcomings in her research. Roberts notes that Hebard "was conscious of the need to chronicle the history of Wyoming while many of the actors were still alive. Unfortunately, she was constrained by the same problems faced by today’s historians. Without dependable source materials, one can make false assumptions that may not reflect the historical record."
Trail trekker.
Hebard was a tumbleweed of activity. Summers often found her bouncing along Wyoming's sagebrush rangeland, sometimes by horse and wagon and later by automobile, searching for Oregon Trail ruts or seeking to locate yet another historic site or pioneer to corner for an interview. Only after the High Plain's long winter had retreated would conditions become favorable for Hebard's expeditions. Although the record shows that she sometimes strapped on snowshoes to continue her explorations in the winter. But even summer treks presented difficulties. Thunder boomers easily turned the primitive tracks that then served as roads into impassable quagmires of Wyoming mud.
Summer rains producing axle-deep mud were but part of the problem. She noted while marking the Oregon Trail in Western Wyoming with Civil War veteran and former bullwhacker H.G. Nickerson that she traveled:
"...with a team horses about 800 miles, consuming the warm months of the summer of 1913 and 1914, with much inconvenience and hardship, owing to the frequent rains storms, and often high winds, deep dust and the mosquitoes, the insects often driving us from the streams out in the hills or plains to camp, making camping in the open country very disagreeable."
Hebard particularly recognized the efforts of Nickerson in Wyoming trail marking. Nickerson, who had lived in the South Pass area since 1868, later became president of the Oregon Trail Commission of Wyoming. Hebard saluted his work locating and marking old western trails during a period of eight years noting that:
"Here and there Captain Nickerson has placed stones, boulders and slabs of native material on which he, in the open, has carved with his chisels and mallet inscriptions and notations.
Trail marking naturally often included remote locations. Yet Wyoming's isolated rangeland and mountain passes did not prevent trail boosters such as Hebard and the Daughters of the American Revolution from staging formal unveiling ceremonies with a pageantry of music and "religious, patriotic and historical exercises, prayer, national songs and addresses."
Stone markers placed by Nickerson, Ezra Meeker, Hebard, and others (some weighing several tons) are still found throughout Wyoming and are monuments to the state's early historic preservation efforts.
Americanization.
Of all Grace Hebard's accomplishments, she reportedly valued her Americanization work as “perhaps most precious.” Scholar Frank Van Nuys notes that a "Wyoming News" testimonial expressed in 1935 that Dr. Hebard's "certificates of preparation for naturalization were accepted by the United States District Court in lieu of examinations for citizenship."
Van Nuys goes on to note: 
"That sort of clout suggests that Grace Hebard's Americanization enterprise beginning in 1916 deserves some scrutiny. While the evidence of her work is fragmentary, it nonetheless places Hebard within an essentially progressive tradition of qualified optimism about immigrants’ ability to assimilate to Anglo-American cultural norms.
Hebard's indoctrination of new Americans came on the heels of the greatest wave of migrants to every enter the country. Millions of new immigrants from Eastern and Southern Europe entered the United States, mostly through Ellis Island, from 1880 to 1915. New Americans, with their new languages, foods, and customs were not always welcome. One of the early targets where the Chinese who were locked out from immigrating to the U. S. by the Chinese Seclusion Act. This federal act passed in 1882 coincided with Hebard's arrival in Cheyenne.
Hebard's progressive work with immigrants in Laramie would have been in stark contrast to the national tension between residents and immigrants. Such tension spurred the National Origins Act of 1924, which favored Northern European immigrants, but restricted East European Jews.
Hebard's view of immigration from the High Plains of Wyoming would have been shaped by news that reached her while living in Cheyenne. On September 2, 1885, rioters killed at least 28 Chinese miners and wounded 15 in a violent labor dispute, since dubbed the "Rock Springs Massacre." In Rock Springs (about 155 miles west of Cheyenne) the local newspaper endorsed the outcome of the riot, while other Wyoming newspapers, limited support to sympathy for the causes of the white miners.
Hebard's activism placed her against the prevailing social and political winds that swept through Wyoming and the nation. The way Hebard lived her feminist life, including her deep relationship with fellow Professor Agnes M. Weregeland, spoke volumes about her worldview. Wergeland, like Hebard a feminist, was a trail breaker in her own right. The Norwegian immigrant was the first woman from her country to earn a Ph.D. Wergeland, who became a U.S. citizen in 1902, found in Hebard an ideal tutor for Americanization. Hebard noted: "Dr. Wergeland had never had a realistic conception of what absolute suffrage for women meant until she came to Wyoming, where women are not restricted in their right to vote in any way."
Suffragist.
National suffragists heralded Wyoming when on Dec. 10, 1869, territorial Gov. John A. Campbell signed the suffrage act into law. Suffragists were not so celebratory two years later when legislators seeking to repeal women's enfranchisement failed by a single vote, according to historian Phil Roberts. Roberts cites the late T.A. Larson's research that found suffrage detractors feared women voters would seek Sunday closing of saloons. Yet, Hebard in a 1920 interview with the New York Tribune failed to account for opposition to women's suffrage in Wyoming, noting:
"I never before saw an anti-suffragist. You know, out in Wyoming we have had woman suffrage for fifty years, and there is no such thing as an anti-suffrage man in our state -- much less a woman."
Yet it was because of such anti-suffragists that Esther Hobart Morris made history for women in Wyoming in 1870 when she received an appointment as the nation's first female justice of the peace. Morris' historic posting in South Pass City, a mining town in Central Wyoming, followed the previous justice resigning in protest of Wyoming's suffrage legislation. Hebard spent many years advancing a claim that can be traced back to her trail marking companion H.G. Nickerson that Morris was an instigator and co-author of that legislation. That claim is considered false by some recent researchers.
Hebard and Nickerson erected a rock cairn monument in 1920 near Morris' South Pass City cabin as a crude memorial. A granite marker latter replaced the cairn with an inscription identifying Morris as co-author of Wyoming's suffrage bill. The Wyoming Division of State Park's and Historic Sites has tried to correct the record noting that "recent studies indicate that H.Bright was the only author of the suffrage bill." Author Virginia Scharff reads more than imperfect history into Hebard's statements concerning Morris. Scharff sees Hebard's portrayal of Morris as a suffragist as being rendered “in her [Hebard's] own image."
Being the first of western territories or states to adopt women's suffrage placed Wyoming in the national spotlight. National suffragists in subsequent years found a potent symbol in Wyoming enfranchising women as states voted on the Nineteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution granting suffrage to women. Carrie Chapman Catt, who was president of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, incorrectly claimed that Wyoming "gave so much evidence of positive good to the community arising from the votes of women that she became the direct cause of the establishment of woman suffrage in all of the surrounding states." Larson challenged such broad generalization noting that there is "no short, simple, all-encompassing explanation for the West's priority in woman suffrage."
If support for social justice as the national suffragists claimed did not fully explain Wyoming's lead role in suffrage, what did? One factor was the prospect of free advertising that lawmakers expected to arise following the passage of the territorial suffrage bill, according to Larson. The reasoning ran that the national attention would attract settlers, especially women. The record is unclear if Wyoming territorial adoption of suffrage influenced Hebard's decision to migrate to Wyoming in 1882.
Just as suffragist found an ideal symbol in Wyoming for their campaign, so too did Catt and others laud the feminist role of Hebard. Suffragists were eager to "hold her up as an example of the finest type of American womanhood," according to former Wyoming state historian Agnes Wright Spring. The fact that Hebard as a pathbreaker for women just happened to live in Laramie bolstered the credentials for her as a role model. For Laramie was home to the nation's first vote cast by a woman and where women first sat on a jury. Both historic events took place in 1870, before Hebard had finished her studies in Iowa.
Yet Hebard established her own standing as a suffragist when she petitioned the Wyoming constitutional convention to adopt a suffrage clause in advance of Wyoming entering the Union July 10, 1890. Moreover, national suffragists tapped Hebard to participate in the National American Woman Suffrage Association and later as a member of the Suffrage Emergency Brigade. The latter group lobbied Connecticut's governor for the state's legislature to become the 36th state to ratify the 19th Amendment. Subsequently, Hebard was among the select few who spoke at the 1920 suffragist celebration in Chicago following passage of the Nineteenth Amendment.
Hebard's association with national suffragist leader Catt allowed Hebard to achieve an "academic coup d'etat" in 1921. Hebard teamed up with Professor June Downey to convince faculty members to award the University of Wyoming's first honorary degree to Carrie Chapman Catt. Catt came to Laramie to receive the university honor and to present the baccalaureate address. The imagery of Catt appearing in Laramie where women voters and jurists made history would not have been lost on the suffragists. In addition, Catt was at the forefront of a one-year anniversary celebration of the 19th Amendment later that summer in New York City. Catt, following the suffrage victory, turned her focus to the newly established League of Women Voters. Hebard telegraphed Catt at the headquarters of the National American Woman Suffrage Association:
"Congratulations to you on this the first anniversary of the birth of national suffrage. I thank you for the Tennessee touchdown which scored victory."
Final Days.
Grace Hebard retired from teaching in 1931. Yet she continued to research and collect historical material in her Laramie home, known to students and colleagues as "The Doctors Inn". Hebard lived in this house that she had had built with her friend, Agnes M. Wergeland, who died in 1914. Grace's sister Alice Marvin Hebard then lived there until her death in 1928.
Hebard died October 1936 at the age of 75. "To the time of death, she was a dominant -- and perhaps domineering -- figure on campus." The University of Wyoming held a memorial program in her honor later that month. The influence and impact of Hebard's life in part can be measured by the attendees at her funeral and contributors to the 50-page "In Memoriam" program published by the her fellow faculty.
The memorial service had the trappings of a state funeral featuring testimonials from:
The written tributes and eulogies following Hebard's death that colleagues, students, and friends delivered were added to Hebard's personal papers. Those papers are part of an extensive collection of documents that still bear Hebard's name today. The collection includes an almost terse tribute by Carrie Chapman Catt that overlooks Hebard's contributions to national suffragism for women:
"I shall miss Dr. Hebard more than words can say. My sympathy is extended to the University and all the Wyoming friends. She lived a great life."
Other contributors to the memorial program characteristically presented Hebard as a multi-faceted, action-driven feminist with a penchant for history and trail marking. Furthermore, Hebard garnered recognition as the first woman admitted to the Wyoming State Bar Association (1898) followed by her being admitted to practice before the Wyoming Supreme Court (1914). Hebard's peers also recognized her involvement in a variety of civic and public affairs, such as supporting American troops in World War Iby selling war bonds and planting Victory Gardens. Moreover, she successfully spearheaded passage of a 1923 Wyoming child labor law.
Youth, particularly University of Wyoming students, played a special role in Hebard's career, as noted by testimonials from fellow students, faculty, and citizens. The memorial service program included a statement by university President Crane, "Above all she was a friend to generations of students." Similarly, an October 12, 1936, editorial in the student newspaper, the Branding Iron, noted: "In the death of Dr. Grace Raymond Hebard the students of the University have lost a friend."
Hebard furthered her legacy with students by funding a number of scholarships, including:
The intrepid Hebard is buried across the street from campus at the Greenhill Cemetery in Laramie in a plot near her sister and teacher, Alice, and Wergeland. A plaque memorializing Hebard is mounted on the famed Oregon Trail icon, Independence Rock; located in barren central Wyoming, about 50 miles southwest of Casper.

</doc>
<doc id="9625304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625304" title="John Ralston (musician)">
John Ralston (musician)

John Ralston is an American acoustic/electric guitarist singer and songwriter. He is originally from Lake Worth, Florida, and is a member of the band Legends Of Rodeo (formerly called Recess Theory), which is currently on an indefinite hiatus. He has released two full length albums, two EPs, and just released his third solo record, "Shadows of the Summertime". A 7"single of "Jesus Christ b/w A Marigny Christmas" was released in early 2011.
Films.
The song "Gone, Gone, Gone" is featured in the upcoming indie film "The Other Side of the Tracks".

</doc>
<doc id="9625306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625306" title="Vasudeva Kanva">
Vasudeva Kanva

Vasudeva Kanva (75–66 BCE) was the founder of the Kanva dynasty. He was originally an Amatya (minister) of last Sunga ruler Devabhuti. Bana's Harshacharita informs us that he came to power after the death of Devabhuti by a daughter of his slave woman disguised as his queen. He was succeeded by his son Bhumimitra.

</doc>
<doc id="9625321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625321" title="SE postcode area">
SE postcode area

The SE (South Eastern) postcode area, also known as the London SE postcode area, is the part of the London post town covering part of south-east London, England. It loosely corresponds to the London Borough of Southwark, London Borough of Lewisham and Royal Borough of Greenwich, the northern part of the London Borough of Croydon, eastern sections of the London Borough of Lambeth and northwestern parts of the London Borough of Bexley and the London Borough of Bromley.
Postal administration.
The postcode area originated in 1857 as the SE district. In 1868 it gained some of the area of the abolished S district, with the rest going to SW. It was divided into numbered districts in 1917, by giving the district closest to London and the location of the head office the suffix "1" and then each district assigned a number alphabetically based on the location of the main office within the district. SE28 is a much later addition carved out of the existing districts SE2 and SE18 in order to accommodate the development of Thamesmead. Unlike in the SW postcode area, where districts are also split into two alphabetical tranches, SE1 is the only head district, and although the numbering begins again at SE19 this is not a head district. The postcode area is part of the London post town. There are no dependent localities used in the postcode area. SE1P is a non-geographic postcode district for PO boxes located in SE1.
List of postcode districts.
The approximate coverage of the postcode districts, with the historic postal district names shown in "italics":
<onlyinclude> 
! SE1
! SE2
! SE3
! SE4
! SE5
! SE6
! SE7
! SE8
! SE9
! SE10
! SE11
! SE12
! SE13
! SE14
! SE15
! SE16
! SE17
! SE18
! SE19
! SE20
! SE21
! SE22
! SE23
! SE24
! SE25
! SE26
! SE27
! SE28
</onlyinclude> 
Boundaries.
Postcode districts SE1 and SE11 have extensive River Thames frontages and are central to London. SE2–SE18 are organised in the northern part of the postcode area, with SE2, SE7, SE8, SE10, SE16 and SE18 also fronting the river. Postcode districts SE19–SE27 form a group in the southwest and SE28 is located in the extreme northeast. The postcode area maps roughly to the combined area of the London Borough of Southwark, London Borough of Lewisham and Royal Borough of Greenwich. Eastern sections of the London Borough of Lambeth, the northern part of the London Borough of Croydon (SE19, SE25) and northwestern portions of the London Borough of Bromley (SE19, SE20, SE26) and London Borough of Bexley (SE2, SE9, SE18, SE28) are within the postcode area.
Map.
In 2002, a small group of residents in the West Heath area wished to have their postcodes changed from SE2 to the adjacent DA7 postcode district, citing higher insurance for their houses, belongings and cars as reasons to change. Royal Mail has said it will not consider changes to postcodes for these reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9625338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625338" title="(79978) 1999 CC158">
(79978) 1999 CC158

, also written as (79978) 1999 CC158, is a trans-Neptunian object that resides in the Kuiper belt region of the Solar System. It was discovered on February 15, 1999 at the Mauna Kea Observatory, Hawaii
It has a 5:12 resonance with Neptune.

</doc>
<doc id="9625345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625345" title="Neck corset">
Neck corset

A neck corset (sometimes called throat corset or neck lacer) is a type of BDSM collar. Unlike a normal corset which compresses the waist, a neck corset is usually not used to compress the neck, except in breathplay. It may act as a posture collar that incorporates stays. 
Neck corsets may be worn in BDSM and goth subcultures, and may be worn in a decorative fashion or as a form of fetish clothing. 
Construction.
Stays incorporated in a neck corset are specially made shorter, used to support the weight of the head on the shoulders, while its corset structure helps in maintaining posture by keeping the chin high and the neck extended. It is often combined with a traditional corset in order to achieve better posture.
It can be thin or as thick as the height of the neck. There are many varieties. They can be made of many different fabrics, such as leather, rubber, etc. but some more common fabrics are also used.
Neck corsets usually have back lacing: others have front lacing or are secured by ribbon or zipper.
BDSM uses.
Neck corsets are worn by both men and women, mainly in BDSM and goth subcultures. They may be decorated, and may include other bondage elements such as locking closures and D-rings for attaching a leash, rope or other restraints.
When a neck corset is worn to restrict head movement, it is known as a posture collar. Although neck corset restricts head movement it is usually not used for medical purposes like the cervical collar.
A mouth corset is special type of neck corset, designed to also cover the wearer's mouth. They are primarily used in BDSM, because they can be used as gags.

</doc>
<doc id="9625358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625358" title="Mukah Airport">
Mukah Airport

Mukah Airport is an airport in Mukah, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.
As of April 2009, the federal government allocated RM200 million for a new airport in Mukah. This new airport will replace the old one as it is only capable of handling helicopters, light aircraft and can barely cope with the newer ATR 72 turboprop aircraft of Malaysia Airlines' subsidiary, MASWings. 

</doc>
<doc id="9625381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625381" title="Mulu Airport">
Mulu Airport

Mulu Airport is an airport in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia and gateway to the Gunung Mulu National Park. There are resort accommodations at the National Park, but the nearest villages are Long Terawan, downstream to the west, and Long Atip to the south. Rumah Bawang Grang in Brunei is only to the north-northwest, but there is no road connected to the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9625388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625388" title="Philippine Normal University">
Philippine Normal University

The Philippine Normal University (PNU) is a public research university in Manila, Philippines established during the early days of the American Rule. Pursuant to Republic Act No. 9647, it is now funded and operated as a National Center for Teacher Education in the country.
Board of Regents.
The Philippine Normal University Board of Regents (Lupon ng mga Rehente ng Pamantasang Normal ng Pilipinas in Filipino) is the highest decision-making body of the Philippine Normal University. Constituted by the Republic Act 8292 or commonly known as the Higher Education Modernization Act of 1997, the board is composed of distinguished members and is vested with general powers of administration and the exercise of title powers of the corporation.
History.
The Philippine Normal University (PNU), was originally the Philippine Normal School (PNS) created by the American Government under Act No. 74 of the Philippine Commission. Enacted on January 21, 1901, Act No. 74 mandated for the establishment of a normal and a trade school. The Philippine Normal School formally opened on September 1, 1901, as an institution for the training of teachers, while the Manila Trade School also opened in the same year as a school for the arts and trades.
For more than two decades, PNS offered a two-year general secondary education program. It was only in 1928 when it became a junior college offering a two-year program to graduates of secondary schools. When PNS was converted into the Philippine Normal College (PNC) in 1949 through Republic Act 416 (the Charter of the College), the four-year Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education (BSEE) program was introduced. Subsequently, other undergraduate programs ensued such as the Bachelor of Science in Education (BSE) with specialization in Elementary Education; a BSEE major in Home Economics; and a three-year Combined Home Economics diploma.
In 1953, the Graduate School was established. Equipped with a legal mandate, PNC included the Master of Arts (MA) in Education curriculum in the academic program. However, the organization of a full-fledged Graduate School came five years later.
It was only in 1970 when the Bachelor of Science in Education curriculum, offering major and minor subjects, was introduced. The passage of Republic Act 6515 which amended Republic Act 416 in July 1972 paved the way for the offering and conferment of the Doctor of Education (Ed. D) and the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph. D.) degrees and the provision of other academic programs relevant to the in-service training of teachers, school supervisors, administrators, researchers, and other educational specialists and personnel. Curriculum development, revision, adaptation played an important role in ensuring high scholastic standards for the institution.
As it gained its foothold in teacher education, PNC established branches in Agusan del Sur, Isabela and Negros Occidental. Aside from the creation of campuses, the College expanded its services, most significant of which was its designation as the Curriculum Development Center for Communication Arts (English and Filipino) under the Language Study Center-Educational Development Projects Implementing Task Force (LSC-EDPITAF) Project and afterward as Center of Excellence (CENTREX) in English, Filipino and Values Education. Its major functions included the development of English and Filipino textbooks and teacher manuals for use in public elementary and secondary schools nationwide, and the conduct of national level trainers-training programs for the Bureau of Secondary Education Department of Education, Culture and Sports and the Fund for Assistance to Private Education.
The school was elevated to university status on December 26, 1991, under Republic Act 7168. A fourth campus was born in Quezon Province.
It continues to serve as collaborative partner in various government and private-sector educational projects. In further recognition of its leadership role, the University was designated as Center of Excellence in Teacher Education (COE) for the National Capital Region and Center of Excellence in Filipino at the national level.
In 2008, it was declared the country's National Center for Teacher Education by virtue of Republic Act 9647. Dr. Fe Hidalgo, an alumni and former Department of Education undersecretary is the Officer-in-Charge (OIC) of the University until December 31 of this year.
On November 16, 2010. Dr. Ester B. Ogena, a director from the Department of Science and Technology was elected and appointed by the University's Board of Regents as the 10th University President. She has assumed office on January 1, 2011.
Campuses.
City of Manila.
Manila — The Manila Campus is the flagship and oldest campus of the university. The Philippine Normal School was founded on September 1, 1901 by virtue of Act 14 of the Philippine Commission. It was the first school of higher learning organized during the American period. It was elevated into the Philippine Normal College on June 18, 1949 and became a university on December 26, 1991.
Architecture.
In 1909, Parsons ventured into the design of schools by drawing the plans for the Tondo Intermediate School, which seemed to forecast his design for the Normal School in 1914. The two-storey, concrete school building, built on Sande Street, had a rectangular plan with the customary Parsons’ trademark of arched openings at the ground floor and rectangular capiz window panes on the upper storey. The facade was broken with triangular pediments, further articulating the roof gable. The design was to be replicated for the Cebu High School (1914) building.
In 1911, Parsons designed a school for the training of teachers, the Philippine Normal School, completed in 1914. The Normal School, done in a style that allowed the California Mission style to juxtapose with the capiz window panes and ornately grilled ventanillas, was erected at the corner of Taft Avenue and Ayala Boulevard. The building, three-storeys in height, followed a V-configuration plan, where an auditorium was at the apex, while the rest of its segments were used as classrooms and laboratories linked by corridors. The construction, then budgeted at 374,000 pesos, was made of reinforced concrete. The exterior was relieved by panels of glazed polychromatic glazed tiles set in concrete. He designed the Central School to be renamed Bordner High School, and now a part of the Manila Science High School compound in the same aesthetic direction on Taft Avenue, a stone’s throw away from the Normal School.
Province of Negros Occidental.
The Negros Occidental campus in Cadiz City was charted with the passage of Republic Act 4242. It opened on July 22, 1968.
Province of Agusan del Sur.
The Agusan del Sur campus is one of the three campuses charted under Republic Act No. 4242. It opened on August 12, 1968.
Province of Isabela.
Coinciding with the establishment of the Negros Occidental and Agusan del Sur campuses as charted under the same law, the Isabela campus opened on July 26, 1971.
Province of Quezon.
While the three other campuses were chartered under R.A. 4242, the Lopez campus started as a consortium with the Polytechnic University of the Philippines. After expiration of the agreement, the two partner institutions became separate colleges and established as a separate campus of their respective mother unit.

</doc>
<doc id="9625394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625394" title="Spallumcheen">
Spallumcheen

Spallumcheen is a district municipality in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Located in the Okanagan region between Vernon and Enderby, the township had a population of 5,055 and land area of in the Canada 2011 Census. The district, whose official name is the Township of Spallumcheen and which is the oldest rural municipality in the British Columbia Interior (incorporated in 1892), consists primarily of agricultural land surrounding the separately incorporated City of Armstrong. Both Spallumcheen and Armstrong are member municipalities of the Regional District of North Okanagan.
Etymology.
The name is derived from a Shuswap language word, either "spil-a-mi-shine" meaning "flat mouth", or "spal-lum-shin" meaning "meadow flat". Another word, "spalmtsin", which has an Okanagan language cognate "spelemtsin", means "flat area along edge". Other variations include "Spellmacheen" and "Spallamcheen", which were the original names used for the Shuswap River, which exits the Shuswap Highland in this area and heads north to Mara and Shuswap Lakes. The same word is the source of the mame of the Spillimacheen River and the settlement of the same name in the Columbia Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="9625397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625397" title="Pangkor Airport">
Pangkor Airport

Pangkor Airport is an airport on Pangkor Island (Pulau Pangkor), located off the coast of Perak in northwest peninsular Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9625425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625425" title="Los Angeles Starlites">
Los Angeles Starlites

The Los Angeles Starlites were one of six teams in the Major League Volleyball (MLV) franchise. The league began in 1987 and ended short of completing a full season in 1989. Players consisted of former collegiate All-Americans and Olympians. The level of play was highly competitive (above that of even the best Division I college teams) and fast paced, and utilized either a 5-1 or 6-2 offense.
Coached by Pat Zartman, the Starlites placed 1st in 1987. They also placed 1st in 1988.
Rules in the late 1980s were a bit different from current volleyball rules. The ball could not touch the net on a serve, and games were to 15 points, with no rally scoring. In 1988 the franchise changed the rules so that game five would move to rally scoring.
Starlites roster.
Debbie Green-Vargas is perhaps the most effective American female setter of all time. Green-Vargas is only 5'4" tall. During an MLV match, Green-Vargas's chronic back problem almost put her out of the game. She stuck it out, although obviously in a great deal of pain, to lead the team to victory.
Rita Crockett was awarded a Major League MVP award. Even while Crockett was pregnant, with daughter Marrita, it was not uncommon to see her breaking boards at the 10' line. Rita Crockett is reported to have a 42" vertical jump.
Patty Arosco married volleyball player Mike Dodd. Dodd himself later won the silver medal in beach volleyball at the 1996 Olympics.
Hall and Crockett played while they were pregnant. Rita was told not to dive so she played defense cautiously.

</doc>
<doc id="9625430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625430" title="Redang Airport">
Redang Airport

Redang Airport is an airport on Redang Island (Pulau Redang), one of the largest islands off the east coast of Malaysia. The airport was briefly closed in 2009 for runway expansion, reopening on April 16, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9625434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625434" title="Khamaj">
Khamaj

Khamaj (Devanagari ख़मज ) is one of the ten Thaats (parent scales) of Hindustani music. It is also a specific raga within the Khamaj thaat.
Many ghazals and thumris are based on Khamaj. It utilizes the shuddha (pure) form of Ni on the ascent, and the komala (flat) form of Ni on the descent, creating a key asymmetry in compositional and improvisational performance.
Khamaj Thaat.
The parent-scale or Thaat of Khamaj, notated in sargam notation, has the following structure:
Sa Re Ga Pa Dha Sa.
In Western terms, assuming the tonic (Sa) to be at C, the scale would be:
C D E F G A B-flat C.
Khamaj thaat is thus equivalent to the mixolydian mode in Western classical music.
The Carnatic music equivalent of the Khamaj Thaat is "Harikambhoji", the 28th Melakarta raga.
Raga Khamaj.
According to Prem Jialal Vasant, Raga Khamaj, the specific improvisational scale based on this mode, has the following structure:
Aroha (ascending structure)-S G M P D N S' Avroha-S'n D P M G R S 
If Sa is tuned to C, then this would translate as C B-flat A G F G A E F D C.
There is no universally-accepted pakad for Raga Khamaj, although some consider the phrases 
This raga has been explored more in the lighter forms of Hindustani Classical Music such as Thumri, Tappa etc. Yet a few compositions in Dhrupad and Khayal are found as well.
Compositions in Raga Khamaj – In Dhrupad, Sadra, Khayal, Thumri & Tappa styles :
Hindi Film Songs based on Raga Khamaj :
The Narsinh Bhajan "Vaishnav jan to" is also based on Khamaj.<br>
The Sargam Geet is as follows: set to teentaal, that is sixteen beats:
This is the Prelude to the Sargam Geet, the underscore signifies the avagraha i.e. prolongation of the previous note by one beat for one _ and <br>three beats in case of _ _ _

</doc>
<doc id="9625451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625451" title="Microsoft Egypt">
Microsoft Egypt

Microsoft Egypt is a division of Microsoft which markets Microsoft products in Egypt.
History.
Microsoft established a branch in Egypt in 1995 as an office representative, becoming a limited liability company in 1997.
CMIC.
Microsoft launched the Cairo Microsoft Innovation Center in September, 2007. It is located in the Smart Village near Cairo. Its mission is to work on concept-level research problems that are relatively short to market. It is headed by Tarek El-Abbadi, a long time Program Manager at the Microsoft Redmond office.

</doc>
<doc id="9625473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625473" title="John Graves (rugby league)">
John Graves (rugby league)

John (Johnny) Graves (1926–23 Jul 1983) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the late 1940s and early 1950s. An Australian international representative goal-kicking winger, he played his club football for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, with whom he won back-to-back premierships in 1950-51.
Club career.
Known as "Whacka", Graves commenced his footballing in Newcastle, New South Wales and came to the attention of Sydney talent scouts when he scored two tries in his international debut representing Newcastle against a touring British side in 1946.
Graves joined South Sydney in 1947 and after only four first grade games was selected for New South Wales. He formed a strong backline pairing with Clive Churchill and was victorious in Grand Finals with Souths in 1950 (scoring two tries) and in 1951 (scoring four tries).
Representative career.
He debuted for Australia against New Zealand in the 1st Test of 1948, played in the rest of that series and then toured Great Britain with the 1948 Kangaroos. He played in two Tests and twenty Tour games returning as the side's top scorer with 16 tries and 35 goals for 188 points.
He represented for Australia in seven Test matches (3 Great Britain, 3 New Zealand and 1 France) between 1948 and 1951. He was selected to represent Sydney against France during their 1951 tour of Australasia in a match that ended in a 19-all draw.
Records.
He holds positions 1, 2, 4 and 5 in the table of Most Points in a Match for the Rabbitohs with respectively 29 points (Round 8, 1952 v Easts); 27 points (Round 14, 1949 v Easts); 23 points(Round 18, 1952 v Newtown) and 23 points (Round 10, 1948 v Parramatta).
Along with five other Rabbitohs he has achieved the feat of scoring five tries in a single match (Round 14, 1949 v Easts.)

</doc>
<doc id="9625474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625474" title="Grevillea juniperina">
Grevillea juniperina

Grevillea juniperina, commonly known as Juniper Grevillea, is a shrub which is endemic to eastern New South Wales and south-eastern Queensland in Australia.
It has a spreading or erect habit and it grows to between 0.2 and 3 metres in height. The leaves are prickly and are 0.5 to 3.5 cm long and 0.5 to 6 mm wide. Flowering occurs throughout the year, peaking between mid winter and early summer. The spider-like flowers are red, pink, orange, yellow or greenish.
Taxonomy.
The type specimen for this species was collected from Port Jackson area and was described by botanist Robert Brown in 1810 who gave it the specific epithet "juniperina" which alludes to its juniper-like foliage.
There are currently seven recognised subspecies: 
"G. juniperina" subsp. "juniperina" is listed as a vulnerable species on Schedule 2 of the Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995 in New South Wales.
Cultivars.
A number of cultivars have been selected for horticultural use, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9625484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625484" title="Sibu Airport">
Sibu Airport

Sibu Airport is an airport located east south east of Sibu, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia. In 2012, the airport handled 1,204,267 passengers on 15,923 flights and also handled 1,612 metric tonnes of cargo. The airport is the 10th busiest airport in Malaysia, and the 3rd busiest in Sarawak.
In April 2009, the airport was given RM 150 million for an upgrade of the terminal building. On 23 September 2010, Sarawak Minister of Finance and Public Health, Dato' Sri Wong Soon Koh had announced that the expansion project is now on.
The upgraded terminal started its operation on 31 July 2012. The airport terminal is the second largest airport terminal in Sarawak, after Kuching International Airport.
History.
Old airport.
The first airport in Sibu was built in Teku, during World War II by the Japanese as a basic air strip. However, the airstrip was heavily bombed by Allied Forces. After the war, the airport was further developed to house basic airport amenities such as departure lounge and public waiting area. The airport was capable to support Fokker F27 Friendship (and later Fokker 50) and Twin Otter flights.
On 15 August 1990, a Lockheed C-130H Hercules belonging to the Royal Malaysian Air Force skidded off the runway and the aircraft had been written off. It was believed that those on board are part of the royal entourage visit to Sibu.
On 2 September 1992, a Fokker 50 aircraft landing gear failed, causing the aircraft to veer off the runway and into the bushes.
The old airport has been demolished to make way for Laila Taib College (formerly known as UCS-United College of Sarawak) and Tun Zaidi Stadium. The runway of the old airport can still be seen and half of it is used as the connecting road for the stadium.
New airport.
The actual official date of operation of the new airport began 1 June 1994. On 31 May 1994 the inaugural landing of four Malaysia Airlines aircraft occurred. To be precise, the aircraft were three Fokker 50 and a Boeing 737. They were the pioneers to land on the Sibu New Airport runway which at that time measured .
On that remarkably historical night, the air traffic clearance "Clear to land" was issued from the Sibu Air Traffic Control Tower on the assigned frequency 122.6 MHZ to the first Boeing 737-500 to land on the asphalt surface of the designated runway 13.
That night not only marked the first landing of a turbo-prop commercial aircraft on Sibu ground but subsequently it also commemorated the commencement of operation of the new airport located east south east Sibu town.
Sibu New Airport was built with a single runway designated as runway 13/31. It was previously but since the completion of the extension under the 7th Malaysian Plan (RMK7) for 'Sibu Airport Development Plan', the length was extended to , and the new runway length was commissioned for use on the 9 May 2006. The extended length is able to cater to landing of an Airbus A330 or other wide bodied jet aircraft.
Runway 13 is equipped with an approach lighting system called Precision Approach Lighting Category 1, whereas runway 31 with Simple Approach Lighting System. The other airside areas such as the taxiways (‘A’ and ‘B’) and apron are also furnished with appropriate lighting aids. The maximum capacity of the parking apron is one Airbus, two Boeing 737-400s, two Fokker 50 and two Twin Otter or similar aircraft. Only bay 2 and 3 are equipped with aerobridges functioning on Visual Docking and Guidance System. The functional runway is also equipped with landing aids such as the Middle Marker (MM), Glide Path (GP), the Localizer (LLZ) and the PAPI. All the stated instruments are installed to be utilized by aircraft to assist them during the final approach process and landing manoeuvres.
Expansion project.
The airport underwent an expansion project that involved upgrading of the terminal building, car park and the addition of more aerobridges. This makes the airport capable of handling 1.9 million passengers annually. The cost of the expansion was RM130 million.
The brand new check-in counters of the airport were opened on 19 December 2011. The upgraded Sibu Airport was inaugurated on 16 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9625492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625492" title="Phil Shevlin">
Phil Shevlin

Professor Shevlin is an internationally recognized research scientist. His special field of expertise is centered on the chemistry of high energy reactive intermediates. These intermediates include atomic carbon, carbenes, monovalent carbon species and other energetic molecules.
Professor Shevlin is also involved in the synthesis of a variety of carbocyclic and heterocyclic nucleoside analogs.

</doc>
<doc id="9625500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625500" title="Voipfone">
Voipfone

Voipfone is a UK (London) based Internet Telephone Service (VoIP) provided by iNet
Telecoms Ltd, which was founded in 2004 by Lee Rose. The company develops standards based, VoIP telephony services using Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). As of 2013, the company had an annual turnover of £3.5 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="9625531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625531" title="Waha">
Waha

Waha is a Belgian village located in the Province of Luxembourg in Wallonia. In 1977 the village merged with Aye, Hargimon, Humain, Marche-en-Famenne, Marloie, On, Champlon and Roy to form the municipality of Marche-en-Famenne.
Etymology.
The name "Waha" comes from the Celtic proper name "Wachart". The Latin name of the location was "Wachardi mansus", meaning "Wachart's dwelling".
History.
Waha in the 10th century belonged to the territory of count Immon. The first church was built only 100 meters from the present church and was dedicated to Saint Martin of Tours. In 1050 the present church of Saint Étienne was dedicated by the Liège bishop Theodwin (French: Théoduin).
The collegiate chapter of Saint Étienne was dissolved during the time of the French First Republic.
Art historical significance.
The church of Saint Étienne in Waha is one of the oldest Romanesque churches in Belgium. The nave of the church is only four arches long. The choir has a rectangular shape and is unvaulted. It is also lower than the nave ceiling, which is not uncommon in early Mosan architecture. The westwork tower is slightly younger than the rest of the church.
In 1956-1957 the church underwent major restoration work as well as art historical investigation. It was then that the dedication stone from 1050 was found. There are also some sculptures by the "Master of Waha" in the church. The church's greatest treasure is the reliquary shrine of Saint Étienne.

</doc>
<doc id="9625538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625538" title="Stock forecast">
Stock forecast

Stock Forecast can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9625555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625555" title="Stray Dogs (2004 film)">
Stray Dogs (2004 film)

Stray Dogs () is an Iranian film written and directed by Marzieh Meshkini. It's a story about two orphaned children in post-Taliban Afghanistan.
Plot details.
Gol-Ghotai (a girl) and Zahed (a boy) are siblings living in post-Taliban Kabul. Their father is a mullah. He has fought against the Americans in a Taliban War and eventually was imprisoned. The mother of the children is also imprisoned - she got married again, as she thought her husband was dead in the war and now is accused of infidelity.
Every night the children spend with their mother in jail(they call themselves "night prisoners"). One day the prison commander denies all "night prisoners" and Gol-Ghotai and Zahed become homeless. It's a wintertime and they try to find a place to stay overnight, but still they dream to come back to their mother's prison. They are advised to steal something to get imprisoned by the police. After several robbery attempts which nobody noticed, finally Zahed steals a bicycle and his sisters cries and calls him a thief for everybody to notice. Zahed gets imprisoned, but in another jail than his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="9625559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625559" title="Meend">
Meend

In Hindustani music, meend (Hindi: मींडْ ْ, ) refers to a glide from one note to another. It is an essential performance practice, and is used often in vocal and instrumental music. On the veena, sitar, and other plucked stringed instruments, it is usually done by pushing the strings across the frets to vary their effective length and tension; compare portamento and finger vibrato. It is considered a sort of "alankar", or ornament.
"Meend" is important part of any classical performance, however it is a technique not possible on a hand-held harmonium often used in musical concerts, traditionalist singing khyal prefer an accompaniment like sarangi.

</doc>
<doc id="9625561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625561" title="Green Spot (soft drink)">
Green Spot (soft drink)

Green Spot is a non-carbonated non caffeinated orange-based soft drink that is sold in Venezuela, Thailand and other Southeast Asian countries.
Developed in 1934 in the United States after the introduction of Orangeade, the brand established operations in Thailand in 1954. While the brand is no longer popular in the United States, the current brand is now focused on the Asian market. 
Formerly only available in bottles, Green Spot is now also sold in a 325 ml can with carbonation (fizz).
Green Spot was once popular in Hong Kong, but it has since ceased to sell their bottle drinks and tetra pak boxes are sold in small quantities. The drink can be found at Asian food store Hoo Hing in Essex, England.
The soft drink was for sale in The Netherlands as well. In 1962 the Dutch artist Wim T. Schippers emptied a bottle in the sea near Petten. He managed to make it an international news item.

</doc>
<doc id="9625573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625573" title="Tioman Airport">
Tioman Airport

Tioman Airport , also known as Pulau Tioman Airport, is an airport serving Tioman Island (Pulau Tioman) in Malaysia. It is located next to Tekek village (Kampung Tekek).

</doc>
<doc id="9625579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625579" title="Gamaka (music)">
Gamaka (music)

Gamaka, also known as gamak or gamakam, refers to ornamentation that is used in the performance of Indian classical music. The unique character of each raga is given by its gamakas, making their role essential rather than decorative in Indian music. Nearly all Indian musical treatises have a section dedicated to describing, listing and characterising gamakas. 
The term "gamaka" itself means "ornamented note" in Sanskrit. Gamakas involve the variation of pitch of a note, using heavy forceful oscillations between adjacent and distant notes. Each raga has specific rules on the types of gamakas that might be applied to specific notes, and the types that may not. 
Various commentators on Indian music have mentioned different numbers of gamakas. For example, Sarangdeva describes fifteen gamakas, Narada in "Sangeeta Makaranda" describes nineteen gamakas, and Haripala in "Sangeet Sudhakar" describes seven gamaks.
Types of gamakas.
Carnatic music gamakas.
Carnatic music has ten ornamentation classes, divided into three major groups:
Hindustani music gamaks.
Hindustani music has five gamakas in mordern time. 
like- aandolan, kampita, khatkaa or gadgadita or jamjamaa, murki and sfurita.
In Hindustani Music, the gamak is similar to meend and andolan.
Gamakas in music notation.
Notation of gamakams is generally not found in the Indian music system. There can be considerable difficulty in conveying the complex and fluid melodic movement of gamakas in a notation system that uses fixed pitch signs. In Carnatic music in particular, the notation of gamakas is often unnecessary, as performers use notation as a memory aid for compositions they already learned by hearing and imitating.

</doc>
<doc id="9625586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625586" title="Kushk District">
Kushk District

Kushk District is situated in the northern part of Herat Province, Afghanistan and may also may be referred to as Rubat-i-Sangin or Rabat-e-Sangi. It borders Turkmenistan to the north, Gulran District to the west, Zinda Jan District, Injil District and Karukh District to the south and Kushki Kuhna District to the east. The population is 91,700 (2005). The district center is Kushk. 
The main road from Herat to Kushka in Turkmenistan passes through the district, along the Kushk River. Towraghondi is the main border crossing town.

</doc>
<doc id="9625592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625592" title="Larry Seidlin">
Larry Seidlin

Larry Seidlin (born May 24, 1950 in The Bronx, New York) was a State Court judge for the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida in and for Broward County. He was the presiding judge during the infamous Anna Nicole Smith body custody hearing after her death. Seidlin is married with one young daughter.
Among other institutions Seidlin received his education at Hunter College.
Anna Nicole Smith trial.
As judge during the Anna Nicole Smith body custody hearing, Judge Seidlin was involved in some controversial actions, such as making one-liners and other attempts at humor which some who know him said is normal for him, but led many to speculate that his actions and comments were for the cameras in the courtroom and were made as an attempt to secure a courtroom television show similar to Judge Judy's. The judgment was given in what some have viewed as an overly theatrical style, with the Judge weeping and fumbling his words, though others close to him have said that his courtroom conduct was genuine.
However, South Florida lawyers advise that Seidlin has always been a bit of a comical judge. His courtroom antics serve to relax the participants in the process. Known locally as "lightning larry," Seidlin is known to get through a morning docket in under 15 minutes. A trial takes 5 minutes or less. In juvenile cases, he has been known to give "stern warnings" where appropriate. Seidlin has come under fire for giving his friends all public appointments for which they get several hundred dollars apiece. However, this is commonplace among Broward County attorneys. Currently the law has changed and there is a wheel system wherein judges have no discretion to appoint attorneys of their choice. 
Seidlin came under criticism in the legal community for his handling of the Smith case, and more recently came under fire for other behavior. In February 2007, WSVN-TV Channel 7 reported Seidlin took three-hour lunch breaks on the four days in April that he was tailed by the station's investigative team. WSVN also showed that he was at a tennis club by 4 p.m. on three of the four days he was watched. He declined to comment for the TV report.
Seidlin was dubbed the "crybaby Judge" and "Larry the Cable Judge" because of his courtroom tears, jokes and unsolicited commentary. The underlying motives for his emotional displays remain unclear.
Resignation and rumored television show ambitions.
Seidlin retired from the bench in Summer 2007. His alleged intentions to star in a courtroom TV show were reported by the celebrity gossip website TMZ.com, citing "unidentified sources" as early as Feb 20th 2007.
In a letter to Florida Governor Charlie Crist in June, 2007, Seidlin wrote:
"It is now time for me to devote more of my daily life to my own young family and to pursue the many opportunities that have been offered to me outside the judicial system and I have disregarded until now...While these opportunities are varied, they all share in common a further commitment to helping my fellow citizens through roles in the educational system, the media and nonprofit organizations."
Seidlin has not given specifics on his plans after his resignation, but according to Broadcast and Cable Magazine, Seidlin had allegedly cut a deal with CBS Television Distribution to develop a court show in Fall 2008, but no official confirmation has been made from either party. CBS Paramount will allegedly produce Seidlin's pilot for CTD; they also handle Judy Sheindlin's "Judge Judy" show.
On "Saturday Night Live" sketches during the Smith case, Larry Seidlin was portrayed by Fred Armisen.
Controversy.
Seidlin was criminally investigated for "allegedly asking a lawyer for gifts and financially exploiting an elderly woman". Former Florida lawyer Jack Thompson (who is permanently disbarred as of September 25, 2008) had filed a formal complaint against Seidlin for "violating almost every judicial canon". The complaint was based on an investigative report in a local weekly newspaper that reported that the judge had received questionable gifts and large sums of money from Barbara Kasler, an elderly neighbor in his Fort Lauderdale condo building. After an investigation by the Miami-Dade State Attorney's Office, Seidlin was cleared of any wrongdoing in January 2009.
In March 2009 the niece and caretaker of the same elderly woman filed another complaint with the Elder Abuse Hotline in Florida, reiterating their belief that Seidlin has manipulated the woman into giving him money and has failed to adequately care for her.

</doc>
<doc id="9625595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625595" title="Andy Pugh">
Andy Pugh

Andrew "Andy" John Pugh (born 28 January 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker. Pugh is currently a free agent.
Career.
Pugh signed scholarship forms with Gillingham in 2005 and made his debut as a substitute in a home defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion on 20 February 2007.
It was announced on 8 May 2007 that Pugh had signed his first professional contract, a one-year deal with option of another year. In October 2007 he joined Welling United on a one-month loan deal. On 15 February, Pugh joined Maidstone United on a month's loan.
In August 2008, Pugh joined Folkestone Invicta on a one-month loan deal to gain first-team experience, and had another loan spell later the same season at Grays Athletic. Pugh made his debut for Grays starting in the 1–1 home draw against Weymouth. His loan spell at Grays was extended until the end of the 2008–09 season, despite Gillingham manager Mark Stimson's wishes to recall him. Pugh was sent-off in Grays' 2–1 away defeat on 13 April, ruling him out of the last three games of the Conference National season.
In September 2009, Pugh joined Dover Athletic on a month's loan after Andy Hessenthaler's side were hampered by injuries. Pugh scored a debut goal for Dover in a 4–2 victory over Hampton & Richmond Borough. Welling United re-signed Pugh on a one month loan deal in November. In March 2010, Pugh joined Conference National side Histon on loan for a month. His contract at Gillingham finished at the end of that season, and was not renewed.
After his Gillingham contract finished Pugh, along with Luis Cumbers, signed for Welling.
On 25 January 2012, Pugh signed for Cambridge United on a two and a half-year contract for a fee of £15,000. The transfer was protracted throughout the January transfer window as Pugh was unable to take a medical at the due to a knee injury. On 9 January 2014, Pugh had signed a one-month loan deal to join Dartford alongside fellow Cambridge United player Rory McAuley. He was recalled back to the Abbey Stadium on 14 February 2014, ready to take part in the club's FA Trophy semi-final against Grimsby Town. Pugh was released by Cambridge on 27 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9625596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625596" title="Tommanggong Airport">
Tommanggong Airport

Tommanggong Airport is an airport in Tommanggong in the state of Sabah in Malaysia. The airport permits landings on runway 11 only and departures on 29. Airport may no longer be in operation.
Airlines and destinations.
FlyAsianXpress used to fly to Tommanggong Airport from Sandakan Airport. When MASwings took over the operation, they ended the Sandakan-Tommanggong route and hence there is no scheduled commercial airlines currently flying to the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9625605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625605" title="Fresco EP">
Fresco EP

Fresco is an early 1983 EP released by Australian rock/synthpop band, Icehouse. It contains the same versions of "Hey Little Girl", "Street Cafe" and "Glam" from their 1982 album "Primitive Man" together with different versions of "Break These Chains" and "Over the Line" (B-side of "Street Cafe" single). It was produced by Icehouse founder Iva Davies together with Keith Forsey for Chrysalis Records.
Track listing.
All tracks were written by Iva Davies.
A Side
B Side
Credits.
Art

</doc>
<doc id="9625607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625607" title="Stock management">
Stock management

Stock management is the function of understanding the stock mix of a company and the different demands on that stock. The demands are influenced by both external and internal factors and are balanced by the creation of purchase order requests to keep supplies at a reasonable or prescribed level.
Retail supply chain.
Stock management in the retail supply chain follows the following sequence:
The management of the inventory in the supply chain involves managing the physical quantities as well as the costing of the goods as it flows through the supply chain.
In managing the cost prices of the goods throughout the supply chain, several costing methods are employed:
Weighted average price method.
The calculation can be done for different periods. 
If the calculation is done on a monthly basis, then it is referred to the periodic method. 
In this method, the available stock is calculated by:
ADD Stock at beginning of period
ADD Stock purchased during the period
AVERAGE total cost by total qty to arrive at the Average Cost of Goods for the period. 
This Average Cost Price is applied to all movements and adjustments in that period. 
Ending stock in qty is arrived at by Applying all the changes in qty to the Available balance. 
Multiplying the stock balance in qty by the Average cost gives the Stock cost at the end of the period. 
Using the perpetual method, the calculation is done upon every purchase transaction.
Thus, the calculation is the same based on the periodic calculation whether by period (periodic) or by transaction (perpetual).
The only difference is the 'periodicity' or scope of the calculation.
- Periodic is done monthly
- Perpetual is done for the duration of the purchase until the next purchase
In practice, the daily averaging has been used to closely approximate the perpetual method.
6. Bottle neck method ( depends on proper planning support)
Software applications.
The implementation of inventory management applications has become a valuable tool for organizations looking to more efficiently manage stock. While the capabilities of applications vary, most inventory management applications give organizations a structured method of accounting for all incoming and outgoing inventory within their facilities. Organizations save a significant amount in costs associated with manual inventory counts, administrative errors and reductions in inventory stock-outs.
Business models.
Just-in-time Inventory (JIT), Vendor Managed Inventory (VMI) and Customer Managed Inventory (CMI) are a few of the popular models being employed by organizations looking to have greater stock management control. 
JIT is a model that attempts to replenish inventory for organizations when the inventory is required. The model attempts to avoid excess inventory and its associated costs. As a result, companies receive inventory only when the need for more stock is approaching.
VMI and CMI are two business models that adhere to the JIT inventory principles. VMI gives the vendor in a vendor/customer relationship the ability to monitor, plan and control inventory for their customers. Customers relinquish the order making responsibilities in exchange for timely inventory replenishment that increases organizational efficiency. 
CMI allows the customer to order and control their inventory from their vendors/suppliers. Both VMI and CMI benefit the vendor as well as the customer. Vendors see a significant increase in sales due to increased inventory turns and cost savings realized by their customers, while customers realize similar benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="9625610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625610" title="Yaylı tambur">
Yaylı tambur

The yaylı tambur is a bowed long-neck lute from Turkey. Derived from the older plucked "tambur", it has a long, fretted neck and a round metal or wooden soundbox which is often covered on the front with a skin or acrylic head similar to that of a banjo.
The instrument is held vertically, with the soundbox resting in the player's lap or between the calves. The bow is grasped sideways, with the little, ring and middle fingers pressing on the horsehairs, while the thumb and index fingers hold the rightmost wooden edge of the bow. The leftmost strings of the instrument unite into a single course to form a doubled-string which is tuned to a unison that is lifted slightly from the bridge. This is where all melodic playing takes place. The rest are sympathetic strings numbering from 4 to 6 which are tuned to the octave, fifth and/or fourth of the main doubled-string.
Due to the special nature of the instrument, the neck behaves as though it was unfretted despite the ordinary placement of numerous frets (anywhere from 24 to 34 or more to the octave). That is to say, the fingers can press down on unfretted parts of the neck to achieve the same effect as stopping the frets. This allows the glissandi and portamenti to be executed flawlessly which constitute the primary characteristics of yaylı tanbur. Moreover, the frets can be moved about depending on the tastes and choices of the player to achieve correct intonation of a given makam.
Dr. Ozan Yarman has proposed an alternate 24-tone tuning and fretting for the tanbur that he has applied to his own instrument, which replaces the Arel-Ezgi-Uzdilek tone-system in use for Turkish Art music while also relying on the same array of accustomed microtonal accidentals to notate. 

</doc>
<doc id="9625625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625625" title="Dina Hayek">
Dina Hayek

Dina Hayek ( born Collet Bou Gergis on 10 June 1982) is a popular Lebanese singer. She gained popularity by the release of her second album, "Katabtillak". Her father is Lebanese and her mother is Syrian.
Career.
Hayek started her career year 1999 as a solo artist, after being discovered by composer George Mardorzian. She studied music at Kaslik University, before taking private courses for three years with Fouad Houad and two years Rafik Houbaika, both Lebanese musicians. Her debut album, "Sehir Al Gharam" was released in 2003 on the record label Music Master International, and included the single by the same name which was backed by Egyptian music channel Melody TV.
Hayek's commercial breakthrough came when she signed a contract with the Saudi Arabian record label Rotana. Her second album, titled "Katabtillak", was released in 2005. It was a commercial success, and included the singles, "Katabtillak" and "Darb el-Hawa'a". 
Dina Hayek's third album, "Ta'ala Albi", was released in 2006. It included the single by the same name.
Hayek has admitted that some Rotana artists, such as singer Elissa, get more attention from the record company executives than the rest. She was also disappointed with the promotional efforts made for "Ta'ala Albi", and the low sales figures - compared to "Katabtillak" - in both Egypt and the Gulf region. She also showed disappointment in Rotana for claiming that they were not able to secure her a performance at the 2007 Hala Febrayer Festival in Kuwait, and later that year she eventually resigned from her contract with Rotana. She is currently working on new material with the support from Melody TV.
An active singer, Hayek has given a number concerts and festivals in Lebanon, Egypt and the Gulf region. Her voice got the attention of Syrian popular singer, George Wassouf with whom she performed in many concerts. She has also worked with Melhem Barakat in a few concerts.
Discography.
The Lyrics to her song 'Helwe Mennak' found on her 2005 album 'Katabtillak' were written by Raphael Maroun.

</doc>
<doc id="9625631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625631" title="Planet Puzzle League">
Planet Puzzle League

Planet Puzzle League; known in Europe as Puzzle League DS, and in Japan as ; is a video game for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console in the "Puzzle League"/"Panel de Pon" visual matching puzzle game series. In North America, "Planet Puzzle League" is part of the "Touch! Generations" brand; in Japan, "Panel de Pon DS" is marketed in the general "Touch!" brand. The publisher for the game is Nintendo, and the developer is Nintendo first-party developer Intelligent Systems, creator of the original "Panel de Pon" and its cult classic English-language adaptation "Tetris Attack". The game was released in Japan on April 26, 2007 in North America on June 4, 2007, and in Europe on June 29, 2007. There are currently no plans to release this game in Australia.
Gameplay.
In "Planet Puzzle League", identically-sized square blocks (panels) of various colors are stacked in a two-dimensional well 6 spaces wide, of which the active on-screen playfield is 12 spaces tall. The blocks in the stack align according to an invisible grid, such that the blocks occupy distinct rows and columns.
"Planet Puzzle League", by default, is played with the Nintendo DS unit in a sideways "book-style" orientation, which allows the vertically oriented playfield and its blocks to be displayed larger, making it better-suited for touch-screen gameplay. The game can also be played in the standard Nintendo DS orientation, for button positioning that is suited for traditional button-based gameplay. Either control method can be used, regardless of orientation. The game can be configured for either left-handed or right-handed play.
When using touchscreen control, blocks can be dragged horizontally with the stylus. In this control scheme, a "move" occurs as a block is dragged from one grid space into an adjacent grid space, during which a two-space horizontal cursor is repositioned, framing both grid spaces. As a block is dragged into a space occupied by another block; the other block is swapped into the space vacated by the dragged block. For computer-controlled players and when using traditional button-based control, the cursor is navigated along the playfield to select spaces to swap, in which a move occurs when blocks are repositioned in a swap. Players move the cursor using the D-pad and perform swaps using the A or B action button.
Clearing.
When blocks of the same color are aligned adjacent to one another in vertical or horizontal lines of three or more while supported from underneath, the blocks are "clear"ed, "exploding" (disappearing) from the playing field one by one, from left to right, top to bottom. When more than three blocks are cleared at the same moment, the event is known as a "combo". Combos are measured by the number of blocks cleared, with a clear of six blocks referred to as a "+6" combo. Once all the blocks in a clear or combo have disappeared, the blocks that were resting atop the cleared blocks drop down.
When blocks that drop down as a result of a clear result in another clear upon landing, the clears are linked together in a "chain". Chains are measured by the number of clears in the chain, with a chain of three clears referred to as an "x3" or "triple" chain. When the blocks for a chain are actively moved into position while the blocks in a cleared line are exploding, the resultant chain is referred to as an "active chain". In some modes, "hints" for performing active chains are occasionally provided in the form of an arrow indicating a particular move to perform.
Lift.
In all gameplay modes except Puzzle modes, the stack of blocks lifts (rises) up from the bottom of the screen. As the match progresses, the stack rises at an accelerating rate. In these modes, players have the ability to manually lift the stack by using a "Lift" button. For touch control, the Lift button is a touch-screen area located to the side of the playfield. For button control, a shoulder button is used for the Lift button. If a player's stack is in a state of rising while at or beyond the top edge of their playing field, the player loses the match.
The lift of the stack stops while blocks are exploding. If a combo or chain is performed, a "stop" occurs, in which the rising of the stack will remain stopped for a short time after the clear. The duration of the stop depends on level of combo or chain that was performed, as well as the height of the stack, decreasing as the match progresses. Lifting the stack manually during a stop overrides it and resumes natural lifting speed.
Garbage.
In several modes of play, rectangular "garbage" of various widths and heights can drop from above the playing field to add to the stack. When a block is cleared while touching a piece of garbage, the garbage piece and all same-colored garbage pieces contiguous with it are "transform"ed as a group, space by space from right to left, row by row from bottom to top. In the transformation, the bottommost layer of each piece of garbage is turned into blocks. The rising of the stack is stopped during the transformation of garbage. Until the entire transformation event is completed for the entire group, the newly formed blocks still behave as part of the garbage, and cannot be moved or used in a clear. Once the transformation event is completed the newly formed blocks move, fall and clear as normal.
In Vs. modes, garbage can be sent to the opponent(s) by clearing "surprise block"s (chrome blocks with exclamation marks) or performing combos or chains. The garbage pieces are produced according to the table:
For a chain, the garbage piece produced spans the whole width of the playfield, with a height of one less than the chain level.
Item blocks.
A new addition to the Puzzle League series, item blocks are special blocks that are optionally available in Garbage Battle matches, which cause certain effects when cleared. While the item is in effect, the item block is displayed to the right of the playfield of the affected player, scrolling up from the bottom of the screen, with the effect wearing off when the item scrolls past the top of the screen.
Game modes.
Single-player.
"Planet Puzzle League" features several different gameplay modes:
Vs. COM.
In Vs. COM modes, competitive matches are played against a computer-controlled (CPU) opponent. There are several Vs. COM modes available for playing:
Time Attack.
In Time Attack modes, the goal is to score as high as possible in 2 minutes. There are several Time Attack modes:
Puzzle.
In Puzzle modes, different puzzle scenarios are presented for which there are only a limited set of solutions. In some modes, a "hint" button is available which provides a solution hint when pressed. Each Puzzle mode features six ten-stage levels.
There are two standard Puzzle modes. In each, progress is saved with the clearing of each separate stage.
In addition, there are two new Puzzle modes. In these modes, progress is only saved upon the completion of the entire level.
Daily Play.
In "Daily Play", players can play special Time Attack challenges once per day, for which the scores are recorded in a graph displaying performance over time.
Multiplayer.
Wi-Fi Battle.
Two-player Vs. matches can be played over the internet using the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. Players can be matched with opponents according to several different modes:
DS Wireless Play.
Multiplayer Vs. matches of up to four players can be played over local wireless connections through either Multi-Card Play or Single-Card Download Play. Competing with other players through DS Wireless Play automatically registers them in the player's Friend Roster.
Players whose games have ended through either elimination or completion can continue to play until the match is finished for all competitors.
DSiWare release.
A condensed adaptation of "Panel de Pon DS", , was released for the Nintendo DSi's DSiWare download service. It consists of four single-player modes: Endless, Clear, Score Attack, and Vs. COM. The game was released in Japan on January 29, 2009, in the PAL regions on July 17, 2009 as A Little Bit of… Puzzle League, and in North America as Puzzle League Express on August 31, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9625641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625641" title="Joshua Perper">
Joshua Perper

Joshua Perper (born December 17, 1932 in Romania) is a noted forensic pathologist and toxicologist. He served as the Chief Medical Examiner of Broward County, Florida for seventeen years, during which time he conducted autopsies on a number of famous individuals, including Anna Nicole Smith. Prior to his appointment to that position, he served as Allegheny County's Coroner serving metro Pittsburgh.
Early life and professional career.
Perper was born in Bacău, Romania and he escaped the Nazis during World War II and, following the war, the Russians. At the age of 18, moved to Israel, graduating from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem Faculty of Medicine (medical school) in 1960 and Faculty of Law (law school) in 1966. In 1969, he finished post graduate studies in forensic pathology at Johns Hopkins University. He served as Associate Medical Examiner, Senior Research Fellow and then Chief Medical Examiner in Baltimore, Maryland from 1969 to 1971. Between 1971 and 1994, while living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Perper was a toxicologist and then Chief Forensic Pathologist in the Allegheny County Coroner's Office (now called the Medical Examiner's Office), serving under Cyril Wecht.
Allegheny County Coroner.
In 1980, Wecht was elected to the Allegheny County Board of Commissioners. Wecht did not resign as Coroner until January 9, two days after his swearing-in as Commissioner, as the law did not prohibit him from holding both the offices of Coroner and Commissioner. He resigned under pressure from a variety of sources, including his predecessor as Coroner, Dr. Ralph Stalter, a Republican, and the administration of Governor Dick Thornburgh, also a Republican. Wecht initially recommended that Perper succeed him, and indeed Perper held the title of Acting Coroner until Thornburgh appointed Dr. Sanford Edburg to succeed Wecht. While Perper initially rejected the appointment as unconstitutional, the State Supreme Court upheld Thornburgh's right to appoint Edberg, who duly took over the office of Coroner on March 2, 1981. The transition was not met without a brief physical altercation between the two men. Perper would return to the Coroner's office in January 1982, after he defeated Edberg in the fall 1981 general election.
Los Angeles County Medical Examiner appointment.
In February 1991, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to name Perper the County's new Chief Medical Examiner. While Perper initially accepted the posting, he backed-out of the job two months before he was to begin his duties. Perper cited a variety of reasons behind his decision, including the economic–media reports indicated Perper and his wife, a real estate agent, believed they could not afford the kind of home to which they had become accustomed–and the emotional–Perper's wife also did not want to leave behind the couple's friends.
He would therefore remain Allegheny County Coroner for another three years.
Broward County Chief Medical Examiner.
Perper did resign as Allegheny County Coroner in 1994, after he was appointed Chief Medical Examiner of Broward County, Florida by Governor Lawton Chiles.
Notable autopsies.
Krissy Taylor.
Perper performed the autopsy on Krissy Taylor, the 17-year-old model who died of bronchial asthma in 1995, after collapsing in her parents' home. Krissy was the younger sister of model Niki Taylor.
Steve Bechler.
Dr. Perper performed the autopsy of Steve Bechler after the pitcher's death on February 17, 2003. According to Perper:
"It is my professional opinion that the toxicity of ephedra played a significant role in the death of Mr. Bechler, although it's impossible to define mathematically the contribution of each one of the factors in his unfortunate death due to heatstroke."
During the investigation Perper interviewed Bechler's family. He found that Bechler was overweight, out of shape, was not yet accustomed to the warm and humid weather in South Florida, was on a primarily liquid or semi-liquid diet, did not feel well or eat the night before he collapsed and had high blood pressure, was using Xenadrine and had abnormal liver functions.
Anna Nicole Smith.
Perper examined and autopsied the body of Anna Nicole Smith. He also had significant involvement in the hearing deciding the fate of her body and has made numerous TV appearances on Nancy Grace and various other shows in relation to this. He revealed his findings that her death was due to an accidental lethal combination of therapeutic levels of 3 benzodiazapenes and chloral hydrate. Chloral hydrate was believed to be the major contributing factor. An infection in her left buttock was also a contributory factor. After reviewing evidence in collaboration with legal authorities, he judged the death "accidental" and not suicide or homicide, or death by natural causes.
Retirement.
In September 2011, Governor Rick Scott announced he would not reappoint Perper to another three year term as Chief Medical Examiner. Perper expressed surprise at the decision, and subsequently announced his intention to resign at the end of October of that year, and enter retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="9625672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625672" title="Pakad">
Pakad

In Hindustani music, a pakad is a generally accepted musical phrase (or set of phrases) thought to encapsulate the essence of a particular raga. The pakad contains the melodic theme of the raga, on listening to the pakad a person who knows the raga is usually able to identify it. In many cases, the ragas contain the same swaras (notes), then the pakad also contains information about gayaki or chalan (the way the notes are to be ordered and played/sung). Usually, the pakad is formed from short convolutions of the arohana and avarohana, while in some cases it is quite different from them. The pakad for a particular raga need not be unique, its sole purpose is to clarify what raga it is.
For example, here is a pakad for raga Yaman, a prominent raga from Hindustani Music:
Ni* Re Ga Ma# Pa, Ma# Ga Re Sa.

</doc>
<doc id="9625683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625683" title="Overstock">
Overstock

Overstock, excessive stock, B-stock, or excess inventory, is the result of poor management of stock demand or of material flow in process management. Excessive stock is also associated with loss of revenue owing to additional capital bound with the purchase or simply storage space taken. Excessive stock can result from over delivery from a supplier or from poor ordering and management of stock by a buyer for the stock
Overstock also known as Seasonal Overstock, consists of first quality overstock that must be sold.
At the end of a selling season, all designated merchandise is removed from the selling floor, boxed and sold to liquidation companies (e.g., all winter coats are removed from the selling floor mid-spring to make room in the stores for swimwear).
When referring to overstock merchandise in the form of consumer goods in a retail operation, the term refers to goods that have never been purchased by a customer but that are considered excessive stock from shelves and/or warehouses. Excessive stock is typically discarded of in the following ways: returned to the manufacturer or original distributor, liquidated to companies that then resell it on the secondary wholesale or retail market, sold at an extreme discount to existing customers, sold to salvage companies which then process metals and components of value.
Economical implication.
The prior damage caused by excessive stock is an early exhaust of cash flow, later the loss of free disposible capital for investing.
With food supplies, excessive stock can cause the loss of millions of currency units as the product freshness may deteriorate to such an extent that it can not be sold, as is the case with fresh fruit and vegetables or even more sensitive resources like fresh fish.

</doc>
<doc id="9625695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625695" title="Prahar">
Prahar

In Indian languages, prahara is a unit of time. A day is divided into eight Prahars, making each prahar equivalent to three hours. The first prahar starts at 3am.
In Indian classical music there are ragas which are prescribed to be performed at particular prahar to maximize their aesthetic effects.
The first pahar starts at sunrise. The word for afternoon in many Indian Languages is an equivalent of 'two-pahers'. Around sunset the fourth paher of the day ends. And similarly there are four pahers for the night.
One paher is further divided into gharis. And "Ghati/ghadi" is also divided into sub units. The details about time can be understood from below chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9625708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625708" title="Santa Fe Christian Schools">
Santa Fe Christian Schools

Santa Fe Christian Schools is a private, college preparatory, Christian school, located in Solana Beach, California. It serves approximately 1,000 students in kindergarten through 12th grade. 
SFC is dedicated to expanding minds, building faith and enriching lives for all our students. Our rigorous academic curriculum is taught through a Biblical worldview. Plus, SFC teachers are passionate about serving Christ and instill a love of learning in their students.
SFC nurtures the whole child through a variety of enrichment opportunities including athletics, music and the arts. Most importantly, students grow their Christian faith through Bible study, chapel, small groups, spiritual retreats, community service and mission trips. SFC’s strong community of parents, faculty and staff are dedicated to pursuing excellence for Christ.
Founded in 1977, Santa Fe Christian Schools is a coeducational independent college preparatory school. The Lower School serves students in grades K–5, the Middle School, grades 6–8 and the Upper School, grades 9–12.
Academics.
Students at Santa Fe Christian have the option of taking Advanced Placement classes in high school. AP exams offered in the past few years at Santa Fe include: English Language and Composition, English Literature, World History, Art: Studio Drawing, Biology, Chemistry, Calculus AB and BC, Statistics, Spanish Language, Government, US History, and Music Theory. The student to teacher ratio is 13:1.
The classes that the school is offering in the Upper School are:
Athletics.
Santa Fe has a very developed Athletic program. The Sports that are offered include the following:
Santa Fe Christian is known for its successful program. With over 60 teams in grades 6th–12th alone, SFC has won numerous League Championships, CIF Championships, and State Championships in Division 4 and 5.
The Sixth Man.
The Sixth Man is the notorious student section at SFC sporting events, particularly Woman's Volleyball and Men's and Woman's Basketball. It was originally created by the Class of 2001 to support the Women's Basketball Team during the 2000 season, when the girls team won the CIF Championship and played in the State Championship game in Arco Arena. The original members were known to use red, white, and black body paint. In honor of The Sixth Man, SFC placed a Sixth Man sign over the home section in the gym. Cheers are lead throughout the sporting event intending to be loud and cheer on the teams while also deterring the focus of the other team.

</doc>
<doc id="9625720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625720" title="Paul B. Lowney">
Paul B. Lowney

Paul Benjamin Lowney (March 25, 1917 - May 12, 2007) was a Seattle-based author and humorist. He wrote 29 books and three comic strips, most mixing humor, philosophy, and whimsical illustrations by his frequent collaborator Frank Renlie. "Saturday Review" described his work by saying, "Sometimes Lowney makes you think and then laugh; and sometimes he makes you laugh and then think." 
He also authored non-fiction works on Seattle and his experiences growing up in Butte during the 1930s.
Biography.
Paul Lowney was born and raised in Butte, Montana, fourth and youngest child of Lithuanian Jewish parents. He graduated from Butte High School and the University of Montana, where he majored in sociology and philosophy. In Seattle, he took graduate studies in philosophy at the University of Washington.
During World War II he served three years in the U.S. Army as an overseas field correspondent for "Yank, the Army Weekly".
After leaving the Army in Virginia, he became a staff writer for the American Red Cross at their national headquarters in Washington, D.C.
He moved back to Seattle and worked as a civilian information officer for the Army and then the Navy. During this time he was commissioned a First Lieutenant, Military Intelligence, in the Army Reserve.
Later, under contract to "The Seattle Times", he wrote a weekly humor feature for 11 years and also authored several pieces for national magazines.
He also founded Lowney Advertising and Crown & Lurie Publishers, both based in Seattle.
Writing career.
In his senior year at Butte High School, Paul Lowney wrote a humor column for his school paper, "The Mountaineer", and has been writing humor ever since. Someone asked him how he happened to get into writing and he said, “When I was eight, I found a small pencil in my Cracker Jack box and I didn't want to throw it away.”
His humor has appeared in "Parade", "Saturday Review", "Reader's Digest", and in scores of newspapers through his syndication with the Los Angeles Times Syndicate, Copley News Service, and the Pacific Media Group.
For 11 years, his humor panel, "Gleeb", appeared in "The Seattle Times".
His hardback humor books issued by New York publishers include "Gleeb", "The Big Book of Gleeb", "Offbeat Humor", "The Best of Offbeat Humor", and "The Love Game".
His non-fiction book, "At Another Time — Growing up in Butte", is in its ninth printing. 

</doc>
<doc id="9625726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625726" title="Ole Forsing">
Ole Forsing

Ole Forsing (born 23 July 1942) is a Danish former amateur football (soccer) player, who played for B 1903 in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1970 Danish football championship. He played five games and scored one goal for the Denmark national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9625774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625774" title="Matthew Ward">
Matthew Ward

Matthew or Matt Ward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9625796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625796" title="Krasnodar Krai Head of Administration elections">
Krasnodar Krai Head of Administration elections

Elections of governors in Krasnodar Krai.
The first election of Krasnodar governor took place in 1996. This happened in the series of Russian regional elections that went in 1996–1997. For many Russian Oblasts and Krais elections of governors occurred for the first time, and Krasnodar Krai was such a region.
Election of 1996.
First attempt.
27 October 1996
Nikolai Yegorov and Nikolai Kondratenko were two main candidates. Yegorov represented Yeltsin’s administration and Kondratenko ran supported by anti-Yeltsin’s parties. The result of people’s voting was:
Electoral activity - 43.3%
Distribution of ballots:
Mikhail Kurkov from Sochi was a candidate but withdrew in Kondratenko’s favour and Alexander Tkachyov from Vyselki also ran for a governor but withdrew in Yegorov’s favour.
The election failed because electoral laws of Krasnodar Krai demanded participation of at least 50% of citizens who might vote. On the next day the local parliament tried to reduce the minimum from 50% to 25% that election would be finished. It looked strange to change the law post factum, but while results were not official it seemed to be legal.
Anyway Yegorov vetoed the reducing and the parliament could pass the veto only some time later, when the first attempt of election was officially declared failed.
Second attempt.
The second voting to elect a Krasnodar governor was fixed on 22 December 1996. It was obvious that Nikolai Kondratenko would participate again to become a governor, but Nikolai Yegorov who seemed to have no chance participated too. Results showed he really had had no chance: his loss was even worse than in October.
22 December 1996
Citizens who might vote - 3,795,309
Ballots taken - 1,845,768 (48.63% activity)
Ballots found in boxes - 1,842,259
Valid ballots - 1,822,520
Invalid ballots 19,739 1.07% 
We see electoral activity grew however it did not reach the old mark of activity needed. Anyway a new mark of 25% was needed for that election, so it was declared successful.
Election of 2000.
Although Kondratenko was highly popular in Krasnodar Krai he refused to participate in the new race for governor. His friends, colleagues and a lot of citizens of the Krai were trying to make him change his decision, but Kondratenko kept his intention to retire from governorship.
On 3 December 2000 Alexander Tkachyov was elected the new governor. During the electoral race he was supported by Kondratenko and in the absence of serious rivals he (Tkachyov) won the election easily.
Activity - 46.73%
Election of 2004.
The election should take place in Dec 2004, but Tkachyov and the local parliament fixed it on 14 March 2004, on the day of the Presidential election. The official reason was to save money, but really Tkachyov wanted to use Vladimir Putin’s popularity to go in a “couple”: President and governor. The result was excellent for Tkachyov. Neither he himself nor Kondratenko had ever got such a popularity in absolute numbers.
Participation - 2,376,396 (63.08% activity)
Invalid ballots - 27,488 (1.16%)
This was the last election of Kuban governor, and soon electoral system was removed by another one, when the presidents presents a candidate for governor and local legislature accepts the candidate or rejects him (her).

</doc>
<doc id="9625798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625798" title="Quadratics">
Quadratics

Quadratics is a six-part Canadian instructional television series produced by TVOntario in 1993. The miniseries is part of the "Concepts in Mathematics" series. The program uses computer animation to demonstrate quadratic equations and their corresponding functions in the Cartesian coordinate system.
Synopsis.
Each program involves two robots, Edie and Charon, who work on an assembly line in a high-tech factory. The robots discuss their desire to learn about quadratic equations, and they are subsequently provided with lessons that further their education.

</doc>
<doc id="9625817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625817" title="Corn ethanol">
Corn ethanol

Corn ethanol is ethanol produced from corn that is used as a biomass. Corn ethanol is produced by means of ethanol fermentation and distillation.
Corn ethanol is mainly used as an oxygenate in gasoline to produce a low-level blend. To a lesser extent, it is used as fuel for E85 flex-fuel vehicles.
Corn is the main feedstock used for producing ethanol fuel in the United States.
Production process.
There are two main types of corn ethanol production: dry milling and wet milling. The products of each type are utilized in different ways.
In the dry milling process the entire corn kernel is ground into flour and referred to as "meal." The meal is then slurried by adding water. Enzymes are added to the mash that convert starch to dextrose, a simple sugar. Ammonia is added to control the pH and as a nutrient for the yeast, which is added later. The mixture is processed at high-temperatures to reduce the bacteria levels and transferred and cooled in fermenters. This is where the yeast is added and conversion from sugar to ethanol and carbon dioxide begins.
The entire process takes between 40 to 50 hours, during which time the mash is kept cool and agitated in order to facilitate yeast activity. After the process is complete, everything is transferred to distillation columns where the ethanol is removed from the "stillage". The ethanol is dehydrated to about 200 proof using a molecular sieve system and a denaturant such as gasoline is added to render the product undrinkable. With this last addition, the process is complete and the product is ready to ship to gasoline retailers or terminals. The remaining stillage then undergoes a different process to produce a highly nutritious livestock feed. The carbon dioxide released from the process is also utilized to carbonate beverages and to aid in the manufacturing of dry ice.
The process of wet milling takes the corn grain and steeps it in a dilute combination of sulfuric acid and water for 24 to 48 hours in order to separate the grain into many components. The slurry mix then goes through a series of grinders to separate out the corn germ. Corn oil is a by-product of this process and is extracted and sold. The remaining components of fiber, gluten and starch are segregated out using screen, hydroclonic and centrifugal separators.
The gluten protein is dried and filtered to make a corn gluten- meals co-product and is highly sought after by poultry broiler operators as a feed ingredient. The steeping liquor produced is concentrated and dried with the fiber and sold as corn gluten feed to in the livestock industry. The heavy steep water is also sold as a feed ingredient and is used as an environmentally friendly alternative to salt in the winter months. The corn starch and remaining water can then be processed one of three ways: 1) fermented into ethanol, through a similar process as dry milling, 2) dried and sold as modified corn starch, or 3) made into corn syrup.
The production of corn ethanol uses water in two ways – irrigation and processing. There are two types of ethanol processing, wet milling and dry milling, and the central difference between the two processes is how they initially treat the grain. In wet milling, the corn grain is steeped in water, and then separated for processing in the first step. Dry milling, which is more common, requires a different process. According to a report by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, "Over 80% of U.S. ethanol is produced from corn by the dry grind process." The dry grind process proceeds as follows:
"Corn grain is milled, then slurried with water to create 'mash.' Enzymes are added to the mash and this mixture is then cooked to hydrolyze the starch into glucose sugars. Yeast ferment these sugars into ethanol and carbon dioxide and the ethanol is purified through a combination of distillation and molecular sieve dehydration to create fuel ethanol. The byproduct of this process is known as distiller's dried grains and solubles (DDGS) and is used wet or dry as animal feed."
Environmental and social issues.
Since most U.S. ethanol is produced from corn and the required electricity from many distilleries comes mainly from coal plants, there has been considerable debate on the sustainability of corn-based bio-ethanol in replacing fossil fuels. Controversy and concerns relate to the large amount of arable land required for crops and its impact on grain supply, direct and indirect land use change effects, as well as issues regarding its energy balance and carbon intensity considering the full life cycle of ethanol production, and also issues regarding water use and pollution due to the increase expansion of ethanol production.
The initial assumption that biofuels were good for the environment because they had a smaller carbon footprint is in debate over the contention that the production of grain alcohol, and therefore E85, may actually have a greater environmental impact than fossil fuel.
That view says that one must consider:
The U.S. Department of Energy has published facts stating that current corn-based ethanol results in a 19% reduction in greenhouse gases, and is better for the environment than other gasoline additives such as MTBE.
Ethanol produced today results in fewer greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions than gasoline and is fully biodegradable, unlike some fuel additives.
Others say that ethanol from corn, as a fuel available now, and cellulosic ethanol in the future, are both much better fuels for the environment. Ethanol derived from sugar-beet as used in Europe or sugar-cane as grown in Brazil in industrial scale is generally seen as having a very positive CO2 balance with up to 80% reduction in well-to-wheel CO2.
A University of Nebraska study in 2009 showed corn ethanol directly emits 51% less greenhouse gas than gasoline. However this study does not take into account the greenhouse gasses involved in production and transportation
Economic impact of corn ethanol.
The use of ethanol for fuel has had a damaging impact on food markets, especially in poorer countries. In the United States, ethanol is mostly made from yellow corn, and as the market boomed for alternative fuel, yellow corn went up in price. Many farmers saw the potential to make more money, and switched from white corn to yellow corn. White corn is the main ingredient of tortillas in Mexico, and as the supply dropped, the price doubled, making the base of most Mexican foods unaffordable. Many people see this as unacceptable, and want no overlap between food crops and fuel crops. Others point out that the earth is thought to be able to support double the current human population, and press that the resources available, such as unused farmable land, should be better handled.
The Renewable Fuels Association (RFA), the ethanol industry's lobby group, claims that ethanol production does increase the price of corn by increasing demand. RFA claims that ethanol production has positive economic effect for US farmers, but it does not elaborate on the effect for other populations where field corn is part of the staple diet. An RFA lobby document states that "In a January 2007 statement, the USDA Chief Economist stated that farm program payments were expected to be reduced by some $6 billion due to the higher value of a bushel of corn. 
Corn production in 2009 reached over 13.2 billion bushels, and a per acre yield jumped to over 165 bushels per acre.
On March 9, 2011, senator Dianne Feinstein from California introduced a bill that repealed the corn subsidies in the U.S. She is quoted, telling Congress "Ethanol is the only industry that benefits from a triple crown of government intervention: its use is mandated by law, it is protected by tariffs, and companies are paid by the federal government to use it. It's time we end this practice once and for all".
Alternatives to corn as a feedstock.
Remnants from food production such as corn stover could be used to produce ethanol instead of food corn. The use of cellulosic biomass to produce ethanol is a new trend in biofuel production. Fuels from these products are considered second generation biofuels and are considered by some to be a solution to the food verses fuel debate. The possibility of using this material has been acknowledged by the scientific community and the political community as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9625819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625819" title="SoNo, Atlanta">
SoNo, Atlanta

SoNo (South of North Avenue) is a sub-district of Downtown Atlanta, Georgia, just south of Midtown. The area was defined and named by Central Atlanta Progress in 2005 in order to better establish an identity for the area and give it a hipper image, although Atlanta natives have never given credence to the name of the neighborhood. SoNo refers to the area of Downtown bounded by North Avenue on the north, Central Park Place on the east and the Downtown Connector (Interstate-75/85) on the west and south.
Ongoing urban renewal efforts in the new neighborhood seek to establish a chic cultural identity for the underdeveloped area, as well as reunite the Midtown and Downtown commercial districts (which have remained mostly divided since the construction of the Downtown Connector through the heart of the city), including a proposed "interstate cap" over the highway that would extend Mayor's Park south along Peachtree Street to Baker Street.
SoNo is home to several attractions, including Emory University Hospital Midtown, the Atlanta Civic Center, Shakespeare Tavern and the Bank of America Plaza, the city's tallest building. It also is home to the historic Baltimore Block and Rufus M. Rose House. SoNo's centerpiece Renaissance and Central Parks were also the site of Atlanta's annual Music Midtown festival, which was last held in 2012. The controversial Peachtree-Pine Shelter is located in SoNo.
Public transportation is provided by MARTA with buses and with the north-south rail line serving the Civic Center station.
History.
In the last decades of the 19th century and the first years of the 20th, Peachtree Street was a street of elegant mansions — the Rufus M. Rose House being the last remaining example in what is now SoNo. These gradually were replaced by commercial buildings, large churches, apartment buildings and boarding houses and by the end of the 1920s the transformation was complete. With suburbanization in the mid-20th century, the area went into a period of decline. When given its name and new image by Central Atlanta Progress in 2005, SoNo had not yet participated substantially in the renaissance of either downtown to the south or Midtown to the north.
The area from Piedmont east to Central Park had a different history — this developed as the Buttermilk Bottom slum area, which was razed in the 1960s. Most of the land then remained empty, the Convention Center (built 1967), now the Boisfeuillet Jones Atlanta Civic Center, being an exception. FInally, in the mid-1980s new, mostly mixed-income projects were built on the land, while some of the land was used for today's Renaissance Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9625830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625830" title="Christiane Noll">
Christiane Noll

Christiane Noll (born October 5, 1968) is an American singer and actress known for her work in musicals and on the concert stage. She is perhaps best known for originating the role of Emma Carew in Frank Wildhorn's "Jekyll & Hyde", as well as her roles in "Urinetown" and "Ragtime".
Life and career.
Noll was born in New York City and raised in Leonia, New Jersey, where she attended Leonia High School. She is the daughter of conductor and Emmy Award-winning Music Supervisor for CBS, the late Ron Noll (1929–2008), and soprano Sara-Ann Noll. She graduated from Carnegie Mellon University. In 2006, Noll married actor Jamie LaVerdiere, who appeared in the Broadway production of the musical "The Pirate Queen" in 2007. The couple's first child, a girl, was born in February 2009. Noll has established the Charlotte Black Memorial Fund as an endowed award at Carnegie Mellon University.
Noll appeared as Sister Margaretta in the 2013 NBC Broadcast of The Sound of Music. 
Stage work.
In 2010 Noll was seen on Broadway as Mother in the revival of "Ragtime" at the Neil Simon Theatre for which she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Musical. Additionally, she created the role of Emma in the Broadway production of "Jekyll & Hyde" in 1997 after playing the role in out-of-town tryouts. She also appeared on Broadway in the revue, "It Ain't Nothin' but the Blues" (1999). Noll earned good notices for her performances as Kathie in "The Student Prince" in 2000 at the Paper Mill Playhouse and Marianne in City Center Encores! "The New Moon" (2003). Noll received an Ovation Award for her role as Hope Cladwell in the National Tour of "Urinetown" (2004). She also created the roles of Vanna Vane in "The Mambo Kings" musical (2005), Jane Smart in the American premier of "The Witches of Eastwick" at the Signature Theatre in Arlington, Virginia (2007), Elizabeth Lavenza in the rock musical "Frankenstein - A New Musical" (2007 off-Broadway, 37 Arts) and Jordan in "The Piper" at the NY Music Theatre Festival (2007). Noll appeared as Ruth in 2008 in "Ace" at the Signature Theatre in Arlington.
Noll has starred in the national tours of "Grease", as Sandy, "Miss Saigon", as Ellen, and "City of Angels", as Mallory/Avril, as well as a tour of Australia and Thailand as Nellie in "South Pacific". She performed with Plácido Domingo in the Washington National Opera's "The Merry Widow" as Valencienne at The Kennedy Center (2005). Other stage credits include Mabel in "Mack & Mabel" (for which she won a 2004 Connecticut Critics Circle Award), Genvieve in "The Baker's Wife"(2002), Lizzie in "Lizzie Borden" (2001 at Goodspeed Opera House), The Baker's Wife in "Into the Woods(2005)", Carrie in "Carousel", Laura in "A Fine & Private Place", (2006 off-Broadway York Theater), Woman 2 in "Little by Little", (1999 off-Broadway York Theater), and Mabel in Eugene Opera's "The Pirates of Penzance" (2006). Regional theatre productions include "Oliver!", "All Night Strut", "Cinderella", "Annie", "42nd Street", "My Fair Lady", "Sweeney Todd," and "Little Shop of Horrors" (American Music Theatre of San Jose (2008)). She played Mother in "Ragtime" at the Kennedy Center (2009) winning a 2010 Helen Hayes Award for Best Actress in a Musical.
Noll is heard on concept albums for a new musical, "The New Picasso", which was released in January 2008, and "Dracula", released in 2006
Concert, cabaret and recording work.
Noll frequently performs Broadway favorites in concert and has been a guest soloist as part of "Bravo Broadway" with the National Symphony and Marvin Hamlisch, The Cincinnati Pops, The Jerusalem Symphony, The Philadelphia Pops and Peter Nero, and has sung with The Cleveland Orchestra, the Detroit Symphony, the Alabama Symphony Orchestra, The Harrisburg Symphony, The San Francisco Symphony, and the Sinfonica Brasileira in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She made her Carnegie Hall debut with Skitch Henderson, in his last New York Pops performance, as part of "3 Broadway Divas". 
Noll also performs a solo cabaret show and has been a featured member of the "Broadway Inspirational Voices Gospel Choir". 
Noll has released four solo CD’s, "Christiane Noll - A Broadway Love Story" (1998), "The Ira Gershwin Album" (2001), "Live at the Westbank Café" (2003) and "Christiane Noll - My Personal Property" (2008). She supplied the singing-voice of Anna in the Warner Bros. animated feature "The King and I" (1999). Some of her numerous recordings are "Jekyll & Hyde" (1997), "The King & I" (1999, Sony Classics), "Little by Little" (1999), "A Christmas Survival Guide" (2000), "What's a Nice Girl Like You...", "Z: The Masked Musical" (2000), "Bravo Broadway 2", "The Three Broadway Divas" (with two fellow Divas - Jan Horvath and Debbie Gravitte), "Far from the Madding Crowd" (2000), "The New Moon" (2003), " Neo: A Celebration of Emerging Talent in Musical Theatre, Benefiting the York Theatre Company" (2005), and albums of the music of Stephen Sondheim, Burt Bacharach, Paul Simon, Scott Alan and Stephen Schwartz, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="9625831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625831" title="Merkin Concert Hall">
Merkin Concert Hall

Merkin Concert Hall is a 449-seat concert hall in Manhattan, New York City. The hall, named in honor of Hermann and Ursula Merkin, is part of the Kaufman Music Center, a complex that includes the Lucy Moses School, a community arts school, and the Special Music School (P.S. 859), a New York City public school for musically gifted children. Merkin Concert Hall hosts 70,000 concert goers a year.
Overview.
Merkin Concert Hall opened in Kaufman Music Center's (then The Hebrew Art School's) Abraham Goodman House in 1978, and soon after distinguished itself as an important New York City venue, featuring innovative classical and new music programming (it is the recipient of three awards in Adventurous Programming by ASCAP/Chamber Music America). Located in the Lincoln Square neighborhood, it is near the Lincoln Center campus but is not affiliated with it. Merkin Hall hosts over 200 concerts a year, many of them Kaufman Music Center presentations. It has several long-running series, presenting established and emerging artists, as well as Broadway and Family focused shows. Beginning in 1986, Kaufman Music Center has co-presented "New Sounds Live" with WNYC, hosted by John Schaefer and broadcast live on the radio. In 2003, New York Festival of Song began its series of co-presentations at Merkin Hall as well. WQXR-FM's online webcast Q2 began live streaming of Kaufman Music Center's Ecstatic Music Festival in 2011.
Renovations.
Kaufman Music Center launched a $17 million campaign to renovate the complex. The lead donors were Elaine and Henry Kaufman, who pledged $7 million towards the project. Elaine Kaufman has been a member of the Center’s board for more than twenty years, and served as its chairman from 1999 to 2005. She said, “The Center is a unique organization, placing equal emphasis on education and performance, an essential balance for developing the artists and audiences of the future.”
Renovations included restoration of the building façade using contemporary materials and redesign of the main entrance; expanded space for music classes, special events, and theater workshops, including two new classrooms and a flexible balcony educational space; enhanced audio-visual capabilities in Merkin Concert Hall, including updated listening systems for hearing-impaired concert goers and students; structural and mechanical improvements, including the installation of a new HVAC system; reupholstered seating and minor refinishing in Merkin Concert Hall; renovation and expansion of restrooms; expansion of lobby space to serve the two schools; and the redesign of Merkin Hall lobby. The renovation respects the building’s original form while enhancing its functionality and appearance.
The goals of the renovation were portrayed in theatrical terms: “At a performance venue, the show should begin on the sidewalk. We’re going to have a welcoming new canopy over the street entrance, with the Kaufman name on it big enough to be visible from both Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue. We will transform the arrival experience and brighten it up with vivid fire-red marble—everything from coat-checking to buying your refreshments to finding your seat will take place in a more glamorous setting, so that Merkin Hall and the Kaufman Center can become more indelibly stamped on the New York mind than ever before.”

</doc>
<doc id="9625836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625836" title="Tomesode">
Tomesode

Originally, there was a custom that the long sleeves of the furisode were shortened after marriage, thereby creating a tomesode. This was because the long swinging sleeves would be impractical when the married woman worked in the kitchen. The word "tomesode" itself consists of two kanji meaning "to fasten" (留) and "sleeve" (袖）.
The tomesode distinguishes itself from other kimono by only having patterns under the waistline. It has five or sometimes three family crests, or kamon, which indicates the formality of the kimono.
Kuro-tomesode (black tomesode) are often worn for wedding ceremonies by married female relatives of the bride or groom. The eri, obijime and obiage are always white, and the obi matches the colourful pattern of the kimono to signify a happy occasion. It is believed that the black colour is to match the clean white colour of the bride, as this kimono is rarely used at other occasions than weddings of near family members (sisters or daughters). A friend of the bride or groom would not wear kurotomesode, but homongi or iro-tomesode.
At events at the imperial palace, it is strictly forbidden to wear kuro-tomesode, and here iro-tomesode is worn.
Iro-tomesode is the second most formal kimono and is similar to the kuro-tomesode, except that it has light colours instead of being black. It can be worn at weddings by married women not closely related to the bride or groom or at other festive occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="9625841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625841" title="Stephen Turnbull (historian)">
Stephen Turnbull (historian)

Stephen Richard Turnbull (born 6 February 1948) is a British academic, historian and writer. He is a specialist in eastern military history, particularly in that of Japan. The books he wrote are mainly on Japanese and Mongolian subjects.
He attended Cambridge University where he gained his first degree. He currently holds an MA in Theology, MA in Military History and a PhD from the University of Leeds where he is currently a lecturer in Far Eastern Religions.
He has also written a number of books on other medieval topics. He was on the editorial board of the short-lived "Medieval History Magazine" (2003–2005), which was published in association with the Royal Armouries. He was a consultant for the widely successful PC game ' and also its well-received sequel ', both products of Creative Assembly, as well as the Hollywood film "47 Ronin" starring Keanu Reeves.

</doc>
<doc id="9625842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625842" title="James Rønvang">
James Rønvang

James Rønvang (17 July 1925 – 16 August 2001) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player, who played for Akademisk Boldklub in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1950 and 1951 Danish football championships. He played two games for the Denmark national football team, and also played for the Denmark national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9625847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625847" title="Neighborhoods of Allahabad">
Neighborhoods of Allahabad

Allahabad is one of the largest cities of the State of Uttar Pradesh in India. It encompasses a large area and is an inland peninsula surrounded by the rivers Ganges and Yamuna from three sides with only one side connected to the mainland. Along with a large number of areas within Allahabad City, there are several satellite cities on the other side of the rivers Ganges and Yamuna, and are considered as satellite cities of Allahabad.There are also a large number of Townships and Villages near Allahabad City Within Allahabad District. Posh pockets of the city include neighborhoods like Civil Lines, Kotwali, Dhoomanganj, Colonelganj, Shivkuti, Georgetown, Kareli, Cantt, Kydgunj, and Attarsuiya.
The Old Allahabad City, at the south of Allahabad Junction Railway Station, consists of neighborhoods like Chowk, Johnstongunj, Dariyabad, Khuldabad etc. and was in existence from the time of Akbar. Some magnificent structures erected in this era consist of the Khusro Bagh and the Allahabad Fort. In the north of Railway Station, the New Allahabad City consists of neighborhoods like Lukergunj, Civil Lines, Georgetown, Tagoretown, Ashok Nagar, Mumfordgunj etc., which are relatively new and were built during the British rule. These neighborhoods reflect British architecture like the All Saints Cathedral, Alfred Park and Allahabad High Court. Newer residential areas include neighborhoods like Kareli and suburbs like Naini and Jhunsi.
Benigunj.
Benigunj is situated near to railways station.
Chowk.
Chowk is the historic city centre of the Old Allahabad city. It is situated at southern part of Allahabad Municipal Council.1 Chowk serves as a traditional bazaar with The Grand Trunk Road running through the centre of it. Chowk is a historical point, where once stood the Neem tree where numerous freedom fighters were hanged in the first Indian War of Independence.
Civil Lines.
Formerly known as Cannington and Canning Town, it is the central business district of Allahabad and is famous for its urban setting, gridiron plan roads and high rise buildings. Built in 1857, under the supervision of Cuthbert Bensley Thornhill, it was the largest town-planning project carried out in India before the establishment of New Delhi.
Georgetown.
Georgetown is a neighborhood of Allahabad, India. It is a residential area in the central part of the city mainly occupied by the white collar workers, doctors and advocates. It also houses a large number of hospitals and clinics. Georgetown is famous for is affluent surroundings and apartments. It is bordered by Kamla Nehru Road in the west, Thornhill Road, MG Marg in the south and Tagoretown in the west.
Notable landmarks located in and near the neighborhood are Alfred Park and Lowther Castle.
Lukergunj.
Lukergunj is a posh residential area famous for its Victorian era bungalows and high-rise apartments. Lukergunj, well known for its clubbing culture, was once predominantly occupied by British and Anglo Indians. It is situated one kilometer south west from the Allahabad Railway Station.
Meergunj.
This neighborhood is the infamously claimed red-light district of the city. Apart from that it is also a densely populated residential area and a marketplace. It is located near Chowk.

</doc>
<doc id="9625859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625859" title="Munkbrogatan">
Munkbrogatan

Munkbrogatan (Swedish: "Monk's Bridge Street") is a street in the western part of Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching south between Munkbron and Mälartorget squares, it forms a parallel street to Munkbroleden and Lilla Nygatan, crossed by Yxsmedsgränd, Kåkbrinken, and Schönfeldts Gränd.
Named after the square at the northern end (which, in turn, was named after the Greyfriars abbey once located on Riddarholmen), the street is, together with the neighbourhood, a product of the reconstruction of the western part of the old town following a major fire in the 17th century. It appears in historical records as "Munkbrohamnsgatan" ("Munkbro Harbour Street") in 1664 and under its present name in 1691.
The street surface was cobbled in 2003-2005, thus replacing the asphalt of the roadway and the concrete slabs of the pavements.

</doc>
<doc id="9625870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625870" title="Valdemar Kendzior">
Valdemar Kendzior

Valdemar Kendzior (26 January 1926 - 13 October 1998) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player of Polish descent, who played for Skovshoved IF in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1952 and 1953 Danish football championships. He played two games and scored three goals for the Denmark national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9625875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625875" title="Bernhard Schaub">
Bernhard Schaub

Bernhard Schaub (born 1954 in Bern) is a Swiss holocaust denier and an activist in the far right extremist scene. He is working in Switzerland and Germany. He gained publicity, particularly in Switzerland, due to his book "Adler und Rose" (1992, self-published).
Professional career.
Bernhard Schaub was a teacher at a Waldorf school (a type of school based on Rudolf Steiner’s Waldorf pedagogy) in Adliswil, but was fired in January 1993, after his above-mentioned book received publicity and therefore his ideology was unveiled.
Afterwards he worked for the Klubschule Migros in Frauenfeld until 1999 as a "pädagogischer Mitarbeiter" (pedagogic collaborator). He was sacked after a lecture in Munich that took place on 15 June 1998 (quote: "Europa ist die Heimat der weißen Rasse" – "Europe is the home of the white race")
Since then he has been a speaker at events, both domestically and internationally, in the far-right extremist scene (e.g. Germany's NPD party).
Activities.
March 1994: Foundation of the "Arbeitsgemeinschaft zur Enttabuisierung der Zeitgeschichte" (AEZ) – "Work community to free history from taboos". Later the group was renamed "Arbeitsgemeinschaft zur Erforschung der Zeitgeschichte" (work community for the exploration of history). The founders were four former teachers: Arthur Vogt, Andreas Studer, Jürgen Graf, and Schaub. The related magazine "Aurora", which ran to 13 editions between 1994 and 1997 (print runs up to 200 copies), was predominantly written by Schaub. Furthermore, the group tried to spread Holocaust-denying ideology in Switzerland. They sent out – according to their own statements – propaganda to 6000 political and university addresses ("Zurück ins Mittelalter?" – "Back to the Middle Ages?"). For the same purposes a professionally printed brochure, which denied the existence of gas chambers in Auschwitz, was also distributed ("Das Rudolf-Gutachten" – "The Rudolf Report").
Bernhard Schaub collaborated with the far-right "Partei National Orientierter Schweizer" (Party of Nationally Oriented Swiss Citizens) (PNOS), which included a violent faction among its members. He wrote the party manifesto and also contributed columns for the party’s paper "Zeitgeist". After his apparently voluntary exit from the party, he founded the "Nationale Außerparlamentarische Opposition" (National Extra-parliamentary Opposition) (NAPO) in Switzerland, which describes itself as a "Sammelbewegung für den echten nationalen Widerstand in der Schweiz" ("collective movement for genuine national resistance in Switzerland").
Schaub is president of the Verein zur Rehabilitierung der wegen Bestreitens des Holocaust Verfolgten (VRBHV – Organisation for the rehabilitation of people persecuted for denying Holocaust), which was founded by notable Holocaust deniers including Horst Mahler, Manfred Roeder and Ernst Zündel.
He participated in the Holocaust Conference in Tehran in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9625894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625894" title="Mogens Haastrup">
Mogens Haastrup

Mogens Haastrup (born 28 June 1939) is a Danish former amateur football (soccer) player, who played for Svendborg fB and B 1909 in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1963 Danish football championship. He played two games for the Denmark national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9625912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625912" title="Martinus Dom">
Martinus Dom

Martinus Dom, born Frans Daniël Dom, (24 December 1791 in Kontich – 9 December 1873 in Westmalle) was the first abbot of the Trappist Abbey of Westmalle in Belgium and founded the Trappist brewery. He was a son of Jan Frans Dom, a cattle merchant, and Elisabeth Van Berckelaer. He was baptised on Christmas day 1791, the day after his birth, in the Church of Saint Martin in Kontich.
Early life.
As a young man Frans served as a fourrier in the French army of Napoleon. After the defeat of Napoleon in 1814, he returned home to everyday life. He became a notorious partygoer and became engaged. But after some brawls at home with his father and with his life in turmoil, he decided to go on pilgrimage to the Church of "Onze-Lieve-Vrouw Van Goede Wil" in Duffel to help him decide whether he should marry or enter the Trappist convent of Westmalle. The story goes that he let fate decide by throwing his hat up in the air. If it fell with the opening up he would go to Westmalle, but if it fell with the opening down he would ask for forgiveness and marry. The hat fell with the opening up and he went to the Trappist priory of Westmalle, where at first they didn’t take him seriously. But on 11 November 1817, feast day of the patron saint Saint Martin, of Kontich and Westmalle, he entered the convent. In 1817, he took his vows and on 23 December 1820 he was ordained and given the name Martinus. He became one of the teachers of the orphan boys who were educated in the abbey. In 1826 he was elected prior of the priory (the first elected prior), which position he retained until 1836 when he was elected abbot.
Abbot of the abbey.
In 1836, the priory of Westmalle obtained the status of abbey from Pope Gregory XVI. On 14 July 1836, already prior of the convent, Martinus was chosen to be the first abbot of the abbey of Westmalle. When the priory obtained the status of an abbey, the strict rule that the monks could only drink water with their meal was relaxed. Cider or beer was then allowed to be drunk in the refectory of the abbey. Rather than buy beer from outside the abbey, Martinus decided to brew their own beer. They started brewing on 1 August 1836, and on 10 December 1836 the monks tasted their own beer for the first time. Local sales began in 1856, and sales to traders commenced in 1921.
Martinus Dom died at Westmalle on 9 December 1873, after he had been prior for 47 years and abbot for 37 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9625961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625961" title="Ariel Rotter">
Ariel Rotter

Ariel Rotter (born 1973 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a film director and screenplay writer.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
Awards.
Wins

</doc>
<doc id="9625970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625970" title="Mount Cameroon Race of Hope">
Mount Cameroon Race of Hope

The Mount Cameroon Race of Hope (in French, "La Course de l'Espoir") is an annual, televised footrace held at Mount Cameroon in the Southwest Province of Cameroon in January or February. The 2012 race is scheduled for February 18. The event begins at Molyko Sports Complex in Buea and follows a path up Mount Cameroon and back; The course runs a distance of . Participants are divided into men's and women's divisions and further subdivided into professionals, youth, and casual runners. Each winner in the men's and women's professional divisions will receive 3,000,000 francs CFA in 2011. Teams may enter the race and compete in the relay division. The first Race of Hope was in 1995. Since then, participation has steadily increased; there were 214 participants in 2005, 390 in 2006, and 643 from nine countries in 2007. As of 2010, the winners since the race's inception had all been Cameroonians. Sarah Etonge has won the women's division for four straight years.
The first race took place in 1973. For many years, the race was organised and sponsored by Guinness under the name Guinness Mount Cameroon Race. In 2005, control of the event was taken by 12 local committees in Buea and representatives of the national Cameroon Athletics Federation (CAF) and the Ministry of Sports and Physical Education. The budget in 2007 was 130 million francs CFA, the bulk of which was provided by the Ministry of Sports and Physical Education. The change to public control was controversial: In 2005, Mayor Charles Mbella Moki of the Buea Rural Council accused the organisers of mismanagement and proposed that Guinness to be given back full control. In 2006, the CAF cut the prize money to the winners by 25% without warning, reportedly to cover their membership fees in the organisation.
About 5,000 visitors come to Buea each year to view the race. Cultural and sporting events take place in Buea. These include artists, choral groups, and dancers; and basketball, handball, and volleyball tournaments. Local authorities sanction the event through the paramount chief of Buea, who climbs Mount Cameroon to petition the gods for their blessing.
The 2007 documentary film "Volcanic Sprint" is about the race. 

</doc>
<doc id="9625980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625980" title="Phoebe (Leucippides)">
Phoebe (Leucippides)

In Greek mythology, Phoebe was a daughter of Leucippus and Philodice. She and her sister Hilaeira are commonly referred to as Leucippides (that is, "daughters of Leucippus").
Phoebe and Hilaeira were priestesses of Athena and Artemis, and betrothed to Idas and Lynceus, the sons of Aphareus. Castor and Pollux were charmed by their beauty and carried them off. When Idas and Lynceus tried to rescue their brides-to-be they were both slain, but Castor himself fell. Pollux persuaded Zeus to allow him to share his immortality with his brother. 
Phoebe married Pollux and bore him a son, named either Mnesileos or Mnasinous.

</doc>
<doc id="9625982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9625982" title="Miles Okazaki">
Miles Okazaki

Miles Okazaki (born 1974) is an American guitarist and composer. He lives in Brooklyn, New York.
Early life.
Okazaki was born in Pullman, Washington in 1974. He grew up in the Pacific Northwest, in Port Townsend, Washington. From a young age he was exposed to music and art, primarily because his mother was a painter and his father was a photography professor at Washington State University.

</doc>
<doc id="9626019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626019" title="Nelly Greisen">
Nelly Greisen

Nelly (Ward) Greisen (born on December 11, 1955) was a member of the Jesus music and contemporary Christian music trio 2nd Chapter of Acts. She joined her older sister, Annie Herring, and younger brother, Matthew Ward, to form the group which began singing together in 1970 and disbanded in 1988. Greisen then turned her attention to being a full-time mother to her two sons, and to supporting her husband, Steve Greisen, in his video business.
Early years.
Nelly was born in North Dakota, the eighth of nine children born to Walter and Kathrine “Elizabeth” Ward. Because of her mother’s deteriorating health, Nelly's family moved to Rancho Cordova, near Sacramento, California, when she was 7, to be closer to relatives and to obtain better medical care for her mother. Her mother died in 1968 as the result of an operation on a benign brain tumor. Her father died in 1970 of leukemia. Nelly was then 14 years old.
When she was orphaned, Nelly and her younger brother, 12-year-old Matthew, went to live with their older sister, Annie Herring, and her new husband, disc jockey and audio engineer Buck Herring. Buck and Annie had been praying for her younger siblings for quite a while, so for the two children to come live with the couple was “a foregone conclusion." There was some conflict as the two families tried to merge.
Career years.
Soon after Nelly and Matthew came to live with the Herrings, the three siblings began singing together. Annie usually sang lead, Matthew harmonized, and Nelly's rich alto voice found the missing notes between the two. Although she rarely sang lead, Greisen's harmonies tended to be more complicated than her brother’s. From time to time, Nelly would also add to the lyrics of the songs that Annie wrote. The three continued in these roles throughout their career as a music group, although they each also took a turn at singing lead during concerts. Some of the group’s best loved songs, including"Something Tells Me", “Mountain Tops”, "Which Way The Wind Blows", “Make My Life a Prayer to You”, "Sing Over Me", "Takin The Easy Way", "My Jesus I Love Thee" were performed with Greisen singing lead. Nelly was also featured as a background singer on dozens of recordings during the '70,'80 and '90's.
One of Greisen's special roles in the group was to speak out during a concert when she sensed that the Lord was healing a certain type of illness, or that He was touching people in a certain way. Sometimes people would approach her after a concert and tell her that the Lord had healed them. Sometimes no one would testify to the fact that they had been healed, although they might tell her about it years after their healing.
Personal life.
In 1975, she met Steve Greisen, a young singer whose band had been touring Europe for a number of years. They started dating and later Steve's band along with 2nd Chapter of Acts joined the Jesus Music musical "If My People" that toured the country in 1976. They were married in 1978. Later, two sons, Andrew and Jesse, were born to the Greisens. They moved from California to Texas in 1981, and later to Monument, Colorado in 1983.
Nelly has never embarked on a solo musical career. Instead, she supports her husband's film production (reelproductions.net) and film distribution business Exploration Films (explorationfilms.com). They currently live in the mountains of Colorado. Nelly remains active on boards of non-profit organizations, volunteering, pursuing her new love of oil painting, loves scuba diving and fitness and of course connecting with her adult sons who live nearby and occasionally singing locally.

</doc>
<doc id="9626033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626033" title="Jørgen Ravn">
Jørgen Ravn

Jørgen Ravn, alternatively spelled Jørn Ravn, (born 3 June 1940) is a Danish former football (soccer) player. He played as an amateur for Kjøbenhavns Boldklub in Denmark, and got nine caps and scored five goals for the Denmark national under-21 football team. He moved abroad to play professionally for Aberdeen FC in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="9626057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626057" title="Maggie O'Farrell">
Maggie O'Farrell

Maggie O'Farrell (born 1972, Coleraine Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish author of contemporary fiction, who features in Waterstones' "25 Authors for the Future" It is possible to identify several common themes in her novels – the relationship between sisters is one, another is loss and the psychological impact of those losses on the lives of her characters. O'Farrell won the 2010 Costa novel award on 4 January 2010 for her novel, "The Hand That First Held Mine".
Biography.
Maggie was born in Northern Ireland and grew up in Wales and Scotland. At the age of eight she missed a year of school due to a viral infection, an event that is echoed in "The Distance Between Us". Maggie worked as a journalist, both in Hong Kong and as the Deputy Literary Editor of "The Independent on Sunday". She has also taught creative writing.
She is married to the novelist William Sutcliffe, whom she met at Cambridge. They live in Hampstead Heath, London, with their two children. She has described Sutcliffe as 'a huge influence', saying, 'Will's always been my first reader, even before we were a couple, so he's a huge influence. He's brutal but you need that'.

</doc>
<doc id="9626068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626068" title="George O. Garnsey">
George O. Garnsey

George O. Garnsey (1840–1923) was an American architect from the city of Chicago. He was born in Rock Island, Illinois and was educated at a private school in New York; in 1852 his parents brought him to Chicago. Garnsey was known for his large picturesque Queen Anne style homes.
Career.
After coming to Chicago, he went to work with J.C. Rankin as a draftsman; only 16 at the time, Garnsey stayed with Rankin until 1861. He worked briefly in partnerships and for other architectural firms before going into business as a sole proprietor in 1868. That same year Garnsey published his "American Glossary of Architectural Terms". In 1869 Garnsey helped design the current Illinois State Capitol building in Springfield. 
After the Great Chicago Fire in 1871 Garnsey helped to redesign many of the buildings in the city and established a national reputation for theater and opera house design. From 1885 until 1893 he edited "National Builder", a journal where he published many of the designs for the buildings he worked on. In 1923 he was commissioned by the National Bonding and .Developing Company to build a new city on the site of an old US military installation on the Santa Fe Railroad in New Mexico.
One of Garnsey's opera houses is currently being preserved in Menominee, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="9626069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626069" title="Alfredo Angulo">
Alfredo Angulo

Alfredo Angulo López (born August 11, 1982 in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and the former interim WBO Light Middleweight Champion. Angulo also participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for Mexico. Alfredo is signed to Oscar de la Hoya's Golden Boy Promotions.
Amateur career.
He qualified for the Olympic Games by ending up in second place at the 1st AIBA American 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Tijuana, Mexico.
At the Olympics Angulo lost to Andy Lee, by a score of 38:23. Angulo also has an amateur win over former WBO Light Welterweight champion Timothy Bradley.
Sparring partners.
He has sparred with some of the best fighters in the world, which include Contender Jesus Soto Karass, Quadruple World Champion Roy Jones Jr., three-time Welterweight champion Antonio Margarito, and two-time Light Middleweight champion Fernando Vargas.
Professional career.
Alfredo Angulo is an all-action fighter, who turned professional in Arizona. The Mexican was considered by many boxing analysts to be the next Light Middleweight World Champion.
He suffered his first professional loss to Puerto Rican fighter Kermit Cintron in early May 30. On November 11, 2011, he suffered a bruising 6th round knockout to James Kirkland in a candidate for fight of the year, where both fighters were down and hurt in the first round.
Interim WBO Light Middleweight title.
In November 2009 Angulo defeated an undefeated Harry Joe Yorgey to claim the interim WBO light middleweight title.
Although Angulo finished off Yorgey in the third round, he scored a knockdown in the second round while landing 58 of 108 punches (according to CompuBox). A huge right hand did the initial damage as he hurt Yorgey against the ropes. But Angulo did not let him off the hook and continued to pound away for the knockout win.
First Title Defense.
Angulo knocked out Joel Julio in the 11th round of their bout on April 24, 2010.
Angulo stopped Joel Julio with a right cross midway through the 11th round to retain the WBO interim 154-pound title. Angulo earned his third straight KO victory after his only defeat against Kermit Cintron last May. Angulo was slightly more aggressive than the counterpunching Julio, consistently attacking and peppering the Colombian with combinations, including a nasty series of blows in the eighth round.
Angulo vs. Alcine.
According to Fight News, the WBO has ordered a title bout between then unbeaten current WBO light middleweight champion Sergiy Dzinziruk (37-1, 23 KO's) and Angulo. The promoters for both Angulo and Dzinziruk have two weeks come up with an agreement for the fight. If not, then the fight will be brought up for a purse bid. On July 17, 2010, Angulo scored a first round stoppage over former WBA Super Welterweight Champion Joachim "Ti-Joa" Alcine (32-1, 19 KOs) of Montreal. Angulo won the vacant WBC Continental Americas Light Middleweight Title.
Return.
On August 20, 2011 Angulo made quick work of Joseph Gomez for his first fight in 13 months. He stopped the New Mexico-based journeyman in the first round with a straight right-left hook to the midsection followed by a cuffing right cross to the back of the head. Angulo's visa problems, prevented him from fighting in the U.S., made the beef with Shaw a moot point.
Immigration issues and return.
Angulo's was living in the U.S with an expired work visa. He turned himself in to the immigration detention center in El Centro, California to resolve his issue. He was detained there for over 7 months and released on August 14, 2012 and allowed to work and practice boxing.
External links.
!colspan="3" style="background:#C1D8FF;"| Regional championships

</doc>
<doc id="9626096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626096" title="Abner Mares">
Abner Mares

Abner Mares Martínez (born November 28, 1985 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer. Mares has won world titles in three weight divisions. Mares has held the IBF Bantamweight, WBC Super bantamweight and WBC Featherweight championships. Abner medaled repeatedly in international amateur tournaments for Mexico. Mares grew up in the city of Hawaiian Gardens, California.
Early life.
Mares was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico and at age seven his family moved to the city of Hawaiian Gardens, California. At age fifteen he was sent back to Mexico by his father.
Amateur career.
As an amateur, Mares compiled a record of 112-8 with 84 KOs. Mares won the U17 World Championships and the bantamweight gold medal at the Central American games 2002 beating Juan Manuel López and the silver medal in the same division in 2003 at the Pan American Games in Santo Domingo.
At the Junior World Championships 2004, he finished second losing to Aibek Abdimomunov.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native country. There he was beaten in the first round of the Bantamweight (54 kg) division by Hungary's Zsolt Bedák in a highly controversial decision.
Professional career.
In January 2005, Mares won his professional debut against Puerto Rican Luis Malave.
Bantamweight.
On September 7, 2007, he won the WBO NABA Bantamweight Championship by defeating former WBO Champion Isidro García. Mares won his next three bouts before suffering an eye injury which required him to undergo surgery. He returned to the ring 10 months later by stopping Jonathan Perez. He had been trained as a professional by Hall of Famer Ignacio Beristain, however, the two split after Mares changed promotional companies.
Mares vs. Perez.
On May 22, 2010, Mares challenged undefeated IBF Bantamweight Champion and the No. 4 ranked Bantamweight Yonnhy Perez (20-0) for his title. The bout ended in a 12 round majority draw with one judge scoring it 115-113 in favor of Mares while the other two scored it 114-114 even. The majority of the press at ringside scored the bout in favor of Mares.
Bantamweight Tournament.
Mares vs. Darchinyan.
Golden Boy Promotions announced that Mares would be taking part in Showtime's four-man single elimination bantamweight tournament, which would also include Vic Darchinyan, Joseph Agbeko and Yonnhy Perez.
In the first round of the tournament, Mares faced IBO Bantamweight Champion Vic Darchinyan and defeated him by a highly controversial 12 round split decision to claim the IBO Championship title and WBC Silver title.
Mares vs. Agbeko I.
Mares was scheduled to face IBF Champion and No. 3 ranked Joseph Agbeko in the final round of the tournament on April 23, 2011. However, Agbeko pulled out of the fight just days prior citing an injury. The match was rescheduled for August 13, 2011. Mares fought Agbeko on August 13 on Showtime and won the title and the tournament by majority decision. However, the match was not without controversy, as Mares delivered numerous low blows during the match, with referee Russell Mora not penalizing him with point deductions for any of the blows throughout the match. The most infamous of these blows came during the 11th round of the fight, in which a low blow from Mares landed on Agbeko's cup, causing Agbeko to drop. While the low blow was clearly visible to everyone, referee Mora ruled it as a knockdown.
Mares vs. Agbeko II.
On December 3, 2011, Mares and Agbeko fought a rematch due to their controversial first fight. While the second fight proved to be much less controversial, there were still several low blow warnings from the referee to Mares. Though Agbeko had moments in the fight where he out boxed Mares from the outside, Mares closed the distance and out worked Agbeko throughout the fight, and landed the more significant punches. Mares was awarded a unanimous decision win, by the scores of 118-110 from all three judges.
Super Bantamweight.
Super Bantamweight title.
In Mares' next fight, he moved up to the super bantamweight division, fighting former world champion Eric Morel for the vacant WBC Super Bantamweight title. The fight took place on April 21, 2012, at a catchweight of 120 lbs. Mares effectively out worked, landed more, and landed the harder punches throughout the fight, with Morel showing significant signs of his age. Mares won a unanimous decision by the scores of 120-107, 119-109, and 119-109 to claim his first Super Bantamweight title.
Mares vs. Moreno.
Mares' next fight took place on November 10, 2012, against the world No. 1 ranked bantamweight and then No.10 pound-for-pound Anselmo Moreno. Mares started the fight off fast, applying relentless pressure on Moreno, forcing Moreno to the ropes for the majority of the early rounds. Moreno still had his moments while the two were in the middle of the ring, landing clean shots, while Mares attempted to out work Moreno and attack his body while on the ropes. In the 5th round, Moreno was having success staying off the ropes when he could, and out boxing Mares in the center of the ring. Near the end of the round, Mares trapped Moreno on the ropes and landed a hard straight right hand, which ultimately sent Moreno to the canvas for the first time in his career. The following middle rounds of the fight, Mares seemed in control working the body and landing his hard overhand right, relentless pressuring Moreno for the majority of the rounds. In the 11th round, Moreno was deducted a point for pushing Mares' head down while Mares rushed him on the ropes. This was seen as very controversial, given that Mares and Moreno both had been warned several times throughout the fight and only Moreno was deducted a point. After the point deduction, Moreno effectively out pointed Mares in the middle of the ring during the final rounds and even successfully traded with Mares against the ropes, while Mares seemed to tire the final couple rounds.
Mares was awarded the Unanimous decision by the scores of 116-110, 116-110, and 120-106. The fight was generally seen as much closer than the scorecards would indicate, with some actually believing that Moreno should have been declared the winner.
Featherweight.
Mares vs. De Leon.
Mares moved up to 126 lbs to fight WBC Featherweight champion and "Ring" No. 2 ranked Featherweight, Daniel Ponce de León in the Mayweather-Guerrero undercard on May 4, 2013 and knocked down de León in the second and ninth rounds en route to handing him a TKO loss at 2:20 of the ninth round, winning the WBC featherweight title in the process.
Mares vs. Gonzalez I.
Mares defended his WBC Featherweight title against Jhonny Gonzalez on August 24, 2013 at the StubHub Center in Carson, California. Mares lost the fight in a first round TKO to the underdog former champion Jhonny González. The referee stopped the fight after Mares was knocked down for the second time in the first round.
External links.
<br>Vacated

</doc>
<doc id="9626097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626097" title="Ulrich Rück">
Ulrich Rück

Ulrich Rück (October 18, 1882 in Nuremberg – November 6, 1962 in Nuremberg) was a German collector of musical instruments, chemist and dealer in pianofortes.
Biography.
Ulrich Rück, together with his brother Hans, continued the work of his father Wilhelm Rück, who had founded a collection of historical musical instruments in Nuremberg around 1880. Particularly in the 1930s Ulrich Rück succeeded in expanding the collection considerably. Shortly before his death he bequeathed the collection containing approximately 1500 items to the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg.
After World War II this was undoubtedly the largest and most important private collection of historical musical instruments in Europe and Rück saw himself as patron of a new area of performance using examples of such historical instruments. He cooperated with music scholars from all corners of Europe and maintained contacts with restorers, most notably Otto Marx of the Heyer collection in Cologne and Leipzig.
Amongst Rück's most important projects was the work to restore to playability Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's fortepiano in the possession of the Internationale Stiftung Mozarteum in Salzburg in 1937. Extensive notes, photographs and a wealth of correspondence belonging to Rück's estate, currently being added to the archives department of the Germanisches Nationalmuseum, provide detailed information about the collection history and the work involved in it.
Works.
• Mozarts Hammerflügel erbaute Anton Walter, Wien. Technische Studien, Vergleiche und Beweise. In: Mozart-Jahrbuch 1955 (1956), p. 246-286
Literature.
• John Henry van der Meer: In memoriam Dr. Dr. h.c. Ulrich Rück, in: Monatsanzeiger des Germanischen Nationalmuseums, No. 80, 1987, p. 638ff
External links.
• [http://forschung.gnm.de/htm/htm2/p012.html] Rück's estate at the Germanisches Nationalmuseum, Nuremberg

</doc>
<doc id="9626104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626104" title="Henry le Chen">
Henry le Chen

Henry le Chen [le Cheyn, le Chein, Cheyne, de Chene] was a late 13th-century and early 14th-century Scoto-Norman bishop. Hector Boece claims that he was the nephew of John III Comyn, Lord of Badenoch, but no contemporary evidence supports this. Cheyne belonged to a family with Norman roots which was well established in the northeast of Scotland, holding significant amounts of territory on the boundaries of the Earldom of Buchan.
Life.
Henry emerges for the first time - as Precentor of Aberdeen Cathedral - when his name occurs in a document dated to 22 January 1277. Despite the fact he was only a deacon, after the death of the former bishop, Hugh de Benin, the chapter unanimously elected le Chen to be the new Bishop of Aberdeen. Pope Martin IV originally cancelled the election because le Chen had not been yet ordained a priest, but reversed his decision and commissioned Robert Wishart, Alan de St Edmund and William, the bishops of Glasgow, Caithness and Dunblane respectively, to consecrate le Chen after one of them had ordained him a priest.
Le Chen's strong Comyn connections meant that, in the succession dispute which followed the deaths of Alexander III of Scotland and Margaret, Maid of Norway, he firmly supported the Comyn-backed claims of John Balliol; he was one of the auditors employed by Balliol during the Great Cause. Although one of the senior royal councillors during the reign of King John Balliol, when King Edward I of England invaded and deposed King John, le Chen quickly swore an oath of fealty to Edward, and was so well trusted by the King that the latter put him in charge of the sheriffdom of Aberdeen. In the period immediately following the rebellion and usurpation of the throne by Robert de Brus the Bruce, Earl of Carrick, in 1306, le Chen was noticeably lukewarm to the new king (now Robert I of Scotland), and at some point was temporarily deprived of the temporalities of his see, though there is no direct evidence that he suffered exile. 
In 1309 he attended Robert's first parliament and was part of the renewal of the Treaty of Perth in 1312, but Bishop Henry nevertheless held a low profile for the remainder of the decade. However, despite the complete success of the Bruce cause, no other bishop is found to be promoted, and le Chen was a loyal subject of the king by the end of the decade when he was summoned to the papal curia (16 August 1320) to account for the behaviour of his king. On 16 June 1321, Pope John XXII excommunicated Bishop Henry, and on 23 May 1322, commanded the bishops of Winchester and Dunblane to promulgate the sentence.
John died at an unknown date in 1329, the same year as King Robert. Pope John XXII referred to le Chen as "of good memory", meaning that Henry had been absolved of his sentence before his death. He was credited with constructing a bridge over the river Don.

</doc>
<doc id="9626124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626124" title="Henry Cheyne">
Henry Cheyne

Henry Cheyne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9626130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626130" title="Andrzej Liczik">
Andrzej Liczik

Andrzej Liczik (born 4 March 1977 in Feodosiya, Krym, Ukraine) is a boxer from Poland.
He participated at the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native country. There he was stopped in the second round of the Bantamweight (54 kg) division by Uzbekistan's eventual bronze medalist Bahodirjon Sooltonov.
Liczik won the bronze medal in the same division six months earlier, at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.

</doc>
