<doc id="9647247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647247" title="UPC Ireland">
UPC Ireland

UPC Ireland is Liberty Global Europe's telecommunications operation in Ireland. UPC Ireland is the largest digital cable television provider within Ireland. As of May 2012, the company offers broadband internet, digital television and digital (VoIP) telephony to over 922,600 customers. UPC Ireland previously traded under the branding Chorus NTL until 4 May 2010. It is primarily in competition with Sky Ireland and Magnet Networks in the Irish pay TV market
UPC Ireland is owned by Liberty Global Europe and operated through its subsidiary UPC Broadband. UPC Broadband operates in nine other European countries including Belgium, Germany, Hungary, Poland and the Netherlands.
UPC Ireland Products.
UPC Ireland focuses on three key areas; cable television, broadband and telephone. The company offers broadband internet services using the EuroDOCSIS 3.0 standard as well as a VoIP-based telephone service using PacketCable. In addition, UPC Ireland offers to business customers a complete range of telecommunications solutions from standard voice and internet services to more advanced services such as Ethernet LAN extensions, corporate voice services, and high-speed internet. These services are offered to large corporations, public organisations, and small to medium size businesses in Ireland, primarily in Cork, Dublin, Galway, Limerick, and Waterford.
Broadband.
In May 2010, UPC Ireland announced plans for a 100Mbit/s broadband service which would be offered to home users across its broadband-capable network in the coming months. In December 2010 UPC launched its 100Mb Fibre Power Broadband package, making it the fastest ISP for residential customers in Ireland at the time. In September 2012, UPC increased the maximum speed available to residential customers to 150Mb, while increasing their entry-level speed to 50Mb. UPC now offer a 200Mbit/s speed
Television.
The main product offered by UPC's is cable and MMDS ("wireless cable") television services, in analogue, and SD and HD digital formats, using DVB-C encrypted using Nagravision. While regions formerly part of NTL has switched off its analogue MMDS, some ex-Chorus MMDS areas have yet to do so. Digital is now available in the vast majority of areas, with the Cork cable network becoming the first in Ireland to become digital-only.
On 14 August 2007, UPC launched a Personal Video Recorder, the UPC Mediabox, marketed as the Digital+ or Digital+HD Box in ex-NTL areas, subsequently rolled out to other areas.
On 5 August 2009 UPC launched its HDTV service in Ireland, which includes many international and regional television broadcasters.
In April 2013, UPC launched their Horizon TV service, which allows UPC customers to watch a selection of television channels from various internet enabled devices using their UPC broadband connection.
On August 12, 2013, UPC launched their Horizon HD+ set-top box. This box offers HD as standard and consolidates all services (TV, broadband and home phone) into one device. It also allows customers to record 4 television programmes while watching a 5th.
UPC On-Demand TV.
On 25 May 2012 UPC Ireland launched its UPC On-Demand TV service in Ireland, with a full roll-out expected to be complete by September. A similar service had already been rolled out to UPC customers in the Netherlands, Hungary, Switzerland, Poland and Austria.
The service provides all customers with unlimited access to RTÉ player and 3Player, with TG4 Player set to follow suit. Max and Select Extra package customers are also able to watch BBC, ITV and US box sets and additional content from the likes of Discovery Channel, Food Network, FX, History, MGM and True Movies. The video on demand service also allows customers in Ireland to watch classic movies and the latest cinematic releases.
History.
Liberty Global and its predecessors UGC Europe and Tele-Communications Inc. have had shareholdings in Chorus Communications and its predecessor, Princes Holdings (Irish Multichannel), since the company's formation in the early 1990s. Originally a joint venture with Independent News and Media, IN&M sold its shares to Liberty in 2004.
In May 2005, NTL agreed to sell its Irish operations NTL Ireland (previously Cablelink) to Liberty Global. Morgan Stanley held the shareholding until Competition Authority approval was obtained. This occurred in December 2005 and UPC Ireland came into being on 12 December 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9647278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647278" title="Gao Lin">
Gao Lin

Gao Lin (; born 14 February 1986 in Zhengzhou) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League. He is considered one of China's most technical strikers and is known by the nickname Gaolinsmann ().
Club career.
Shanghai Shenhua.
Gao Lin started his professional football career with Shanghai Shenhua in 2005 where he made his league debut on 21 August 2005 in a 1-0 victory against Liaoning Zhongyu, coming on as a substitute for Xie Hui. While his height and heading ability were quickly utilized, Gao was unable to establish himself as an immediate first team regular within the team throughout the subsequent seasons and often found himself playing on the flanks. It was only once Xie left Shanghai Shenhua at the end of the 2007 league season before Gao started to really establish himself as a regular first team member, playing as striker once more. In the 2008 season, he would score eight goals in twenty one league appearances to help guide Shanghai to a runners-up position at the end of the season.
Despite having his most productive season with Shanghai and establishing himself within the Chinese national team. Gao's contract was up for renewal and his club would transfer list him in early 2009. This saw him linked with his hometown club of Henan Construction as well as K-League club Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, however nothing materialized from these rumours after Gao decided to eventually stay in Shanghai where on 21 February 2009, it was announced that Shanghai and Gao had come to terms about a contract renewal which would expire in 2012.
Guangzhou Evergrande.
On 10 March 2010, Gao moved to Guangzhou Evergrande, who were newly relegated to China League One in the fallout of a match-fixing scandal. However, the club's new owners, Evergrande Real Estate Group, were able to tempt Gao with a lucrative 3,000,000 yuan a year deal to play within the second tier. Gao made his China League One debut for Guangzhou against Beijing BIT on 3 April and scored two goals in this match. On 30 October 2010, Guangzhou successfully achieved League One champions for the second time with a 3–1 victory at home to Hunan Billows. Gao Lin's first half hat-trick in this match ensured he finish the season with the League One top scorer, having scored 20 goals, six more than the 14 scored by second-placed Ye Weichao.
Although Guangzhou signed a few strong players to strengthened the team's attacking power including Argentinian Darío Conca and Brazilian Cléo in the 2011 season, Gao was still a regular starting role on the team. He played mostly as the left winger on the field and scored 11 goals in 29 appearances, which was his career high in the first tier league. In this season, Guangzhou successfully achieved Super League champion for the first time in the club's history as Gao won his first first tier league title with the club.
On 15 May 2012, Gao scored his first goal of the season for Guangzhou in a 2–1 away victory against Buriram United in the AFC Champions League, ending a goal drought that stretched 1403 minutes. On 20 May 2012, he scored his first league goal of the season against Qingdao Jonoon in a 1–0 victory, which ended a run of 936 minutes without a goal in the domestic league. On 27 October 2012, Gao scored the decisive goal, assisted by Conca, in the injury time against Liaoning Whowin to give Guangzhou Evergrande their second Super League title and became the first team ever to defend the CSL title.
During the 2012 Chinese FA Cup, Gao received two yellow cards in less than three minutes at the start of the 80th minute. The first yellow card was for dissent on a questionable tackle against a Guizhou Renhe player. The second one came after protesting and dissent which earned him a red card and expelled from playing in the 2nd leg. Later on 12 November 2012, Gao was fined by the CFA for $200,000 USD for his actions in the 1st leg of the final. Later, Gao took to Weibo to publically apologize to his millions of followers and said he "deserved to be punished" because it will help him "to not do it again in the future". Later in November 2012, he was selected as one of the two forwards in the 2012 Chinese Super League Team of the Year. He was the only Chinese forward alongside Romania's Cristian Dănălache of Jiangsu Sainty.
In 2013, his role shifted from an attacking role to an assister in which he provided many assists to the foreign contingent of Elkeson, Dario Conca and Muriqui. Through both the 2013 season and 2013 AFC Champions League, his style of play included more flair as he attempted bicycle kicks and back-heel passes which many lauded. Gao was a cog in the engine of Guangzhou in which he helped it through its golden year to its third success league title. In the league-winning game, he helped the scoring by scoring the third goal for Guangzhou against Shandong Luneng at the away game. This was the second time which Gao has scored in a league-winning game.
International career.
Gao was part of the squad in the 2008 Summer Olympics where he played in all three group games and started in the first two games as China were knocked out within the group stages.
Gao made his senior international debut against South Korea on 31 July 2005 in the 2005 East Asian Football Championship where he was sent off mistakenly in the 5th minute by Japanese referee Yuichi Nishimura, however the East Asian Football Federation cancelled Gao's red card and apologized to him the next day. After that inauspicious start to his international career, Gao would gradually start to impose himself within the team and despite making his debut in 2005 for the senior national team, Gao would have to wait to score his first goal for China on 21 January 2009 against Vietnam in a 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification game where he scored a hat-trick.
Gao scored a goal against South Korea in 2010 East Asian Football Championship and helped the Chinese national team beat South Korea for the first time ever, ending the team's Koreaphobia. Gao made his debut as a captain for the Chinese national football team on 22 February 2012 and scored in a 2-0 friendly home victory against Kuwait.
Career statistics.
Club statistics.
1Other tournaments include A3 Champions Cup, Chinese FA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup.
Personal life.
Gao married Wang Chen, who is a Shenzhen Media Group reporter and host, on 3 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9647290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647290" title="Zhu Ting">
Zhu Ting

Zhu Ting (; born 15 July 1985 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Wuhan Zall in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Originally starting his career with Dalian Shide in the 2002 league season, he was unable to play in any league games and he was given the chance to start his professional career with second tier side Dalian Changbo on a loan move in 2004 where in his first season he played seventeen games and scored one goal. Moving back to Dalian Shide the following season, he was given the chance to prove himself by the Dalian manager Vladimir Petrović and despite only playing in a handful of games he would still be part of the squad that won the league and cup double at the end of the season. The next season saw him go on to establish himself as the teams regular striker, however despite not being a prolific scorer, Zhu won praise for his speed, determination and high work rate until the end of the 2008 league season when Dalian struggled within the league and there were question marks with his future even in July 2009, Dalian was rumoured to have accepted a deal from Croatian club Hadjuk Split to loan Zhu for a rumoured fee of €120,000 with a view for a permanent deal in the future. The deal never materialized and Zhu had to fight for his place within Dalian the team once again.
After failing to establish himself as a striker in the club, Zhu made a position transition to right midfielder and later to right back by Portuguese manager Nelo Vingada during the 2011 league season. Zhu had outstanding performances in the new position and eventually returned to the Chinese national team as defender in August 2012. Zhu transferred to Wuhan Zall after Dalian Shide dissolved at the end of the 2012 season.
International career.
After a good goalscoring season with Dalian Shide, Zhu Ting made would make his senior international debut on 11 October 2006 in a 2007 AFC Asian Cup qualification game against Palestine in a 2-0 victory and would soon be included into the Chinese squad for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. Zhu Ting was eligible to play for the 2008 Summer Olympics squad where he started the final group game of the tournament. He returned to the senior national team in 2008 where he participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification. In August 2012, Zhu received his call up as a right back for China for the international friendly against Ghana. However, he didn't appear in this match.
Honours.
Club.
Dalian Shide

</doc>
<doc id="9647296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647296" title="Zou Jie">
Zou Jie

Zou Jie (Chinese:邹捷) (born January 17, 1981 in Dalian) is a former Chinese international football player.
Club career.
Zou Jie began his professional football career for Dalian Shide in the 2000 league season making two appearances. He rose to prominence in the 2001 Chinese season when he played in 20 games scoring 8 goals, playing a vital part in the title winning team and would personally win the Young player of the year award. Establishing himself as a first choice regular within the team he would win several more league titles and Chinese FA Cup with Dalian, with the 2005 season being his most prolific when he scored 15 goals in 23 appearances. In the 2008 league season Dalian Shide would have an extremely unproductive season, which saw them flirt with relegation and this saw Xu Hong to come in as Head coach where he viewed Zou Jie as surplus to requirements eventually leading to a loan deal to second tier club Shenyang Dongjin during the 2009 league season.
International career.
After an extremely successful start to the 2005 league season with Dalian, Zou Jie was called up to the senior national team on June 19, 2005 in a friendly against Costa Rica in a 2-2 draw. After several further friendlies Zou Jie would play his first competitive game against Palestine in an Asian Cup qualifier on February 22, 2006 that China won 2-0. This was then followed by another Asian Cup qualifier game against Iraq where China lost 2-1 on March 1, 2006. The Chinese Head coach Zhu Guanghu would deem Zou Jie's performances as unsatisfactorily and did not recall him in any further squads.
Honours.
Club.
Dalian Shide

</doc>
<doc id="9647297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647297" title="Science and technology in South Africa">
Science and technology in South Africa

Astronomy.
The first significant work in astronomy in South Africa was performed by Nicolas Louis de Lacaille between 1751 and 1753, culminating in the measurement of the arc of the southern meridian and a catalog of almost 10 000 southern stars, later published as "Coelum Australe Stelliferum".
The Royal Observatory was established at the Cape of Good Hope in 1820 and opened in 1829. Today, with the main observing site having moved from the Cape of Good Hope to a higher site near Sutherland, it is host to the Southern African Large Telescope as well as numerous other South African and international telescopes.
Notable astronomers who have worked in the country include John Herschel who published "Results of astronomical observations made during the years 1834, 5, 6, 7, 8, at the Cape of Good Hope" in 1847 and David Gill whose work include the "Cape Photographic Durchmusterung".
The Karoo Array Telescope (or MeerKAT) is under construction as a pathfinder for the $2 billion Square Kilometer Array (SKA) project, which will be split between sites in South Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
Energy.
Being rich in coal, South Africa has some of the largest coal-fired power stations in the world.
In 1955 Sasol opened the first commercial Coal liquefaction plant.
Commercialization of copper indium gallium sulphur selenide (CIGSSE) thin film solar cell technology was pioneered by Professor Vivian Alberts at the University of Johannesburg.
The South African Solar Challenge is held bi-annually over a distance of .
Kimberley, was the first city in the Southern Hemisphere and in Africa to have electric street lights - first lit on 1 September 1882 .
Mining.
South African companies hold a considerable number of high value patents related to mining.
Nuclear weapons programme.
During the 1960s and 1980s South Africa had been pursuing research into the development of nuclear weapons as well as biological and chemical weapons. South Africa was able to acquire Uranium from native ore deposits, and used aerodynamic nozzle enrichment techniques to produce weapons-grade Uranium. Six bombs were constructed, with one still under construction before the termination of its nuclear weapons programme. It is alleged that South Africa had been collaborating with Israel to develop nuclear weapons and that it possibly detonated one of its weapons over the Indian Ocean in a nuclear weapons test. South Africa dismantled its nuclear weapons programme in 1989, the first nation in the world to do so, and became a signatory of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.
South Africa continues to use its surplus of Uranium as part of its nuclear energy programme, supplying the Koeberg Nuclear Power Station and SAFARI-1 research reactors.
Government policy.
Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, information technology and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.

</doc>
<doc id="9647304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647304" title="Chambeshi Monument">
Chambeshi Monument

The Chambeshi Monument, in the Northern Province of Zambia, also called the Chambeshi Memorial and the Lettow-Vorbeck Memorial, commemorates the final cessation of hostilities of the First World War, three days after the Armistice in Europe.
The reasons for the monument.
The monument bears a plaque which reads:
"On this spot at 7.30 am on Thursday 14th November 1918, General von Lettow-Vorbeck, commanding the German forces in East Africa, heard from Mr Hector Croad, then District Commissioner Kasama, of the signing of the Armistice by the German government, which provided for the unconditional evacuation of all German forces from East Africa".
A second plaque in the Bemba language ends with the words 
"Twapela umuchinshi kuli bonse abashipa abalwile mu nkondo iyi"
which means "we honour all brave soldiers in this war". (More Africans than Europeans fought and died on both sides in the East African campaign, thousands more Africans who served as porters (sometimes under force) also died, and the civilian population suffered tremendously).
The message given to General von Lettow-Vorbeck was a telegram sent to Croad which read: 
"Please send the following to General von Lettow-Vorbeck under a white flag - The English Prime Minister sent notice that on 11th November an Armistice was signed and that the fighting on all fronts should cease on 11th November at 11 o'clock. I order my troops to end hostilities as from now and I expect you to do the same. General van Deventer".
Location.
The location of the Monument is near the north end of the Chambeshi Bridge (which was built later) on the Mpika-Kasama road. Most accounts of the war say that Lettow-Vorbeck surrendered at Abercorn (now Mbala), 250 km to the north, giving the impression that he penetrated just the few kilometres to Abercorn from German East Africa, but that is only because he was instructed by the British imperial commanders in Northern Rhodesia to march his undefeated troops there for the official surrender on 23 November 1918.
Historical background.
The British force had been waiting in the Abercorn area to attack the German forces coming from northern Mozambique, thinking they would make for Lake Tanganyika, but General von Lettow-Vorbeck had evaded them by turning south-west towards Kasama. Its tiny British population evacuated to Mpika, except for nine who set up two Maxim guns at the Chambeshi, but they did not know how to work them. One, Charlie Simpson, had with him about £10,000 which was all the cash from the government offices and businesses in Kasama, which he buried in a goat pen near the rubber factory he ran, thinking that the goats' hoofprints would hide evidence of digging, and that the Germans would probably be more interested in the goats than looking for the money. On arrival at the Chambeshi the Germans machine-gunned the rubber factory before Croad arrived with the telegram.
Setting up the monument.
The Monument was unveiled on 14 November 1953 as a National Monument of Northern Rhodesia (as the country was then) and consists of a large stone platform with the plaques set into a stone pillar, next to a cannon of the era (but not one used by the Germans).

</doc>
<doc id="9647312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647312" title="Paul Nicholson (businessman)">
Paul Nicholson (businessman)

Sir Paul Douglas Nicholson, KCVO (born 7 March 1938) is an English industrialist and was Lord Lieutenant of County Durham from 1997 to 2013.
Nicholson was born in Co. Durham and educated at Harrow School and Clare College, Cambridge. Between Harrow and Cambridge, he was commissioned during National Service in The Coldstream Guards. After qualifying as a Chartered Accountant, he joined Vaux Breweries in 1965 and, from 1976 until 1999, he was Chairman of the Vaux Group, one of the most successful companies in the North East of England. 
He was Chairman of the Tyne and Wear Development Corporation throughout its existence (1987-1998) and also served as Chairman of the Northern Region of CBI (1977–1979), Chairman of the Brewers and Licenced Retailers Association, formerly the Brewers Society (1994–1996), and in 1995 he became the inaugural President of the Northeast Chamber of Commerce. He was Knighted in 1993 for 'Services to Industry and the Public in Northeast England'. 
In his youth he was a prominent amateur rider twice winning the Liverpool Foxhunters steeplechase in 1963 and 1965. Later he was President of the Coaching Club (1990–1997). 
In 1980 he was appointed High Sheriff of Durham and Lord Lieutenant in 1997. He has published an autobiography entitled "Brewer at Bay".
Nicholson is married to Sarah Bacon, daughter of Sir Edmund Bacon, 13th and 14th Baronet, the premier baronet in the United Kingdom. They have one daughter, Lucy (b. 1972).
Already a Knight Bachelor, Nicholson was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in the 2011 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="9647313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647313" title="David Hartley (musician)">
David Hartley (musician)

David Hartley or Dave Hartley is a musician especially notable for several collaborations with Sting. Their cooperations include writing songs for the Walt Disney Feature Animation The Emperor's New Groove, arranging for the song You Will Be My Ain True Love from Cold Mountain (soundtrack), Hartley performed on the Sting albums Brand New Day and Sacred Love as a string arranger and conductor as well as playing piano and Hammond organ.
Together with Sting he has received an Annie Award and a BFCA Award for songs of the Emperor's New Groove, as well as nominations for an Oscar, Golden Globe, Grammy, BATFA TV and Golden Satellite Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9647314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647314" title="Peter Gill (playwright)">
Peter Gill (playwright)

Peter Gill, theatre director, playwright and former actor, was born in Cardiff, Wales, on 7 September 1939, son of George John Gill and his wife Margaret Mary (Browne).
He was educated at St Illtyd's College, Cardiff.
Career.
An actor from 1957–1965, he directed his first production without décor, at the Royal Court Theatre in August 1965, "A Collier's Friday Night" by D. H. Lawrence. Having begun his career as an actor, he is now best known for his work as a director and playwright.
Royal Court.
In 1964 he became Assistant Director at the Royal Court and Associate Director in 1970, best known there as the director of three hitherto underrated plays by D. H. Lawrence, presented as a group in 1968. In 1969 the Royal Court also presented two of his own first plays, "The Sleepers' Den" and "Over Gardens Out", "which revealed that Gill could evoke with economy of means and lyrical skill the circumstances of his Cardiff boyhood."
Riverside Studios.
Gill was appointed artistic director of the Riverside Studios in 1976, and on 30 May 1976, his Nottingham/Edinburgh production of "As You Like It" (starring Jane Lapotaire as Rosalind, John Price as Orlando and Zoë Wanamaker as Celia, with a stage design by William Dudley) marked the official opening of the Hammersmith arts centre, formerly a film and television studio. 
His first Riverside production was a staging of his own version of Chekhov's "The Cherry Orchard", which opened to universal press acclaim on 12 January 1978 (starring Judy Parfitt as Ranevskaya and Julie Covington as Varya, again with a setting designed by William Dudley).
Writing for The Sunday Times, theatre critic Bernard Levin said: "It is good to salute the opening of a new theatre; it is thrice good to be able to do so with almost unqualified praise for its first production. At the Riverside Studios, Peter Gill (who is in charge of the whole enterprise) has directed "The Cherry Orchard" with a cast so astonishingly suitable that I began, hallucinatorily, to believe that they had been assembled first, and that Chekhov had then written the play round them. What is more, they are achieving this effect on an impossible stage; it is seventy-five feet wide (the players have to sprint, never mind run, if they are to get off at all), absurdly shallow, and lacking even the most rudimentary trappings in the way of flies, a thrust or even wings...Mr Gill and his cast have sought success in the only place it can be found: inside themselves and the play. The effect is magical; "The Cherry Orchard" has almost never, in my experience, been at once so harrowing and so glittering; nor its fragile rhythms so finely, surely spun, its development so natural, human and real."
When Gill left Riverside in 1980 to be an Associate Director at the National Theatre, a West London theatre critic John Thaxter wrote: "It is no exaggeration to say that Gill's four years as director have taken Riverside to a leading position in British theatre; both with his own productions (notably "The Cherry Orchard" and this year's "Julius Caesar") and as a generous host to world theatre giants: Tadeusz Kantor and Athol Fugard among them...It would also be fair to say that the major portion of the subsidies making all this possible came from the Hammersmith Council, which this year alone provided £200,000 to Riverside, although its audience is drawn from far and wide." 
National Theatre.
As an Associate Director of the National Theatre 1980 to 1997, Gill also founded the National Theatre Studio in 1984, which he ran until 1 October 1990. In his own words: "When I set up the National Theatre Studio the development and analysis of acting was a central part of the work, so that, along with commissioning writers, developing directors and designers, investigating non-text based work, and producing work for the main house, the practice and analysis of acting skills seemed an essential part of any programme of work that was in part concerned with process."
His involvement with the studio was ended by Richard Eyre, who noted in his diary at the time: "Peter's aesthetic is precise, fastidious, exclusive, which is his virtue as a director, but the Studio has to embrace talents that he disapproves of. I felt strongly how much I'd miss him, his drollery, his waspishness, his scorn, his occasional generosity, and his perceptive intelligence, often wrapped in almost impenetrable obliquities. And his apparently psychic ability to know about shows in detail (and criticise them) without having seen them."
Plays.
Plays include:
Adaptations and versions:
Private life.
Gill is gay. He lived from the 1960s until 2006 in a small flat in the Thameside house formerly belonging to George Devine and later bought by playwright Donald Howarth and his civil partner George Goetschuis. Gill gets several mentions in the diaries of Joe Orton, for whom he directed a double bill of former television plays by Orton at the Royal Court called "Crimes of Passion". Orton visited him at home 11 April 1966 when he says Gill made him a curious lunch out of a tin and he also met Donald Howarth.

</doc>
<doc id="9647318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647318" title="Bonilla">
Bonilla

Bonilla is a surname, and may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="9647326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647326" title="Thomas George Greenwell">
Thomas George Greenwell

Colonel Thomas George Greenwell (18 December 1894 – 15 November 1967) was the National Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for The Hartlepools and the managing director of the ship-repair yard, T. W. Greenwell and Co. Ltd, a Sunderland yard which had been founded by his father in 1901. 
Greenwell was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, and at King's College, Newcastle. 
The by-election he won in 1943 was held according to the convention of the war years - neither the Labour Party nor the Liberal Party put up a candidate, to give the incumbent party a clear run, although an independent, a Common Wealth Party candidate and a Progressive Socialist stood. The 'swing' to the Conservatives was the largest in any by-election in the war years, largely because of Greenwell's strongly pro-Churchillian stance. Surprisingly, the post-war 1945 general election only just removed him — there was a recount. In 1951 he was appointed High Sheriff of Durham.
He was also a Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant for County Durham. In "Who's Who" he gave his recreation as salmon fishing. He was a member of the Carlton Club.
His daughter, Pamela Hunter, later followed him into politics, and was Chair of the Conservative Party Conference in the year of the Brighton bombing (she was subsequently made a Dame of the Order of the British Empire).

</doc>
<doc id="9647330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647330" title="Deutschland incident (1937)">
Deutschland incident (1937)

The "Deutschland" incident of 1937 occurred in May of that year, during the Spanish Civil War.
On May 29, 1937, a pair of Tupolev SB Soviet bombers attached to the Spanish Republican air force raided Nationalist air bases and the port of Ibiza, in the Spanish Mediterranean Sea. The aircraft departed from the airbase of Los Alcázares, near Cartagena. The German heavy cruiser "Deutschland", which was part of the International Non-Intervention Committee patrol, was anchored off Ibiza and was allegedly misidentified by the bombers' crew as the Nationalist heavy cruiser "Canarias". Two Soviet pilots, Captain Anton Progrorin and Lieutenant Vassily Schmidt, dropped their bombs on "Deutschland", causing large fires on the ship and killing 31 sailors and wounding 74.
The following day German naval forces shelled the Republican held city of Almería in retaliation for the Republican air attacks on "Deutschland". Because of the "Deutschland" incident, Germany and Italy left the meetings of the Non-Intervention Committee. The heavy cruiser "Admiral Scheer" shelled the port and the city of Almería with 200 rounds, resulting in 19 deaths, 55 wounded, and the destruction of 35 buildings. German and Italian warships were concentrated in the Mediterranean Sea next to Spain, and were starting to take a more active role in the supporting of Nationalist forces.

</doc>
<doc id="9647347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647347" title="Laura Murphy">
Laura Murphy

Laura Murphy was a character on the long running police drama "NYPD Blue". She was played by Bonnie Somerville.
Joining at the beginning of the twelfth and final season, Murphy was a long term replacement for Connie McDowell after the character left to have a baby. Her main character detail was that she came from a family where her brothers and a lot of male cousins were all New York City firefighters. Coming from the Application's Investigations unit, she was partnered up with Rita Ortiz and, initially, her new partner has problems with her flirting with fellow cops, including John Clark. However they quickly overcome any difficulties and by the end of the season are working as a good team. They are the only partners other than the two new detectives, Quinn and Slovak, to say goodnight together to the new squad boss, Andy Sipowicz, at the end of the final episode.

</doc>
<doc id="9647349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647349" title="Bargate">
Bargate

The Bargate is a building in the city centre of Southampton, England. Constructed in Norman times as part of the fortified walled city, the Bargate was the main point of entry and exit to and from the north. Since Southampton is on the south coast, this made the Bargate the main gateway to the city. The Bargate is a Grade I listed building and a scheduled monument.
History.
The Bargate was built circa 1180 AD, constructed of stone and flint. Additional archways were added in 1764 and 1774. Further alterations were made to the building around 1290, when large drum towers were added to the north side, with arrow slit windows.
A two-storey extension was made to the south side towards the end of the thirteenth century, with four windows lighting the upstairs room. In the middle of the four windows is a statue of George III in Roman dress, which replaced a wooden statue of Queen Anne. Work was also carried out to the interior of the upper room during the thirteenth century, when the stone fireplaces were installed. The embattled north front was added to the building around 1400. In 1605, the city's curfew and alarm bell was added to the southwest corner of the building. A sundial was added a century later.
The room above the gate itself has known several uses. It was originally used as the city's guildhall, until the 1770s. It was at this point that the city began to grow to the north of the gate. Also during the eighteenth century, five panels containing painted shields were added to the building.
In 1765, a passage was cut through the eastern side of the arch for pedestrians. A further passage through the western side was added later.
Following the establishment of Southampton's police force in February 1836, the upper room was used as a prison. 
The Bargate was separated from the adjoining town walls in the 1930s. The monument again served as the police headquarters for the city during the Second World War.
The Bargate Shopping Centre was built next to the structure itself in 1989.
After being closed to the public for several years, the upper room was opened in March 2006 as an art gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="9647352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647352" title="Morgan Stanley Building">
Morgan Stanley Building

1585 Broadway is the headquarters of Morgan Stanley, on the west side of Broadway, north of Duffy Square in Midtown Manhattan.
History.
Even before 1585 Broadway began to rise over Duffy Square, its developer, David S. Solomon, had signed law firm Proskauer Rose to a 20-year lease for 365,000 square feet (33,900 square meters). A notable achievement at any time, the deal was a milestone in a market where a growing number of new buildings were competing heavily for a shrinking number of tenants.
In December 1991, the original developer, 1585 Broadway Associates, controlled by Solomon, filed for bankruptcy, leaving unfinished building construction, stalled leasing, and strained tenant relationships. 
A consortium of banks then gained control of the asset through the bankruptcy process and hired Hines Interests Limited Partnership to manage the property.
Morgan Stanley bought the building for $176 million in August 1993 and moved in two years later. Currently, it uses the building as its world headquarters.
The building is featured in the movie "Down to Earth" as the skyscraper from which a failing businessman jumps to his death.
Law & Order: Criminal Intent also uses it at the beginning of the opening theme post season 7. Law & Order: Trial By Jury also used it before its cancellation.
The building was featured in Beck's music video for his 1996 single" Devil's Haircut" in which he is dancing on the screen while tax market prices go by.

</doc>
<doc id="9647361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647361" title="Terminal (Xfce)">
Terminal (Xfce)

Terminal is a terminal emulator built for the Xfce desktop environment using GTK+. It is provided as part of the Xfce project, but it can be used in other X Window System environments as well. Terminal supports tabs, as well as customizable key bindings, colors, and window sizes. It was designed to replace GNOME Terminal, which depends on the GNOME libraries. Like GNOME Terminal, it is based on the Vte terminal emulator library.
The Debian/Ubuntu package name for Terminal is xfce4-terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="9647366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647366" title="Union Avenue Line (Brooklyn)">
Union Avenue Line (Brooklyn)

The Union Avenue Line was a public transit line in Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running mostly along Myrtle Avenue, Knickerbocker Avenue, Flushing Avenue, Throop Avenue, and Union Avenue from Ridgewood, Queens northwest to Greenpoint, Brooklyn.
History.
The Calvary Cemetery, Greenpoint and Brooklyn Railroad began operating the Calvary Cemetery Line on Greenpoint Avenue, from Greenpoint Ferry in Brooklyn east across the Blissville Bridge over Newtown Creek to Calvary Cemetery in Queens, in the mid-1880s. This route ran along part of the Bushwick Railroad's Bushwick Avenue Line west of Manhattan Avenue. On April 21, 1887, the Brooklyn Crosstown Railroad, which operated on Manhattan Avenue, bought the company, which was not profitable. The Crosstown soon began building the rest of the CCG&B's proposed system, from the Crosstown's stables on Manhattan Avenue in Greenpoint east on Ash Street, south on McGuinness Boulevard, west on Driggs Avenue, and south on Union Avenue, Broadway, and Throop Avenue to a terminus at Park Avenue. This included some trackage of the Bushwick Railroad's Bushwick Avenue Line and the Crosstown's Crosstown Line on Driggs Avenue. Plans were also made to continue the line south past Park Avenue to Prospect Park, but were not carried through.
The Park Avenue Line, a cable car line, ran from Fulton Ferry east to Bushwick, including a stretch of Crosstown trackage on Park Avenue between Navy Street and Washington Avenue. It had been built by the Atlantic Avenue Railroad and leased to a cable company. The line was a failure, and the lessee transferred the lease to the Crosstown in July 1887, giving the Crosstown access to downtown and an outlet for the Union Avenue Line. Horse cars replaced Park Avenue cable cars on July 16, and Union Avenue cars began running to the Brooklyn Bridge around then. The Brooklyn City Rail Road leased the Crosstown on August 1, 1889, and on August 2 it truncated the Union Avenue route to Park Avenue; about a month later the original owner - the Atlantic Avenue Railroad - began operating the Park Avenue Line with horse cars.
On April 27, 1890, the Brooklyn City opened new trackage on Flushing Avenue from Graham Avenue east to Metropolitan Avenue, and on Knickerbocker Avenue from Flushing Avenue southeast to Myrtle Avenue. In addition to introducing a new Flushing Avenue Line (the existing line on Flushing Avenue was the Graham Avenue Line), it rerouted the Union Avenue Line to run from Ridgewood to Greenpoint Ferry. This new route used Myrtle Avenue, Knickerbocker Avenue, Flushing Avenue, Throop Avenue, Union Avenue, Driggs Avenue, Manhattan Avenue, and Greenpoint Avenue. The trackage on McGuinness Boulevard and Ash Street and on Throop Avenue south of Flushing Avenue, only three years old, was abandoned.
The line was eventually truncated at the north end to a counterclockwise loop on Driggs Avenue, Manhattan Avenue, Nassau Avenue, and Lorimer Street, and later shifted from Union Avenue east to Lorimer Street (Lorimer Street Line) from the loop south to Throop Avenue. Cars stopped running on December 1, 1945, and were not replaced by buses.

</doc>
<doc id="9647380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647380" title="Magiri">
Magiri

The were a type of administrative district of the Ryukyu Kingdom in the Ryukyu Islands that ranged from the Amami Islands in present-day Kagoshima Prefecture across all of present-day Okinawa Prefecture. In concept they were similar to present day Japanese prefectures, but in size they were closer to cities, towns and villages.
History.
The origin of the magiri system is unclear, but was solidified by the beginning of the reign of Shō Shin, the third king of the Second Shō Dynasty of the Ryukyu Kingdom. The rule of Shō Shin ranged between 1477 and 1526. In the history of the Ryukyu Islands, the demarkation of "magiri" underwent two major modifications. The system also continued to varying degrees in the Amami Islands even after they were put under the control of Satsuma Domain.
The magiri were originally controlled by individual anji, but as the Ryukyu Kingdom solidified in the 15th century the anji relocated to the center of the kingdom at Shuri. After this period the title of anji became symbolic, and low-ranking official were assigned the day-to-day administration of the magiri.
Each magiri had several "shima", or settlements, which represented an administrative unit similar to the "mura", or village, in feudal Japan. Each magiri had five to ten "shima". Ryukyuan commoners were registered to a particular "shima", and movement to or from the administrative areas was generally not permitted. Under the system of Shō Shin the central government at Shuri assigned each "shima" a "noro", or priestess, to carry out religious functions of the settlement.
The magiri system continued after the end of the Ryukyu Kingdom and annexation of Okinawa by Japan in 1879. In 1907, under Imperial Edict 46, the Japanese administrative system of cities, towns, and village organization was extended to Okinawa. The "magiri" system was officially abolished on April 1, 1908.
List of Magiri.
The following is a list of "magiri" from the Sanzan Period, including newly established ones (namely Misato, Kushi, Motobu, Ginowan, Oroku, Onna, Ōgimi, Yonashiro)

</doc>
<doc id="9647398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647398" title="Gheorghe Doja, Ialomița">
Gheorghe Doja, Ialomița

Gheorghe Doja (colloquially known as "Doja") is a commune in Ialomiţa County, Romania, 20 km away from Slobozia and 110 km from Bucharest. It is composed of a single village, Gheorghe Doja.
The village is located in the Bărăgan, in the Siman Valley (Valea lui Siman). Initially, the settlement was named "Valea lui Siman", and, later, "Principesa Elena" (after Princess Elena of Romania). The village was later renamed to "Gheorghe Doja", after György Dózsa, a Székely from Transylvania who led a peasants' revolt against the Hungarian landed nobility in 1514. 
There are two natural sites nearby: the Fundata lake, and the Ialomiţa river. 
The main occupation of the villagers is agriculture. In this village, the people cultivate watermelons (pepeni) which they sell throughout the country. 
The village is near the European route E60 and 50 km away from A2 Romania highway.

</doc>
<doc id="9647405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647405" title="Tipping the Velvet (TV series)">
Tipping the Velvet (TV series)

Tipping the Velvet is a 2002 BBC television drama serial based on the best-selling debut novel by Sarah Waters of the same name. It originally screened in three episodes on BBC Two and was produced for the BBC by the independent production company Sally Head Productions. It stars Rachael Stirling, Keeley Hawes, and Jodhi May.
Directed by Geoffrey Sax, the novel was adapted by screenwriter Andrew Davies. The production was made available on DVD by BBC Worldwide soon after broadcast.
Background and development.
The BBC had previously aired a sanitised version of "Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit" in 1990 and some other scenes in dramas to follow, but none had been so explicit. Sally Head Productions defended the decision to air the entire programme uncut. Waters was quite surprised that the BBC chose to produce and broadcast a television adaptation that faithfully followed the relish and detail of sexual escapades in the book. Stirling thoroughly enjoyed the role, despite her avowed heterosexuality: "To counteract any hard-core sex within it, there's a huge sense of humour and a huge sense of fun and frivolity and joy of life. It was so utterly believable that you never for a moment thought, Fuck, there's no reason why I'm standing here naked."
Screenwriter Andrew Davies said he was attracted to the story because it featured a girl transitioning into womanhood and it included his interests in Victorian erotica; he compared it to "Pride and Prejudice"—for which he wrote the BBC screenplay—"with dirty bits". Both Waters and Davies were concerned about the use of dildos in scenes with Diana, but the BBC allowed it. When news releases told of the BBC featuring swearing and sex toys, the "Daily Mail" reported that viewers began to protest. BBC representatives downplayed the gratuitousness of the story, comparing it to "Moll Flanders".
Waters especially appreciated the way Davies interpreted Kitty's ambivalence about being in love with Nan. He wrote the line for her, "I hate the way you make me feel", which according to Waters crystallises Kitty's complicated emotions well. The music in the adaptation was written for the film. Waters wrote song titles but not lyrics in the music references in the novel. For one song, during Kitty and Nan's first performance in the adaptation, Davies wrote a composition that had Kitty show Nan—dressed and performing as brothers—how to pick up girls in the park. It involved Kitty teaching Nan how to kiss, which they do onstage in front of audiences who are watching women, dressed as men, who are in reality having an affair with each other beyond the view of the audience. Waters wrote a similar description as Nan compares their act to their relationship; their sexual encounters to their performance onstage, noting the irony that Kitty insisted on absolute secrecy yet there they performed in front of thousands: ""You are too slow—you go too fast—not there, but here—that's good—that's better!" It was as if we walked before the crimson curtain, lay down upon the boards and kissed and fondled—and were clapped, and cheered, and paid for it!"
Filming Locations.
The production team visited Whitstable in Kent, where Nancy Astley (Rachael Stirling) lived with her family, before she leaves for London. The Chatham Dockyard was used to double as London for the street scenes. 

</doc>
<doc id="9647415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647415" title="1999 Copa Libertadores">
1999 Copa Libertadores

The 1999 edition of the Copa Libertadores was the 40th in the tournament's history. It was held between February 21 and June 16. Palmeiras won the cup for the first time in the tournament's history.
First round.
Twenty teams were distributed among five groups in the First Round; the top three of each group qualified to the playoff bracket. Vasco da Gama (winner of the previous edition of the tournament) received a bye to the playoff bracket.
Round of 16.
First leg matches were played on April 14. Second leg matches were on April 20 and April 21.
Quarterfinals.
First leg matches were played on May 5. Second leg matches were played on May 12.
Semifinals.
First leg matches were played on May 19. Second leg matches were played on May 26.
Final.
First leg match were played on June 2. Second leg match were played on June 16.

</doc>
<doc id="9647420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647420" title="Jambo Bolton">
Jambo Bolton

James "Jambo" Bolton is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Will Mellor. He first appeared as an original character in 1995, before leaving in 1998. In 2004, Mellor reprised his role briefly for a special Christmas episode.
Characterisation.
Jambo is described as having an "idiosyncratic approach to life - he disliked convention and had a naturally inquisitive mind, often pondering on life's little mysteries, such as the theory of tumbling toast". Liverpool Echo described him as "the happy-go-lucky jack-the-lad with an eye for the ladies".
Storylines.
Jambo was an individualist, putting his unique stamp on anything that came his way, from his formula for salty vinegar and his devotion to Margaret the cow. Jambo had a penchant for climbing through windows, yet, as he argued, "Why walk round to the door when the window is right in front of you?". Jambo was good friends with Kurt Benson and Tony Hutchinson and, whilst they were often confused by his odd behaviour, the three formed a strong bond, providing one another with support and, very often, humour needed to get through their rather tumultuous lives.
Meanwhile, Kurt was soon paired off with Ruth Osborne and Tony was hopelessly in love with Julie Matthews. Jambo was often left on the sidelines, unlucky in love and unable to act on the feelings he had for Dawn Cunningham. After countless missed opportunities as well as Jambo’s brief relationship with Carol Groves’s sister, Anita and his stepmother Lisa, Dawn and Jambo finally admitted their feelings for each other. The other woman in Jambo’s life was his Bond Bug Beryl, whom he loved and cherished almost as much as Dawn. Tragically, Jambo's romance with Dawn was short-lived, as she was diagnosed with leukaemia. She eventually lost her battle against the disease, leaving Jambo devastated over the loss of his girl he wanted more than anything else in the world. Jambo never got over the death of Dawn and, although he tried to persevere with his new landscaping business, '‘Dig It!’, he decided that there were too many memories of Dawn in Hollyoaks and he wanted to move on.
However, Jambo certainly left the female population of Hollyoaks with a memory they would cherish, when he was the unwilling stripper at Jude’s opening night at the Parkers. Jambo finally bid farewell to Hollyoaks to begin a new life in Anglesey in 1998 but made one final visit to Hollyoaks to put flowers on Dawn’s grave and vowed never to return. Jambo reappeared when the gang went to a trip to Anglesey to visit him.
At Christmas 2004, Jambo reappeared as a vision to Tony Hutchinson in a unique take on A Christmas Carol. Tony later confirmed that it was just as vision, not a ghost, and that he had contacted Jambo in Wales who was very much alive.
Jambo hasn't been seen since, although in October 2007, Tina McQueen threw a surprise birthday party for her brother-in-law Tony. She invited all the people in his address book, including Jambo. Tony later told Izzy he had known about the party all along because Jambo had sent him a text saying, "Thanks for the invitation to your surprise birthday party, Tony, sorry I can't make it."
Reception.
On the character Sky said "Way hey... it's Jambo Bolton, do you remember his earring? He was one of the originals and also one of our faves". What's on TV placed him in their list of "The Top 100 Soap Hunks of All Time". Elizabeth Joyce of the "Shropshire Star" said that Jambo was a "decent" and "genuinely memorable character" who still holds "a place in the heart of many a late-twentysomething"

</doc>
<doc id="9647427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647427" title="Mascot Pictures">
Mascot Pictures

Mascot Pictures Corporation was an American minor film company of the 1920s and 1930s best known for producing film serials and B-westerns. Mascot's serial "The King of the Kongo" (1929) was the first serial to include sound, beating Universal Studios by several months.
Mascot was formed in 1927 by film producer Nat Levine. In 1935 it merged with several other companies to form Republic Pictures.
The company's logo featured a roaring tiger resting on top of a model of the planet Earth.
Early years.
Mascot was created by Nat Levine, a former personal secretary to Marcus Loew, in 1927 after the success of his independent serial "The Silent Flyer" (1926).
In the beginning the company operated out of the upstairs offices of a contractor's business on Santa Monica Boulevard. It rented all of its equipment and facilities.
In 1929 the studio made serial history with the production of "The King of the Kongo". This was the first serial, from any production company, to be made with sound. Mascot's first all-talking production was "The Phantom of the West" (1931)
Sennett Studios.
By 1933 Mascot was successful enough to rent, and later buy, Sennett Studios after the original owner, silent-film comedy producer-director Mack Sennett, went bankrupt because of the Great Depression. This made the company a true film studio. That studio lot is now CBS Studio Center.
Mascot was responsible for the popularity of the concept of the "singing cowboy" and the "musical western". In 1935 the studio produced "The Phantom Empire" with the then untried Gene Autry as the lead.
Republic Pictures.
Mascot's film developer was Consolidated Film Industries, known as CFI. In 1935, under pressure from that company's owner, Herbert Yates, Mascot merged with CFI and Monogram Pictures, Liberty Pictures, Chesterfield Pictures and Invincible Pictures to form the larger Republic Pictures. Mascot became the serial and B-Western arm of the company, along with its studio. Along with other things, Monogram provided its distribution network, and technical and financial elements came from CFI.
Legacy.
Several careers began at Mascot Pictures.
Filmography.
Additionally,

</doc>
<doc id="9647432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647432" title="List of non-Gaelic games played in Croke Park">
List of non-Gaelic games played in Croke Park

The following is a list of non-Gaelic games played at Croke Park (formerly "Jones's Road"). The Gaelic Athletic Association formerly prohibited the playing of "foreign sports" at GAA-owned stadiums under Rule 42 of its rule book.
While this wording remains as the current Rule 5.1(b), a footnote now reads:
In practice the rule was only applied to the sports of soccer and rugby, which were perceived to be rivals to the playing of Gaelic games. Cricket was also banned, but Croke Park is too small for a cricket field. As such, several games of American football have been played with rule 42 in force, as well as a boxing match and a baseball game. The rule was officially relaxed in 2005 for the duration of the reconstruction of Lansdowne Road, to allow for the playing of Republic of Ireland soccer and Irish rugby internationals. The Republic of Ireland soccer and Ireland rugby internationals moved into the new Aviva Stadium on the former Lansdowne Road site upon its opening in May 2010; the last international in either sport at Croke Park was the rugby team's 2010 Six Nations home fixture with Scotland on 20 March.
On 17 June 2010 the Australia national cricket team had a training session in Croke Park ahead of their One Day International against Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9647445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647445" title="Serial film">
Serial film

A serial, more specifically known as a movie serial, film serial or chapter play, is a short subject originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film. They were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Also known as "chapter plays", they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called "chapters" or "episodes".
Each chapter was screened at the same theater for one week, and ended with a "cliffhanger," in which the hero and heroine found themselves in a perilous situation with little apparent chance of escape. Viewers had to return each week to see the cliffhangers resolved and to follow the continuing story. Serials were especially popular with children, and for many youths in the first half of the 20th century a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.
Popularity and decline.
Many serials were Westerns, since those were the least expensive to film. Besides Westerns, though, there were films covering many genres, including crime fiction, espionage, comic book or comic strip characters, science fiction, and jungle adventures. Although most serials were filmed economically, some were made at significant expense. The "Flash Gordon" serial and its sequels, for instance, were major productions in their times.
Serials were a popular form of movie entertainment dating back to Edison's "What Happened to Mary?" of 1912. There appear to be older serials, however, such as the 1910 Deutsche Vitaskop 5 episode "Arsene Lupin Contra Sherlock Holmes", based upon the Maurice LeBlanc novel, and a possible but unconfirmed "Raffles" serial in 1911. Usually filmed with low budgets, serials were action-packed stories that usually involved a hero (or heroes) battling an evil villain and rescuing a damsel in distress. The villain would continually place the hero into inescapable deathtraps, or the heroine would be placed into a deathtrap and the hero would bravely come to her rescue, usually pulling her away from certain death only moments before she met her doom. The hero and heroine would face one trap after another, battling countless thugs and lackeys, before finally defeating the villain.
Many famous clichés of action-adventure movies had their origins in the serials. The popular term cliffhanger was developed as a plot device in film serials (though its origins have been traced by some historians to the Sherlock Holmes stories of Arthur Conan Doyle), and it comes from the many times that the hero or heroine would end up hanging over a cliff, usually as the villain gloated above and waited for them to plummet thousands of feet to their deaths. Other popular clichés included the heroine or hero trapped in a burning building, being trampled by horses, knocked unconscious in a car as it goes over a cliff, crashing in an airplane, and watching as the burning fuse of a nearby bundle of dynamite sparked and sputtered its way towards the deadly explosive (at the beginning of the next chapter the endangered character usually simply got up and walked away with only minor scrapes). The popular Indiana Jones movies are a well-known, romantic pastiche of the serials' clichéd plot elements and devices.
The silent era was the zenith of the movie serial and serial stars from this period were major stars such as Pearl White, who starred in the quintessential silent serial "The Perils of Pauline," which still ranks among the best known silent films. Ruth Roland, Marin Sais, Ann Little, and Helen Holmes were also early leading serial queens. Most of these serials put beautiful young women in jeopardy week after week. The serials starring women were the most popular during the silent period but in the sound era few serials had a female character in the major role.
Years after their first release, serials gained new life at "Saturday Matinees," theatrical showings on Saturday mornings aimed directly at children. For that reason, serials are sometimes called "Saturday Matinee Serials," even though they were originally shown with feature films.
In the early days of television in the United States, movie serials were often broadcast, one chapter a day. Many have been released in home video formats.
Usual terms.
Besides the hero or heroine, some terms are used to define villains and supporting players:
Eras.
Silent era.
Famous American serials of the silent era include "The Perils of Pauline" and "The Exploits of Elaine" made by Pathé Frères and starring Pearl White. Another popular serial emerged that year, the 119 episode "The Hazards of Helen" made by Kalem Studios and starring Helen Holmes for the first forty-eight episodes then Helen Gibson for the remainder. Other major studios of the silent era produced them, such as Vitagraph and Essanay Studios, as did Warner Bros., Fox, and Universal. Several independent companies (for example, Mascot Pictures) made Western serials. Four silent Tarzan serials were also made.
Europe had its own serials: in France Victorin-Hippolyte Jasset launched his series of Nick Carter films in 1908, and the idea of the episodic crime adventure was developed particularly by Louis Feuillade in "Fantômas" (1913-14), "Les Vampires" (1915), and "Judex" (1916); in Germany, "Homunculus" (1916), directed by Otto Rippert, was a six-part horror serial about an artificial creature.
Sound era.
The arrival of sound technology made it costlier to produce serials, so that they were no longer as profitable on a flat rental basis. Further, the Great Depression made it impossible for many of the smaller companies that produced serials to upgrade to sound, and they went out of business. Only one serial specialty company, Mascot Pictures, transitioned from silent to sound filmmaking. Universal Pictures also kept its serial unit alive through the transition.
In the early 1930s a handful of independent companies tried their hand at making serials, but managed only two or three, including the once-prolific Weiss Brothers. The Weisses bought a little time when Columbia Pictures decided to take a try at serials, and contracted with them (as Adventure Serials Inc.) to make three chapterplays. They were successful enough that Columbia then established its own serial unit and the Weisses essentially disappeared from the serial scene. This was in 1937, and Columbia was probably inspired by the previous year's serial blockbuster success at Universal, "Flash Gordon", the first serial ever to play at a major theater on Broadway; and by the success of that same year of the newly created Republic Pictures, which dedicated itself to a program of serials and westerns, eschewing major productions in their favor. The creation of Republic involved the absorption of Mascot Pictures, so that by 1937, serial production was now in the hands of three companies only - Universal, Columbia, and Republic, with Republic quickly becoming the acknowledged leader in quality serial product. Each company turned out four to five serials per year, of 12 to 15 episodes each, a pace they all kept up until the end of World War II when, in 1946, Universal dropped its serial unit along with its B-picture unit and renamed its production department Universal-International Pictures. Republic and Columbia continued unchallenged, with about four serials per year each, Republic fixing theirs at 12 chapters each while Columbia fixed at fifteen.
By the mid-1950s, however, episodic television series and the sale of older serials to TV syndicators by all the current and past major sound serial producers, together with the loss of audience attendance at Saturday matinees in general, made serial-making a losing proposition.
Post-1950s serials.
There have been several post-1950s attempts at reviving or recalling cliffhanger serials, by both fans and professional studios, and serials were often spoofed in cartoons of the 1960s.
Amateur/fan efforts:
An early attempt at a low-budget Western serial, filmed in color, was entitled "The Silver Avenger." One or two chapters exist of this effort on 16 mm film but it is not known whether the serial was ever completed.
The best-known fan-made chapter play is the four-chapter, silent 16 mm amateur effort made to resemble Republic and Columbia serials of the 1940s "Captain Celluloid Vs. The Film Pirates," completed in 1966. The plot involved a masked villain named The Master Duper, one of three members of a Film Commission who attempts to acquire the only known prints of various lost nitrate films, and the heroic Captain Celluloid, who wears a costume reminiscent of that of the Black Commando in Columbia Pictures' serial "The Secret Code," is determined to uncover him. Roles in the serial are played by, among others, film historians and serial fans Alan Barbour and William K. Everson.
In the 1970s, serial fan Blackie Seymour shot a complete 15 chapter serial called "The Return of the Copperhead." Mr. Seymour's only daughter, who operated the camera at the age of 8, attests that as of 2008 the serial was indeed filmed but the raw footage remains in cans, unedited . . . "perhaps someday" to be assembled.
In 2001, "King of the Park Rangers," a 1-chapter sound serial was released by Cliffhanger Productions on VHS video tape in sepia. It concerned the adventures of a Park Ranger named Patricia King and an FBI Agent who track down a trio of killers out to find buried treasure in the New Jersey Pine Barrens.
A second 10-chapter serial, "The Dangers of Deborah," in which a female reporter and a criminologist fight to uncover the identity of a mysterious villain named The Terror, was released by Cliffhanger Productions in 2008.
In 2006, Lamb4 Productions created its own homage to the film serials of the 1940s with its own serial titled "Wildcat." The story revolves around a super hero named Wildcat and his attempts to save the fictional Rite City from a masked villain known as the Roach. This 8-chapter serial was based heavily on popular super hero serials such as "Batman and Robin," "Captain America," and "The Adventures of Captain Marvel." After its premiere, "Wildcat" was posted on the official Lamb4 Productions YouTube channel for public viewing.
Studio/commercial efforts, cartoons, and spoofery:
The serial format was used with stories on the original run of "The Mickey Mouse Club" (1955-58), with each chapter running about six to ten minutes. The longer-running dramatic serials included "Corky and White Shadow", "The Adventures of Spin and Marty", "The Hardy Boys: The Mystery of the Applegate Treasure", "The Boys of the Western Sea", "The Secret of Mystery Lake", "The Hardy Boys: The Mystery of Ghost Farm", and "The Adventures of Clint and Mac".
Other Disney programs shown on "Walt Disney Presents" in segments (such as "The Scarecrow of Romney Marsh", "The Swamp Fox", "The Secret of Boyne Castle", "The Mooncussers", and "The Prince and the Pauper") and Disney feature films (including "Treasure Island"; "The Three Lives of Thomasina"; "The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men"; "Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue"; and "The Fighting Prince of Donegal") edited into segments for television presentation often had a cliffhanger-serial-like feel. 
In England, in the 1950s and 60s, low-budget 6-chapter serials such as "Dusty Bates" and "Masters of Venus" were released theatrically, but these were not particularly well-regarded or remembered.
Of course, perhaps the greatest number of serialized television programs to feature any single character were those made featuring "Doctor Who", the BBC character introduced in 1963. "Doctor Who" serials would run anywhere from 3 to 12 episodes and were shown in weekly segments as had been the original theatrical cliffhangers. "Doctor Who" was syndicated in the US as early as 1974 but did not gain a following in America until the mid-1980s when episodes featuring Tom Baker reached its shores.
The 1960s cartoon show "Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle" included two serial-style episodes per program. These spoofed the cliffhanger serial form. Within the Rocky and Bullwinke show, the recurring but non-serialized "Dudley Do-Right", specifically parodied the damsel in distress (Nell Fenwick) being tied to railroad tracks by arch villain (Snidely Whipslash) and rescued by the noble but clueless Dudley. The Hanna–Barbera "Perils of Penelope Pitstop" was a takeoff on the silent serials "The Perils of Pauline" and "The Iron Claw," which featured Paul Lynde as the voice of the villain Sylvester Sneakley, alias "The Hooded Claw".
" Danger Island," a multi-part story in under-10-minute episodes, was shown on the Saturday morning Banana Splits program in the late 1960s. Episodes were short, full of wild action and usually ended on a cliffhanger. This serial is notable for having been directed by Richard Donner and featuring the first African American action hero in a chapter play. The violence present in most of the episodes, though much of it was deliberately comical and would not be considered shocking today, also raised concerns at a time when violence in children's TV was at issue.
On February 27, 1979, NBC broadcast the first episode of an hour-long weekly television series "Cliffhangers!", which had three segments, each with a different serial: a horror story ("The Curse of Dracula", starring Michael Nouri), a science fiction/western ("The Secret Empire," (inspired by 1935's "The Phantom Empire") starring Geoffrey Scott as Marshal Jim Donner and Mark Lenard as Emperor Thorval) and a mystery ("Stop Susan Williams!", starring Susan Anton, Ray Walston as Bob Richards, and Albert Paulsen as the villain Anthony Korf). Unfortunately, though final episodes were shot, the series was canceled and the last program aired on May 1, 1979 before all of the serials could conclude; only "The Curse of Dracula" was resolved.
In 2006, Dark Horse Indie films through Image Entertainment released a 6 chapter serial parody called "Monarch of the Moon," detailing the adventures of a hero named the Yellow Jacket, who could control Yellow Jackets with his voice, battled "Japbots", and traveled to the moon. The end credits promised a second serial, "Commie Commandos From Mars." Dark Horse attempted to promote the release as a just found never before released serial made in 1946 but suppressed by the US Government. Most fans weren't fooled, however.
Machinima Era.
In recent years there has been a small resurgence of a sort in serial production. Many films created using machinima, the art of using pre-existing consumer-level three-dimensional rendering engines to create computer-generated imagery, have been distributed in serial format. According to Hugh Hancock of Machinima.com, three to five minutes is an optimal length for videos downloaded over the Internet. As a result, a serial composed of multiple short videos can be an effective way of telling a longer story in this medium. "", a comedy series by Rooster Teeth Productions with a continuous, single plot spanning 100 episodes, popularized this distribution method. Many "Red vs. Blue" episodes end with cliffhangers, and Rooster Teeth Productions has acknowledged that the series is similar to older film serials in this regard. Another notable machinima production, Edgeworks Entertainment's "The Codex", is a self-contained film, but was nonetheless released as a serial in 20 episodes between February and August 2005. Per the category of this page, any such productions generated or distributed without film itself would not follow the subject of film, as definitions of the word film, with only slight variation, tend to ascribe that use of the word to the process of filming with a camera or onto film.
Production.
Peak form.
The classic sound serial, particularly in its Republic format, has a first episode of about 30 minutes (approximately three reels in length) and begins with reports of a masked, secret, or unsuspected villain menacing an unspecific part of America. This episode traditionally has the most detailed credits at the beginning, often with pictures of the actors with their names and that of the character they play. Often there follows a montage of scenes lifted from the cliffhangers of previous serials to depict the ways in which the master criminal was a serial killer with a motive. In the first episode, various suspects or "candidates" who may, in secret, be this villain are presented, and the viewer often hears the voice but does not see the face of this mastermind commanding his "lead villain," similar to a sergeant, whom the viewer sees in just about every episode.
In the succeeding weeks (usually 11 to 14) thereafter, an episode nearly 20 minutes (approximately two reels) in length was presented, in which the "lead villain" and lesser thugs commit crimes in various places, fight the hero, and trap someone to make the ending a cliffhanger. Many of the episodes have clues, dialogue, and events leading the viewer to think that any of the candidates were the mastermind. As serials were made by writing the whole script first and then slicing it into portions filmed at various sites, often the same location would be used several times in the serial, often given different signage, or none at all, just being referred to differently. There would often be a female love interest of the male hero, or a female hero herself, but as the audience was mainly children, there was no hugging and kissing.
In 1938 Republic introduced the "economy episode" (or "recap chapter") in which the characters summarize or reminisce about their adventures, so as to introduce showing those scenes again (in the manner of a clip show in modern television). This type of episode usually had a cheap, mechanical cliffhanger, like a time bomb rather than being unconscious in a runaway vehicle.
The beginning of each chapter would bring the story up to date by repeating the last few minutes of the previous chapter, and then revealing how the main character escaped. Often the reprised scene would add an element not seen in the previous close, but unless it contradicted something shown previously, audiences accepted the explanation. On rare occasions the filmmakers would depend on the audience not remembering details of the previous week's chapter, using alternate outcomes that did not exactly match the previous episode's cliffhanger.
The last episode was sometimes a bit longer than most, for its tasks were to unmask the head villain (who usually was someone completely unsuspected), wrap up the loose ends, and end with a triumphal proclamation, followed by a joke — and sometimes a kiss (provided that the story supplied a heroine to receive it).
Production practices.
The major studios had their own retinues of actors and writers, their own prop departments, existing sets, stock footage, and music libraries. The early independent studios had none of these, except for being able to rent the sets of independent producers of western features.
The firms saved money by reusing the same cliffhangers, stunt and special effect sequences over the years. Mines or tunnels flooded often, even in "Flash Gordon", and the same model cars and trains went off the same cliffs and bridges. Republic had a Packard limousine and a Ford Woodie station wagon used in serial after serial so they could match the shots with the stock footage from the model or previous stunt driving. Three different serials had them chasing the Art Deco sound truck, required for location shooting, for various reasons. Male fistfighters all wore hats so that the change from actor to stunt double would not be caught so easily. A rubber liner on the hatband of the stuntman's fedora would make a seal on the stuntman's head, so the hat would stay on during fight scenes.
Exposition of what led up to the previous episode's cliffhanger was usually displayed on placards with a photograph of one of the characters on it. In 1938, Universal brought the first "scrolling text" exposition to the serial, which George Lucas first used in "" in 1977 and then in all of the following "Star Wars" films. As this would have required subcontracting the optical effects, Republic saved money by not using it.
Stylistic differences between the studios.
Universal had been making serials since the 1910s, and continued to service its loyal neighborhood-theater customers with four serials annually. The studio made news in 1929 by hiring Tim McCoy to star in its first all-talking serial, "The Indians Are Coming!" Epic footage from this western serial turned up again and again in later serials and features. In 1936 Universal scored a coup by licensing the popular comic-strip character Flash Gordon for the screen; the serial was a smash hit, and was even booked into first-run theaters that usually didn't bother with chapter plays. Universal followed it up with more pop-culture icons: The Green Hornet and Ace Drummond from radio, and Smilin' Jack and Buck Rogers from newspapers. Universal was more story-conscious than the other studios, and cast its serials with "name" actors recognizable from feature films: Lon Chaney, Jr., Béla Lugosi, Dick Foran, The Dead End Kids, Kent Taylor, Robert Armstrong, Irene Hervey, and Johnny Mack Brown, among many others. In the 1940s Universal's serials employed urban and wartime themes, incorporating newsreel footage of actual disasters. The 1942 serial "Gang Busters" is perhaps the best of Universal's wartime serials; Universal often cannibalized it for future cliffhangers. The studio's reliance on stock footage for the big action scenes was certainly economical, but it often hurt the overall quality of the films. When the studio reorganized as Universal-International, it shut down most of the production units, including the serial crew. Universal's last serial was "The Mysterious Mr. M" (1946).
Republic was the successor to Mascot Pictures, a serial specialist. Writers and directors were already geared to staging exciting films, and Republic improved on Mascot, adding music to underscore the action, and staging more elaborate stunts. Republic was one of Hollywood's smaller studios, but its serials have been hailed as some of the best, especially those directed by John English and William Witney. In addition to solid screenwriting that many critics thought was quite accomplished, the firm also introduced choreographed fistfights, which often included the stuntmen (usually the ones portraying the villains, never the heroes) throwing things in desperation at one another in every fight to heighten the action. Republic serials are noted for outstanding special effects, such as large-scale explosions and demolitions, and the more fantastic visuals like Captain Marvel and Rocketman flying. Most of the trick scenes were engineered by Howard and Theodore Lydecker. Republic was able to get the rights to the newspaper comic character Dick Tracy, the radio character The Lone Ranger, and the comic book characters Captain America, Captain Marvel, and Spy Smasher. Republic's serial scripts were written by a team of up to seven writers. By 1950 Republic had amassed an impressive backlog of action highlights, which were cleverly re-edited into later serials to save money. Most of the studio's serials of the 1950s were written by only one man, Ronald Davidson -- Davidson had produced many serials. Republic's last serial was "King of the Carnival" (1955), a reworking of 1939's "Daredevils of the Red Circle" using some of its footage.
Columbia made several serials using its own staff and facilities (1938-39, and 1943-45), but usually subcontracted its serial production to outside producers: the Weiss Brothers (1937-38), Larry Darmour (1939-42), and Sam Katzman (1945-56). Columbia built many serials around name-brand heroes. From newspaper comics, they got Terry and the Pirates, Mandrake the Magician, The Phantom. and Brenda Starr, Reporter; from the comic books, Blackhawk, Congo Bill, a time traveler named Brick Bradford, and Batman and Superman (although this last owed more to its radio incarnation, which the credits acknowledged); from radio, Jack Armstrong and Hop Harrigan; from the pulp novels the Spider and The Shadow (despite also being a very popular radio series); from the British novelist, Edgar Wallace, the first archer-superhero, The Green Archer; and even from television: Captain Video. Columbia's early serials were very well received by audiences—exhibitors voted "The Spider's Web" (1938) the number-one serial of the year. Former silent-serial director James W. Horne co-directed "The Spider's Web", and his work secured him a permanent position in Columbia's serial unit. Horne had been a comedy specialist in the 1930s, often working with Laurel and Hardy, and most of his Columbia serials are played tongue-in-cheek, with exaggerated villainy and improbable heroics (the hero takes on six men in a fistfight and "wins"). After Horne's death in 1942, the studio's serial output was somewhat more sober, but still aimed primarily at the juvenile audience. "Batman" (1943) was quite popular, and "Superman" (1948) was phenomenally successful. Spencer Gordon Bennet, another silent-serial veteran, directed most of the later Columbia serials. His western-themed efforts were suitably accomplished, but Columbia cut corners in every respect until the quality of the serials suffered. Columbia also substituted animation for more expensive special effects. By the 1950s Columbia serials were low-budget affairs, consisting mostly of action scenes and cliffhanger endings from older productions, and even employing the same actors for new scenes tying the old footage together. Columbia outlasted the other serial producers, its last cliffhanger being "Blazing the Overland Trail", (1956), a threadbare melange of western footage from "three" older serials.
Availability.
Film serials released to the home video market from original masters include the majority of Republic titles (with a few exceptions, such as "Ghost of Zorro")—which were released by Republic Pictures Home Video on VHS and sometimes laserdisc (sometimes under their re-release titles) mostly from transfers made from the original negatives, "The Shadow", and "Blackhawk", both released by Sony only on VHS, and DVD versions of "Flash Gordon", "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars", and "Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe" (Hearst), "Adventures of Captain Marvel" (Artisan), "Batman" and "Batman and Robin" (Sony), "Superman" and "Atom Man vs. Superman" (Warner), and "The Green Hornet" (VCI). Notable restorations of partially lost or forgotten serials such as "The Adventures of Tarzan", "Beatrice Fairfax", "The Lone Ranger Rides Again", and "King of the Mounties" have been developed and made available to fans by The Serial Squadron. A gray market for DVDs also exists consisting of DVD companies releasing titles from privately owned 16mm prints or even copies of previously released VHS or laserdisc editions, and various websites and internet auctions. These DVDs vary between good and poor quality, depending on their source.
Public domain.
Several serials are now in the public domain. These can often be downloaded legally over the internet or purchased as cheap DVDs. The list of public domain serials include:
Selected film serials.
Serials of the golden age of serials.
The "golden age" of serials is generally from 1936 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="9647476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647476" title="Christiania Theatre">
Christiania Theatre

Christiania Theatre, or "Kristiania Theatre," was Norway's finest stage for the spoken drama between October 4, 1836 (opening date) - September 1, 1899. It was located at Bankplassen by the Akershus Fortress in central Christiania, in Norway. It was the first lasting public theatre in Norway and the national stage of Norway and of Oslo during the 19th century. 
History.
Christiania Theatre was the first long term public theatre in Oslo. Since the 18th century, there had been several attempts to start a public theatre in Oslo: between November 1771 and February 1772, public theatre was played by Norwegian traveling actors in the court house led by the Swedish actor Martin Nürenbach. This was however not to be permanent, and although Det Dramatiske Selskap (The Dramatic Club) from 1780 onward performed plays in Gevaexthuset (since the 1760s a concert house), this was a private amateur theatre exclusively for the upper classes rather than a public theatre. 
The first public theatre was instead to be the theatre of the Swedish theatre director Johan Peter Strömberg, who opened in 1827. This was also to be the beginning of the Christiania Theatre. Due to the lack of native actors, Strömberg was forced to hire Danish actors and became unpopular when he performed a play about the Union between Sweden and Norway: he went bankrupt in 1828. The theatre was renamed Christiania Danish Theatre and became a Danish theatre. The first opera performed in public in Norway, "Deux mots" by French composer Nicolas Dalayrac, was performed here in 1831, directed by August Schrumpf with Augusta Smith in the main role. After the building burnt down on 5 November 1835, it was reinstated with the name Christiania Theatre in 1837.
Over next few years an avid debate developed with strong criticism of the Danish dominancy of the arts. Christiania Theatre only employed Danish actors during its first history for which it was criticized. The reason given was that there was not an acting school in Norway and that the Norwegian actors were therefore not good enough. The Norwegian language conflict often centering around Norwegian writers who gradually adopted distinctly Norwegian vocabulary in their work. Henrik Wergeland may have been the first to do so. Art critic Johan Sebastian Welhaven was one of the conservatives who took out against the theories of the extreme nationalists. The Danish troupe was eventually mixed up with Norwegian actors after the employment of Norwegian actress and prima donna Laura Gundersen in 1849. 
The foundation of the first Norwegian theatre in Oslo, Christiania Norwegian Theatre in 1852, was but a temporary rival, as it was forced to close down in 1862. The theatre was a result of the controversy surrounding the Norwegian and Danish languages and was created as a counterpoint to the Danish language dominated Christiania Theatre. Henrik Ibsen was artistic director of the Christiania Norwegian Theatre from the autumn of 1857 and served as the theatre leading director until its bankruptcy in 1862.
From 1856, the Christiania Theatre promised to employ native actors. In 1872, Norwegian became the stage language. Ibsen's famous play "Peer Gynt" premiered here in 1876, as well as a large number of important Norwegian productions, including productions of Norway's other national bard at the time, Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson. During the continued run of "Peer Gynt" a fire started on the performing night of January 15, 1877 that heavily damaged the theatre, but luckily the theatre could later be repaired. Christiania Theatre was during its years in use seen as Norway's national stage for drama until the Nationaltheatret was opened on 1 September 1899, with Bjorn Bjornson as theatre director and a large part of the ensemble from the Christiania Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="9647479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647479" title="Misery Index / Structure of Lies">
Misery Index / Structure of Lies

Misery Index / Structure of Lies is a split CD between American deathgrind band Misery Index and death metal band Structure of Lies. Misery Index's tracks were recorded in March 2002, at Uncle Punchies Studio, engineered by Uncle Punchy.
Track listing.
Tracks 5–7: All music and lyrics written by Misery Index.

</doc>
<doc id="9647484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647484" title="Osaka Conference of 1875">
Osaka Conference of 1875

The was a meeting held by the major leaders of the Meiji Restoration in Osaka, Japan from January-February 1875 to address the issue of forming a representative assembly.
The leaders present included Okubo Toshimichi, Kido Takayoshi, Itagaki Taisuke, Ito Hirobumi, and Inoue Kaoru. In 1873, Itagaki had withdrawn from the government over the "Seikanron" issue, and was now loudly agitating for representative democracy as the leader of the Freedom and People's Rights Movement. Likewise, in 1874, Kido had withdrawn from the government due to his opposition to the Taiwan Expedition of 1874.
The remaining Meiji oligarchs called for a meeting in Osaka in early 1873 in an attempt to reconcile differences and to persuade Itagaki and Kido to return to the government. As concessions, it was agreed that a Senate (Genrōin) would be established, along with an Assembly of Prefectural Governors. A new Supreme Court, called the Great Court of Cassation "(Daishin-in)" would also be established to separate the judiciary from the legislative branches of government.
The decisions reached at the Osaka Conference were officially sanctioned by an Imperial Proclamation in April 1875.
Although on the surface, the oligarchs appeared to be creating a form of representative assembly, the "Genrōin" and the Assembly of Prefectural Governors were appointive rather than elective, and were dominated by conservative bureaucrats, and in the same year, the first of the Peace Preservation Laws were enacted to suppress the liberal movement.

</doc>
<doc id="9647485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647485" title="Dissent (EP)">
Dissent (EP)

Dissent is an EP by American deathgrind band Misery Index.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics written by Misery Index, unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="9647493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647493" title="Hang Em High (EP)">
Hang Em High (EP)

Hang Em High is a 7" EP by American deathgrind band Misery Index. It was released on February 8, 2007, to coincide with their 2007 European tour. 1000 were to be made originally, but this was later reduced to 800 due to a problem at the pressing plant.
Alongside the new tracks, it features an acoustic version of the song "Discordia" from the album "Discordia".

</doc>
<doc id="9647499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647499" title="GFHA">
GFHA

GFHA could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9647504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647504" title="History of fire safety legislation in the United Kingdom">
History of fire safety legislation in the United Kingdom

The history of fire safety legislation in the United Kingdom formally covers the period from the formation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1801 but is founded in the history of such legislation in England and Wales, and Scotland before 1707, and that of the Kingdom of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800.
While much British legislation applied to the United Kingdom as a whole, Scotland and Northern Ireland often had their own versions of the legislation, with slight differences. United Kingdom legislation before 1922 remained in force in the Irish Free State after its independence in that year. 
Legislation from predecessor states.
At the time of the creation of the United Kingdom in 1801, England, Scotland, and Great Britain had some legislation already in place dealing with the issues of fire safety.
Kingdom of England.
As a result of the Great Fire of London, which started on 2 September 1666, it was soon clear that the wooden construction of London's buildings had added greatly to the spread of the fire. As a result, King Charles II issued a proclamation saying that all buildings were to be built out of stone and roads were to be widened.
The English Government looked at legislation and introduced laws aimed specifically at fire prevention. The London Cooking Fire Bylaw 1705, specifically prohibited open fires in the attics of thatched buildings.
Kingdom of Scotland.
Following several fires in Edinburgh in 1698 an "Act Regulating the Manner of Building within the Town of Edinburgh" was passed which required that no buildings should exceed five storeys.
Kingdom of Great Britain.
The Fires Prevention (Metropolis) Act 1774.
The Fires Prevention (Metropolis) Act placed buildings into seven classes, with the required thicknesses of the external and party walls stipulated for each of the classes. It also included provisions stating a maximum floor area for stores and warehouses. The Act also brought into being the first legislation that dealt with human life and escape, rather than just building safety. The Act stated that London boroughs were to appoint Surveyors and "every parish should provide three or more proper ladders of one, two and three storeys high, for assisting persons in houses on fire to escape therefrom".
United Kingdom legislation.
Explosives Act 1875.
Under the Explosives Act, many fire brigades took on the responsibility for the safe storage of explosives. The Explosives Act was partly repealed when the Manufacture and Storage of Explosives Regulations 2005 (SI 2005 No. 1082) was brought into being but the inspection and licensing remained much the same.
Petroleum (Consolidation) Act 1928.
Under the 1928 Act, the storage of petroleum and petroleum products, whether in underground/above ground tanks or storage cabinets, required a licence issued by the Licensing Authority. In the Metropolitan areas, this was the Fire Authority. In the County authorities, it was the Local Authority but usually this was devolved down to the Fire Service. The Petroleum (Consolidation) Act 1928 as amended by Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmospheres Regulations 2002 (SI 2002 No. 2776), changed the licensing regime and now only requires that anyone operating a petrol filling station have a licence.
Building Byelaws & Building Regulations.
Under the London Building Acts 1930-39 powers were granted to make building byelaws and the first set issued in 1938 covered many of the constructional matters previously contained in the earlier Acts. Special powers in London (Section 20 Buildings) were also granted in respect of means of escape from certain new and existing buildings based on their height and use. Outside of London individual local authorities could make local building byelaws under the Public Health Act 1936.
However, these local building byelaws were not entirely satisfactory in that local authorities were not obliged to make or adopt them, and many did not.
The Public Health Act 1936 was therefore amended by the Public Health Act 1961 to permit the making of one set of national building regulations to replace the 1,400 sets of local byelaws. The first national Building Regulations for England and Wales were made in 1965. However, these only required physical fire safety for the structure of all new, altered or extended buildings.
In 1974 the fire safety scope (of the building regulations in England and Wales) was extended through use of the then new powers given by the Fire Precautions Act 1971, to include minimum safety provisions for "means of escape in case of fire".
Thus the first Building Regulations (for E & W) to require "general fire precautions" for "the safe means of escape in case of fire" were made in 1974. In practice, these "m-o-e" building regulations drew in large part upon the design guidance & recommendations of the then rather oddly titled "CP3 Chapter 4 "Code of Practice for Means of Escape in Buildings", issued by the BSI (British Standards Institute) in 1971.
Building Regulations (E&W) were not retrospective, in their effect. So when minimum fire safety measures were improved in revised issues of the Building Regulations documents, existing buildings (which were not being otherwise altered, or extended) were not legally required to adopt these new minimum standards. Thus "as originally built" building can be in a time-warp until the advent of the reforming "Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005". As this requires adequate and sufficient "General Fire Precautions" suitable for the current users and use, of any given building, to be provided by the "responsible person" for each building.
This did lead to a rather unsatisfactory mishmash of fire safety in the English and Welsh building stock.
The Fire Safety Order 2005 now requires the "responsible person " for each building to carry out or commission from a competent person a "Fire Risk Assessment" to ensure that the "general fire precautions" within a particular building are "fit for the purposes that that building is being currently put to". So the current use of an old building by today's occupiers and users has to taken into account, in arriving at the appropriate general fire precautions. Thus both proportionate and appropriate remedial "fire safety" works may be necessary to discharge the "responsible persons" legal duty, to control or reduce the risk to life from fire in a building.
Factories Act 1937.
In 1937 the Factories Act 1901, was extended to cover means of escape in case of fire. The Act required that the factory owner have a 'plan of escape' in case of fire and brought in the first rudimentary fire certificates.
Fire Services Act 1947.
Before 1947, issues of fire safety were in the hands of the local authority and the legal enforcement of issues under the Factories Act and Office Shops and Railway Premises Act, were dealt with by the local authority having usually devolved this down to the Fire Brigade. The introduction of the Fire Services Act 1947 gave the Fire Brigade its first responsibilities for fire safety. Section 1 of the Fire Services Act defined the duties of a fire brigade and further went to say under section 1, sub-section 1 paragraph F, commonly referred to as 11(F), that a fire brigade must give advice and assistance on matters of fire prevention if so requested by any person. The Act did not however give any other powers to the fire brigade in terms of inspection and enforcement.
Factories Act 1961.
A fire at the Eastwood Mills, Keighley, Yorkshire in February 1956, in which 8 people died, resulted in the Act being further amended in 1959 giving the fire brigades the power to inspect factories for fire safety, finally in 1961 the Act was re-written to consolidate all the changes. The fire certificates were also updated to include not only means of escape but also provision for fighting fire and structural fire separation.
Licensing Act 1961.
On 1 May 1961, a fire occurred at the Top Storey Club in Bolton, Lancashire which resulted in the deaths of nineteen people. Fourteen died in the building and five were killed attempting to jump out of windows into the canal that ran alongside the building. The Licensing Act was almost immediately amended to update the requirements for safety in case of fire.
Offices, Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963.
In June 1960, a fire broke out in the William Henderson & Sons, Liverpool department store. Ten people were trapped in the fourth floor and one man fell to his death whilst assisting others to safety from a window ledge.
This fire prompted the Government to amend the Office Shops and Railway Premises Act (OSRA) in line with the Factories Act 1961 and in 1963 a new OSRA was introduced
Fire Precautions Act 1971.
On Boxing Day 1969, a fire at the Rose and Crown Hotel, Saffron Walden killed eleven people whilst seventeen were rescued. The fire prompted the Government to look at the whole structure of fire safety legislation and in 1971, the Fire Precautions Act was passed into law.
This act combined the fire sections of the Factories Act and the Office Shops and Railway Premises Act and brought in new premises like hotels. The Act was an open designating act, in other words, the Secretary of State could designate any premises he wanted to be covered by the Act.
The Fire Precautions Act 1971 came into force in 1972, when hotels and boarding houses were the first class of premises to be designated. Under the Fire Precautions (Hotels and Boarding Houses) Order 1972, Statutory Instrument (SI) 1972 /238) any premises where there was sleeping accommodation for more than 6 persons (staff or guests) or sleeping accommodation above the first floor required a fire certificate issued by the local fire authority.
The responsibility for enforcing the Act fell on the Fire Service except in Crown Premises where Her Majesties Inspectors of Fire Service (HMIFS) carried out the enforcement.
The Fire Precautions (Factories, Offices Shops and Railways Premises) Order 1976, amended in 1989 (SI 1989/76), further designated premises to bring under into the Act any premises. by RR(FS)O 2005 1st Oct 2006
The Fire Precautions Act was later amended in 1987 by laying down stipulations that the occupier of the premises must take into consideration, these were known as Interim Arrangements, the occupier, having made an application for a fire certificate, now had a duty to ensure that
Premises that fell outside of these rules did not have to have a fire certificate but had to provide limited fire safety by virtue of Section 9A of the Act
The Act gave new powers to the fire brigades by virtue of Section 10 of the Act. This allowed premises to be shut down if they were dangerous and there was a serious risk of imminent danger from fire for persons in the premises (Prohibition Notice). This prohibition of use was a catchall and gave powers to close premises such as houses in multiple occupation, self-employed and all premises falling outside the designated groups except single private dwellings.
The major problem with the Act was that it only applied to the designated premises. Places of public entertainment such as cinemas, theatres and nightclubs were never designated so the powers of inspection and enforcement remained with the local authority licensing department.
In many areas, the fire brigade carried out the inspections on behalf of the licensing department, but had no powers other than those granted by the Section 10 - Prohibition Notice.
The Fire Precautions Act 1971 and its 'Fire Certificates" were totally repealed and replaced by the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005, which came into full force on 1 October 2006 (in England and Wales).
The Fire Precautions (Factories, Offices, Shops and Railway Premises) Regulations 1976.
The Fire Precautions (Factories, Offices, Shops and Railway Premises) Regulations 1976 amended 1989, gave some updates to the FPA and cleared several points about self-employed workers, the numbers of hours worked (part-time workers) and how aggregation of these could be used to bring some "grey" premises into the scope of requiring a fire certificate. It also brought in exemptions from the requirement to have a fire certificate in certain small premises.
Fire Certificate (Special Premises) Regulations 1976.
Following several small fires in chemical plants and a major explosion and fire at the Nypro plant in Flixborough on 1 June 1974, the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) decided to issue fire certificates to major chemical and other risks but to keep it within their jurisdiction and they brought out the Fire Certificates (Special Premises) Regulations 1976 (SI 1976/2003), enforced by them on a similar line to the 1971 Fire Precautions Act.
These regulations were brought in to require premises having over a threshold quantity or using certain of named hazardous substances to possess a fire certificate. The regulations were unusual as they applied to the whole site rather than a single premise or building. The only exception to the regulations was premises where explosives were manufactured or stored as these were covered by the Explosives Act 1875.
Building Act 1984.
In England & Wales, the powers to make building regulations were consolidated and re-enacted in 1984. All Building Regulations made by the 'Secretary of State' since then, have included minimum fire safety measures (for both physical fire resistance and safe means of escape) for all new, extended or altered buildings. The current building regulation's 'Fire Safety' documents were last revised and issued in 2006.
See "Approved Document - Part B - Fire Safety Vol 1 & 2" (Available to download free from The UK Government's "Planning Portal" website.
See bcfiresafetypartb
A major simplification and enlargement of the scope of the English & Welsh fire safety laws was implemented by the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 (RR(FS)O 2005 in force 1 October 2006). The new Fire Safety Order again amended and extended the scope of fire safety provision within the Building Regulations 2000.
Building Regulation (Reg.16B) now require a developer or architect to hand over "sufficient" fire safety information to the buildings future "responsible person", so they may commission an appropriate "Fire Risk Assessment", for the new building and its occupiers and/or users.
Note. The Building Regulations and Fire Safety Laws are different, but similar, in both Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Fire Safety and Safety of Places of Sport Act 1987.
Following a fire on 11 May 1985 at the Bradford City football ground in which 56 people died a committee was set up to examine the Safety of Sports Grounds Act 1975. They recommended that the Act be re-written as the Fire Safety and Safety of Places of Sport Act. The Act did not replace the Fire Precautions Act but gave more powers to the local Building Control Authority & Fire Authority. These powers included the power to charge for the issue of a Fire Certificate.
"(Modified and partially replaced by the RR(Fire Safety) Order 2005 - See below.)"
Fire Precautions (Sub Surface Railway Stations) 1989.
"(Updated and Replaced in 2010 by regulations made under RR(FS))O 2005.)"
Following a serious fire at the Kings Cross Underground Station on November 18, 1987, which resulted in the loss of 31 lives, including Station Officer Colin Townsley of the London Fire Brigade.
The Fire Precautions (Sub-surface Railway Stations) Regulations 1989 (SI 1989/1401) were made under Section 12 of the Fire Precautions Act 1971 and brought into effect on 18 September 1989.
"(Updated and Replaced in 2010 by regulations made under RR(FS))O 2005.)"
Fire Precautions (Workplace) Regulations 1997.
"(Repealed and Totally Replaced by the RR(Fire Safety) Order 2005 - See below.)"
In the early 1990s, the government was required to implement several European directives including one on fire safety. It was at the height of deregulation and the government, architects, commerce and industry considered that fire brigades were too inflexible and demanded belt and braces solutions. They and the directive called for a new approach to fire safety and demanded a cheaper and more flexible system. They decided the prescriptive method used by the fire service should be replaced by a more flexible fire risk assessment approach and consequently the Fire Precautions (Workplace) Regulations 1997 (SI 1997/1840) was placed on the statute books using section 12 of the 1971 Act. They also wanted the responsibility of implementing the legislation to be removed from the fire service and placed on the employers, but the fire service would be the enforcing authority and police the legislation. It was implemented using the Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations, 1992 (MHSAW) amended 1999.
These regulations differed from the previous fire safety legislation in that they introduced the concept of risk assessment in a style similar to the Heath and Safety at Work Act 1974
The Workplace Regulations also brought in a new form of enforcement of the legislation. Under the Fire Precautions Act, Section 10 gave the fire brigade the power to close a premises if there was serious danger from fire however there was very little they could do to bring a premises up to standard. Section 4 of the Fire Precautions Act did give some limited powers to issue a 'Notice of Steps' to be taken to correct any defects.
The Workplace Regulations retained the power of prohibition and also brought in a new enforcement method, the 'Improvement Notice'. This notice allowed the fire brigade to serve notice of any defects and give a reasonable time scale as to when the work should be completed, failure to complete the work in that time could result in prosecution.
The Fire Precautions (Workplace) (Amendment) Regulations 1999.
The Fire Precautions (Workplace) (Amendment) Regulations 1999 (S.I. 1999/1877), were a result of European Communities Act 1972, brought the UK legislation up to a standard that met the fire safety requirements of two health and safety European Directives, 89/391/EEC and 89/654/EEC, adopted in 1989. The amendments were laid before Parliament on July 7, 1999 and became law on December 1, 1999.
Unfortunately, they did not revoke sections 5 to 9 of the Fire Precautions Act, which required fire certificates; consequently, the legislation now ran in parallel with the Workplace Regulations but secondary to it. Employers or persons having overall control of the workplace were made responsible under the regulations to implement and conduct fire safety risk assessments, also produce a record if they employ more than five people. The Fire Brigades enforce the regulations and conduct limited inspections to ensure employers are carrying out their responsibilities.
Licensing Act 2003.
"(modified by the RR(Fire Safety) Order 2005 - See below.)"
Licensed premises covered a number of types of establishment, places where alcohol was sold or consumed, "theatres", "cinemas" and "places of entertainment".
Many of these premises fell outside the scope of the Fire Precautions Act 1971 but had their own legislation, such as the Theatres Act and the Cinemas Act, which contained within them, their own fire regulations. Most of these acts have now been amended or repealed and their fire precautions now fall under the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2006 or Licensing Act 2003.
The Licensing Act 2003 introduced a requirement for licences to sell or supply alcohol, provide regulated entertainment or provide late night refreshment with the licence holder serving notice of application directly upon the fire and rescue authority. This amended or repealed much of the old licensing legislation, Theatres Act 1968, Cinemas Act 1985, Gaming Acts 1968 & 1990 and Licensing Act 1964.
Laws such as the Local Government Miscellaneous Provisions Act 1976 were major legislation but contain sections covering fire safety of some outdoors events, private film shows, neon signs and some licensed premises which fell outside the scope of the 2003 Act. There were also numerous local Acts such as the Greater Manchester Act 1981, which give the fire brigade powers to control flammable stacks, night cafes and licence underground car parks.
The old acts by RR(FS)O 2005 1st Oct 2006 which controlled licensing caused much confusion as there were conflicts in who enforced the various parts of the legislation and where it was to be enforced.
Licensed premises (pubs, clubs, cinemas, theatres) where classed as providing a service, not as shops so did not normally fall within the designated groups in the FPA so some never needed fire certificates. However, the local authority who issued the licence usually asked the fire brigade to inspect plans and carry out inspections, which led to confusion amongst even fire safety officers.
Coupled with all this, materials such as celluloid have been recognised as highly flammable since early days of its usage, and acts such as the Celluloid and Cinematograph Films Act 1922 and the Cinematograph Act 1952 gave the fire brigade powers to take samples of film and test them for flammability even though they were not the enforcing authority.
Other licensing legislation such as the licensing of underground car parks by means of a local act such as the Greater Manchester Act only applied where local acts existed so one authority licensed and the next one didn't. There were also arguments about definitions of shops etc., further confusing the issues.
Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004.
The Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004 (England and Wales - see below) laid out in Section 6 what the fire service must do in relation to fire safety. It states that a fire and rescue authority must make provision for the purpose of promoting fire safety in its area not only by the enforcement of specific fire safety legislation, but also by a proactive strategy targeted at all sections of the community by:
This has meant that the service has had to change its fire safety strategies and now include public education as well as legal enforcement. All fire and rescue services today have specialist departments dealing with community fire safety education. The job of these departments is to not only educate by talking to school children and vulnerable areas of the community, but to assist the public, with many FRS running campaigns, offering free smoke detectors as part of the drive to reduce deaths in the home.
Housing Act 2004.
This Act reformed (and expanded) the former narrow "unfitness standard". And gave (in England and Wales)all Environmental Health Officers, strong enforcement powers, to inspect any dwelling (rented, leased, owner-occupied, or what ever) for the 23 defined "Hazards" - this is known as the HHSRS toolbox - "Housing Health and Safety Rating System" toolbox. 
An EHO may order the removal of any of these Hazards where it is a "Cat 1" risk to the dwellings occupier(s). EHOs can enforce non-action and carry out remedial works, and recharge the dwelling with the costs. Moreover, owners of dwellings can also be prosecuted for any of the 23 defined hazards.
"Fire Safety" is one of the defined Hazards. EHOs may use their powers on single-family dwellings independently from the Fire Authorities powers under the Fire Safety order 2005, to require adequate and sufficient fire safety measures in existing dwellings.
This Housing Act carries on the long British legal tradition (which started with the Housing Act of 1875) that owners and/or occupiers may not put anyone in danger by their actions or inactions, and must act to protect their neighbours. 
Where they fail to so, the Local Council's EHO's have a duty to consider taking appropriate legal action to protect the community at large. (Womack and Bone LLP)
Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005.
In 2000, the Government in the form of the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister (OPDM) set up a review of the fire safety legislation led by the Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott MP and found that there some 80 Acts of Parliament or parts of Acts which specified fire safety legislation. In order to revamp the whole thing and bringing it up to date, they decided to take all the odd bits of fire legislation and place it under the umbrella of the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005, which became law in October 2006 - it applies to England and Wales only.
The major change in the legislation was that it brought in the concept of risk assessment rather than prescriptive codes.
The Fire Precautions Act had relied on codes and guides for its implementation, the Fire Precautions (Workplace) Regulations had changed that a little by introducing risk assessment as a way of complying, but because the requirement for a fire certificate was never repealed, the guides and codes were still used as a prescriptive means of applying the law. The RR(FS)O took it one step further and implemented fully a risk assessment based regime.
The Fire Safety Order lays out the foundation of the fire risk assessment by saying that the "responsible person" (employer, person in control of the building, or the owner) must take into account for the safety of their employees and anyone else who may lawfully on or near their premises.
The following matters (to protect their employees and anyone else who may lawfully on or near their premises.):
The Fire Safety Order then tells the "responsible person" (employer, person in control of the building, or the owner) how they must assess these items in order to protect their employees and anyone else who may lawfully on or near their premises.
The Fire Safety Order 2005 now requires the "responsible person" for each building to carry out or commission from a competent person a Fire Risk Assessment to ensure that the general fire precautions within a particular building are fit for the purposes that that building is being currently put to. So the current use of an old building by today's occupiers and users has to taken into account, in arriving at the appropriate general fire precautions. Thus, both proportionate and appropriate remedial "fire safety" works may be necessary to discharge the "responsible persons" legal duty, to control or reduce the risk to life from fire in a building. (Womack & Bone LLP)
The wider scope of UK fire safety law 1st October 2006.
The Fire Safety Order 2005 applies to all buildings, except for private dwellings but the FSO does apply to communal areas/escape routes. However the Health and Safety Executive enforce the FSO on construction sites.
Enforcement.
The ongoing 'audit' and 'enforcement' of both the required "Fire Risk Assessments" and the necessary 'General Fire Precautions' in any premise subject to the Fire Safety Order 2005, is the legal duty on the local (UK) Fire Authority.
Fire Authorities should follow up on their audit and inspection of any premise and they may order additional fire precautions or even issue a prohibition notice, to prevent the use of a very dangerous building.
Name and Shame: All Enforcement and Prohibition Notices have to be published, by each Fire Authority - A Public Register must be kept by each Fire Authority. Most FA publish this register on their public websites. Even if a 'responsible person' does react quickly to a notice, and complies with its requirements, the fact of the notice being served, must remain on this publicly accessible register, for 3 years after date of compliance.
Fire Authorities can also issue informal "action plans" or issue informal "notice of fire safety deficiencies" letters.
Failure of the "responsible person" to implement a Fire Risk Assessment's recommendations, or to follow (within the time limit specified by the Fire Authority) up on a Fire Authorities informal "Action Plan" or "NFSD" letter, will usually lead to a formal enforcement order being issued.
And if the Enforcement Notice" or "Prohibition Notice" is ignored then Court Action for these criminal offenses, will be taken by the local Fire Authority. Crown Courts may imprison the "responsible person" for up to two years for each breach of any of the Fire Safety Order's articles. And/or impose fines of up to £10,000 for each breach of any of the Fire Safety Order's articles, on individuals. 
Crown Courts may impose Unlimited fines on any company, breaching the requirements and legal duties imposed by the Fire Safety Order 2005. Already Fines of £300,000 to £400,000 have been imposed on two major company's for their corporate fie safety failings under the RR(FS)O 2005. In addition, to these fines, the Legal costs of bringing the successful prosecution may also be recovered from the convicted 'fire criminal'.
HHSRS One should not forget the parallel powers of each local Council's EHO (Environmental Health officer) to enforce "fire safety" within both single dwellings and/or in blocks of flats and buildings providing 'Housing in Multiple Occupation'(HMO), under their Housing Act 2004 (HHSRS/"unfittness") powers. "Owners of HMOs may need a renewable licence to operate, from the local authority EHO." 
Enforcement Concordat: A Fire Authority may and sometimes do pass a 'fire safety complaint' over to the local Housing Authority.
"Beds-in-Sheds" - English Fire Authorities have recently, started to prosecute owners and operators of illegally built or converted "dwellings" in non-habitable buildings, such as 'domestic garages in gardens' and 'disused' offices, public houses, factories, under the Fire Safety Order 2005.
Name and Shame.
All UK Fire Authorities are legally required to publish the (responsible persons) name and the premises address, for which they have issued an Enforcement Notice, or an Improvement Notice, or a Prohibition Notice, under their powers given to them by the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005. Many Fire Authorities have put these lists on their websites.
Most Fire Authorities ""Name and Shame"" lists also indicate which "Notices" are "still outstanding" or "now complied with". For Example: See the "London Fire Brigade" website at http://www.london-fire.gov.uk/Notices.asp. (Womack & Bone LLP)
Penalties.
Enforcement action has been taken by many Fire Authorities. Several owners, and landlords have been taken to court, and heavily fined. A growing number of landlords have been jailed, for persistent breeches of the Fire Safety Order.
Crown Courts may imprison the "responsible person" for up to two years for each breach of any of the Fire Safety Order's articles. And/or impose fines of up to £10,000 for each breach of any of the Fire Safety Order's articles, on individuals. Crown Courts may impose Unlimited fines on any company, breaching the requirements and legal duties imposed by the Fire Safety Order 2005. Already Fines of £300,000 to £400,000 have been imposed on two major company's for their corporate fie safety failings under the RR(FS)O 2005. In addition, to these fines, the Legal costs of bringing the successful prosecution may also be recovered from the convicted 'fire criminal'.
Every "real" fire is now followed up by the local Fire Authority's fire safety inspectors.
Case Law.
The English Court of Appeal has, on 16 June 2010, upheld a Crown Court's fine of £400,000 (with additional legal costs of £150,000) against New look Retailers Ltd. Following a major fire in the New Look Oxford Street shop, whilst no one was hurt, the building was lost and Oxford Street was closed for two days. [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Crim/2010/1268.html]
Scotland and Northern Ireland.
The equivalent legislation in Scotland to the Regulatory Reform Order is the Fire (Scotland) Act 2005. Its scope (in Scotland) covers what the RRO and the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004 covers in England and Wales. Part 3 of the act deals specifically with fire safety. In October 2006, the Fire Safety (Scotland) Regulations 2006 SI 456 also came into effect. Legislation in Scotland relating to fire and rescue services and fire safety comes under the auspices of the Scottish Executive.
In Northern Ireland, the equivalent legislation is the Fire and Rescue Services (Northern Ireland) Order 2006 SI No 1254 (NI9) (it is a statutory instrument).
Links to legislation.
fire precautions

</doc>
<doc id="9647508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647508" title="Patibandla">
Patibandla

Patibandla is a village located north-west of Guntur, in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It contains a Catholic church.

</doc>
<doc id="9647532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647532" title="Perth College UHI">
Perth College UHI

Perth College UHI provides further education and higher education in the city of Perth, Scotland, through a main campus, a network of learning centres and by distance learning. 
It runs a wide range of courses, including degrees, through its membership of the University of the Highlands and Islands, as well as work-based learning and vocational training. Degrees available include aircraft engineering, music, child and youth studies, social sciences and computing.
Most of Perth College UHI’s students are on taught courses on the main campus in Perth, but learning centres across Perth & Kinross provide local people in Blairgowrie, Crieff, Kinross and in Perth city centre with access to training and education too. 
The College owns AST (Air Service Training), which has been delivering aeronautical engineering courses since 1934. AST is UK CAA Approved and based at Perth Airport. Staff from many organisations, including British Airways, BMI, Malaysia Airlines, Aer Lingus, Kuwait Airways, Air Mauritius and Air Seychelles have been trained there.
There is a growing community of international students at Perth College UHI, as its English language school courses are approved by the British Council and it is a member of English UK. 
History.
The College started in the old Academy building on Perth’s Rose Terrace in 1961 offering day-time further education (FE) courses in building trades, before expanding into a centre in Nelson Street (site of the Southern District School) soon afterwards. 
Originally called Perth Technical College, the institution went on to be called Perth College of Further Education. After incorporation it was changed to Perth College. To mark its involvement in the University of the Highlands and Islands it is now Perth College UHI. Gaining university status in 2011 has allowed the institution to award degrees for university courses.
The first part of its Crieff Road campus — the Brahan Building — was officially opened on 16 October 1971 by the then Secretary of State for Scotland, Gordon Campbell. 
Built on the site of the Pullars’ (of dry-cleaning fame) family home, the College cost £1.25 million and had 24 full-time lecturers teaching 700 students.
Current structure.
Today Perth College UHI employs around 500 full-time and part-time teaching and non-teaching staff and has around 7000 student enrolments.
Previously run by the local authority, it is now governed by a Board of Management made up of the Principal, staff representatives and volunteers from business, education and the wider community in and around Perth and Kinross.

</doc>
<doc id="9647536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647536" title="Malabar Marriage Act, 1896">
Malabar Marriage Act, 1896

In 1896, the government of Madras passed the Malabar Marriage Act in response to the recommendations of the Malabar Marriage Commission of 1891. This allowed members of any caste practising "marumakkatayam" (matriliny) in Malabar to register a "sambandham" as a marriage. It was permissive rather than restrictive law: whether or not a relationship was registered was entirely the decision of the people involved in that relationship.
Initiated by the work of Sir C. Sankaran Nair, the measure was largely a failure, with Panikkar noting that in the 20 years following introduction of the Act only six such relationships were registered and that all of those involved family members of Nair himself.
"Sambandham" and "marumakkatayam".
"Sambandham" was a form of relationship perhaps most notably practiced by the Nair caste. Anthropologist Christopher Fuller has said that, "The Nayars' marriage system has made them one of the most famous of all communities in anthropological circles". Thomas Nossiter has commented that their system, which included the pre-pubertal "thalikettu kalyanam" rite and permitted both hypergamy and a form of polyandry, "was so loosely arranged as to raise doubts as to whether 'marriage' existed at all." Men and women could both have several partners, and they could both break away from those partners and take other partners with a minimum of effort.
The "sambandham" relationship was not recognised by the British colonial government, who saw it as akin to concubinage. The civil courts refused jurisdiction, principally because the relationship could so easily be dissolved by either party to it and because there were no rights of property connected to it. The dominant position that the Nambudiri Brahmins held over the region, due to their overwhelming control of landholdings, was seen by those outside the caste system as providing a means for Nambudiri men to gain sexual access to women from the lower-ranked Nair community.
"Marumakkatayam" was also a source of angst among the colonial administrators.
Movement for change.
Expressions of dissatisfaction with "marumakkatayam" became prominent in newspapers of the 1870s and 1880s, and were also voiced by the colonial administrator William Logan in an official report of that period. Matters came to a head in 1890 when Nair introduced a bill seeking legitimisation of the customs in the Madras Legislative Council, causing the administration to establish the Malabar Marriage Commission in 1891. This was to investigate matrilineal customs and was also charged with recommending whether or not legal measures should be used to effect changes to the traditional practices for marriage, family organisation and inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="9647558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647558" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1593">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1593

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1593, adopted on 31 March 2005, after receiving a report by the International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, the Council referred the situation in the Darfur region of Sudan to the International Criminal Court (ICC) and required all states to co-operate fully. It marked the first time the Council had referred a situation to the Court, and also compelled a country to co-operate with it.
Sudan, which is not a permanent member of the ICC under the Rome Statute, refuses to recognise the court's jurisdiction, stated that "the International Criminal Court has no place in this crisis at all."
Adoption.
The resolution was adopted by 11 votes to none against and four abstentions from Algeria, Brazil, China and the United States. The Algerian representative preferred an African Union-devised solution to the problem, Brazil agreed with the resolution but objected to the U.S. view on selective jurisdiction of the Court, the Chinese representative disagreed with some elements of the ICC Statute and argued for the perpatrators to be tried in Sudanese courts, and the United States objected to some provisions of the Court but overall supported humanitarian interests and the fight against impunity.
Resolution.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council referred the situation since 1 July 2002 to the ICC and urged all states to co-operate with the Court, whether or not it was party to the Rome Statute. The ICC and African Union were invited to discuss the practicalities of proceedings relating to the conflict, while the ICC was encouraged to promote the rule of law, human rights and combat impunity in Darfur.
The resolution also emphasised the importance of reconciliation, through the creation of truth commissions for example. Nationals from a state other than Sudan which did not recognise the jurisdiction of the Court would instead be subject to the jurisdiction of that state for acts related to Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="9647570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647570" title="Green River Lake">
Green River Lake

Green River Lake is a reservoir in Adair, Taylor, and Casey counties in Kentucky lying in the section of Kentucky known as the Highland Rim.
The lake was formed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1969 by impounding the Green River. The dam is an 11 mile drive equidistant from the cities of Campbellsville and Columbia. The lake is located 90 miles southeast of Louisville, KY.
The lake is operated and maintained primarily for flood control and has become the major attraction of Green River Lake State Park.
Green River Lake Dam.
The earthen dam (National ID # KY03007), owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers, stands 144 feet high, with a length of 2350 feet at its crest. Its riverine reservoir has a normal surface area of 12.8 square miles, a maximum capacity of 723,200 acre-feet, and normal storage of 244,100 acre-feet. The US$33.4 million construction cost of the Green River Lake Project was authorized by the Flood Control Act of 1938.
Green River Lake is the largest project in the Louisville District—counting both the land and water acreage (33,793 acres). The Green River is the longest river, at 370 miles, to flow completely within the Commonwealth of Kentucky's borders. Green River Lake also is home to the first Interpretative Center, opened in 1972, in the Louisville Engineer District.
Benefits of the Lake.
According to the US Army Corps of Engineers website: "Green River Lake has prevented over $123.39 million in flood damages since impoundment, and in fiscal year 2008 alone the lake generated approximately $34.75 million in visitor expenditures. In addition to flood protection and recreation, Corps lakes provide immeasurable benefits to the local economy.
Prior records:
FY2008
Flood Damages prevention - $123.39 million (total to date)
Visitor Expenditures - 34.75 million
FY2007
Flood Damages prevention - $116.9 million (total to date)
FY2006
Flood Damages prevention - $116.5 million (total to date)
Visitor Expenditures - 34.6 million
FY2004
Flood Damages prevention - 109.2 million (total to date)
Visitor Expenditures - 33.0 million
FY2003
Flood Damages prevention - 101.9 million (total to date)
Visitor Expenditures - 30.3 million
FY2002
Visitor Expenditures - 30.2 million"
Under former Mayor Robert L. Miller, Campbellsville developed a water line from Green River Lake to serve the city, the seat of Taylor County.

</doc>
<doc id="9647582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647582" title="DISCOP">
DISCOP

DISCOP, originally founded in 1991 started as an audiovisual television content market for Eastern Europe. With the fall of the USSR, many countries went through a process of liberalization. The post-USSR transition period saw a bourgeoning media sector where content was needed but a structure was not in place to facilitate the growth. The DISCOP market (the name DISCOP originating from the two words: Discounted "DISCO"- and Programs "-P" ) was organized as a place for representatives of the audiovisual industry in Eastern Europe to be able to access discounted programs, where the prices to buy program rights where more in line with the capacity of the economies in the region.
With the same concept, establishing an audiovisual market in world regions where there are development possibilities for the audiovisual sector, an annual DISCOP television market was launched in 2009 for Sub-Saharan Africa. A new DISCOP market targeting the Broader Middle East, North Africa and Central Asia is also in progress and will have its inaugural edition March 2011 in Istanbul.
The idea behind the market is to facilitate business between buyers and sellers of audiovisual content. In additional there are informative training session such as DISCOPRO (a coproduction seminar) as well as social networking event during and outside of business hours of the three-day events.

</doc>
<doc id="9647588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647588" title="There Goes the Groom">
There Goes the Groom

"There Goes The Groom" is a 1997 Christmas special of the BBC sitcom "Last of the Summer Wine" first shown on 28 December 1997. It was the first to feature Frank thornton as new third man leader Herbert "Truly of the yard" Truelove, the episode is also marked the final appearance of Foggy. 
Synopsis.
Compo and Clegg are off to a stag night where they encounter Herbert Truelove "Truly of the yard" an old school friend, who has retired from the Police force. The Men including the groom, Ronnie, Barry and Foggy have had too much to drink and Truly rings Wesley for a lift.
At Clegg's house, Truly recalls his married life to the former Mrs Truelove. The Picture being far from rosy puts Ronnie off getting married the next morning Barry & Ronnie still, suffering from hangovers are helping Compo, Clegg and Truly by carrying Foggy into the back of Wesley's Landrover still feeling worse for wear from the stag night. They drop off Barry at his & Glenda's house before dropping off Ronnie to get ready for the wedding. But,the groom gets frightened when Truly begins his stories of marriage again and does a bunk on a milk float. Foggy, meanwhile is taken in by the post lady who offers to look after him. Smiler can't work out what to buy for a wedding present and ends up with a vase from Auntie Wainwright's - which he promptly get his hand stuck in.
Compo, Clegg and Truly eventually catch up with Ronnie, who's chained himself to a road sign in the hills They carry him and the sign into Wesley's Land Rover but are stopped by the Police for stealing the sign. Barry's in a panic because he can't find the wedding ring. He remembers giving it to Foggy but he's disappeared. A neighbour tells him the post lady took Foggy away in her car. Collecting Ronnie from the police station, Truly handcuffs Ronnie to himself and they go to Compo's house to show him what a bachelor pad look like in the hope it will encourage him to get married. Ronnie rather likes it!
Next they enlist the help of Marina, who poses as a gypsy and warns Ronnie of the bad life he'll have if he doesn't get married. He finally succumbs. As the ceremony is about to begin, Clegg gets a phone call it is from Foggy saying he is in Blackpool and that he has remembered the ring and has proposed to the post lady 
Trivia.
Originally Truly was meant to be a stand in character for Brian Wilde's Foggy Dewhurst as, just before filming began on the 1997 Christmas special Brian had suffered from a mild infection in his leg which he said he knew would stop me from taking part and elected Frank Thornton to be the new third man leader. But due to a scheduling problem at the BBC meant that Brian, who was by then fully fit, was unable to take part and Frank ended up doing all 12 episodes of the 1998 series.
While Foggy appears in this episode, his face isn't shown and a body double is used in far away shots where he is seen being carried out of the stag night celebration and being put into the back of Wesley's Land Rover to conceal Brian Wilde's absence from the show. 
Former British Olympic medalist athlete and long-term fan of Summer Wine Kriss Akabusi makes a guest appearance as a disgruntled milkman.
References.
30 years of Last of The Summer Wine by Morris Bright & Robert Ross ISBN 0-563-53445-1

</doc>
<doc id="9647594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647594" title="Company man (disambiguation)">
Company man (disambiguation)

Company man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9647597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647597" title="Stockholm Jazz Festival">
Stockholm Jazz Festival

Stockholm Jazz Festival, established in 1980, is an annual jazz festival in Stockholm, Sweden. It is a major summer event of Stockholm and it is spread over several venues across the city.
Overview.
Claiming both an international reputation and to be one of the oldest festivals in Sweden, the Stockholm Jazz Festival celebrated its 20th birthday in 2003, refusing to give up its main venue on Skeppsholmen, since long having a status as the soul of the festival, the unique backdrop of the Stockholm harbour regarded as the distinguishing mark of the festival.
Over the years, arguably all known names in jazz have appeared on stage - including Swedish stars such as Arne Domnérus, Monica Zetterlund, Nils Landgren, Peps Persson, and Lisa Ekdahl, and international giants such as Count Basie, BB King, Stan Getz, Dizzy Gillespie, and Miriam Makeba. For a full list see the external links below.
While the city is contributing SEK 600,000 to the festival , others are asking themselves if the festival is developing in the right direction; commercial ventures occupying much of the cramped festival area, occasionally shouting louder than the laid-back performances on the stage while helping to place international giants within the festival's financial scope, and, as sometimes suggested, the jazz-oriented content gradually dwindling for artists easier to merchandise. For the festival of 2007, however, a national project called "Jazzens år 2007" ("Year of Jazz 2007") is an effort to put focus and add vitality to the genre.
Stockholm Jazzathon.
Stockholm Jazzathon is an attempt to set a new record as the worlds longest jam: a five day, around the clock jazz improvisation featuring over 100 musicians. The concert starts July 11th and is streamed live on stockholmjazzathon.com as a part of the Stockholm Jazz Festival, which starts when the world record is set on the 16th of July 2008.
The record highlights the festival’s 25th anniversary, but the celebration regards the entire jazz scene, with all its different variations.

</doc>
<doc id="9647600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647600" title="KF Kosova Prishtinë">
KF Kosova Prishtinë

Klub Futbollistik Kosova Prishtinë, sometimes KF Kosova (P), is a professional football club based in Pristina, Kosovo. KF Kosova Prishtinë currently plays in the second division of football in Kosovo, Liga e Parë.
KF Kosova Prishtinë are two time champions of Kosovo, both titles won during the 1950s, and one time winner of the Kosovar Cup, won during the 2003/2004 football season.

</doc>
<doc id="9647615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647615" title="Nagar, Rajshahi Division">
Nagar, Rajshahi Division

Nagar is a village in Shajahanpur upzilla in the Bogra district of Bangladesh. It is situated on the bank of the river of Karotoa. There are 27 hamlets in the village, including Rajarampur, Polipalash and Boronagar.

</doc>
<doc id="9647638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647638" title="2003–04 DFB-Pokal">
2003–04 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal is the second-most important national title in German football. The DFB-Pokal 2003–04 was the 61st season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 29 August 2003 and ended on 29 May 2004. In the final Werder Bremen defeated second-tier Alemannia Aachen 3–2, thereby becoming the fifth team in German football to win the double. It was Bremen's fifth win in the cup.
Round 1.
"* The match ended 1–2 (after extra time), but was awarded 2–0 to Sportfreunde Siegen due to LR Ahlen fielding four non-EU nationals, more than the maximum of three."

</doc>
<doc id="9647657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647657" title="Netherlands national football team">
Netherlands national football team

The Netherlands national football team () represents the Netherlands in international association football. It is controlled by the Royal Netherlands Football Association (KNVB), the governing body for football in the Netherlands.
The team is colloquially referred to as "Het Nederlands Elftal" (The Dutch Eleven) and "Oranje", after the House of Orange-Nassau. Like the country itself, the team is sometimes referred to as Holland. The official code to "Netherlands" is "NED".
The Dutch hold the record for playing the most World Cup finals without ever winning the tournament. They finished second in the 1974, 1978, and 2010 World Cups, losing to West Germany, Argentina, and Spain respectively. The team is widely considered as the best tactically as it is very famous for its mastery of Total Football. They won the UEFA European Championship in 1988. The team is currently managed by Louis van Gaal, but he has announced he will leave after the 2014 FIFA World Cup, to be replaced by Guus Hiddink, who had previously managed the team during the late 1990s.
History.
The Netherlands played their first international match in Antwerp against Belgium on 30 April 1905. The players were selected by a five-member commission from the Dutch football association. After 90 minutes, the score was 1–1, but because the match was for a trophy (the "Coupe van den Abeele"), the game went into extra time, in which Eddy de Neve scored three times, making the score 4–1 for the Dutch side.
The Netherlands made their first appearance at the World Cup final tournament in 1934. After a second appearance in 1938 they did not appear in another World Cup until 1974.
Total Football in the 1970s.
The 1970s saw the invention of Total Football (), pioneered by Feyenoord and Ajax and led by playmaker Johan Cruyff and national team coach Rinus Michels. The Dutch made huge strides, qualifying for two World Cup finals in the decade. The captain of the Brazilian team that won the 1970 FIFA World Cup, Carlos Alberto, went on to say ""The only team I’ve seen that did things differently was Holland at the 1974 World Cup in Germany. Since then everything looks more or less the same to me…. Their ‘carousel’ style of play was amazing to watch and marvellous for the game."
In 1974, the Netherlands beat both Brazil and Argentina in the second group stage, reaching the final for the first time in their history. However, the team lost to West Germany in the final in Munich, despite having gone 1–0 up through Johan Neeskens' early penalty kick before any German had even touched the ball. However, supported by the crowd, a converted penalty by Paul Breitner and the winner from Gerd Müller led to a victory for the Germans.
By comparison, Euro '76 was a disappointment. The Netherlands lost in the semi-finals to Czechoslovakia, as much because of fighting within the squad and the coach George Knobel, as well as the skill of the eventual winners.
In 1978, the Netherlands again reached the final of a World Cup, only to be beaten by the host, this time Argentina. This side played without Johan Cruijff, Willem van Hanegem, and Jan van Beveren, who refused to participate in the World Cup. It still contained Johan Neeskens, Johnny Rep, Arie Haan, Ruud Krol, Wim Jansen, Jan Jongbloed, Wim Suurbier and Rob Rensenbrink from the 1974 selection. The Netherlands were less impressive in the group stages. They qualified as runners-up, after a draw with Peru and a loss to Scotland. In the second group phase, however, the Netherlands topped a group including Italy and West Germany, setting up a final with Argentina. However, the Dutch finished as runners up for the second World Cup in a row as they ultimately lost 3–1 after two extra time goals from Argentina. Unfortunately for the Dutch, Rensenbrink hit the Argentinian post in the last minute of normal time, with the score 1–1.
Failure: 1982–86.
Euro '80 was the last tournament for which the Total Football team qualified, but they did not advance past the group stage, despite the tournament format being expanded that year. Veterans such as Krol and Rensenbrink retired soon afterwards and the Netherlands missed the 1982 World Cup, Euro '84, and the 1986 World Cup in succession. Qualification for Euro 1984 was within reach, but the Dutch ended the campaign on the same number of points as rivals Spain, and the same goal difference (+16). Spain advanced having scored two more goals. The failure to reach the 1986 World Cup was also very close. In a play off with neighbours Belgium, the Netherlands lost 1–0 in Brussels, but were leading 2–0 in the home leg in Rotterdam with a few minutes remaining. Belgium scored to end the tie 2–1, and overall play off 2–2. Belgium advanced on the away goal rule.
European champions.
Rinus Michels returned to coach the team for the Euro '88 tournament. After losing the first group match against the Soviet Union (1–0), the Netherlands qualified for the semi-final by defeating England 3–1 (with a hat-trick by the tournament's top scorer Marco van Basten), and Republic of Ireland (1–0). For many Dutch football supporters, the most important match in the tournament was the semi-final against West Germany, the host country, considered a revenge for the lost 1974 World Cup final (also in West Germany). Marco van Basten scored in the 89th minute to sink the German side. The Netherlands won the final with a victory over the USSR through a header by Ruud Gullit and a volley by van Basten. This was the national team's first major tournament win, and it restored them to the forefront of international football for the next three years after almost a decade in the wilderness.
Despite high expectations as the team entered the 1990 World Cup, the tournament was not a success, as strife within the squad and managerial instability (Thijs Libregts took over from Michels only to be fired shortly after the team qualified, and was replaced by Leo Beenhakker for the finals) ultimately tore the team apart. Van Basten failed to score, as he was frequently marked by opposing defenders, while Gullit was ineffective having not fully recovered from injury. The Dutch managed to advance despite drawing all three group games, meeting their arch-rivals West Germany in the round of 16. The match is most remembered for the spitting-incident involving Frank Rijkaard and Rudi Völler as the Netherlands lost 2–1.
The team reached the semi-finals in the Euro '92, which was noted for the emergence of Dennis Bergkamp, but they were eliminated by eventual champions Denmark, with Van Basten's kick in the penalty shootout being saved by Peter Schmeichel. This was to be van Basten's last major tournament as he suffered a serious ankle injury shortly after, eventually conceding defeat and retiring at the age of 30 in 1995; it was also the last hurrah for Rinus Michels, who returned for one final spell in charge of the team before retiring for good after the tournament ended.
Dick Advocaat took over from Michels on the understanding that he himself would be replaced by Johan Cruijff the following year, although Advocaat actually stayed in charge for over two years. In the 1994 World Cup, in the absence of the injured van Basten and the striking Gullit, Dennis Bergkamp led the team with three goals and the Netherlands advanced to the quarter-finals, where they lost 3–2 to eventual champions Brazil.
1996–2004.
At Euro '96, after drawing 0–0 with Scotland and beating Switzerland 2–0, they faced the hosts England in the pool A decider, with both teams on 4 points. After 62 minutes, with Scotland beating Switzerland 1–0, the Netherlands were 4–0 down and looked like finishing third behind Scotland on goal difference and going out of the tournament, but Patrick Kluivert converted a Dennis Bergkamp assist and scored in the 78th minute to see the Dutch finish second on goals scored. They then played France in the quarter-finals, drawing 0–0 and being eliminated 5–4 on penalties.
In the 1998 World Cup, Netherlands, whose team included Marc Overmars, Phillip Cocu, Edgar Davids, Frank de Boer, Ronald de Boer, and Patrick Kluivert, met Argentina in the quarter-final, a rematch of the 1978 final. The Netherlands won 2–1 after a Bergkamp goal in the 89th minute. Bergkamp's goal was famous because of its quality — he touched down a pass from Frank de Boer then reverse-flicked it inside Roberto Ayala and finally volleyed it past the Argentine goalkeeper. In the semi-final, the Netherlands took Brazil to a penalty shootout after a late Kluivert goal tied the match 1–1, but Brazil won the shootout 4–2 and advanced to the final. Netherlands lost the third place match 2–1 to Croatia. Soon after the World Cup exit manager Guus Hiddink resigned after two tournaments in charge, and was replaced by legendary ex-midfielder Frank Rijkaard.
Netherlands co-hosted Euro 2000 with Belgium and were one of the favourites coming into the tournament. Getting all three wins in the group stage, including a win over France, they then defeated Yugoslavia 6–1 in the quarter-finals. In the semi-finals, their opponents, Italy, went down to ten men in the first half. Italian goalkeeper Francesco Toldo made two saves in the shootout to eliminate the Netherlands. Dennis Bergkamp retired from the national team after Euro 2000 (partly due to his fear of flying effectively ruling him out from the 2002 World Cup which was to be held in East Asia.) Coach Frank Rijkaard was widely criticized by the press after the defeat to the Italians as the Dutch had squandered several chances to kill the game. Rijkaard resigned, with Louis van Gaal taking over. Van Gaal is credited with initially bringing through the backbone of this Dutch side whilst manager of Ajax during the mid nineties, including Edwin van der Sar, Edgar Davids, Michael Reiziger, Clarence Seedorf, Marc Overmars, Patrick Kluivert and the De Boer twins.
Surprisingly the Netherlands failed to qualify for the 2002 World Cup, with crucial losses to Portugal and the Republic of Ireland, the latter of which eliminated them from the Finals tournament. Van Gaal resigned at the conclusion of the Netherlands' unsuccessful campaign.
Dick Advocaat returned to coach the Netherlands for a second time and led the team to the semifinals of Euro 2004 but lost to Portugal and, after receiving criticism for his tactics and player changes, stepped down. This was to be the end for many of the team's World Cup veterans (mostly made up of .) Frank and Ronald de Boer, Edgar Davids, Clarence Seedorf, Marc Overmars, Jaap Stam, and Patrick Kluivert had either retired or were not selected for the upcoming World Cup by new coach Marco van Basten.
2006–2010.
The Netherlands qualified for the 2006 World Cup in Germany and finished second in Group C after beating Serbia & Montenegro (1–0) and the Côte d'Ivoire (2–1) and drawing Argentina (0–0). Both Argentina and the Netherlands finished the group stage with seven points, but the Argentinians had a superior goal difference and finished first as a result. The Dutch were eliminated in the second round after losing 1–0 to Portugal, in a match that produced 16 yellow cards (which matched the World Cup record for most cautions in one game set in 2002) and set a new World Cup record of four red cards (two for either side) and was nicknamed "the Battle of Nuremberg" by the press. Despite criticism surrounding his selection policy and the lack of attacking football from his team, Marco van Basten was offered a two-year extension to his contract by the Dutch FA, which would allow him to serve as national coach during Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup. The move was widely regarded as a vote of confidence in van Basten and his assistants by the KNVB officials.
The Dutch team was a participant in Euro 2008 the "Group of Death", together with France, Italy, and Romania. They began Euro 2008 with a 3–0 win over World Cup Champion Italy in Bern on 9 June 2008. This was the Netherlands' first victory over Italy since 1978. In their second group match against France on 13 June 2008, the Netherlands won convincingly with a 4–1 score. The Dutch closed out an incredible group stage campaign with a 2–0 win over Romania. However, they lost in the quarter-final to former coach Guus Hiddink's Russia by 3–1, despite a late 86th minute equaliser by Ruud van Nistelrooy.
Under new coach Bert van Marwijk, the Dutch team went on to secure a 100 percent record in their World Cup 2010 qualification campaign, and qualifying for the World Cup. The World Cup Draw saw the Dutch being placed alongside Denmark, Cameroon and Japan in Group E. The Dutch won 2–0 against Denmark in their opener at the World Cup. They then beat Japan 1–0. They qualified for the Round of 16. In the first knockout round they faced Slovakia. At the end it was 2–1 victory. They advanced to the semifinals with a 2–1 victory over the favoured Brazilians. Brazil, who had held a 1–0 lead at the half, was the favourite to win the cup, had never lost in 37 World Cup matches (35–0–2) in which they had held a halftime lead. In the semi-final the Dutch beat Uruguay 3–2 to advance to their first World Cup final since 1978. The Dutch lost to Spain 1–0 after midfielder Andres Iniesta scored in extra time. The Dutch team was criticized for its rough play in the final, and was given nine yellow cards in the single game (including a double yellow card to John Heitinga). Johan Cruyff later public criticized the team for playing in an "ugly" and "vulgar" style. The Associated Press was of the opinion that the Dutch had "turned far too often to dirty tactics." This final also became Giovanni van Bronckhorst's last match in professional football.
From August to September 2011, the team was ranked number 1 in the FIFA World Rankings, thus becoming the second national football team, after Spain, to top the rankings without previously winning a World Cup. (Spain won the World Cup in 2010.)
Euro 2012.
Netherlands was placed in Group B along with Germany, Portugal, and Denmark, thus making it the "Group of Death". The Netherlands lost to Denmark 0-1, lost to Germany 1-2, and finally lost to Portugal 1-2 and exited the competition. Johan Cruyff criticised the team's star players of poor build up play and sloppy execution of the easy passes.
2014 FIFA World Cup.
In the 2014 World Cup UEFA qualifying round, the Netherlands won 13 games and drew one, topping the group and earning automatic qualification. They were drawn into Group B, along with Spain, Chile and Australia. They avenged their loss from four years ago with an incredible beating of Spain 5-1 in their opening match, with Arjen Robben and Robin van Persie scoring two goals each, and Stefan de Vrij scoring one. The second match against Australia was won in comeback fashion after the Dutch team trailed Australia 2-1. The match concluded with the Netherlands defeating Australia 3-2 thanks to goals from Arjen Robben and Robin van Persie either side of Australia's two, with Memphis Depay scoring the game-winner. Their final group match against Chile was a stalemate until Leroy Fer scored in the 77th minute and Memphis Depay scored again in stoppage time to win the game 2-0 and clinch first place in group B.
The Netherlands defeated Mexico in the Round of 16 by a score of 2-1. Wesley Sneijder and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar both scored late to propel the Netherlands into the quarterfinals where they faced Costa Rica. After drawing 0-0 after extra time, The Dutch won the penalty shootout 4-3 and booked a place in the semifinals against Argentina. Keeper Tim Krul was brought on just before the end of extra time, marking the first time in FIFA World Cup history a goalkeeper was brought onto the field solely to participate in a shootout. 
Team image.
Colours.
The Netherlands national football team famously plays in bright orange shirts. Orange is the historic national colour of the Netherlands, originating from the one of the many titles of the ruling head of state, Prince of Orange which is also the color of the same name. The current Dutch away shirt is blue.
Nike is the kit provider to the national team, a sponsorship that began in 1998 and is contracted to continue until at least 2026.
Rivalries.
Netherlands' long-time football rivals are Germany. The rivalry is one of the few long-standing football rivalries at a national level. Beginning in 1974 when the Dutch lost the 1974 FIFA World Cup to West Germany in the final (though deeply rooted in Dutch anti-German sentiment due to the occupation of the Netherlands by Germany during World War II), the rivalry between the two nations has become one of the best-known international football rivalries in the world.
Kits Evolution.
Home
Away
Current squad.
The following 23 players were named for the 2014 FIFA World Cup squad.
"Caps and goals updated as of 5 July 2014 after the match against ."
Recent call-ups.
The following players have been called up for the team in the last 12 months.
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury.
Results and fixtures.
The following matches were played or are scheduled to be played by the national team in the current or upcoming seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9647666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647666" title="Malabar Marriage Commission, 1891">
Malabar Marriage Commission, 1891

The Malabar Marriage Commission was formed in 1891 by the Government of Madras, British India in response to a bill that was introduced to the Madras Legislative Council in 1890 by Sir C. Sankaran Nair, a lawyer of the Madras High Court. The Commission was to inquire into matrilineal customs among the Hindus of Malabar District and explore the desirability of introducing changes in marriage, inheritance and family organization through legislation. The response of the Madras Government to the Commission's report was to pass the Malabar Marriage Act, 1896

</doc>
<doc id="9647686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647686" title="Newlincs EfW facility">
Newlincs EfW facility

The Newlincs EfW facility is an incinerator which is located in Grimsby, North East Lincolnshire, England. The plant is operated by Cyclerval UK & TIRU Group under a PFI contract. The engineering of the facility is unusual as it consists of an oscillating kiln handling 56,000 tonnes of waste per year/7 tonnes per hour of waste. The facility is capable of generating 3.2 MW electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="9647695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647695" title="Arizona (1931 film)">
Arizona (1931 film)

Arizona (UK title The Virtuous Wife) is a 1931 American drama film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Laura La Plante, John Wayne and June Clyde. It is one of several films based on Augustus Thomas's 1899 play of the same name.
Plot.
While at West Point, Bob Denton rebuffs Evelyn Palmer, who shows up later as the wife of his commanding officer in Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="9647704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647704" title="Hyperborea (Finnish folk music group)">
Hyperborea (Finnish folk music group)

Hyperborea is a folk music group, comprising four Finnish musicians. They are:
They have released two albums on CD – "Perinnearkku" (2004) and "Semmosta" (2006).
Prior to Antti Paalanen joining the group in 2002, the initial trio mainly played French and French Canadian music. Since 2002 they have focused on Finnish traditional tunes. The lyrics of their song ""Viikoksi viriä mieli"" (from "Perinnearkku") follow a similar rhythmic pattern to the great Finnish epic Kalevala (although this pattern cannot be exactly replicated in English).
Hyperborea were the 2006 band of the year at the Kaustinen Folk Music Festival held annually in the small community of Kaustinen, Central Ostrobothnia, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="9647705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647705" title="Dave Faulkner (musician)">
Dave Faulkner (musician)

David Jonathan "Dave" Faulkner (born 2 October 1957 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian rock musician who also performed as Dave Flick. Faulkner is a singer-songwriter, guitarist and keyboardist; he has performed with several bands, but is best known as a member of Hoodoo Gurus. He wrote the band's best known single, 1987 hit "What's My Scene?", which reached #3 on the National charts.
As the mainstay member of Hoodoo Gurus, Faulkner gave the acceptance speech when they were inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association Hall of Fame on 18 July 2007 at the Plaza Ballroom, Melbourne. Faulkner was one of the new entries in the 2007 edition of "Who's Who in Australia".
Early career.
Faulkner's father, Martin Faulkner was a World War II veteran who served in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) and survived the sinking of HMAS "Canberra" I during the Battle of Savo Island. Faulkner's mother Ruth was a tireless community worker and the library in Dave Faulkner's old home town of Belmont in Western Australia is named after her. Faulkner was educated at Perth's Trinity College.
Faulkner, aka Dave Flick, along with James Baker and Dave Cardwell (aka Rudolph V) were founding members of punk band The Victims in 1977. Baker and Faulkner co-wrote the band's first single "Television Addict", which is regarded as one of Australia's great punk rock songs and has featured on several punk compilations.
After The Victims split in 1979, Faulkner played keyboards with another Perth band The Manikins, who also performed some of his songs.
Hoodoo Gurus.
In 1981, Baker and Faulkner founded Hoodoo Gurus in Sydney with Roddy Radalj and Kimble Rendall: their first single was "Leilani" (1982). As Hoodoo Gurus, the band enjoyed success in many countries without having a major international hit; they released eight original albums and several compilations, officially split in 1998, but reformed in 2003.
Faulkner also wrote original music for films "Broken Highway" (1993) and "The Sum of Us" (1994). His song for Hoodoo Gurus "Come Anytime" (June, 1989) is the theme song to the Australian television show "Thank God You're Here" (2006). The Gurus reworked their hit, "What's My Scene?" as "That's My Team" also by Faulkner, the 2003–2007 promotional theme for the National Rugby League (NRL). Faulkner is a well-known, long-time supporter of NRL team the Cronulla Sharks and appeared in one of their jerseys for the "That's My Team" promotional song video (a lyrics rewrite of "What's My Scene?"). Faulkner had also written "1000 Miles Away" (1991) which was adopted as the 'anthem' for RAN frigate HMAS "Canberra" II, Hoodoo Gurus played a concert including "1000 Miles Away" on-board (in front of both "Canberra" I and II veterans including Faulkner's father, George) during their last voyage out of Fremantle to Fleet Base West, prior to its decommissioning in 2005.
In September 2001, Faulkner, together with fellow Hoodoo Gurus members Rick Grossman, Mark Kingsmill and Brad Shepherd, performed as The Moops (later called Persian Rugs). At Homebake 2001, (8 December) both Hoodoo Gurus and Persian Rugs performed separate sets. Just after Persian Rugs recorded a five-track EP "Mr. Tripper" (June, 2002) Grossman left the band, with Shepherd then recommending bassist Kendall James as his replacement (ex Thurston Howlers, Crusaders). With the addition of James, Persian Rugs recorded their debut album "Turkish Delight", which was released in August, 2003.
Persian Rugs provided the track "Be My Guru" for the Hoodoo Gurus' tribute album "Stoneage Cameos" (2005) (see "Stoneage Romeos") but by that time Hoodoo Gurus, with Grossman on bass, had already reformed and released "Mach Schau" (2004).
As the mainstay member of Hoodoo Gurus, Faulkner gave the acceptance speech when they were inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association Hall of Fame on 18 July 2007 at the Plaza Ballroom, Melbourne. Faulkner was one of the new entries in the 2007 edition of "Who's Who in Australia".
On the 6 May 2009, Faulkner was inducted into the Western Australian Music Industry (WAM) Hall of Fame.
Antenna.
In 1998, following Hoodoo Gurus' split, Faulkner formed a new band Antenna, collaborating with long-time friend Kim Salmon (The Cheap Nasties, The Manikins, The Scientists, Beasts of Bourbon); Justin Frew and Stuart McCarthy (both of Southend) were the band's other members. Antenna recorded an album (between April and August 1998), and then made their live debut at the Telstra Concert of the Century/Mushroom 25th anniversary in November 1998. The concert coincided with the release of the band's debut single "Come on Spring" and album "Installation". Guest performers on the album included Matt Thomas (The Mavis's) on "All Rise", and Christina Amphlett (Divinyls), on "Divine". "Come on Spring" reached #64 on the 1998 Triple J Hottest 100 list. Antenna appeared on the 1999 Big Day Out tour but disbanded soon after.
Other activities.
A National Office for Live Music was launched by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd in July 2013 and, as of August 2013, Faulkner is the state co-ambassador for New South Wales, alongside Stavros Yiannoukas from Bluejuice.

</doc>
<doc id="9647747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647747" title="KBD">
KBD

KBD can refer to:
KBD can also be used as an acronym for:

</doc>
<doc id="9647752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647752" title="Anielka Elter">
Anielka Elter

Anielka Elter was a Czechoslovakian motion picture actress who made films in Berlin, Germany and Hollywood.
Elter was a film star in Berlin before arriving in America from Poland. She had her first success in America with "The Merry Widow" (1925). She had an uncredited role as a blind musician. The movie was directed by Erich Von Stroheim and starred Mae Murray, John Gilbert, and Tully Marshall.
Elter worked with film director, Sascha Kilowrat of Vienna, Austria on several movie projects in association with the Berlin Film Manufacturing Company. She was chosen by Elinor Glyn to play the "Bolshevik girl" in "The Only Thing" (1925).
After making "The Godless Girl" (1929), Elter concluded her film career
with three European screen productions. They are "Sunding und suss" (1929), "Kajastus" (1930), and "Fantomas" (1932).

</doc>
<doc id="9647763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647763" title="Richard Gordon Wakeford">
Richard Gordon Wakeford

Air Marshal Sir Richard (Dickie) Gordon Wakeford KCB OBE LVO AFC (20 April 1922 - 13 February 2007) was an officer in the Royal Air Force for 36 years, from 1941 to 1977. Beginning as a pilot of flying boats with Coastal Command, he became a flying instructor, and commanded the Queen's Flight. After various operational commands, his last post was as Deputy Chief of Defence (Intelligence) at the UK Ministry of Defence.
Early life and war service.
Wakeford was born in Torquay. He was educated at Kelly College in Tavistock, Devon.
He joined the RAF in 1941. After flight training with the US Navy at Naval Air Station Pensacola in Florida, he joined Coastal Command to fly anti-submarine missions. He flew Catalina flying boats with No. 212 Squadron for 18 months from November 1942, patrolling the Indian Ocean from its base in Karachi. After a period training other pilots of flying boats, he joined No. 210 Squadron in October 1944, based at Sullom Voe in the Shetland Islands, patrolling the Norwegian Sea. He flew in support of Russian convoys and intercepted German submarines based in Norway.
Wakeford was involved in the last sinking of a German U-boat, on 8 May 1945. VE day was the previous day, and all German submarines had been ordered to travel on the surface: submerged U-boats were liable to be attacked. Flying a Catalina over the North Atlantic, Wakeford detected a submerged German submarine. Having run out of depth charges, he dropped some sonobuoys to track the U-boat before returning to base on the Shetland Islands. A second Catalina relieved him and damaged U-320. The German submarine was later scuttled off the coast of Norway.
Post-war career.
After the war, Wakeford flew long-range Liberator and York transport aircraft with Transport Command in the Far East. He became a flying instructor at the RAF College at Cranwell. He married Anne Butler in 1948. He joined the Central Flying School as an examiner, testing other flying instructors, and received the AFC in 1953. 
As a wing commander, he served in Malaya in 1955, during the Malayan Emergency. He was appointed OBE in 1958. He was then commander of the Queen's Flight from 1959 to 1961, and was appointed MVO (4th Class). He spent two years at the RAF Staff College, and was then promoted to Group Captain. He became commander of the V bomber base at RAF Scampton in June 1964, in charge of three squadrons of Vulcan bombers. He was Assistant Commandant of the RAF College from 1966 to 1969, during the period when it merged with the RAF Technical College at Henlow.
He was promoted to Air Vice-Marshal in February 1969, and became Commander of the Northern Maritime Air Region, and Air Officer Scotland and Northern Ireland (AOSNI), based at Pitreavie Castle in Fife, where he was responsible for the squadrons that tracked Russian forces in the North Atlantic. He was Director of Service Intelligence at the Ministry of Defence, and was the second commander of the short-lived ANZUK Force, based in Singapore, from 1973 until it was disbanded in January 1975. His last post was as Deputy Chief of Defence (Intelligence) at the Ministry of Defence, from 1975 to 1978. He was appointed KCB in 1976.
Later life.
He retired to Perthshire in 1977, where he enjoyed fly fishing and golf. He was director of the RAF Benevolent Fund in Scotland from 1978 to 1989, and served as a trustee of the MacRobert Trust from 1980 (chairman from 1982 to 1994), supporting hospitals and welfare organisations that assist ex-servicemen, and other educational organisations. He became a Commander of the Order of St John in 1986 and was awarded the inaugural President's Medal of the Royal Academy of Engineering in 1987. He moved to Inchberry in Moray in 1987. 
His wife died in 2002. He died from cancer of the oesophagus in Aberdeen. He was survived by two sons, Richard and Christopher, and a daughter, Susan. A second daughter, Sally, predeceased him.

</doc>
<doc id="9647766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647766" title="John McIntosh (educator)">
John McIntosh (educator)

John Charles McIntosh, CBE, FRSA (born 6 February 1946) was Headmaster of The London Oratory School for 29 years until his retirement on 31 December 2006.
He was educated at Ebury School, Shoreditch College and Sussex University. He joined the London Oratory School as an Assistant Master for Mathematics at the age of 21 in 1967, was promoted to Deputy Headmaster in 1971 and was appointed Headmaster in 1977. He founded The London Oratory School Schola appointing Michael McCarthy in 1996 as its founding director.
McIntosh was appointed to the Conservative think tank, the Centre for Policy Studies Education Group in 1982; he became a member of its Council in 2005. Between 1988 and 1991, he served on the Education Advisory Council of the Institute of Economic Affairs. He served on the Health Education Council between 1985 and 1988, and on the National Curriculum Council between 1990 and 1993. He has been a member of the Catholic Union of Great Britain since 1978. According to "The Tablet", he is the 96th most influential lay Catholic in Britain.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1996 and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to education.
He was made a Knight of Merit of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George in 2012. He was also made an additional member of the Headmasters Conference.
He is currently a member of the National Curriculum Review Advisory Committee, Dean and Education Advisor of Academy of St. Cecilia in London, a member of the Abbot's Advisory Committee at Ampleforth College, chairman of governors of St Philip's Preparatory School in London, a trustee of the English Schools Orchestra and Choir, a trustee of The London Oratory School Schola Foundation, and a trustee of the LOST Theatre Company.
Controversy.
Under his headmastership, the London Oratory School was chosen for the education of the children of the Prime Minister, Tony Blair. In 1999, in a letter to 1000 boys at the school, he asked parents to contribute at least £30 a month to cover a £250,000 deficit in the school's budget that he blamed directly on government policy. This was an embarrassment to the government and led to widely reported criticism from Labour politicians and unions.

</doc>
<doc id="9647782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647782" title="Anita Harris">
Anita Harris

Anita Madeleine Harris (born 3 June 1942) is an English actress, singer and entertainer.
Harris sang with the Cliff Adams Singers, and had a number of chart hits in the 1960s. She appeared in the "Carry On" films "Follow That Camel" and "Carry On Doctor".
Early life/ career.
Harris enjoyed singing and dancing from an early age, winning a talent contest at the age of three. However it was her penchant for figure skating which led to her performing career: after her family moved to Bournemouth when she was seven, Harris began skating at the neighbourhood rink, eventually becoming a regular at the Queens Ice Rink in London where shortly before her sixteenth birthday a talent scout spotted her and invited her to audition for a dance troupe. She then performed in Europe and Las Vegas. 
On returning to the UK, she performed in a vocal group known as the Grenadiers and then spent three years with the Cliff Adams Singers, being one of the few female members of that troupe, best known for BBC Radio's "Sing Something Simple". She was still in her teens when spotted by John Barry's manager, Tony Lewis, was offered a recording contract by EMI, and cut her first recordings with the John Barry Seven — a band who were a successful chart act. This early single - a double A-side of "I Haven't Got You", written by Lionel Bart, and "Mr. One and Only" - was not a hit. Harris did not further pursue a recording career until after meeting songwriter Mike Margolis in 1963. 
Subsequent to their meeting, when they both auditioned for a musical revue, Margolis and Harris formed a personal and professional relationship: he became her manager and wrote the songs which served as her second and third singles: "Lies" (1964) and "Don't Think About Love" (1965), both of which he also produced. In January 1965 she performed at the Sanremo Music Festival. Her duet with Beppe Cardile, "L'amore è partito", failed to reach the finals but even to participate in such a star-studded event augured well for her stardom. She then made her label debut for Pye Records with the May 1965 release "Trains and Boats and Planes", though rival versions by both the song's composer Burt Bacharach (with vocals by the Breakaways) and Billy J. Kramer & the Dakotas eclipsed her recording. She had four subsequent releases on Pye, including the only evident recording of the Burt Bacharach/ Hal David composition "London Life", with Margolis remaining her regular producer.
Recording success.
In 1966, she moved to CBS Records where her debut release was also her debut album: "Somebody's in My Orchard". Her chart breakthrough came in the summer of 1967 with the single "Just Loving You", a Tom Springfield composition which singer Dusty Springfield had suggested Tom (her brother) give to Harris after Dusty and Harris had performed on the same episode of "Top of the Pops". 
Recorded at Olympic Studios in a session produced by Margolis and featuring harmonica virtuoso Harry Pitch, "Just Loving You" had been released in January 1967 but did not reach the UK Top 50 until 29 June 1967. Even after peaking at No. 6 on 26 August 1967 "Just Loving You" remained in the UK Top 40 until the end of the year. Besides charting at No. 18 in Ireland, "Just Loving You" was a Top Ten hit in South Africa where sales reached 200,000 copies. The disc was released in September 1967 in the United States where it rose to No. 20 on the "Easy Listening" chart in "Billboard" and approached the mainstream Pop "Hot 100" chart. It rose no higher than No. 120 on the "Bubbling Under" chart. In January 1968 Harris made her only appearance on the UK album chart when her "Just Loving You" album reached No. 29.
The sustained interest in "Just Loving You" predicated a mild chart impact for her follow-up single "The Playground", issued in September 1967. This reached its chart peak of No. 46 by 28 October 1967, the same week "Just Loving You" (which had dropped out of the Top 20 at No. 21) returned to the Top 20 for three more weeks. However she did score a substantial hit with her 5 January 1968 release, a remake of the standard "Anniversary Waltz", which spent eight weeks in the UK Top 40, peaking at No. 21. After just missing the UK Top 50 with the single "We're Going On A Tuppenny Bus Ride" (released 17 May 1968), she made her final chart appearance with her rendition of "Dream a Little Dream of Me". Released 26 July 1968, her single version peaked in the UK Top 50 at No. 33, whilst the Mama Cass Elliot version peaked at No. 11.
Further career.
From 1961 she made numerous television appearances, mostly as a performer, occasionally as an actress, and had co-starring roles in the 1967 comedy films "Follow That Camel" and "Carry On Doctor". After a third album release, "Cuddly Toy" in 1969, she shifted the focus of her career from recording. In December 1970 Thames Television debuted the children's TV series "Jumbleland" which she co-produced and in which she starred as Witch Witt Witty. 
She also co-hosted "The David Nixon Magic Show" in the 1970s, and appeared on the "Morecambe and Wise Show" in 1971 and 1973. In 1981 she was in the line-up for the Royal Variety Performance, singing "Burlington Bertie". She was the subject of "This Is Your Life" in 1982 when surprised by Eamonn Andrews at London's Talk of the Town. She was still appearing as herself on programmes up to 2001, in particular "Boom Boom: The Best of the Original Basil Brush Show", "French & Saunders" and "Bob Monkhouse: A BAFTA Tribute".
From the early 1970s she toured in several editions of a one-woman stage show which, as "Anita Harris in the Act!," was broadcast in 1981. It was essentially a televisation of her performing at the Talk of the Town. In 1982 she was named Concert Cabaret Performer of the Year by the Variety Club of Great Britain. Whilst a popular pantomime star, she made a prestigious debut in legitimate theatre in 1986 when she assumed the role of Grizabella in the West End production of "Cats" for a two-year tenure, with subsequent credits including "Bell Book and Candle", "Deathtrap", "Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners", "Verdict" and the stage dramatizations of "House of Stairs" and "My Cousin Rachel". Additionally she co-starred with Alex Ferns, Will Thorp, Colin Baker and Leah Bracknell in a stage adaptation of "Strangers on a Train" at the Churchill Theatre in Bromley for a one-week run in 2006. She portrayed Gertrude Lawrence in "G and I" at the New End Theatre in the spring of 2009. In 2010 she and Brian Capron starred in the UK national tour of "Stepping Out." Having previously played the leading role of Mavis, she now took on the supporting role of Vera. She toured with a new one-woman stage show: "An Intimate Evening With Anita Harris" in 2013; and appeared in a production of the Emlyn Williams play "A Murder Has Been Arranged" at the Wolverhampton Grand Theatre in July 2013 and at Malvern Festival Theatre in August of that year. This production is still currently touring around Britain.
Financial problems.
On 5 July 2009, the "Mail on Sunday" newspaper published a lengthy interview with her, in which she claimed to be penniless and homeless. She estimated that she and Margolis - married since 1973 - were £15,000 in debt, although sources close to the couple say this may be a considerable underestimate. The "Daily Telegraph" reported that "the couple first suffered a financial setback in 1985 when they lost all their savings in the collapse of a Swiss-based bank".

</doc>
<doc id="9647783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647783" title="Closer Than Ever">
Closer Than Ever

Closer Than Ever is a musical revue in two acts, with words by Richard Maltby, Jr. and music by David Shire. The revue contains no dialogue, and Maltby and Shire have described this show as a "bookless book musical". The show was originally conceived by Steven Scott Smith as a one act revue entitled "Next Time Now!", which was first given at the nightclub Eighty-Eights. 
The success of "Next Time Now!" led to a much expanded production retitled "Closer Than Ever" that was co-directed by Maltby and Smith. This production began its life at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in Massachusetts during the Summer of 1989. It came to New York the following Fall, opening in previews on 17 October 1989, and officially opening on 6 November 1989 at the off-Broadway Cherry Lane Theatre, where it ran for 312 performances. The cast included Brent Barrett, Sally Mayes, Richard Muenz, and Lynne Wintersteller. 
"Closer Than Ever" features self-contained songs which deal with such diverse topics as security, aging, mid-life crisis, second marriages, working couples, and unrequited love. Maltby and Shire based many of the songs on real-life experiences of their friends, or stories told to them. The revue won the Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Off-Broadway Musical and Maltby, Shire, and Wintersteller all garnered Drama Desk Award nominations for their respective contributions. The original New York cast recorded an album of the revue for RCA Victor (RCA Victor 60399).
Revivals.
The revue has received a number of revivals at Regional theatres throughout the United States, including a production at the Westport Country Playhouse in January 1991, an April 1996 production at the Fleetwood Stage in Mount Vernon, New York, an August 2002 production at the MetroStage in Washington D.C., a 2005 production at the Porchlight Music Theatre in Chicago, and a March 2008 producti by Charlotte Shakespeare in Charlotte, North Carolina. In September 2006 the show had its London stage debut at the Bridewell Theatre. The production celebrated its 20th anniversary with runs at Queens Theater in the Park and The Bristol Riverside Theatre in April and May 2010; original cast members Wintersteller and Mayes co-starred with Sal Viviano and George Dvorsky, with Maltby and Kurt Stamm co-directing choreography by Stamm. The Shandaken Theatrical Society launched a production that ran from August 14–21, 2010 directed by Ricarda O'Conner and starred Janna Cardia, Alex Agard, and Austin Ku, Amy Wallace, and Chuck Sokolowski, and with musical director Eric Thomas Johnson.
In 2012 The York Theater revived the piece Off-Broadway. The production was co-directed by Richard Maltby Jr. and Kurt Stamm, with Stamm again choreographing, and featured Jenn Colella, George Dvorsky, Christiane Noll, and Sal Viviano. It ran from June to November and was well received by the New York Times and the New Yorker among other major critical media. A new cast recording was expected to be released by Jay Records in 2013.
Composition history.
In 1984, Maltby began compiling a series of older songs and new song ideas to form an evening of musical short stories, which he labeled the "Urban File". In particular, he wanted to make use of one of his favorite songs, "The Bear, The Tiger, The Hamster, and The Mole", which had been cut from Maltby and Shire's 1983 musical "Baby". Maltby assembled other cut songs from earlier musicals such as "The River", "Love Match" and "The Sap of Life" to go with this particular song. The "Urban File" also contained lyric fragments, musical ideas, song fragments, rhythmic ideas, philosophical observations, and biographical details of friends and acquaintances as potential material for songs. During this time, Maltby was occupied with "Song and Dance", and Shire was busy composing film scores, so that the "Urban File" was not a primary project at the time.
In 1987, Lynne Meadow, artistic director of the Manhattan Theatre Club, approached Maltby and Shire to ask for a song for a topical revue on urban themes that director John Tillinger was creating. Maltby showed them his "Urban File", which Tillinger and Meadow found appealing. Tillinger had initially planned on only a small amount of music, but after seeing the file, altered his original concept, with the final product being six songs by Maltby and Shire and one song by Edward Kleban. The work was a critical success with both the public and critics. New songs for this production included "There's Nothing Like It", "Miss Byrd" and "One of the Good Guys". They also wrote "Three Friends" for the revue, but finally did not use it. The music was interspersed with dramatic sketches on urban themes by various playwrights, including Christopher Durang, A. R. Gurney, Terrence McNally, Arthur Miller, Shel Silverstein, Ted Tally,
and Wendy Wasserstein. Titled "Urban Blight", the revue premiered in May 1988 and ran for six weeks at the Manhattan Theatre Club. The cast included Larry Fishburne, John Rubinstein, Oliver Platt, Nancy Giles, Faith Prince, Rex Robbins and E. Katherine Kerr.
In the Fall of 1988, the playwright and director and pianist Steven Scott Smith, an assistant to Maltby, approached Maltby and Shire for permission to use the "Urban File", with some other unused songs of theirs, to assemble a cabaret evening consisting entirely of their music. Maltby and Shire approved this, and Smith began to assemble a review titled "Next Time, Now!" with director Patrick Scott Brady and choreographer Arthur Faria. One of the songs added into this show was "Life Story". The one hour cabaret show opened in January 1989 at Eighty-Eight's, a nightclub in Greenwich Village, with Brent Barrett, Michael Brian and Lynne Wintersteller as the show's performers. The work was a critical success with both the public and critics, and Maltby and Shire decided to expand this product into a full evening-length show. 
Maltby and Shire received support to expand the show when producers Janet Brenner, Michael Gill, and Daryl Roth came on board. They wanted to turn the production into a two act evening, which required new songs and additional material from the "Urban File". The show also added one more actress, Sally Mayes, to the cast. New songs written for the expansion include the opening number, "Doors", "You Want To Be My Friend?", "Fandango", "If I Sing", "The March of Time", "Back On Base", and the finale, "Closer Than Ever". "Another Wedding Song", written by Shire and his wife Didi Conn for their wedding, was also added into the show at this time. The full-scale version of the show went through a trial run at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in Massachusetts during the summer of 1989. Marcia Milgrom Dodge was hired to choreograph the expanded show and Maltby became Smith's co-director. Well received by audiences, the show headed for New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9647795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647795" title="William Price Fox">
William Price Fox

William Price Fox (born April 9, 1926) is an American novelist, who wrote "Southern Fried" and "Doctor Golf". Fox has contributed to publications such as "Sports Illustrated", the "Los Angeles Times", "USA Today" and "Atlantic Monthly". 
Early life.
William Price Fox was born in Waukegan, Illinois, and has lived in South Carolina most of his life. In 2008, he moved to Baltimore, Maryland, where he now resides.
Education.
He graduated from the University of South Carolina and studied writing under Caroline Gordon.
Fox taught writing at the famed Iowa Writers' Workshop and was the Writer-In-Residence at the University of South Carolina until 2007.
Journalism.
Fox has written for "USA Today", the "Atlantic Monthly", "Golf Digest", "Golf Illustrated", "Golf Magazine", "Sports Illustrated", "The Saturday Evening Post", "Millionaire Magazine", "American Heritage", the "Los Angeles Times", and the "Village Voice", as well as countless other publications.
Critical reception.
"And then I got into this writer, William Price Fox, who wrote Dixiana Moon and a lot of short stories. He's just great with detail."
Bruce Springsteen, "Musician"
"The picaresque slapstick of Pitching Tents reminds me of early William Price Fox, where the novelist doesn't seem to be so much writing and plotting as mixing up his own special brew." James Wolcott, "Vanity Fair"
"If stores had the good taste and decency to separate books by sensibility, Butler would fit right next to writers like Lee Smith and William Price Fox, Southerners whose emotions go a mile deep and who remain tough and funny in very dark circumstances." Charles Taylor, "Salon"
Kurt Vonnegut, Jr (--on Fox's Southern Fried ):"Thank God-- at last, a humorist who can make us laugh! What an idea! Bill Fox stands a good chance of capturing the laugh Americans used to give to Mark Twain in simpler times. He's brilliant."
P.G. Wodehouse (--on Fox's Doctor Golf): "It's just the golf book that was needed... very funny!"
John Updike (--on Fox's Doctor Golf): "Golf in the Kingdom" put me in mind of another curious devotional work, William Price Fox's "Doctor Golf."Doctor Golf, a fanatic even quainter and keener than Shivas Irons, runs a thirty-nine-member golf sanctuary in Arkansas called Eagle-Ho, refers to "young Hagen," advocates caddy flogging, sells by mail order a clanking, cumbersome line of golf paraphernalia, and conducts a large correspondence. When one correspondent writes,"I am in my 65th year and I have been seized by golflike a mouse in the claws of a golden eagle,"Doctor Golf congratulates him:
Dear Sir, Only after the fetters of youth have been flung aside can golf enter. Only then can the man know the folly of his adolescent belief of the swing answering to the man and perceive the joy and the truth of the complete man answering to the swing. And, as the years and the eagles cascade by, the even greater joy is realized when he stands in the bright sunlight of complete fulfillment and comes to realize that the swing is the man.
The swing is the man. The Dance of Shiva, Michael Murphy ("Golf in the Kingdom") concludes, is at the heart of everything. Doctor Golf is more mystical still:
Walt Kelly (creator of Pogo-- on Fox's Moonshine Light/Moonshine Bright): "He has put down a modern generation of gasoline crazy kids in its true, bittersweet, hilarious best and, thank God, worst... As we understand the 1850s... because of a couple of histories of boys written by a fellow named Twain, so here can we get a slippery eyeball on the speed boys of today... these boys are universal... these are southerners who are very boy."
Richard Yates (on Fox's Ruby Red): "William Price Fox is a natural-- and better still, he's an original...the story is wholly alive and couldn't have been brought to life by anyone else. I think it's a beautiful piece of work."
Writer's Workshop Series for P.B.S..
Fox organized and hosted the Writer's Workshop series on P.B.S., featuring interviews and workshops with these famous writers:
Personal life.
Bill is married to novelist Sarah Gilbert (Fox). They have one daughter named Jenkins. He has another son, Colin, and a daughter, Kathy, from previous marriages.

</doc>
<doc id="9647803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647803" title="List of tourist attractions in Allahabad">
List of tourist attractions in Allahabad

Allahabad,a city in the State of Uttar Pradesh, India is an important tourist destination attracting a large number of tourists annually.Enriched with a glorious history and being one of the oldest cities in the world, Allahabad has several historical monuments from different periods of Indian History, from the tomb of Khusru, in Khusrobagh which was built during the medieval period under Mughal Rule to All Saints Cathedral in Civil Lines built during the British Raj to Alopi Devi Mandir in Alopibagh which is one of the oldest Hindu temples built during the ancient period.Several more historical locations like the Allahabad Fort built by Emperor Akbar during the Mughal Rule to several ancient Hindu temples like the Hanuman Temple near Sangam adorn the city. Allahabad is also famous worldwide for the Kumbh Mela, a holy religious gathering of Hindu pilgrims which also attracts a large number of tourists and has been taking place in the city from ancient times.There are several other places of interest like the Allahabad University which was built by the British during the British Raj to several contemporary monuments, each depicting a different time-period in the history of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9647807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647807" title="Gongylonema">
Gongylonema

Gongylonema is a genus of thread-like nematode that was discovered in 1850 by Joseph Leidy and described by Molin in 1857. It is the only currently valid genus in the family Gongylonematidae, though the mysterious "Spiruroides" – usually placed in the Subuluridae, which are not closely related to "Gongylonema" among the Spiruria – might actually belong here. They are parasites of birds and mammals, transmitted by insects (especially beetles). Some 38 species are known, about 12 of which have been recorded in Europe.
Several species are significant parasites of domestic animals, causing gongylonemiasis. Human infection by these nematodes is very rare: since its discovery fewer than 100 people have been reported to be infected with these parasites, always with the species "G. pulchrum".

</doc>
<doc id="9647812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647812" title="Electoral district of Northumberland Boroughs">
Electoral district of Northumberland Boroughs

Northumberland Boroughs was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1856 to 1859, including the towns of Morpeth, East Maitland, and West Maitland, and named after Northumberland County. It elected two members simultaneously, with voters casting two votes and the first two candidates being elected.

</doc>
<doc id="9647831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647831" title="The Deceiver (film)">
The Deceiver (film)

The Deceiver is a 1931 American mystery film directed by Louis King. The film stars Lloyd Hughes, Ian Keith and Dorothy Sebastian. John Wayne makes a minor appearance as a corpse. The film premiered on November 21, 1931.
Plot overview.
Actor Reginald Thorpe is found dead in his dressing room, stabbed in the back. Suspects abound.
Most of The Deceiver takes place in the Broadway theater where matinee idol Thorpe (Ian Keith) is starring in a production of Othello. A rat with women, Thorpe has scattered broken female hearts all along the Great White Way, giving lots of people plenty of incentive to murder him. Sure enough, he is murdered, as is another fellow who holds a vital clue as to the identity of the killer. Second-guessing the detectives, hero Tony (Lloyd Hughes) tries to solve the mystery himself, if only to clear heroine Ina (Dorothy Sebastian) of suspicion. The guilty party is tricked into confessing by the cagey Tony.

</doc>
<doc id="9647845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647845" title="Eddie James">
Eddie James

Eddie James (born on August 4, 1961) is an American murderer and sex offender. His appearance on the national television show "America's Most Wanted" led to his capture and conviction for the killings of an 8-year-old girl and her grandmother in September 1993.
Biography.
He was born in Bristol, Pennsylvania.
James believed his last name was Matlack until the age of 10, when he discovered that the man raising him was his stepfather. At 11, James met and went to live with his biological father, who introduced him to drugs. Ironically, his father was a drug counselor. In his mid teens, James returned to live with his mother in Casselberry, Florida. His life now revolved around fighting and drugs, and he claimed to be having blackouts. His mother sought assistance from a mental health counselor; however, his violence and anger continued.
James dropped out of high school in his junior year and joined the army when he was 17. He was stationed in Germany but was soon discharged for "failure to conform". James returned to Casselberry, where he became friends with a man named Tim Dick. James was welcomed into Dick's extended family, and, in the summer of 1993, he rented a room from Dick's mother, Betty.
Murders.
On September 20, 1993, James returned home from a party to find Betty Dick's four grandchildren sleeping in the living room. He grabbed 8-year-old Toni Neuner by the neck and choked her, then took her to his bedroom and raped her, after which he put her body between his bed and the wall.
James proceeded to Dick's bedroom, where he hit her in the head with a candlestick and repeatedly stabbed her with a knife. Dick screamed, waking up Toni's sister, Wendi, who came to the bedroom. James tied her up and put her in the bathroom. He got a butcher knife from the kitchen and returned to Dick's bedroom, sticking the knife in her back. After showering and taking jewelry from Dick's bedroom, James fled in her car.
Apprehension and sentencing.
On September 28, 1993, "America's Most Wanted" ("AMW") broadcast information related to the case, resulting in hundreds of viewer phone calls. Several tips indicated that he was traveling west. On October 5, 1993, "AMW" rebroadcast the details of the case, including this updated information. The next day, a viewer spotted James at the California state unemployment office in Bakersfield and contacted authorities. Once in police custody, he gave two taped statements.
On April 5, 1995, James pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree murder, and one count each of aggravated child abuse, attempted sexual battery, kidnapping, grand theft and grand theft auto. He also pleaded no contest to two counts of capital sexual battery charged by separate information.
On August 18, 1995, James was sentenced to death for the murders of Toni Neuner and Betty Dick, as well sentences ranging from 15 years to life on the other charges. He is incarcerated at Union Correctional Institution in Raiford, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9647880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647880" title="Christian Friedrich Ecklon">
Christian Friedrich Ecklon

Christian Friedrich Ecklon (Åbenrå 1795 – Cape Town 1868) was a Danish botanical collector and apothecary. 
Ecklon collected extensively in South Africa. His first visit was in 1823, as first an apothecary's apprentice and then pharmacist, looking for plants with medicinal value. Lack of funding and a deteriorating health forced him to live in poor circumstances, selling bulbs or preparing herbal remedies. Nevertheless, when he returned to Europe in 1828, he had collected an extensive herbarium. During his stay in Hamburg, from 1833 to 1838, he worked on revising this collection. This herbarium would become the basis for the "Flora Capensis" (1860–1865) by his friend, the Hamburg pharmacist Otto Wilhelm Sonder (1812–1881) in collaboration with the Irish botanist William Henry Harvey (1811–1866). The herbarium was later sold to Unio Itineraria, a Württemberg Botanical Society.
Ecklon was the author, with Karl Ludwig Philipp Zeyher who had travelled with him from 1829, of "Enumeratio Plantarum Africae Australis Extratropicae" (1835-7), a descriptive catalogue of South African plants. He later returned to South Africa, where he died in 1868.
The herbaria of Lehmann and Sonder in the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm gives special reference to the collection of Ecklon and Zeyher.
One of his pupils was Friedrich Heinrich Theodor Freese (c. 1795 – 1876), a German physician–botanist, who also studied South African plants.
According to IPNI, Ecklon named a total of 1974 different genera or species.
Like many botanists he was an entomologist making collections of plant associated insects.
The genus "Ecklonia", including Ecklon's kelp ("Ecklonia biruncinata" or "E. radiata"), as well as Ecklon's Purple Iceplant ("Delosperma ecklonis" 'Bright Eyes') and Ecklon's Everlasting ("Helichrysum ecklonis") were named in his honour. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Eckl. when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="9647908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647908" title="United States Army Intelligence and Security Command">
United States Army Intelligence and Security Command

The United States Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) is a direct reporting unit that conducts intelligence, security, and information operations for U.S. Army commanders and national decision makers. INSCOM is an organization within both the United States Army and the National Security Agency, the United States's unified signals intelligence organization. Within the NSA, INSCOM and its counterparts in the U.S. Navy and U.S. Air Force are known as Central Security Service. INSCOM is headquartered at Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
Mission.
INSCOM collects intelligence information in all intelligence disciplines to provide unit commanders intelligence for the battlefield and the focus of combat power. The organization also conducts intelligence production activities, ranging from intelligence preparation of the battlefield to situation development, SIGINT analysis, imagery exploitation, and science and technology intelligence production. INSCOM also has significant responsibilities in counterintelligence, force protection, electronic warfare, and information warfare. Additionally, INSCOM supports force modernization and training.
INSCOM's stated vision for operations includes: (1) conducting and supporting relevant intelligence, security and information operations for U.S. Army, joint and combined forces; (2) optimizing national/theater/tactical partnerships; (3) exploiting leading edge technology; and (4) meeting the challenge of today, tomorrow and the 21st Century.
History.
Merger and creation of INSCOM.
On January 1, 1977, the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) was organized at Arlington Hall Station, Virginia, to provide the U.S. Army with a single organization for conducting multi-discipline intelligence, security operations, and electronic warfare at the level above corps. The new organization merged the former U.S. Army Security Agency, the signal intelligence and signal security organizations previously located at Arlington Hall, Virginia, the U.S. Army Intelligence Agency, a counterintelligence and human intelligence agency based at Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, and several intelligence production units formerly controlled by the Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence and U.S. Army Forces Command. Brigadier General (later Major General) William I. Rolya, former commanding general of the Army Security Agency, became INSCOM’s first commanding general.
On October 1, 1977, the former U.S. Army Intelligence Agency headquarters was integrated into INSCOM, and the command established a unified intelligence production element, the Intelligence and Threat Analysis Center, on 1 January 1978. Additionally, INSCOM assumed command of three military intelligence groups located overseas: the 66th Military Intelligence Group in Germany, the 470th Military Intelligence Group in Panama, and the 500th Military Intelligence Group in Japan. These groups were transformed into multidisciplinary units by incorporating former Army Security Agency assets into the previously existing elements. A fourth such group, the 501st Military Intelligence Brigade, was soon organized in South Korea. All of these groups were eventually reorganized and redesignated as brigades.
Parapsychologic research.
In association with the Defense Intelligence Agency, and under the leadership of commanding general Albert Stubblebine, INSCOM attempted to use parapsychologic methods such as remote viewing in operation "Center Lane". This was done as late as 1981. Other U.S. intelligence services attempted similar projects during the same period, most notably the Stargate Project by the Central Intelligence Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="9647910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647910" title="Ivan Tcherezov">
Ivan Tcherezov

Ivan Yuryevich Tcherezov (, born November 18, 1980 in Izhevsk) is a Russian biathlete .
Honours.
Winter Olympics
Biathlon World Championships
Biathlon World Cup

</doc>
<doc id="9647914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647914" title="Sun City (song)">
Sun City (song)

"Sun City" is a 1985 protest song written by Steven Van Zandt, produced by Van Zandt and Arthur Baker and recorded by Artists United Against Apartheid to convey opposition to the South African policy of apartheid. The primary means of that opposition is to declare that all the artists involved would refuse any and all offers to perform at Sun City, a resort which was located in Bantustan of Bophuthatswana, one of a number of internationally unrecognized supposed "independent" states created by the South African government to forcibly relocate its black population.
History.
Van Zandt was interested in writing a song about South Africa's Sun City casino resort, to make parallels with the plight of Native Americans. Danny Schechter, a journalist who was then working with ABC News' "20/20", suggested turning the song into a different kind of "We Are the World", or as Schechter explains, "a song about change not charity, freedom not famine."
As Van Zandt was writing it, Schechter suggested that he include the names of the artists who had played Sun City in defiance of a United Nations-sanctioned cultural boycott. "I was probably still thinking of 20/20's exposé of conservative Africanists 15 years earlier," says Schechter. References to specific performers who had played in Sun City appeared in the demo but were omitted from the final version of the song.
Musically speaking, the song was a fusion of hip-hop (which was still in its early development), R&B, and hard rock. The main hook is multiple successive artists singing "I, I, I, I, I, I", followed by all the artists together singing "ain't gonna play Sun City!"
When Van Zandt was finished writing "Sun City", he, Baker and Schechter spent the next several months searching for artists to participate in recording it. Van Zandt initially declined to invite Bruce Springsteen, not wanting to take advantage of their friendship, but Schechter had no problem asking himself; Springsteen accepted the invitation. Van Zandt was also shy about calling legendary jazz artist Miles Davis, whom Schechter also contacted; with minimal persuasion, Davis also accepted. Eventually, Van Zandt, Baker and Schechter would gather a wide array of artists, including Kool DJ Herc, Grandmaster Melle Mel, The Fat Boys, Ruben Blades, Bob Dylan, Herbie Hancock, Ringo Starr and his son Zak Starkey, Lou Reed, Run DMC, Peter Gabriel, David Ruffin, Eddie Kendricks, Darlene Love, Bobby Womack, Afrika Bambaataa, Kurtis Blow, Jackson Browne and then-girlfriend Daryl Hannah, U2, George Clinton, Keith Richards, Ronnie Wood, Peter Wolf, Bonnie Raitt, Hall & Oates, Jimmy Cliff, Big Youth, Michael Monroe, Peter Garrett, Ron Carter, Ray Barretto, Gil-Scott Heron, Nona Hendryx, Pete Townshend, Pat Benatar, Clarence Clemons, and Joey Ramone.
303 tracks were mixed-down to create "Sun City." A music video directed by Jonathan Demme with Godley and Creme was also produced.
Reception.
"Sun City" only reached #38 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in December 1985. Only about half of American radio stations played "Sun City", with some objecting to the lyrics' explicit criticism of President Ronald Reagan's policy of "constructive engagement." (Joey Ramone's line in the song criticizes Reagan. Ramone also expressed open discontent and criticism towards him with the Ramones song "Bonzo Goes to Bitburg".) The song was banned in South Africa itself.
The song did somewhat better overseas, reaching #21 on the UK Singles Chart, #4 in Australia and achieving chart action in a number of other European countries, becoming a substantial hit in The Netherlands. It was also a top ten single in Canada in December 1985 and January 1986.
"Sun City" was picked as record of the year by many of the most influential music critics, topping the prestigious international Pazz & Jop Critics Poll for best single of the year.
Documentary.
Van Zandt and Schechter also struggled to get the documentary seen. Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) refused to broadcast the non-profit film "The Making of Sun City" even though it won the International Documentary Association's top honors in 1986; PBS claimed the featured artists were also involved in making the film and were therefore "self-promoting." (In contrast, PBS chose to broadcast "The Making of "Raiders of the Lost Ark"", which was made as a promotional exercise by the for-profit Paramount Pictures and Lucasfilm Ltd..) In 1987, WNYC-TV, the New York City-owned public television station, aired an updated version of the documentary, produced by filmmaker Bill Lichtenstein along with Schechter. The film included updates about the Sun City resort and apartheid as well as the success of the Sun City video. In addition to airing the documentary, WNYC-TV made the film available over the PBS system to public television stations across the country for broadcast.
Overall impact.
The album and single raised more than a million U.S. dollars for anti-apartheid projects. It premiered at the United Nations, thanks to the Special Committee Against Apartheid and UN officers such as Aracelly Santana.
The record never achieved the financial success of "We Are the World," although Oliver Tambo and the ANC's school in Tanzania "was sure happy when we gave them a big check," according to Schechter.
In South Africa, "Sun City" would later inspire musician Johnny Clegg to create a local organization similar to Van Zandt's, and "Sun City" also became the catalyst for the "South Africa Now" TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="9647928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647928" title="Brush Electrical Machines">
Brush Electrical Machines

Brush Electrical Machines is a manufacturer of large generators for gas turbine and steam turbine drive applications, based at Loughborough in Leicestershire, United Kingdom. 
In 1879, a company was established in Lambeth London, called the Anglo-American Brush Electric Light Corporation. Its formation was to exploit the invention of Charles Francis Brush, who was born in Cleveland Ohio in 1849 and who had invented his first electric dynamo in 1876. 
He founded a company called the American Brush Company, which stayed in business in the USA until about 1891. As the business grew in Lambeth due to the demand for new electrical apparatus, larger premises were required and the Anglo-American Brush Electric Light Corporation moved 100 miles north to the Falcon Works at Loughborough in 1889. 
Over the next sixty years the business grew by acquisitions until in 1957 the Brush companies were incorporated into the Hawker Siddeley Group under the new name of the Brush Electrical Engineering Company Limited. Within the Hawker Siddeley Group the company manufactured a vast range of electrical products including; turbo-generators, salient pole machines, induction motors, traction motors and generators, traction locomotives, switchgear, transformers and fuses. 
In November 1991 Hawker Siddeley Electric Power Group was subject to a hostile takeover bid of £1.5 billion from BTR plc, the large engineering conglomerate. The bid was successful so the Brush companies then became part of the BTR organisation. The most recent change in Brush’s history occurred in November 1996 when the FKI Group of Companies acquired the Hawker Siddeley Electric Power Group from BTR for a price of £182 million.
On 1 July 2008, Melrose plc completed the acquisition with FKI, Melrose being a specialist investor in the manufacturing industry, is now registered on the London Stock Exchange.
During the last 125 years, various Brush companies (Brush Switchgear, Brush Transformers, Brush Traction and Brush Control Gear) have existed on the Falcon Works site, but throughout this period Brush Electrical Machines Ltd manufacturing generators and motors has always been the largest company. Over 5,000 staff were employed on the site during the 1960s and 70s; today there are approximately 720 staff, 450 of which are direct production personnel. 
The following products are manufactured at the Loughborough facility:
Air-cooled turbogenerator in the range of 20 to 225MVA, Turbomotors from 10 to 100MW and the associated control equipment each.
Aircraft manufacture.
In 1915, Brush Electrical were one of a number of companies outside the established aviation contractors selected by the Royal Navy to receive orders for aircraft to meet the expanding needs of the Royal Naval Air Service. Brush completed 650 aircraft by the end of 1919, including 400 Avro 504s and 142 Short Type 184s. It also built de Havilland Dragon Rapides during the Second World War. 
References.
1.Company website "About Us", Operational sites
2.Companies House

</doc>
<doc id="9647955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647955" title="National anthem of Norway">
National anthem of Norway

Norway does not have an official national anthem, but over the last 200 years, a number of anthems have been commonly regarded as "de facto" national anthems. At times, multiple anthems have enjoyed this status simultaneously. Today, the anthem "Ja, vi elsker dette landet" is the most recognised national anthem, but until the early 20th century, "Sønner av Norge" occupied this position.
In the early 19th century, the anthem "Norges Skaal" was regarded by many as a "de facto" national anthem. From 1820, the anthem "Norsk Nationalsang" (literally, "Norwegian National Anthem") became the most recognised national anthem. It came to be known as "Sønner av Norge" (originally "Sønner af Norge"), after its first stanza. "Sønner av Norge" was written by Henrik Anker Bjerregaard (1792–1842) and the melody by Christian Blom (1782–1861), after Det Kongelige Selskap for Norges Vel had announced a competition to write a national anthem for Norway in 1819. "Norsk Nationalsang" ("Sønner af Norge") was announced as the winner. "Blant alle Lande" (also called "Nordmandssang") by Ole Vig has also been used as a national anthem. Henrik Wergeland also wrote an anthem originally titled "Smaagutternes Nationalsang" ("The Young Boys' National Anthem"), and commonly known as "Vi ere en Nation, vi med".
"Ja, vi elsker dette landet" by Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson and Rikard Nordraak was written between 1859 and 1868, and gradually came to replace "Sønner av Norge" as the most recognised national anthem. Until the early 20th century, "Sønner av Norge" and "Ja, vi elsker dette landet" were used alongside each other, but "Sønner av Norge" was the anthem preferred in official settings. Since 2011, the anthem "Mitt lille land" by Ole Paus has additionally been referred to by the media as a "new national anthem" and notably featured most prominently in all the memorial ceremonies following the 2011 Norway attacks. On the Norwegian Constitution Day in 2012, the NRK broadcast was opened with "Mitt lille land."
In addition, Norway has an unofficial royal anthem, "Kongesangen", based on "God Save the King" and written in its modern form by Gustav Jensen. The psalm "Gud signe vårt dyre fedreland", written by Elias Blix and with a melody by Christoph Ernst Friedrich Weyse, is often referred to as Norway's "national psalm."

</doc>
<doc id="9648004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648004" title="Fool Moon (novel)">
Fool Moon (novel)

Fool Moon is a 2001 contemporary fantasy novel by author Jim Butcher. It is the second novel in The Dresden Files, which follows the character of Harry Dresden, present-day Chicago's only professional wizard.
Plot.
After the events in "Storm Front", Kim Delaney, who Dresden helped to control her magical talents, asks Dresden how to create a set of three magical circles, which could be used to contain powerful entities. Dresden withholds the information, because such circles are generally used to contain demigods and archangels.
Lt. Karrin Murphy asks Dresden to consult on a homicide. A henchman of Johnnie Marcone's was found near a group of wolfish paw prints. Dresden follows a lead that takes him into a confrontation with a gang of teenage werewolves and their pack leader, Tera West. At the police station, he gets a tip from FBI Agent Harris that the Streetwolves biker gang might know something about the murder, learning that The Streetwolves and their packleader Parker are lycanthropes. They do not change shape, but become bestial in their minds. Dresden escapes unscathed, but now the Streetwolves want him dead.
Marcone shows up in Dresden's office. He offers to hire Dresden as his security adviser, for protection. Dresden refuses. On his way out the door, Marcone says that these killings are connected to Harley MacFinn and his Northwest Passage Project. Dresden summons the demon Chaunzaggoroth in order to get information, exchanging one more part of his name for information about Harley MacFinn. Before Dresden can check on Harley MacFinn, Lt. Murphy arrests him. Kim Delaney's shredded body is found in MacFinn's apartment next to a summoning circle.
Tera West sneaks in and frees Dresden. Tera tells Dresden that he must draw the containment circle around her fiancé Harley MacFinn before the moon rises, or innocent people will die. MacFinn is a loup-garou, an incredibly powerful werewolf that can only be killed with inherited silver. Dresden is shot during his escape from police custody, and is rescued by Tera. Desperate, he calls Susan and bums a ride in exchange for an exclusive on the wolf murders.
Ignoring Dresden's warnings, Murphy arrests and jails MacFinn in his human form. Dresden races to the station to get to MacFinn, but the moon rises, and MacFinn changes, slaughtering the suspects in the holding cells, the desk sergeant, and Murphy's staff. Dresden drives off MacFinn and goes in search of Marcone. While searching for MacFinn, Dresden is attacked by the Streetwolves, and learns the FBI agents are hexenwolves behind the murders after capturing one of them.
At moonrise, they pile into a rented van and head to Marcone's estate to save him from MacFinn. Dresden and his allies are captured by the FBI hexenwolves and are thrown into a pit Marcone had prepared to capture the transformed MacFinn, but Marcone frees them. Dresden and Murphy kill the FBI hexenwolves and MacFinn. Dresden and Murphy burn the hexenwolves' belts before Chicago PD arrives—so they can never be used again. Susan evacuates the Alphas, and Chicago PD arrests Marcone on general principle.
Tera West, revealed to be a wolf that can change into a human, returns to her family in the Northwest. One major question is left unsolved, though-where did the FBI agents get their belts?
External links.
The first chapter of the book and several MP3 clips are found on the author's official website.

</doc>
<doc id="9648006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648006" title="Chris Spheeris">
Chris Spheeris

Chris Spheeris (in Greek: Χρήστος Σφυρής) is a Greek-American composer of instrumental music. He is a producer, vocalist and multi-instrumentalist. Chris is the cousin of Penelope Spheeris and her brother Jimmie Spheeris, and Costas Gavras. Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Chris began writing songs on his guitar as a teenager. In 1985, Chris began composing for film. His work in collaboration with filmmaker Chip Duncan includes the television series Is Anyone Listening, the series Mystic Lands (Discovery Networks), In A Just World (PBS) and the classroom production entitled The Life & Death of Glaciers (Discovery Education).
Polar Shift.
Spheeris recorded "Field of Tears" and "Pura Vida" (along with Paul Voudouris) for "Polar Shift" (1991), a New Age benefit album including Yanni and Vangelis.

</doc>
<doc id="9648010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648010" title="Sukuh">
Sukuh

Sukuh ( ) is a 15th-century Javanese-Hindu temple (candi) that is located on the western slope of Mount Lawu (elev. 910 m (3000 ft)) on the border between Central and East Java provinces.
Sukuh temple has a distinctive thematic reliefs from other candi where life before birth and sexual education are its main theme. Its main monument is a simple pyramid structure with reliefs and statues in front of it, including three tortoises with flattened shells and a male figure grasping his penis. A giant 1.82 m (6 ft) high of "lingga" (phallus) with four balls, representing penile incisions, was one of the statues that has been relocated to the National Museum of Indonesia.
Background.
Sukuh is one of several temples built on the northwest slopes of Mount Lawu in the 15th century. By this time, Javanese religion and art had diverged from Indian precepts that had been so influential on temples styles during the 8th–10th centuries. This was the last significant area of temple building in Java before the island's courts were converted to Islam in the 16th century. It is difficult for historians to interpret the significance of these antiquities due to the temple's distinctiveness and the lack of records of Javanese ceremonies and beliefs of the era.
The founder of Candi Sukuh thought that the slope of Mount Lawu was a sacred place for worshiping the ancestors and nature spirits and for observance of the fertility cults. The monument was built around 1437, as written as a chronogram date on the western gate, meaning that the area was under the rule of the Majapahit Kingdom during its end (1293–1500). Some archaeologists believe the founder had cast the fall of Majapahit, based on the reliefs that displaying the feud between two aristocratic houses, symbolizing two internal conflicts in the kingdom.
In 1815, Sir Thomas Raffles, the ruler of Java during 1811–1816, visited the temple and found it in bad condition. In his account, many statues had been thrown down on the ground and most of the figures had been decapitated. Raffles also found the giant "lingga" statue broken into two pieces, which was then glued together. This vandalism of traditional culture (especially where sexuality is not suppressed, as in the statues) is likely to be an effect of the Islamic invasion of Java during the 16th century, based upon the identical patterns found in all other Islamic and monotheistic invasions generally.
Architecture.
The central pyramid of the complex sits at the rear of the highest of three terraces. Originally, worshippers would have accessed the complex through a gateway at the western or lowest terrace. To the left of the gate is a carving of a monster eating a man, birds in a tree, and a dog, which is thought to be a chronogram representing 1437 CE, the likely date of the temple's consecration. There is an obvious depiction of sexual intercourse in a relief on the floor at the entrance where it shows a paired "lingam" which is represented physiologically by the (phallus) and "yoni", which is represented bodily by the (vagina). Genitalia are portrayed on several statues from the site, which is unique among Javanese classical monuments.
The main structure of Sukuh temple is like no other ancient edifice; it is a truncated pyramid reminiscent of a Maya monument and surrounded by monoliths and meticulously carved life-sized figures. The Sukuh temple does not follow the Hindu architecture Wastu Vidya because it was built after the Hindu religion had weakened. Temples usually have a rectangular or square shape, but Sukuh temple is a trapezium with three terraces, with one terrace higher than the others. A stone stairway rises through the front side of the pyramid to its summit. It is not known what the monument's unique shape was intended to symbolize. One suggestion is that it represents a mountain. There is no evidence that the main building supported a wooden structure. The only object recovered from its summit was a 1.82-metre "lingga" statue bearing an inscription and it is now in the National Museum of Indonesia). The statue may once have stood on the platform over the stairway. The "lingga" statue has a dedicated inscription carved from top to bottom representing a vein followed by a chronogram date equivalent to 1440. The inscription translates "Consecration of the Holy Ganges sudhi in ... the sign of masculinity is the essence of the world." Reliefs of a "kris" blade, an eight-pointed sun and a crescent moon decorate the statue.
The wall of the main monument has a relief portraying two men forging a weapon in a smithy with a dancing figure of Ganesha, the most important Tantric deity, having a human body and the head of an elephant. In Hindu-Java mythology, the smith is thought to possess not only the skill to alter metals, but also the key to spiritual transcendence. Smiths drew their powers to forge a "kris" from the god of fire; and a smithy is considered as a shrine. Hindu-Javanese kingship was sometimes legitimated and empowered by the possession of a "kris".
The elephant head figure with a crown in the smithy relief depicts Ganesha, the god who removes obstacles in Hinduism. The Ganesha figure, however, differs in some small respects with other usual depictions. Instead of sitting, the Ganesha figure in Candi Sukuh's relief is shown dancing and it has distinctive features including the exposed genitalia, the demonic physiognomy, the strangely awkward dancing posture, the rosary bones on its neck and holding a small animal, probably a dog. The Ganesha relief in Candi Sukuh has a similarity with the Tantric ritual found in the history of Buddhism in Tibet written by Taranatha. The Tantric ritual is associated with several figures, one of whom is described as the "King of Dogs" (Sanskrit: Kukuraja), who taught his disciples by day, and by night performed "Ganacakra" in a burial ground or charnel ground.
Other statues in Candi Sukuh include a life-sized male figure with his hand grasping his own penis and three flattened shells of tortoises. Two large tortoise statues guard the pyramid entrance and the third one lies at some distance in front of the monument. All of their heads point to the west and their flattened shells may provide altars for purification rituals and ancestor worship. In Hindu mythology, the tortoise symbolizes the base or support of the World and is an avatar of Vishnu, i.e. Kurma refer: Ocean of Milk.

</doc>
<doc id="9648012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648012" title="List of foreign La Liga players">
List of foreign La Liga players

This is a list of foreign players in La Liga. The following players:
In bold: players that played at least one La Liga game in 2013-14 season, and the clubs they have played for.

</doc>
<doc id="9648028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648028" title="Anger (disambiguation)">
Anger (disambiguation)

Anger is an emotion.
Anger may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9648042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648042" title="Emil Jönsson">
Emil Jönsson

Emil Jönsson (born 15 August 1985) is a Swedish cross country skier who has been competing since 2004. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, he finished seventh in the individual sprint event.
He has twelve World Cup victories, all in sprint events, since 2008. He won the FIS Cross-Country Sprint World Cup in 2009–10 and 2010–11.
He won bronze in the sprint at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Personal life.
Jönsson's girlfriend is fellow skier and olympic medalist Anna Haag. They spend their time between Östersund and Davos.

</doc>
<doc id="9648078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648078" title="Bishi Bashi">
Bishi Bashi

Arcade games.
The arcade games released so far include:
The arcade game controls are very simple; each player has a red, blue and green button, positioned left, right and centre respectively. Each minigame explains its controls before play commences. Some titles of the series, however, make use of a lever, steering wheel or dance pad for the controls instead of the 3 buttons.
"The★BishiBashi" uses the yellow button (start button) in most mini-games to finish the mini-game before time runs out.
PlayStation games.
Some of the minigames from the arcade games have been ported to the Sony PlayStation and released under the name "Bishi Bashi Special" (ビシバシスペシャル). "Salaryman Champ" has also been ported to the same console.
Unlike the arcade game, the ported minigames do not always use the red, green and blue buttons of the PlayStation joypad; "button bashing" minigames allow the player to use the analog sticks or the shoulder buttons as well as the regular buttons.
Bishi Bashi Special.
The European release of "Bishi Bashi Special" is a compilation containing two games; Super Bishi Bashi and Hyper Bishi Bashi, published for the PlayStation by Konami. In Japan these games were released separately as "Bishi Bashi Special" and "Bishi Bashi Special 2". It is possible for up to eight players to play simultaneously via two PlayStation Multi Taps. Each game in the compilation contains mini games, some are loosely based around arcade classics such as "Breakout" ("Car Destroyer) and "Pac-Man" ("Super Gulper"). Other games, such as "Perm-Mania," in which the player plays as a dancer and has to keep in time with the rhythm to make his dancer's afro hairstyle grow, and "Jump for the Meat", in which the player plays a bodybuilder on a pogo-stick who has to jump high in order to grab a piece of meat, appear to be more original creations.
Each game begins with a brief set of instructions in order to give the player an idea as to what to do in the game ahead. The game has a rather Japanese feel to it with the accents of the narrator and general theme of many of the games being of Japanese origin.

</doc>
<doc id="9648090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648090" title="Edingthorpe">
Edingthorpe

Edingthorpe is a small village in the county of Norfolk, England, about south-east of Cromer. Edingthorpe civil parish was added to Bacton civil parish under the County of Norfolk Review Order, 1935.
Its church, All Saints, is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk, although it has a rare octagon top.

</doc>
<doc id="9648127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648127" title="Rossford High School">
Rossford High School

Rossford High School is a public high school in Rossford, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Rossford Exempted Village Schools district. The district also serves parts of Perrysburg and Lake townships within Wood County.
The current high school was built in 1923; and is connected to the adjacent junior high by an underground tunnel. The school buildings need upgrading according to recent studies.
Athletics.
Rossford call their sports teams the Bulldogs and they wear the school colors of maroon and gray. They were one of the founding members of the Northern Lakes League in 1956, but joined the Northern Buckeye Conference in 2011. Rossford has had a strong athletic tradition that dates back to the school's earliest competitions, despite being one of the smaller (if not smallest) schools in their league.
At the high school's location, basketball, volleyball, football, and the occasional soccer game are played. Baseball, softball, track & field, and soccer are played at the Glenwood Elementary complex almost 4 miles south of the main campus. Rossford is known locally for their unique football field setup, which only has one large set of stands set in the side of a hill. This leaves the visiting football team on a sideline without their fans behind them.

</doc>
<doc id="9648143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648143" title="The Story of Iceland">
The Story of Iceland

The Story of Iceland is an album of modern chamber music in multiple styles by violinist and multi-instrumentalist Eyvind Kang, accompanied by a large ensemble that includes guitarist Bill Frisell.

</doc>
<doc id="9648151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648151" title="Wembdon">
Wembdon

Wembdon is a rural village near Bridgwater, in Somerset, England.
Wembdon is now home to an Anglican church, a small shop (combined with the post office), a pub, a small garage and was home to a former fruit juice processing and packaging plant.
History.
Wembdon was listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as having "5 villagers and 6 smallholders with four ploughs".
The name Wembdon is believed to mean "Huntsman's Hill", referring to Wembdon Hill itself where Saxon* burials have been discovered. These are believed to be British burials which date to the Saxon period. Wembdon Hill is also the site of St. Johns Well, which was renowned for its healing powers from the 15th century onwards.
In 2002 a Northern distributor road for Bridgwater was built to the South of the Village to ease traffic congestion in Bridgwater town centre. The road had been part of local town planning since the 1980s, and building proceeded despite some local resistance.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of Sedgemoor, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Bridgwater Rural District, which is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Bridgwater and West Somerset county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Religious sites.
St. Georges Church, Wembdon was granted by William Testard, lord of Wembdon Manor, to St John's Hospital, Bridgwater in 1284. The church was badly damaged by fire in March 1868, and as the certificate for fire insurance had expired, had to be rebuilt with significant local aid.
Education.
A Church of England VC Primary school (Wembdon St. Georges) can be found in the village.
Culture.
Wembdon Village Day occurs towards the end of August every year, centred around competitions involving arts and crafts, fruit and vegetables, baking, jam making and wine making and many other events. It takes place on the playing field and nearby Parish centre building. A large car boot sale is also in place on the day and local radio station Quay West 107.4 conduct a live show from a stage during the event.
On the Saturday closest to 5 November, Guy Fawkes Night, a bonfire is set up on the playing field, and a fireworks display is shown during the evening.
St George's Parish Centre opposite the church is the venue for many village activities. These include Scouts and Guides, a nursery school and the meetings of the Wembdon Community Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9648156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648156" title="I Want One of Those">
I Want One of Those

I Want One of Those (also referred to as IWOOT) is an online retailer offering a selection of homeware, gadgets, gizmos, toys and office accessories as well as organised adventures. I Want One Of Those has a sister site in Spain and another sister site in Germany.
History.
The company was founded in January 2000 by Tim Booth, Angus Clacher and Mike Morrison, with Dave Booth joining later that year as MD, with an initial investment of £15,000.
On 12 August 2010 I Want One of Those was sold to The Hut Group

</doc>
<doc id="9648158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648158" title="Barra Seca">
Barra Seca

Barra Seca is an official nude beach in Brazil. While elsewhere in Brazil people are generally prohibited to be naked in public places, in Barra Seca you must be nude in the family area (the main part of the beach). Around the periphery of the beach, nudism is optional.
Barra Seca is the only nude beach in Espirito Santo State and the second recognized as an official nudist beach in the Southeast Region, Brazil region of Brazil. It is located in the municipality of São Mateus, 60 km north of the city of Linhares, on the north coast (Atlantic Ocean) of the state. The beach of Dry Bar was established with the support of the municipal administration, ambient agencies, association of inhabitants and traders of the Pontal health-resort of the Ipiranga and the local community, basically agriculturists and fishing. It is managed by the NatES - Congregação Naturista do Estado do Espírito Santo.
It is 60 kilometers east of Linhares and 200 kilometers north of Vitória.

</doc>
<doc id="9648161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648161" title="Hassingham">
Hassingham

Hassingham is a small village in the county of Norfolk, England, about ten miles east of Norwich.
Its church, St Mary, is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk. The bext-known former incumbent of Hassingham is the Rev. William Haslam, a nineteenth-Century evangelical, better known as the Vicar who was converted by his own sermon. Haslam held the living, together with that of nearby Buckenham from 1863 to 1871, having been presented to the living by Sir Thomas Beauchamp of Langley Hall. During Haslam's ministry in Hassingham, most of the population of this small village professed evangelical conversion.

</doc>
<doc id="9648166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648166" title="India Foundation for the Arts">
India Foundation for the Arts

India Foundation for the Arts (IFA) is an independent, nationwide philanthropy organisation, dedicated to strengthening the arts in India. Established as a public trust in 1993, IFA is headquartered in Bangalore. Its founder-director, Anmol Vellani previously worked for the Ford Foundation. IFA's mission is to enrich the arts in India, by providing support for innovative projects and capacity building across all the arts.
Management.
IFA believes that philanthropy is an activity that requires expert and professional attention. Constituted on a national basis, the Board of Trustees oversees IFA's management policies and professional goals. The Executive Director, Anmol Vellani, is a professional in arts management and organized philanthropy. Programme staff, drawn from different cultural environments and artistic disciplines, develop ideas and initiatives.
Programmes.
IFA's grant programmes respond to demand for assistance, while also giving encouragement to new perspectives and directions in the arts. IFA has made 190 grants across 17 states.
IFA support programmes.
The arts research and documentation programme supports research by arts scholars and practitioners. Attention is given to research into the construction of cultural traditions and the development of new methodologies for studying the contemporary arts. Support encourages archiving, research and writing in local languages.
The arts education programme studies the role of the arts in education. Priority is given to projects that create material resources, build infrastructure and strengthen advocacy for arts education. Grants support independent arts initiatives in learning contexts, the introduction of arts curricula in schools, and efforts to make the arts more meaningful to the wider public.
The extending arts practice supports artists and art groups with an interest in extending their work. Artists willing to experiment with an untried form, develop their practice through exchange and collaboration, work with new materials, try out a fresh style or idiom, or evolve new modes of artistic production are funded under the programme.
The new performance programme commissions productions in theatre, music, dance or other forms of performance art. These productions could straddle performance genres, explore multilingualism in performance, use new media in innovative ways, or address subjects that have not been widely explored in performance.
IFA offers grants for initiatives that do not fit within the framework of the funding programmes. These grants are available, for example, for non-profit art organizations to work towards becoming more self-reliant; for the formation of collectives or alliances to address the interest of specific art forms or the field of the arts in general; for artists to work in difficult or unusual environments or in response to challenging new social or political developments; and for projects concerned with community art practices that address issues of livelihood, revitalization and sustenance.
IFA has established a presence not only as a funding agency but also as a resource for the arts and grant-making sector at large. Grantees are given information and advice on expertise and materials relevant to their work, and alternative avenues of support for their projects. New philanthropic initiatives have drawn on IFA experience in grant making, fundraising and institution building.
Patrons.
Amitav Ghosh, Ustad Amjad Ali Khan, Ebrahim Alkazi, Padmabhushan Sri Lalgudi G Jayaraman, Mrinalini Sarabhai, Naseeruddin Shah, Shekhar Kapur, Syed Haider Raza, Raja Syed Muzaffar Ali

</doc>
<doc id="9648177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648177" title="Texas Cyclone (film)">
Texas Cyclone (film)

Texas Cyclone is a 1932 American Western film directed by D. Ross Lederman. The film stars Tim McCoy as "Texas Grant", Shirley Grey, Wheeler Oakman and John Wayne, and features an early appearance by Walter Brennan.
Plot.
Pecos Grant rides into a strange town only to find that everyone recognizes him, not as Pecos Grant.
Cast.
Uncredited cast
Trivia.
Tim McCoy later married Inga Arvad, who had been Adolf Hitler's escort at the 1936 Munich Olympic Games then had a torrid affair in Washington D.C. at the beginning of World War II with John F. Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="9648182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648182" title="Mary Queeny">
Mary Queeny

Mary Queeny (; 1913–2003) was an Egyptian actress and film producer.
She was born Mary Boutros Younis in 1913 to a Christian family in Lebanon. Her mother's cousin was Asaad Dagher, a writer and journalist at the "Al-Ahram" newspaper. In 1923 she moved to Cairo with her aunt, actress and film producer Assia Dagher. She took the name Mary Queeny when she was 12. She married Egyptian film actor and director Ahmed Galal in 1940. Their son is film director Nader Galal. Until her retirement in 1982, she produced all of the films he directed.
Queeny became a popular actor and producer in a pioneering age of Egyptian cinema. Her first role was in 1929 in the film "Ghadat al-sahara" ("The Desert Beauty"). She went on to star in all of her aunt's subsequent films. She appeared in 20 films and was among the first women in Egypt to appear on screen without a veil.
With her husband she founded Galal Films in 1942; in 1944 it became Gala Studios. During the Golden Age of Egyptian film, it was one of the five largest studios. In 1958 she established a film colour processing laboratory, which in 1963 she sold to the Misr Company, now Misr International, which was later acquired by Youssef Chahine and his niece, Marianne Khoury.
Queeny died on 23 November 2003 in Cairo of a heart attack. She was 90.

</doc>
<doc id="9648196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648196" title="Ladyhawk">
Ladyhawk

Ladyhawk or Ladyhawke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9648232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648232" title="Moulton St Mary">
Moulton St Mary

Moulton St Mary is a small village in the county of Norfolk, England, about two miles south of Acle. The village has a garden centre and a car garage.
Its Church of St Mary is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk. It is redundant and under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9648241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648241" title="Paul Loughran">
Paul Loughran

Paul Loughran (born 7 July 1969 in Belfast) is a Northern Irish actor. He was educated at Methodist College Belfast. He is best known for portraying Butch Dingle in ITV Soap Opera "Emmerdale" in which his character died in a bus crash with friend Pete Collins. After that he appeared in many other Soaps such as "Heartbeat". During the 1980s when the real voice of Gerry Adams, the spokesman for Sinn Féin, was forbidden to be broadcast in Britain, Loughran's voice dubbed into recordings of him broadcast on British airwaves.

</doc>
<doc id="9648242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648242" title="Oregon's at-large congressional district">
Oregon's at-large congressional district

Oregon's At-large congressional district is a former United States Congressional District. During its existence, Oregon voters elected a Representative of the United States House of Representatives At-large from the entire state. 
History.
The district came into existence when the U.S. state of Oregon was admitted to the Union on February 14, 1859. Its first representative, La Fayette Grover, had been elected in June 1858 in anticipation of statehood, but since Congress delayed action until February 1859, Grover served only 17 days as Representative.
The district ceased to exist after the 1890 U.S. census apportioned another representative to Oregon beginning with the 53rd United States Congress which convened on March 3, 1893. Binger Hermann was Oregon's last At-large Representative. He represented Oregon's 1st congressional district beginning in 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="9648258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648258" title="Jean-Marie Basset">
Jean-Marie Basset

Jean-Marie Basset (born 9 June 1943) is a French chemist, currently the director of KAUST catalysis research center.
Professor Basset received his PhD in 1969 from the University of Lyon, France. After a postdoctoral position in Toronto he moved to the Institute of Catalysis in Lyon where he became vice-director. He is Chevalier dans l’Ordre National du Mérite.
He came to CNRS in 1971 and has occupied several positions, including vice-director of the Institute of Catalysis Institut de recherches sur la catalyse et l'environnement de Lyon IRCEL Lyon. Dr. Basset also founded the consortium, "Actane," on alkane activation with 11 university labs and five companies. Since 1992, he also has served as scientific director of L’École Supérieure de Chimie Physique Electronique de Lyon (CPE Lyon), which is training 450 chemists and 350 physiscists in a three-year scholarship program. In 1987, he funded the Laboratory of Surface Organometallic Chemistry that became later the laboratory of Chemistry, Catalysis, Polymer, Process (C2P2) that he has held from 1994 to 2007. Professor Basset’s Lyon lab was home to 100 scientists, including Nobel Laureate Yves Chauvin Yves Chauvin who got his Nobel in 2005. He founded and served as President of a European Network on Catalysis, Integrated Design of Catalytic Nanomaterials for a Sustainable Production (IDECAT) which includes 40 labs and 20 companies.
Professor Basset holds various professional memberships: He is Member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts Academia Europaea, Member of the European Academy of Sciences European Academy of Sciences, Member of the French Academy of Technologies, Member of the French Academy of Sciences Academie des Sciences
He is the recipient of several national and international awards: The Grand Prix de la Societe Chimique de France Grand Prix Pierre Sue, the «Grammaticakis Neuman» Award of the French Academy of Sciences, the «Alexander Von Humboldt» Award Humboldt Award, the Augustine award of the ORSC, the Distinguished Achievements Award of IMPI, the «Prix de l’Institut Français du Pétrole» from the Academy of Sciences, the «Japan Society for the Promotion of Sciences» Award JSPS, the «Procope» Award for French–German collaboration. In 1991, he earned together with Prof. Wolfgang A. Herrmann the renowned scientific research award from the Max Planck Society.
He gave several lectures tours including the "Pacific Coast Lecture », the Glen T. «Seaborg Lecture" GT Seaborg lecture (Université of Berkeley], the August-Wilhem-Von-Hofman-Vorselung“ Lecture.
He is the author of over 500 publications and 50 patents. His main research interests are the relations between homogeneous and heterogeneous catalysis, the metathesis of olefins and alkanes as well as Ziegler–Natta depolymerization. He has discovered thanks to the discipline of Surface organometallic Chemistry, several new reactions: -The “Metathesis of alkanes” that transforms most acyclic paraffins into their higher and lower homologues, -the “Cleavage of alkanes by methane” a novel reaction linked to the activation of a C-H bond which is even more difficult to activate - that of methane – followed by a series of concerted pathways. The “Transformation of polyethylene to diesel range gasoline” that we also called “Ziegler-Natta Depolymerization”, -the “Non oxidative coupling of methane to ethane and hydrogen” which allows forming a C-C bond from methane alone, -the “Direct transformation of light alkanes to gasoline” which represents another facet of the metathesis of alkanes. The “Direct transformation of ethylene to propylene” a very simple new reaction in which a tungsten tris-hydride on alumina can transform catalytically 3 moles of ethylene into 2 moles of propylene. The dissociative activation of di-nitrogen on a single Tantalum atom.

</doc>
<doc id="9648264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648264" title="Fort Clark">
Fort Clark

Fort Clark can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9648267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648267" title="Aquinas College, Tauranga">
Aquinas College, Tauranga

Aquinas College is a state integrated Special Character school on the south western outskirts of Tauranga City, New Zealand. It is a Roman Catholic Co-educational combined collegiate and intermediate (yrs 7-13). It was founded in 2003 with St. Thomas Aquinas as its patron by the first Principal Brendon Schollum (2003–2010), a former Catholic monk.
The school colours are green and navy blue. First formers (Yr 7) to fifth formers (Yr 11) wear white (female) or dark blue (male) blouse/shirts with navy shorts or green skirt. Sixth and seventh form (Yr 12-13) wear a Green Blazer with navy skirt or trousers. All students wear the blue and gold school tie from term 2 until term 3 along with the winter uniform, which changes back to the summer uniform in term 4.
House system.
The school has four houses. They are:
Each house is represented by a different colour - Purple for Browne, blue for Cluny, gold for Foy and red for Heni Pore. The annual House Championship is fiercely contested for.
Sport.
Aquinas fields numerous teams across a wide range of sports, with many teams and individuals representing the College regionally and nationally, including, but not limited to: basketball, rugby, soccer, water polo, softball, tennis, rowing and clay pigeon shooting. 
Curriculum.
NCEA levels 1,2 and 3 are offered to years eleven to thirteen. Religious Education is compulsory as a subject from years seven to year thirteen.

</doc>
<doc id="9648281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648281" title="Faisal bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud">
Faisal bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud

Faisal bin Salman (born 25 December 1970) is a member of the House of Saud and governor of Madinah province in Saudi Arabia.
Early life and education.
Prince Faisal was born in Jeddah on 25 December 1970. He is the fifth son of Salman bin Abdulaziz, who has been the minister of defense since November 2011 and Crown Prince since June 2012. His mother is Sultana bint Turki Al Sudairi, who died in July 2011. She was a daughter of Prince Salman's uncle, Turki bin Ahmad Al Sudairi, who was formerly the governor of Asir Province. Faisal is a full brother of the late Prince Fahd, the late Prince Ahmed, Prince Sultan, Prince Abdulaziz and Princess Hussa (born 1974).
Faisal bin Salman holds a bachelor’s degree in political science from King Saud University. He received a PhD from Oxford University in 1999. His PhD thesis was titled "Iran, Saudi Arabia and the Gulf: Power Politics in Transition 1968-1971". It was published I.B.Tauris in 2003.
Career.
Before embarking on a business career, Faisal bin Salman was a professor of political science at King Saud University. He studied especially political relations in the Persian Gulf region among the others during his academic career.
After the death of his brother Prince Ahmed in 2002, Prince Faisal took over as chairman of the Saudi Research and Marketing Group (SRMG), reportedly the largest media company in the Middle East, North and Central Africa. He was reported to own around seven percent of the company, while the family of his late brother Ahmed owns three percent. Faisal bin Salman is the owner of "Arab News", "Asharq Al-Awsat" and "Al Eqtisadiah". It is reported that all these publications take a pro-government position and support King Abdullah’s cautious reforms. On the other hand, these papers are among publications owned by Saudi Research and Publishing Company, which is an affiliated body of SRMG. Faisal bin Salman began to publish a new magazine through SRMG that is an Arabic translation of the magazine "Robb Report." SRMG also publishes an Islamic finance magazine and translations of Italy's design magazine "Domus". In addition, the company is planning to publish other translations including "Better Homes and Gardens". Prince Faisal also established a school for training journalists and other media people. He has been the chairman of Jadwa Investment, a Riyadh-based leading Saudi investment bank, since 2006. After his appointment as governor of Madinah Province, Faisal bin Salman was succeeded by his half-brother, Turki bin Salman, as chairman of the SRMG.
On 14 January 2013, Faisal bin Salman was appointed governor of Madinah province at the rank of minister, replacing Abdulaziz bin Majid.
Other positions.
Prince Faisal joined the council of The International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) in 2009. He is also chairman of the board of social responsibility in Riyadh. In addition, he chairs the executive committee of “Ensan Society” that deals with various support programs for orphans.
Views.
Faisal bin Salman stated in 2007 that social change in Saudi Arabia had to be slow.
Awards.
Faisal bin Salman was named "The Man of the Year 2004 in business" by "Arabian Business" in 2004. He was also named Media Personality of the Year by the Arab Media Forum in 2009.
Horse racing.
His brothers Prince Fahd and Prince Ahmed, both deceased, were involved in thoroughbred horse racing. After the death of Prince Ahmed in 2002, Prince Faisal succeeded him as the head of The Thoroughbred Corporation. In addition, he owns Belgrave Bloodstock in England.
In 2002, Faisal bin Salman had 12 horses in training, with Paul Cole, Sir Mark Prescott and John Gosden in England; Aidan O'Brien in Ireland; Jean-Claude Rouget in France; and Julio Canini and Graham Motion in the United States. It is reported that his best horse is Last Second, dam of Aussie Rules. She won both the Sun Chariot Stakes and Nassau Stakes in 1996. Prince Faisal also won the 1995 Cherry Hinton Stakes with another horse, Applaud. Last Second later became his most successful broodmare and resides with his eight other mares at Kirtlington Stud in Oxfordshire. His racing manager is British trainer Paul Webber. In 2011, Central Park was Faisal's best juvenile.
Prince Faisal bred Aussie Rules in Kentucky and is currently racing him in cooperation with Susan Magnier and Michael Tabor. He had four mares boarded at Indian Creek Farm near Paris. The dam of Aussie Rules, Last Second, has had only one foal sell at public auction, Bold Glance, who went for $2,202,250 in October 2005. Belgrave also has kept several fillies out of Last Second, including stakes winner Approach. Other mares are kept at Chris Budgett's Kirtlington Stud in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9648326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648326" title="John E. Bercaw">
John E. Bercaw

John E. Bercaw (born December 3, 1944) is an American chemist and Centennial Professor of Chemistry at the California Institute of Technology. 
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Bercaw obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1971 under the direction of Hans-Herbert Brintzinger, followed by postdoctoral research with Jack Halpern at the University of Chicago. 
He joined the faculty at the Caltech in 1972. Bercaw was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1991.
He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences (elected 1990), and he has received several national awards from the American Chemical Society (see below). 
His research interests are in synthetic, structural and mechanistic organotransition metal chemistry, including most recently catalysts for polymerization and trimerization of olefins and investigations of hydrocarbon hydroxylation; fundamental transformations and thermodynamics of organotransition metal chemistry; catalysts for hydrocarbon partial oxidation; catalysts for olefin trimerization and polymerization; homogeneous transformations of carbon monoxide and dihydrogen to fuels and chemicals.
Prof. Bercaw has greatly enhanced our understanding of the mechanisms of Ziegler-Natta (ZN) olefin polymerizations. This metal-catalyzed polymerization process is operated on a vast scale and produces, worldwide, over 200 billion pounds of polyolefins per year. Bercaw’s work has led to a fundamental understanding of the detailed mechanisms of chain growth in ZN polymerizations and the factors which control syndio- and isotacticities and the degree of comonomer incorporation in copolymerizations; these variables are critical in determining the physical properties of the resultant polymers and copolymers.
Commercial processes have been based on Bercaw’s discoveries. For example, new and superior ethylene/alpha-olefin copolymers are now industrially produced with titanium catalysts utilizing (η5- C5Me4)SiMe2NCMe3 and related ligands devised in Bercaw’s laboratories. These copolymers have proved to have superior properties. These types of systems have also allowed superior methods for production of ethylene/propylene and ethylene/propylene/diene elastomers.

</doc>
<doc id="9648331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648331" title="Gyula Szentessy">
Gyula Szentessy

Gyula Szentessy (b. Oradea, 18 December 1870 - d. Budapest, 30 October 1905) was a Hungarian poet.
Biography.
Szentessy lived in Oradea, Cluj, and Buda. He studied law at the University of Budapest and was Assistant Hungarian Postmaster General. His sister Mária was the mother of the cultural historian Bela Borsody Bevilaqua,PhD. Gyula's grandfather was Daniel Szentessy one of the globetrotters that Bela Borsody wrote about in his book entitled Regi Magyar Vilagjrok or Hungarian Old World Travellers. Dániel Szentessy (1805, Zemplénszentes – 1895, Nagyvárad) was a sword-forging master. His family ruled the city of Szentes from which his surname is derived szentesi. After the early death of his parents, he was adopted by a Nagyvárad merchant. He completed the Várad Latin school, and studied sword-forging. As a journeyman, he started his wanderings in 1825. The main stations of his fifteen years of travels were the world-famous places of contemporary armoury: Vienna, Innsbruck, Alsace-Lorraine, Flandreau, Sheffield, Bayonne, Cordoba, Toledo, Algiers, Tunis, Damascus, and Istanbul. He returned home to open a workshop in Nagyvárad in 1840. He took part in the 1848 Revolution. He was court-martialed and sentenced to two years’ imprisonment in Munkács Castle. Released in 1851, he lived in Nagyvárad until his death.
Gyula Szentessy's mother was the widow of the mayor of Cluj. She had to become a seamstress and was exposed to the dreary life of proletárian suffering. Gyula felt the beauty of human life, especially in the working lives of women. His poetry promoted socialist reforms for women. His poetry focused on the recognition that love is the only happiness of the human soul. Love makes it possible to achieve the most beautiful dreams. Literary historians consider Gyula Szentessy to be a poet describing social classes of the circles of proletarian and poor petty bourgeois women. Although the theme of a lot of his poems can be related to urban scenes, the linguistic and poetic aspect of his ways of presentation does not seem so stratificated. A typical feature of his poetry is making contrasts between scenes like country and town, or effects like darkness and light, silence and noise, which often carries metaphorical or allegorical meaning.
One of his most famous poems was written about his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="9648332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648332" title="Western Australian state election, 2005">
Western Australian state election, 2005

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 26 February 2005 to elect all 57 members to the Legislative Assembly and all 34 members to the Legislative Council. The Labor government, led by Premier Geoff Gallop, won a second term in office against the Liberal Party, led by Opposition Leader Colin Barnett.
Results.
Legislative Assembly.
Notes:
Legislative Council.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="9648360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648360" title="Kankakee Community College">
Kankakee Community College

Kankakee Community College (KCC) is a two-year institution of higher learning located in Kankakee, northeastern Illinois. The main campus is located on the southern border of the city of Kankakee and spans along the banks of the Kankakee River. KCC is accredited by the Commission on Institutions of Higher Education of the North Central Association of Colleges. The college was founded in 1966. Its president is John Avendano.
The college offered its first classes in September 1968. Since that date, it has served as an educational, vocational, and recreational center for residents of Community College District 520, an area encompassing all or part of Kankakee, Iroquois, Ford, Grundy, Livingston, and Will counties and serving a population of approximately 150,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9648361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648361" title="Michael Mackay">
Michael Mackay

Michael Mackay (born 11 October 1982 in Durham, England) is a professional footballer.
He made the move to Durham City from Birtley Town, where he scored prolifically, with 29 goals in his first season. He scored 30 goals before moving to Consett.
Mackay scored 43 goals in the first half of the 2006/7 season, which tempted Hartlepool to sign him in February 2007.
Mackay scored his first league goal for Hartlepool United on 2 October against Carlisle United, and then scored another goal in the Johnstone's Paint Trophy against Lincoln City on 9 October, a week after scoring his first. Mackay signed a new contract with the club in the summer of 2009.
On 3 August 2009, Mackay signed for Gateshead on loan for six months, making his debut in a 0–3 defeat to Histon five days later. Mackay scored his first goal for Gateshead the following week in a 1–2 defeat to Luton Town.
In May 2011, he was not offered a new contract by Hartlepool, along with nine other players from the 2010/11 squad.

</doc>
<doc id="9648367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648367" title="Tuttington">
Tuttington

Tuttington is a village is located in the civil parish of Burgh and Tuttington, in the English county of Norfolk. The village is 11.1 miles south of Cromer, 15 miles north of Norwich and 129 miles north-east of London. The village lies 3 miles east of the nearby town of Aylsham. The nearest railway station is at North Walsham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport. 
Its church, St Peter and St Paul, is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk. 
Opposite the church, there is a Dutch gabled building that used to be the village shop and post office, which closed in May 1987. Next door to that there used to be a pub called "The Ship". It has been said that as the village is several miles from the sea or any navigable waterways, this name could be a corruption of "The Sheep" as the pub may have been a welcome watering hole for drovers.

</doc>
<doc id="9648377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648377" title="Yelena Koreneva">
Yelena Koreneva

Yelena Alekseyevna Koreneva (; b. October 3, 1953, Moscow) is a Russian actress.
Career.
She has appeared in over 60 films and TV and made her debut in Vas vyzyvaet Taymyr (Taimyr Calls You), in 1970.
Personal life.
She is married to Andrei Taskov, also an actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9648387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648387" title="HNoMS Svenner (G03)">
HNoMS Svenner (G03)

HNoMS "Svenner" was an S-class destroyer in the service of the exiled Royal Norwegian Navy during World War II. She was launched on 1 June 1943 as the Royal Navy ship HMS "Shark" (G03), but was rechristened HNoMS "Svenner" when she was commissioned in the Royal Norwegian Navy in 1944. "Svenner" was sunk off Sword Beach, Normandy, at dawn on 6 June 1944, while supporting the British Army landings.
HNoMS "Svenner" was hit by two torpedoes fired from one of two German T-boats, either Jaguar or Moewe of 5th T Flotilla operating out of Le Havre, that managed to get within firing range. The "Svenner" was the only allied ship to be sunk by German Naval activity on the morning of 6 June. She was struck amidships, exploded, broke in two and sank very quickly. 32 Norwegian and one British crew were killed, 185 (15 wounded) were rescued from the crew of 219. (The book "D-Day" by Stephen Ambrose contains a photograph, in the 16 pages of photographs after page 160, of the moment that the "Svenner" blew up.) 
The anchor from the "Svenner" was recovered in 2003 and now forms 'The Svenner Memorial' at Sword Beach. The memorial can be found approximately 100 yards on the sea-side of the coast road at Hermanville-sur-Mer, Normandy, France.

</doc>
<doc id="9648404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648404" title="Oba of Lagos">
Oba of Lagos

The King of Lagos is the traditional, yet ceremonial, sovereign of Lagos, a historic outpost of the Benin kingdom that went on to become one of the largest cities in Africa after first giving its name to Lagos State, the acknowledged financial heart of contemporary Nigeria. The king has no political power, but is sought as a counsel or sponsor by Nigerian politicians who seek support from the various residents of Lagos. Among other ceremonial roles, the Oba also plays a central part in the Eyo festival as well as indulging in tourism advertisements on behalf of the city, often stating, "you've gotta go to Lagos".
Although its line of kings are indeed of Edo origin, they have also largely been of Yoruba descent, and the modern kingdom is commonly considered to be a Yoruba traditional state as a result of this fact.
The Royal Seat.
The official residence of the king, since 1630, is Iga Idunganran, a castle constructed by the Portuguese over the course of close to a century. It is today a very popular tourist site.

</doc>
<doc id="9648405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648405" title="Elsa Benham">
Elsa Benham

Elsa Benham (November 20, 1908 – April 20, 1995, Irving, Texas) was a dancer and silent movie performer from St. Louis, Missouri.
Benham was discovered by film director James Cruze as a member of the Kosloff Ballet when she performed in Hollywood in 1924. Cruz signed her to a small part in a movie he was making. Her career progressed quickly as she secured roles in "Dick Turpin" (1925) with Tom Mix and "The Phantom of the Opera", which starred Mary Philbin and Lon Chaney.
In 1925 Benham won a popularity contest conducted by the West Hollywood Business Men's Association. It was entered by many film actresses. She was awarded a diamond ring for winning. Press reports compared her appearance to actress Barbara La Marr, though Benham was many years younger. Benham was about 5'5" in height, with hazel eyes, and black hair.
Benham had a brief tenure as a Hollywood actress. Most of her screen credits are in western films. Some of the titles are "Fighting With Buffalo Bill" (1925), "Speeding Hoofs" (1927), and "Code of the Cow Country" (1927).

</doc>
<doc id="9648408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648408" title="Siegfried Blechert">
Siegfried Blechert

Siegfried Blechert (born 1946 in Aalborg, Denmark) is a German chemist.
Professor Siegfried Blechert studied chemistry at the University of Hannover, Germany and completed his PhD under the supervision of Professor Ekkehard Winterfeldt in 1974. After a research stay with Professor Pierre Potier in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, in 1981, he finished his habilitation at the University of Hannover in 1982 and there became lecturer in organic chemistry. In 1986 he took up a professorship at the University of Bonn. In 1990 he accepted the Chair of the Organic Chemistry Department at the Technical University of Berlin.
His research interests include the development of new catalysts for olefin metathesis, novel synthetic methods, and the stereoselective synthesis of natural products.

</doc>
<doc id="9648420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648420" title="Carey High School (Carey, Ohio)">
Carey High School (Carey, Ohio)

Carey High School is a public high school in Carey, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Carey Exempted Village Schools district. Their nickname is the Blue Devils. They are members of the Northern 10 Athletic Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9648424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648424" title="Reverse triiodothyronine">
Reverse triiodothyronine

Reverse triiodothyronine (3,3’,5’-triiodothyronine, reverse T3, or rT3) is an isomer of triiodothyronine (3,5,3’ triiodothyronine, T3). Reverse T3 is the third-most common iodothyronine the thyroid gland releases into the bloodstream, of which 0.9% is rT3; tetraiodothyronine (levothyroxine, T4) constitutes 90% and T3 is 9%. However, 95% of rT3 in human blood is made elsewhere in the body, as enzymes remove a particular iodine atom from T4.
The production of hormone by the thyroid gland is controlled by the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. The physiological activity of thyroid hormone is regulated by a system of enzymes that activate, inactivate or simply discard the prohormone T4 and in turn functionally modify T3 and rT3. These enzymes operate under complex direction of systems including neurotransmitters, hormones, markers of metabolism and immunological signals. 
The levels of rT3 increase in conditions such as euthyroid sick syndrome resulting from decreased clearance. It increases in sick euthyroid syndrome because its clearance decreases while its production stays the same. The decreased clearance is possibly from lower 5'-deiodinase activity in the peripheral tissue or decreased liver uptake of rT3.

</doc>
<doc id="9648441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648441" title="8th Motorized Infantry Brigade (Greece)">
8th Motorized Infantry Brigade (Greece)

The 8th Motorized Infantry Brigade () is one of the most historic units of the Hellenic Army, tracing its ancestry to the 8th Infantry Division (VIII Μεραρχία Πεζικού). It is based at Ioannina, and has traditionally garrisoned the area of Epirus. Active since the Balkan Wars, the division is most notable for its decisive role during the first days of the Greco-Italian War, when it successfully stopped the initial Italian offensive, and bought time for the Greek reinforcements to arrive and turn the tide. This fact is reflected in the division's motto, ""Ochi"".
History.
The 8th Infantry Division, initially named the Epirus Division, was formed in January 1913, during the First Balkan War, out of the 15th Infantry Regiment, the 2nd Evzones Regiment and the Independent Cretan Regiment. It participated in the operations for the capture of Ioannina and the subsequent push into Northern Epirus. In December it was placed on garrison duties, with its regiments dispersed at Preveza, Corfu and Lefkada. The division fought in the Macedonian Front of the First World War and the operations for the occupation of Western Thrace in 1920. Following the Greek defeat, it returned to Epirus, with its new headquarters at Ioannina. Its subordinate units throughout the subsequent period were: the 15th Infantry Regiment at Ioannina, the 10th Infantry Regiment a Corfu, and the 24th Infantry Regiment (later reorganized as the 3/40 Evzone Regiment) at Preveza and later Arta.
Since 1930, the division bore sole responsibility for the defense of the Epirus sector of the Greco-Albanian border. Due to the relative military weakness of Albania, the sector was "quiet" and far less vital than the border with Bulgaria. This changed in April 1939, when Fascist Italy invaded and occupied Albania. Under its commander, Maj Gen Charalambos Katsimitros, the division engaged in a feverish activity of constructing fortifications and laying out defensive plans. With the Italian invasion looming from August 1940 onwards, a limited mobilization was carried out, which brought the division up to strength and even allowed for the reconstitution of the 24th Regiment as a separate unit. This fact, combined with Katsimitros' decision to insist on forward defense, would prove decisive factors in the rapid containment of the initial Italian main thrust into Epirus. The division was deployed in a defensive position stretching from the village of Elaia (Kalpaki) to the line of the river Kalamas, and for six days, from November 2 to November 8, successfully repelled the successive attacks by the XXV Italian Corps. By that point, the mobilization of the Greek reserves had been completed, and in conjunction with the Greek victory in the Battle of Pindus, the division's victory at the Battle of Elaia-Kalamas signalled the failure of the Italian attack.
The division fought throughout the subsequent Albanian campaign, but was dissolved along with the rest of the Greek Army after the German invasion in April 1941. During the Axis Occupation of Greece, the ELAS partisan army created an 8th Division, but this too was disbanded in early 1945. The 8th Division was formally reconstituted only in 1946, as the Hellenic Army started being rebuilt, from the forces of the Epirus Military Command, comprising the 74th, 75th and 76th brigades. Until 1949, the division took part in the operations of the Greek Civil War as a part of the governmental National Army.
In the 2013 army reorganization, the division was reduced in size and converted into a motorized infantry brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="9648456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648456" title="12th Mechanized Infantry Division (Greece)">
12th Mechanized Infantry Division (Greece)

The 12th Mechanized Infantry Division "Evros" () is a military formation of the Hellenic Army, based at Alexandroupoli, Thrace.
History.
The division was formed in the reorganization and expansion of the Hellenic Army following the Balkan Wars of 1912–13. It was activated on 23 December (O.S.) 1913 at Kozani, comprising the 31st, 32nd, 33rd Infantry Regiments and the XII Mountain Artillery Battalion. It formed part of III Army Corps. The original formation was disbanded during the National Schism and did not take part in any engagements during World War I. 
In February 1920, the Xanthi Division (Μεραρχία Ξάνθης) was formed at Thessaloniki from Thracian recruits, whence its naming after the city of Xanthi. Commanded by Major General Konstantinos Mazarakis-Ainian, it comprised the 13th, 14th, 15th Infantry Regiments, the XII Mountain Artillery Regiment and other divisional units. In May 1920, the division took part in the Greek takeover of Western Thrace, after which it was shipped to Anatolia where it took part in the Greek offensive operations against the Turkish nationalist forces. In July it was withdrawn from the Anatolian front and re-shipped to take part in the operations for the capture of Eastern Thrace.
Following the 1920 elections and the victory of the anti-Venizelist royalist coalition, the Xanthi Division was renamed as the 12th Infantry Division.
In early 1921, it was reformed under the command of Prince Andrew and, comprising the 14th, 41st and 46th Regiments, was transferred once again to the Anatolian front, landing in Smyrna between 29 May and 6 June 1921. The division took part in the Battle of Kütahya–Eskişehir and the Greek advance to Ankara, which ended in the Battle of Sakarya. The division was commanded from 15 July by Colonel Periklis Kallidopoulos. The division remained in Anatolia under I Army Corps until the great Turkish offensive in August 1922. The division was practically destroyed as a fighting force after the Battle of Dumlupınar; its remnants—155 officers, 2,240 men, 1,010 animals, 18 guns and 15 machine-guns—embarked at Çesme for Chios on 31 August. 
In Greece, its remnants were merged with the Independent Division to form the new 12th Division at Feres as part of the Army of the Evros (October 1922). It remained in Western Thrace after the signature of the Treaty of Lausanne, based at Komotini. Upon the outbreak of the Greco-Italian War in October 1940, the division remained in Thrace, and provided the cadre for several reserve regiments, which were transferred to other divisions. On 6 March 1941, with the expected German invasion of Greece looming, the division was transferred to the Central Macedonia Army Section, and was placed under the British Commonwealth troops holding the Vermion–Aliakmon line. Coming under German attack at the Battle of Siatista Pass, the division retreated to the southwest and lost much of its force to desertion; finally, with the Greek capitulation on 24 April, the division, by now reduced to some 1,000 men, was disbanded. 
12th Infantry Division was reformed on 26 August 1964 at Alexandroupoli, with the 29th, 30th and 31st Regiments and other divisional units. In June 1996 it was converted into a mechanized infantry division, and in 2009 it received the honorific title "Evros".
Emblem and motto.
The division's emblem depicts two roosters confronting each other. It and the divisional motto, "Έως αν τον ετέρον προπεσείν" ("Until one of them falls") are inspired by a quote of the historian Polybius, describing the Romans and Carthaginians during the First Punic War: "We may compare the spirit displayed by both states to that of game cocks engaged in a death-struggle. For we often see that when these birds have lost the use of their wings from exhaustion, their courage remains as high as ever and they continue to strike blow upon blow, until closing involuntarily they get a deadly hold of each other, and as soon as this happens one or the other of the two will soon fall dead."

</doc>
<doc id="9648459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648459" title="16th Mechanized Infantry Division (Greece)">
16th Mechanized Infantry Division (Greece)

The 16th Mechanized Infantry Division () is a major mechanized infantry formation of the Hellenic Army.

</doc>
<doc id="9648466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648466" title="20th Armored Division (Greece)">
20th Armored Division (Greece)

The 20th Armored Division (, XX ΤΘΜ, "XX Tethorakismeni Merarchia"), is the only armored division of the Hellenic Army. It is headquartered in Kavala, Macedonia.
Emblem and motto.
The emblem depicts a Centaur ready to fire an arrow. The body of the horse symbolizes strength and aggressiveness of armor/cavalry, and the human body symbolizes the soldier who controls the vehicle and directs the weapon.
The motto of the 20th Armored Division is "In The Shade" (, "Ypo Skii"). The phrase is attributed to the Spartan soldier Dienekes, who on the eve of the Battle of Thermopylae, was told by a native of Trachis that the Persian archers were so numerous that their arrows would block out the sun. Dienekes replied with a laugh, "Good. Then we will fight in the shade."

</doc>
<doc id="9648476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648476" title="2nd Mechanized Infantry Division (Greece)">
2nd Mechanized Infantry Division (Greece)

The 2nd Mechanized Infantry Division is a division of the Hellenic Army. It was founded in 1897 as the 2nd Division (Β' Μεραρχία, later ΙΙ Μεραρχία), based at Athens.
In 1998, the division was directly subordinate to the II Army Corps. It comprised the 33rd and 34th Brigades, both mechanised. Both were equipped with M-113s and Leopard MBTs. In 2014 the 24th Armored Brigade was transferred to the 2nd Mechanized Infantry Division, which in its current form with three brigades is the strategic reserve of the Hellenic Army.

</doc>
<doc id="9648483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648483" title="Brush HMA">
Brush HMA

Brush HMA is a manufacturer of large generators for gas turbine and steam turbine drive applications, based at Ridderkerk in the Netherlands. 
The Brush HMA manufacturing plant is located adjacent to the river North at Ridderkerk near Rotterdam in the Netherlands. The business began back in November 1882 when two young Dutch entrepreneurs, Adriaan Pot and Willem Smit established a company called Elektrisch Licht-Machinen Fabriek Willem Smit & Co. 
Later, the name changed to Smit Slikkerveer. In the early days, the company manufactured various electrical products including dynamos and lighting equipment. This was followed by direct current (DC) and alternating current (AC) electric motors, generators, drives and transformers. 
In 1962, following a merger between Smit Slikkerveer and the dominant Heemaf Hengelo along with several other companies, the new name of Samenwerkende Elektrotechische Fabrieken Holec N.V. was created. During the 1980s, the company, which was simply known as Holec Machines and Apparaten ("HOLEC"), was suffering from failing business due to downturns and changes in old industries, such as the shipbuilding industry. The resulting economics required more restructuring to meet the uncertainty. 
In 1989, the Holec Machines and Appararten business along with associated sister companies were taken over by the Royal Begemann Group, which provided considerable capital investment for the new plants, and equipment required to keep the divisions viable and competitive in a global market place. It also allowed "Holec" to move further into traction electrical machines. 
In March 1998, the division of what had been the old "Smit Slikkerveer" was split into two smaller but focussed business units, HMA Power Systems and Traxis BV. Traxis BV focussed on traction control equipment whereas the larger HMA Power Systems concentrated on its core business of medium to large AC generators, DC traction motors, associated control equipment, and service and repair work. 
Early in 2000, HMA Power Systems was purchased outright by FKI plc which was in turn purchased by private equity company Melrose PLC in 2008. It is now part of the larger group Brush Turbo Generators, the Brush HMA element of which currently employs approximately three hundred fifty staff across its range of manufacturing shops, design and development offices. 
The Brush HMA plant at Ridderkerk, not to be confused with the other "Holec" Ridderkerk enterprise that became part of France's Alstom, has manufactured many different types of electrical machines and associated equipment over the last one hundred twenty years. Today its core business is centred on the manufacture of medium sized four pole turbo-generators (Brush Turbogenerator Division centre of excellence), AC traction motors and service and repair of electrical machines. In the four pole turbogenerator range, the principal product is the DG range, which is sold globally to all major oil and gas companies.

</doc>
<doc id="9648487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648487" title="Roy Spencer (baseball)">
Roy Spencer (baseball)

Roy Hampton Spencer (February 22, 1900 – February 8, 1973) born in Scranton, North Carolina was a catcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1925–27), Washington Senators (1929–32), Cleveland Indians (1933–34), New York Giants (1936) and Brooklyn Dodgers (1937–38).
He helped the Pirates win the 1925 World Series and the 1927 National League Pennant and the Giants win the 1936 NL Pennant.
In 12 seasons he played in 636 Games and had 1,814 At Bats, 177 Runs, 448 Hits, 57 Doubles, 13 Triples, 3 Home Runs, 203 RBI, 4 Stolen Bases, 128 Walks, .247 Batting Average, .301 On-base percentage, .298 Slugging Percentage, 540 Total Bases and 42 Sacrifice Hits.
He died in Port Charlotte, Florida at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="9648490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648490" title="Running Blind (Lee Child novel)">
Running Blind (Lee Child novel)

The Visitor is the fourth book in the "Jack Reacher" series written by Lee Child. It was published in 2000 by Bantam in the United Kingdom. In the United States; the book was released under the title Running Blind. It is written in the third person.
Plot summary.
The prologue opens with a mystery person's point of view on knowledge, power and killing, "People say that knowledge is power. The more knowledge, the more power. Suppose you knew the winning numbers for the lottery? You would run to the store. And you would win. Same for the stock market. You're not talking about a trend or a percentage game or a whisper or a tip. You're talking about knowledge. Real, hard knowledge. You would buy. Then later you'd sell, and you'd be rich. Any kind of sports at all, if you could predict the future, you'd be home and dry. Same for anything. Same for killing people."
The story begins in New York City, with Reacher confronting and beating up two thugs sent to collect protection racket money from the new restaurant he was eating in, during which he deliberately implies that he is a member of a rival crime organisation. Reacher is picked up by the FBI and questioned but explains he's been a loner since he mustered out of the army. He is then questioned about two women whose cases of sexual harassment he dealt with when he was an MP. It is revealed they have both been killed in the last few months and a criminal profiling team has come to the conclusion that the person responsible was someone exactly like Reacher.
Reacher's girlfriend arrives, Jodie Garber-Jacob, and after further questioning, Reacher is released. Jodie returns to work, and Reacher drives to his house in upstate New York that he inherited from Leon Garber. He is soon called upon by two members of the FBI team that previously questioned him. A third woman has been killed, also an ex-soldier who filed for sexual harassment – albeit in a different timeframe from the first two. The FBI compels him to assist with the investigation by making him an offer he cannot refuse.
Reacher and Special Agent Lamarr, the lead profiler on the team, drive from New York to the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia, whilst discussing information on the case. Lamarr's stepsister, it so happens, is a woman with the same particulars as the three already killed. Lamarr also reveals the killer's M.O., which is killing the victims in an unknown way, with no bruises or injuries, leaving them naked in their bathtub, filled with army-issue camouflage paint.
The team holds several meetings at Quantico, and Reacher meets Lisa Harper, the woman who has to accompany Reacher wherever he goes. Reacher suggests contacting Colonel John Trent at Fort Dix to try and get a trace on the paint. Reacher and Harper head up to New Jersey, but while Harper remains outside the colonel's office due to security clearance reasons, the colonel helps Reacher sneak out the window and arranges a four-hour trip to New York. Once there Jack targets a random pair of criminals collecting protection money and deliberately instigates a turf war between rival racketeers. By taking a certain crime lord out of the picture this effectively removes the leverage that the FBI has had over him and Jodie. He returns to New Jersey with Agent Harper being none the wiser.
The team continues the search, and the next victim is Agent Lamarr's stepsister. Local policemen are then put on surveillance of the remaining women on the list. Eventually Reacher and Harper catch the killer. It is none other than FBI Agent Lamarr. She is in the process of killing her fifth victim when Jack intervenes. Reacher and Harper come to the conclusion that Lamarr was utilising her hypnotising techniques to make the victims unwittingly suffocate themselves. Her only motive was to get the family inheritance from her stepsister; the other murders were only carried out to muddy the investigative waters. The FBI is unhappy that Reacher has killed one of their agents, murderess or not, but an accord is eventually reached. Jack then meets up with Jodie, and she reveals she is leaving for London in a month's time. Reacher knows he will not want to go with her, and the two agree to spend one last month together.
Production.
"The Visitor" was released in the United Kingdom on 20 April 2000, and the American publication followed on 13 July of the same year.
The reason for the story having two different titles is due to how "The Visitor"—Child's original title and ultimately the UK title of the story—was seen by Putnam as sounding too much like a science-fiction novel.
Reception.
"The Visitor" was well received, with "Publishers Weekly" saying "the book harbors two elements that separate it from the pack: a brain-teasing puzzle that gets put together piece by fascinating piece, and a central character with Robin Hood-like integrity and an engagingly eccentric approach to life." American book review journal "Kirkus" called it "deeply satisfying" and the reader should "plan to stay up long past bedtime and do some serious hyperventilating toward the end." "Booklist" also offered a good review, saying "This fourth Reacher thriller is easily the best. The plot is a masterpiece."
"The Visitor" was nominated for the 2001 Barry Award for "Best Hardcover Novel", but ultimately fell short to "Deep South" by Nevada Barr.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9648505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648505" title="Karl Ammann">
Karl Ammann

Karl Ammann (born in 1948 in St. Gallen, Switzerland) is a conservationist and wildlife photographer who has spent most of his career in the Congo basin.
Ammann started his career in Africa as a photographer in the early 1980s, photographing cheetahs, but later turned to work on great apes. In 1988, he became witness to the bushmeat trade, and has since worked hard to bring the trade and its effect (particularly on great apes) to the attention of the conservation community and the world. Using his photography skills, he has taken pictures of the victims of the bushmeat trade that to many where shocking and revolting, and he has been accused of exaggerating the problems. With the publishing of the books "Eating Apes" (with Dale Peterson) and "Consuming Nature", the problem has come to the attention of the world.
In his years working in Congo, Ammann has funded and supported research of another population of extremely large bodied Eastern chimpanzee now known as the Bili Ape. Though it has been studied by prominent researchers, much remains to be discovered about its distribution and behavior. Because it is currently hunted as part of the DRC's bushmeat trade it is vital to continue research in this area before this population is eliminated
Karl Ammann appeared on Time Magazine's list of "Heroes of the Environment" October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9648523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648523" title="Paul Jacobsthal">
Paul Jacobsthal

Paul Jacobsthal (1880, Berlin – 27 October 1957, Oxford) was a scholar of Greek vase painting and Celtic art. He wrote his dissertation at the University of Bonn under the supervision of Georg Loeschcke. In 1912 he published a catalog of the Greek vases in Göttingen, and received a position as a professor at the University of Marburg.
In the 1920s Jacobsthal became interested in the work of John Beazley on vase painting, and began to adopt Beazley's taxonomical methodologies. His 1927 work, ', was dedicated to Beazley In 1930 Jacobsthal and Beazley began to collaborate on an inventory of early Greek vases, the ', a project which they concluded in 1939. After World War II, the two scholars served as co-editors of the "Oxford Classical Monographs".
In 1935 Jacobsthal was forced to leave Nazi Germany on account of his Jewish heritage. He settled in England, and in 1937 was appointed as a lecturer at Christ Church, Oxford. There he continued his collaboration with Beazley.
Soon after his arrival in England, Jacobsthal began to study the art of the Celts, and in 1944 published his study of "Early Celtic Art". This book focused on the impact of Greek ornament on Celtic decorative arts, and was one of the earliest English-language works to employ the terminology established by Alois Riegl in his "Stilfragen". From 1947 through 1950 Jacobsthal served as University Reader in Celtic Archaeology at Oxford University.
Jacobsthal's final study, "Greek pins and their connexions with Europe and Asia" (1956), returned to the cataloguing of material from Greek antiquity, while remaining engaged with issues of the reception of Greek art abroad.
Jacobsthal's students included the Swiss archaeologist Karl Schefold and Hans Möbius.

</doc>
<doc id="9648527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648527" title="Kenneth W. Wright">
Kenneth W. Wright

Kenneth W. Wright is as a minister of the New Iberia Church of Christ in New Iberia, Louisiana. Wright was born in 1945 in Houston, Texas, the only child of William and Mildred Wright. His father was an electrician for the Houston Lighting and Power Company, while his mother was a homemaker.
Wright attended the University of Houston, the Houston Preachers Educational School, and the Preston Road School of Preaching in Dallas, Texas. He received his Master of Theology degree from Bethel Theological Seminary in Pensacola, Florida.
Initially, Wright wanted to work in the entertainment industry. During his early years he formed a band and composed several popular songs. But, there was always a desire to do something more meaningful. He began preaching full-time in Cleveland, Texas for the Westside Church of Christ wherein he established the Westside School of Biblical Studies. In 1994 he preached for the Hazlehurst Church of Christ in Hazlehurst, Georgia. At that time he was instrumental in establishing the Southeastern Georgia School of Biblical Studies in Waycross, Georgia.
In 2005 Ken became the driving force behind establishing the "In Light of the Word" television program which is viewed throughout southern Louisiana. This program has been the springboard to other outreach ministries such as a worldwide outreach via the internet. To date the program has received responses from over twenty-six countries throughout the world.
Wright has been inducted into the 2007-2008 edition of the Heritage Registry of Who’s Who for his accomplishments and achievements with the New Iberia Church of Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="9648530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648530" title="Cussewago Creek">
Cussewago Creek

Cussewago Creek is a tributary of French Creek in Crawford County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Cussewago Creek joins French Creek at Meadville.
Cussewago Creek supports a diverse fauna, including mammals, amphibians, fishes, and mollusks.
The name of the creek is alleged to come from the aboriginal inhabitants, and is said to mean, "big belly".

</doc>
<doc id="9648534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648534" title="Mohawk High School (Sycamore, Ohio)">
Mohawk High School (Sycamore, Ohio)

Mohawk High School is a public high school in Sycamore, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Mohawk Local Schools district. Their mascot is the Warrior. They are members of the Northern 10 Athletic Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9648545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648545" title="3,3'-Diiodothyronine">
3,3'-Diiodothyronine

3,3'-Diiodothyronine, also known as T2, is a metabolite of thyroid hormone.
It is formed from the breakdown of triiodothyronine. It is an allosteric regulator of the cytochrome c oxidase, the complex IV of the electron transport chain. It increases its activity by preventing the interaction of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) as an allosteric inhibitor.
Levels can be affected in certain disease states.

</doc>
<doc id="9648549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648549" title="Heart of Stone (Bucks Fizz song)">
Heart of Stone (Bucks Fizz song)

"Heart of Stone" is a song written by Andy Hill and Pete Sinfield for the band Bucks Fizz in 1988, and recorded by the band at Abbey Road Studios in London. The following year it was recorded by Cher as the title track of her album of the same name.
Bucks Fizz version (1988).
"Heart of Stone" was originally recorded by Bucks Fizz and released as a single in 1988. It was the group's 20th single and their last one to chart, reaching number 50 on the UK Singles Chart in November 1988. The single was accompanied by a Promotional video of the group performing the song inside and outside of a country mansion. The mansion was owned by Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees who claimed that his house was haunted by the ghost of a gardener who enjoys playing pranks on the Gibb family. As a reference to this, a gardener was fleetingly seen in some shots.
Soon after this, the group released "The Story so Far," a greatest hits album, which featured "Heart of Stone" as the only new track (at a shortened 3:58). Bucks Fizz recorded several other songs at this time, but due to the low chart position of this single, went unreleased until they were unearthed for a compilation album of unreleased Bucks Fizz songs, "The Lost Masters" in 2006. Member Cheryl Baker later recorded a lead vocal for the track which was also included on The Lost Masters collection. Journalist Mark Frith said that the song was "a gusty pop classic".
Track listing.
7" single
12" single
Cher version (1990).
"Heart of Stone" is the fourth North American and third European single release from American singer/actress Cher's twentieth studio album "Heart of Stone". The video featured Cher in a dark room with old clips of herself projected onto screens in the background. The video was shot in the first week of 1990. It made the Top 20 in the United States, Ireland and Poland. It narrowly missed the Top 40 in the UK. Her vocal range spans from a D3 and belting up to an Eb5, making her vocal range here about 2 octaves and a semi-tone.
Live performances.
Cher performed the song on the following concert tours:
Track listing.
Heart Of Stone CD Single 

</doc>
<doc id="9648555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648555" title="Tété">
Tété

Tété is a French musician, born in Dakar, Senegal on 25 July 1975. His mother is from Martinique and his father is from Senegal. 
Tété is described as the French version of Jeff Buckley. Tété's music is not "rock music"; it can more appropriately be described as an intimate, solo classical guitar musical style. He defines himself to be a "troubadour and manufacturer of pop-folk-bluesy songs with intellectual pretensions." His music combines blues, folk and pop influences, such as the Delta Blues, Lenny Kravitz, The Beatles and Bob Dylan.

</doc>
<doc id="9648569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648569" title="Maguzawa Hausa people">
Maguzawa Hausa people

Maguzawa are a subgroup of the Hausa people who still adhere to some of the tenets of the pre-Islamic traditional religions of Kano and Katsina, cities in northern Nigeria. Most of the citizens are found in the rural areas close to Kano and Katsina. They are known to have facial scarification similar to early rulers of Kano and Katsina under the Kutumbawa lineage. In terms of culture, there are only two major differences between Muslim Hausas and the Maguzawa: religion and social organization.
Society.
Farming was the leading occupation of Maguzawas, while cattle herding was left to the Fulani. During the dry season, when farming activity is low, the men engage in dyeing, iron working and basketry. The female Maguzawa were known to show an independent streak in economic activity in contrast to an imported harem culture in many other households. Many wives and female slaves engaged in trading and use their profit to buy clothes for themselves and their offsprings. In terms of a socio-political organization, most Maguzawa communities are made up of scattered compounds and like their Hausa counterparts are led by a Sarki. However, predominant Maguzawa communities have three patrilineal cultural leaders. The Sarki'n Noma, who is the head of farming, the Sarki'n Arna, known as the head of the Pagans and the Sarki'n Dawa, the headman of the bush. The latter two heads or Sarkis share equal power. The Sarki'n Arna is usually given to the best beer drinker in the community while the defunct Sarki'n Dawa is the best hunter in the community.
Maguzawa according to the tradition are Hausa speaking people in fact the original Hausa speaking people found in northern Nigeria, Niger, Ghana, Sudan, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, Chad and some other countries of the world such as Saudi Arabia etc. this is as a result of their economic activity which is trading. Others include hunting, fishing, blacksmithing and farming.
There is no distinct difference between Hausawa or Hausa and Maguzawa. The name Maguzawa was named to some group of Hausa people after the jihad of Shehu Usman Fodio of Sokoto who spread Islamic religion in some northern part of the country, these group of Hausa were named Maguzawa by their fellow Hausa because they resisted accepting the Islamic faith from Shehu Usman Fodio and continue with the general Hausa or the known Hausa tradition which includes their way of worshiping the Gods with the help of idols. Maguzawa means "those that run away from Islam". All Hausa were known to worship the Gods before the arrival of Islam.
Religion.
Maguzawa religion revolves around an infinite number of spirits or iskoki (singular - iska) in Hausa. This literally translates into 'WINDS' There are about 3,000 iskoki in the religion. However, the dominance of Islam in the region has diluted the original meaning of the Gods/spirits with the imposed Islamic canon, and they are also referred to today as Al-Jannu (singular Jinn) also known as the westernised 'Genie'. The Isoki are divided into two main categories : The Gona or "Farm spirits" who are tame and easier to manipulate, and the Daji or "Bush Spirits" who are untamed and much difficult to contact.

</doc>
<doc id="9648600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648600" title="Charles Alston (botanist)">
Charles Alston (botanist)

Charles Alston (1683 – 22 November 1760) was a Scottish botanist.
Alston was born in Hamilton. In 1715 he went to Leyden to study under the Dutch physician Hermann Boerhaave. On his return to Scotland he became lecturer in "materia medica" and botany at Edinburgh and also superintendent of the botanical gardens. He was a critic of Linnaeus's system of plant classification. 
He is buried in Canongate Kirkyard in Edinburgh.
The tree genus "Alstonia" is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9648603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648603" title="AGDLP">
AGDLP

AGDLP (an abbreviation of "account, global, domain local, permission") briefly summarizes Microsoft's recommendations for implementing role-based access controls (RBAC) using nested groups in a native-mode Active Directory (AD) domain: User and computer accounts are members of global groups that represent business roles, which are members of domain local groups that describe resource permissions or user rights assignments. AGUDLP (for "account, global, universal, domain local, permission") and AGLP (for "account, global, local, permission") summarize similar RBAC implementation schemes in Active Directory forests and in Windows NT domains, respectively.
Details.
Role based access controls (RBAC) simplify routine account management operations and facilitate security audits. System administrators do not assign permissions directly to individual user accounts. Instead, individuals acquire access through their roles within an organization, which eliminates the need to edit a potentially large (and frequently changing) number of resource permissions and user rights assignments when creating, modifying, or deleting user accounts. Unlike traditional access control lists, permissions in RBAC describe meaningful operations within a particular application or system instead of the underlying low-level data object access methods. Storing roles and permissions in a centralized database or directory service simplifies the process of ascertaining and controlling role memberships and role permissions. Auditors can analyze permissions assignments from a single location without having to understand the resource-specific implementation details of a particular access control.
RBAC in a single AD domain.
Microsoft's implementation of RBAC leverages the different security group scopes featured in Active Directory:
Global groups that represent business roles should contain only user or computer accounts. Likewise, domain local groups that describe resource permissions or user rights should contain only global groups that represent business roles. Accounts or business roles should never be granted permissions or rights directly, as this complicates subsequent rights analysis.
RBAC in AD forests.
In multi-domain environments, the different domains within an AD forest may only be connected by expensive WAN links or VPN connections, so special domain controllers called global catalog servers cache certain directory object classes and attribute types in order to reduce costly or slow inter-domain directory lookups. Objects cached by the global catalog servers include universal groups but not global groups, making membership look-ups of universal groups much faster than similar queries of global groups. However, any change to a universal group triggers (potentially expensive) global catalog replication, and changes to universal groups require forest-wide security rights inappropriate in most large enterprises. These two limitations prevent universal security groups from completely replacing global security groups as the sole representatives of an enterprise's business roles. Instead, RBAC implementations in these environments use universal security groups to represent roles across the enterprise while retaining domain-specific global security groups, as illustrated by the abbreviation AGUDLP.
RBAC in non-AD domains.
Domains in Windows NT 4.0 and earlier only have global (domain-level) and local (non-domain) groups and do not support group nesting at the domain level. The abbreviation AGLP refers to these limitations as applied to RBAC implementations in older domains: Global groups represent business roles, while local groups (created on the domain member servers themselves) represent permissions or user rights.
Example.
Given a shared folder, \\nyc-ex-svr-01\groups\bizdev; a business development group within the organization's marketing department, represented in Active Directory as the (existing) global security group "Business Development Team Member"; and a requirement that the entire group have read-write access to the shared folder, an administrator following AGDLP might implement the access control as follows:
To highlight the advantages of RBAC using this example, if the Business Development Team required additional permissions on the "bizdev" folder, a system administrator would only need to edit a single access control entry (ACE) instead of, in the worst case, editing as many ACEs as there are users with access to the folder.

</doc>
<doc id="9648608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648608" title="Johnny Lucadello">
Johnny Lucadello

John Lucadello (February 22, 1919 – October 30, 2001) was an American professional baseball player. Primarily a second baseman, he appeared in 239 Major League games for the St. Louis Browns (1938–1941; 1946) and New York Yankees (1947). The , native of Thurber, Texas, threw and batted right-handed. He served in the United States Navy during World War II. He was the brother of longtime MLB scout Tony Lucadello.
Johnny Lucadello's pro career lasted from 1936–1955, with four seasons (1942–1945) missed because of his wartime service. In six Major League seasons, he had 686 at bats, 95 runs scored, 181 hits, 36 doubles, 7 triples, and 5 home runs. He had 60 RBI, 6 stolen bases, 93 walks, a .264 batting average, a .353 on-base percentage, a .359 slugging percentage, 246 total bases and 5 sacrifice hits.
He died in San Antonio, Texas at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="9648618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648618" title="Upper Sandusky High School">
Upper Sandusky High School

Upper Sandusky High School is a public high school in Upper Sandusky, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Upper Sandusky Exempted Village School District. Their nickname is the Rams. The school covers approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="9648636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648636" title="Ida Carmelitta">
Ida Carmelitta

Ida Carmelitta or Farheen Ida Carmelitta Laila Figerardo was a minority Sri Lankan Tamil woman who was gang raped and killed on 12 July 1999 and became a cause célèbre of the Sri Lankan civil war.
Incident.
According to her mother "Anthoniya Figerardo", Ida Carmelita at the age of sixteen (16) was coerced into joining the rebel LTTE group as a child soldier for three years. She eventually left the rebel group. She had surrendered to the Sri Lankan police about a month before her murder.
On 12 July 1999 night five men broke into her mother's house, after tying up the occupants proceeded to gang rape and then killed her. The incident happened in the town of Pallimunai, in the Mannar district. In his report, the coroner in Mannar documented evidence of rape and sexual violence, including bites on her breasts and lips. She had been shot through her vagina.
Following her death, Ida's two brothers and sisters eventually fled to a refugee camp in India. Her mother initially stayed behind, determined to bring her daughter's killers to justice. However, she also left when Kumar Ponnambalam, the lawyer handling the case, was killed in Colombo in January 2000. Her murder attracted widespread media attention in Sri Lanka and elsewhere.
Government investigation.
Two of the suspects had been recognized by a neighbor and another by the brother of the victim before he fled to India. A corporal and a soldier of the Sri Lankan Army were identified at an identification parade by witnesses and taken into custody. However, after two key witnesses were threatened and subsequently fled to India, the case is no longer proceeding. The suspects have been released on bail.
Various witnesses testified at hearings held during the year. During the year, investigations conducted into the case found that the weapons used in the killing belonged to army personnel. Forensic experts have confirmed that the bullets used in Ida’s murder correspond to those usually used by the army.
Related to the incident.
"Napoleon Figerardo", a brother of Carmelita who was about to be deported to Sri Lanka from an Indian refugee camp was given a reprieve because of the actions of Human Rights groups. According to JRS South Asia reports.
His family has a history of violent deaths. Two of the brothers were killed in 1995 by rival Tamil militant groups. His sister, Ida Carmelita, was raped and killed in July 1999 by five men who broke into her mother’s house at night.

</doc>
<doc id="9648647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648647" title="Kirsten Smith (writer)">
Kirsten Smith (writer)

Kirsten "Kiwi" Smith (born August 12, 1970) is an American screenwriter and novelist. She wrote most of the screenplays with her screenwriter partner Karen McCullah Lutz. Most of the scripts seems to follow the girl Power movement of the late 1990s and early 2000s.
She recently directed a short film, "The Spleenectomy", which starred Anna Faris and was financed and produced by "Glamour" magazine.
Her first film as a non-writing producer, "Whip It!", stars Ellen Page and is directed by Drew Barrymore, and she also has "American Virgin", starring Jenna Dewan and Rob Schneider, in post-production.
A native of Port Ludlow, Washington, she moved to Los Angeles in 1988 to attend Occidental College. There, she studied English and Film, and also got an internship at CineTel Films, an independent film company. Initially planning on pursuing poetry and academia as a career, she began working for CineTel reading scripts and writing coverage for them. This led to a full-time job there as a Director of Development in 1995; it was there she began pursuing screenwriting in earnest. One of the scripts she happened to read and cover was written by Karen Lutz, an aspiring writer living in Denver, Colorado. The two women formed a friendship over the phone, and when Lutz came to Los Angeles, they met in person, and began writing their first script on cocktail napkins that night. That script never sold, but it inspired the women to write together again, and they embarked on a teen comedy called "10 Things I Hate About You", inspired by William Shakespeare's "Taming of the Shrew".
Smith got her official start as a screenwriter in 1997 by selling "10 Things I Hate About You" as a spec screenplay. Shortly thereafter, the movie was green-lit, starring then-unknowns Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles, and it was shot in Tacoma, Washington, near Smith's hometown.
Smith went on to co-write "Legally Blonde", which was nominated for two Golden Globes. Costing only $18M to produce, the movie was a surprise hit, grossing $20M in its opening weekend in July 2001, and going on to make over $140M worldwide. It also spawned a sequel and a successful Broadway musical, which was based on Smith and Lutz’s screenplay.
Smith followed that with "Ella Enchanted", starring Anne Hathaway, and "She's the Man", a DreamWorks update of Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night", starring Amanda Bynes.
Recently, she co-wrote and executive produced "The House Bunny", starring Anna Faris, and produced by Adam Sandler’s Happy Madison Productions. It grossed just shy of $50M domestically. Her latest credit is "The Ugly Truth", directed by "Legally Blonde" collaborator Robert Luketic and starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler.”
Having published more than 40 poems in various literary magazines in the 1990s, Smith published her first novel-in-verse, "The Geography of Girlhood", in 2006. The coming-of-age story of a teenage girl growing up in the Pacific Northwest, it contains a smattering of the poems Smith wrote and published in her early twenties.

</doc>
<doc id="9648650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648650" title="Richard Paul (actor)">
Richard Paul (actor)

Richard Paul (June 6, 1940 – December 25, 1998) was an American actor who was born in Los Angeles, California. He was able to imitate most American and many foreign dialects. He had a tenor voice and trained with Lee Sweetland.
Richard had a B.A. in public affairs from Claremont Men's College and an M.A. in psychology from California State University, Los Angeles. He was near completion of his Ph.D. in clinical psychology from the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona, but gave up his career as a therapist to become a full-time performer.
Richard Paul was nicknamed "Pige Paul" by Slim Pickens while filming an episode of "The Love Boat" (1977) after local pigeons anointed a new suit jacket.
In 1980 he guest starred in the ABC comedy 'One In A Million" which only aired for one season
Richard was also a frequent panelist on "Match Game" in the 1980s. From 1977 to 1979 he portrayed Mayor Teddy Burnside in "Carter Country", and later played the recurring character of Cabot Cove Mayor, Sam Booth, in "Murder, She Wrote".
He was cast as Dr. Bob Halyers in the "Clean Up Radio Everywhere" episode of "WKRP in Cincinnati" (1978) because of his resemblance to Rev. Jerry Falwell. Paul played Falwell himself twice: once in "Fall From Grace", a Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker TV movie made in 1990, and then in "The People vs. Larry Flynt" in 1996.
Paul was in the cult classic film "Eating Raoul" (1982), written and directed by Paul Bartel. Also in 1982, he co-starred on the short-lived sitcom "Herbie, the Love Bug". He also appeared in Bartel's short film, "The Secret Cinema", a paranoid-delusional, fantasy masterpiece of self-referential cinema, which was part of the "Amazing Stories" series on television. Paul also appeared in "Not for Publication", written and directed by Bartel.
He volunteered with Actors and Others for Animals. He was on the Mental Health Advisory Board of Los Angeles County. He volunteered at childhood immunization clinics for the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services. He read books into tapes by special request at the Braille Institute in Los Angeles.
He married Patty Oestereich in 1968 in Pasadena, California. They were married for 30 years until his death on Christmas day in 1998 at home in Studio City, California, due to cancer at age 58.

</doc>
<doc id="9648652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648652" title="Brush SEM">
Brush SEM

BRUSH SEM is a manufacturer of large generators for gas turbine and steam turbine drive applications, based at Plzeň in the Czech Republic. 
The site for BRUSH SEM was established in 1859, by Count Wallenstein-Vartenberk who set up a branch of his foundry and engineering works in Plzeň approximately 100 km south west of Prague in the Czech Republic.
In 1869, the plant was taken over by Emil Škoda, an industrious engineer and dynamic entrepreneur who was quick to expand the business. In the 1880s, Škoda established what was then a very modern steelworks capable of delivering castings weighing dozens of tons. Steel castings and, later, forgings for larger passenger liners and warships went on to rank alongside the sugar mills as the top export branches of Škoda's factory.
In 1899, the ever-expanding business was transformed into a joint-stock company, and before the First World War the Škoda Works became the largest arms manufacturer in Austria-Hungary. It was a main contractor to the army and navy supplying mainly heavy guns and ammunition. The First World War brought a drop in the output of peacetime products but huge sums were invested into expanding production capacities for military products. 
By that time, Škoda Works had acquired a number of companies in the Czech Lands and abroad that were not involved in arms manufacture. In 1917, the company had 35,000 employees in Plzeň.
With the emergence of the Czechoslovakia in 1918, and the complex economic conditions of post-war Europe the company was transformed from what was exclusively an arms manufacturer into a multi-sector concern. In addition to traditional branches, the production programme embraced a number of new concepts, such as steam (and later electric) locomotives. aircraft, ships, machine tools, steam turbines, power-engineering equipment, etc. 
In 1924, the Škoda works manufactured their first turbogenerator with an output of 14MW and their first hydro generator in 1926.
The deteriorating political situation in Europe saw arms production rise again in the mid-thirties. The Second World War and the company's forced integration into the German weapons programme led to serious damage at the Works themselves (70% of the company complex was destroyed by Allied bombing in April 1945) and the loss of several foreign markets. 
In 1945, the company was nationalized. Škoda Works was gradually split up into different sections (e.g. the car works in Mladá Boleslav, the aircraft plant in Prague, factories in Slovakia, and other plants producing food-industry equipment). The company's main task now was to produce equipment for heavy engineering, capital construction in the industrial sector, public transportation, and power engineering. Most exports were headed towards the Eastern Bloc.
In 1989 Czechoslovakia broke away from communism and Soviet control and the country was separated into the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Until this transition period the Škoda Elektrické Stroje works primarily manufactured generators and electrical control equipment products for the eastern European and Soviet markets.
Following the change in political climate in 1989, Škoda started along the path of privatization, and used this time to come up with an optimal production programme, and look for markets other than those co-ordinated through the Council of Mutual Economic Assistance (CMEA or COMECON), which operated a Centralised Planning System (CPS). The factory followed instructions and manufacture products that were not subjected to the constraints of the western business model of commercial tendering.
After 1989, the Škoda Elektrické Stroje works retained their design technology and manufacturing capability, and attempted to compete and sell their products on the world markets. However with little international commercial experience and very few orders the business rapidly fell into financial difficulties and the plant was under the threat of closure. In March 2001, FKI plc purchased Škoda Elektrické Stroje from the main Škoda group and following the acquisition was renamed BRUSH SEM. Melrose plc acquired FKI plc in 2008 including BRUSH SEM. The Company currently the site emploeeys approximately 950 staff, 465 of which are direct production personnel.
To date the BRUSH SEM works have manufactured over 1400 turbo generators and 250 hydro generators to many parts of the world including USA, Canada, Russia, China, India, Middle East, Central&East Europe, West Europe, Australia, Africa and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="9648661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648661" title="St Cross">
St Cross

St Cross (Saint Cross = Holy Cross) may refer to the following places in England:

</doc>
<doc id="9648666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648666" title="Giv">
Giv

Giv () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9648672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648672" title="SM Sains Selangor">
SM Sains Selangor

Sekolah Menengah Sains Selangor or SM Sains Selangor (SMSS) () is one of three fully residential schools (Sekolah Berasrama Penuh) in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Established in 1973 under the Second Malaysia Plan to comply with Malaysian New Economic Policy,the school is located about a small hill in Bandar Tun Razak,overlooking the scenic Permaisuri lake. In 2011,the school was awarded with the Sekolah Berprestasi Tinggi or High Performance School title, a title awarded to schools in Malaysia that have met stringent criteria including academic achievement, strength of alumni, international recognition, network and linkages.In the recent PMR examination (2013), the school managed to produce 84 straight A's students out of 120 with GPS 1.06 to be the best schools in Kuala Lumpur.
History.
Sekolah Menengah Sains Selangor is located within the boundaries of the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur. It is one of the earlier SM Sains schools in the country, hence its name bearing or representing the State of Selangor, prior to formation of the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur.
SMSS is a co-ed school, with students from all the states in Malaysia. The pioneer batch of students which were made up of Form 1 and 4 started in 1973 temporarily placed for a year at four other different schools in Kelang and Kajang before reuniting at the new school in 1974 as Form 2 and 5 students. Later intakes were mostly from Form 1 based on their UPSR excellence, with a trickle coming in at Form 4 based on their PMR results.
SMSS has its own sibling rivals like Sekolah Menengah Sains Tengku Muhammad Faris Petra and Sekolah Menengah Sains Raja Tun Azlan Shah. They compete with each other during yearly competitions such as rugby, football, hockey, debate, and wind orchestra. The school have been an Off-site team challenge for MasterChef Malaysia season 2.
In 2013, in conjunction with the school 40 years celebration, the school were honored to host the Fully Residential School Excellence Day.
Location.
Situated on top of a small hill in Bandar Tun Razak, Kuala Lumpur; Sekolah Menengah Sains Selangor has a view overlooking the scenic Permaisuri lake. Its main arch is directly opposite the Cheras Football Stadium, which is in turn adjacent to the Kuala Lumpur Sports Complex and Kuala Lumpur Swimming Complex. It also enjoys having the company of other schools i.e. Sekolah Menengah Sains Alam Shah or ASiS (all-boys SBP School), Sekolah Menengah Teknik Kuala Lumpur, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Seri Permaisuri and Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Cheras as its immediate neighbours. Pusat Perubatan Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia is also in the vicinity.
Students Life.
The school is known for its strong Rugby team. After 40 years of establishment, the school have won more than 100 national championships, including 43 times state's champion, 4 times Fully Residential School Rugby 10's and 5 times being crowned as ANSARA Tens Rugby Championship. The School alumnus is known as SMS Old Boys while the rugby alumnus team is SMS Old Boys Rugby Club."From Boys to Gentleman", the book which trace back the schools rugby achievements for 40 years, were launched by Ian Fleming Gordon, the school own "Father and Grandfather of Rugby".The school is active in other sports too such as hockey. It has a high performance wind orchestra team that competes in the national SBP Wind Orchestra competitions (The Renaissance). In 2006, The Renaissance was awarded the Bronze Award during the 2006 SBP Wind Orchestra Competition. As time passed by, the achievement had improved until it got 2nd place in Finale Wind Orchestra 2010 and finally, in 2012, being crowned as national champion. In 2011, the school band have been featured in a flashmob style, reality programme, Refleksi Orkestra in conjunction with Orkestra RTM 50 Golden Jubilee.

</doc>
<doc id="9648714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648714" title="St Cross, Oxford">
St Cross, Oxford

St Cross, Oxford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9648733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648733" title="Alex Gaudino">
Alex Gaudino

Alessandro Alfonso Fortunato Gaudino (born 23 January 1970), better known by his stage name Alex Gaudino, is an Italian DJ and record producer.
Life and career.
Early career (1993–2006).
Alessandro Alfonso Fortunato Gaudino was born in Salerno, Italy. He first began his music career working for Flying Records and UMM.
In 1998, with the support of the well-known Italian record company TIME, Alex founded his own label, RISE Records, which quickly produced a string of hit records by artists such as The Tamperer, Black Legend and Robbie Rivera's "Bang", which earned him a nomination for Best European A&R at the 2000 European Music Awards, held in London.
Alex Gaudino is also well known for being a member of the trio Lil' Love with Jerma and Sharon May Linn.
In 2005, Lil' Love's track "Little Love" was exclusively played by Pete Tong at Nikki Beach in Miami during WMC 2005. The record produced by Jerma was released on Positiva in the UK and reached the top of the UK Dance Chart. In 2006, Alex remixed with Jerma for Pete Tong & Chris Cox, Moussu T and James Kakande. Later in 2006 Gaudino signed a record deal with Ministry of Sound label in the UK. He later released "Reaction", and "Head over Heels" on the label.
Chart success, "My Destination" and "Magnificent" (2006–present).
In December 2006, Gaudino released his second single "Destination Calabria" featuring vocals from Crystal Waters 2004 track "Destination Unknown" and elements of the saxophone. The song was hugely popular across Europe reaching top ten in nine countries and top twenty in many others. It also managed to peak eight on the U.S Hot Dance Club Songs. Later on, in 2008 he released his third single "Watch Out" Featuring vocals from English singer, Shèna. It achieved moderate success across Europe and peaked sixteen on the UK Singles Chart.
On October 6, 2008, he released his debut studio album, "My Destination". As well as working with Crystal Waters and Shena on the album, Gaudino also worked with Hardwell.
In late 2009, he began work on his second album "Magnificent". In October 2010, he released his first single from his second studio album, "I'm in Love (I Wanna Do It)" featuring vocals from Maxine Ashley. It peaked ten on the UK Singles Chart and the Dutch Top 40. It also marked Gaudino's first number one in the U.S, peaking number one on the U.S Hot Dance Airplay Chart.
The following year, 2011, he released his second single from his second album, "What a Feeling" featuring American R&B singer, Kelly Rowland. It peaked six on the UK Singles Chart and top forty in many European countries. It also peaked 26 on the Hot Dance Club Songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9648746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648746" title="Mosquito (missile)">
Mosquito (missile)

The Mosquito was an Italian wire-guided anti-tank missile produced by Contraves Italiana SpA. It entered service with the Italian Army in 1961. It was broadly similar to anti-tank missiles of the era, having a fibreglass body with four large wings, cruciform in cross-section and a relatively short body.
The missile is transported in a cuboid container that also acts as a launcher. The launcher is attached to a control box that is equipped with a binocular sight and control joystick. When the missile is launched the operator steers the missile using the joystick. He first "gathers" the missile to his line of sight to the target. 
It is steered in flight by vibrating spoilers in the wings, and spins for additional stabilization, with a pyrotechnically spun gyroscope providing stabilization. Some Mosquito missiles are on display at the Schweizerisches Militärmuseum Full.

</doc>
<doc id="9648771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648771" title="Ingram Lindsay">
Ingram Lindsay

Ingram Lindsay [Ingeram de Lindesay], Doctor in Canon Law, was a 15th-century Scottish cleric. Despite being of illegitimate birth - one of several sons of an unmarried nobleman and an unmarried girl - he nevertheless managed in the end to pursue a successful ecclesiastical career.
Pope Martin V provided him as Archdeacon of Dunkeld on 21 January 1421, but this was unsuccessful; likewise he was Dean of the Collegiate Church of Dunbar in 1422, but only for a year or under. Ingram was in possession of the church of "Kynnore" (Kinnoir), a Moray prebend, by 1430, and possessed a canonry and prebend in the diocese of Brechin and a vicarage in the diocese of Glasgow when he was made Precentor of Elgin Cathedral in 1431, a position he held until 1441. He had also briefly been Chancellor of Moray between 1430 and 1431.
It was in 1441 that Ingram attained the peak of his career, being elected Bishop of Aberdeen by the chapter; he was confirmed in this position by Pope Eugenius IV on 28 April. Not too much can be said about Ingram's episcopate. Among other things, Bishop Ingram is known to have put a stone roof on Aberdeen Cathedral, paved its floor with free stone and added the churches of Monymusk and Ruthven to the cathedral prebends. He is said to have fallen out with the king, James II of Scotland, by refusing to accommodate James' wish that some benefices be bestowed on certain royal followers. Ingram died at Aberdeen on 24 August 1458. Bishop Ingram was an active scholastic theologian, and is known to have written various theological and biblical commentaries.

</doc>
<doc id="9648775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648775" title="Davy Tweed">
Davy Tweed

David Alexander "Davy" Tweed (born 13 November 1959 in Ballymoney, County Antrim) is a convicted paedophile, former Irish rugby international and former Traditional Unionist Voice councillor on Ballymena Borough Council.
Political career.
Tweed was first elected as a DUP councillor for the Ballymena South electoral district in 1997. He was re-elected for the DUP in 2001 and 2005.
In 2007 Tweed was among six Ballymena DUP councillors who refused to canvass for the party in the Assembly elections because of the DUP's policy of sharing power with Sinn Féin. All six resigned from the party and redesignated themselves as the Ulster Unionist Coalition Party (UUCP).
In 2009, four of the UUCP group left to join Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV), but Tweed remained with the UUCP along with councillor William Wilkinson, head of research for the unionist pressure group Families Acting for Innocent Relatives. In June 2010 Wilkinson was imprisoned, following his conviction for rape. In November 2010, Tweed joined the Traditional Unionist Voice bloc on the council, and he was re-elected in 2011 to Ballymena Borough Council as a TUV candidate.
Tweed was a member of the Orange Order and belonged to a lodge in Dunloy. He was involved in protests relating to the Parades Commission's restrictions on Orange marches in Dunloy. This made him a hate figure amongst nationalists in Dunloy.
Controversies.
On 29 October 1997, shortly after his election to Ballymena Council, Tweed was fined at Coleraine magistrates court for assault.
On 8 June 2006 at a Ballymena Borough Council meeting Tweed said that he "questioned the upbringing" of a 15-year-old Catholic, Michael McIlveen, who had recently been murdered in Ballymena in a sectarian attack. He also claimed people linked to the victim's family had been involved in intimidation of Protestants after the murder.
On 22 September 2007, Tweed was stopped while driving a car under the influence of alcohol. On 21 January 2008, North Antrim Magistrates Court banned him from driving for a year and handed down a £250 fine.
In January 2009 Tweed was charged with ten sex offences against two young girls, spanning an eight-year period; he was acquitted in May 2009.
On 28 November 2012 he was convicted on 13 counts of gross indecency, indecent assault of two young girls and inciting gross indecency. After the conviction was announced the Orange Order terminated his membership of the organisation. The Royal Black Institution, of which Tweed is also a member, stated it had begun the process of expelling him from its membership. Pending sentencing he remained a member of Ballymena Borough Council and of the TUV, although the party announced on 15 November that it had 'suspended' his membership "not because we doubt his innocence, but because this is what the party rules require." The TUV also noted that the sex offences related "to a period long before he was a member of this party".
In January 2013 Tweed was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment. The TUV chose one of its unsuccessful 2011 candidates, Timothy Gaston, to replace Tweed as a councillor.
Sport.
Tweed won four caps for Ireland in the mid-1990s, with his first, against France, in 1995.
Personal life.
Tweed was born on a farm outside Dunloy.Married to wife Margaret in 1984, the couple have four children and lived in Ballymoney. Prior to his 2012 conviction Tweed was estranged from his wife and had been living in Ballymena. Employed as an infrastructure supervisor for Northern Ireland railways, he previously worked as a bouncer at a Ballymoney bar.
References.
Newsletter – 
BBC News

</doc>
<doc id="9648789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648789" title="Real defense">
Real defense

A real defense is a justification for a maker or drawer not to honor a negotiable instrument even if it has been transferred to a holder in due course (or "HDC") because it makes the instrument “void” according to Uniform Commercial Code §3-305 comment 1, thus it can’t be "cut off" by the transfer to an HDC. Contrast this with personal defenses (such as failure of consideration), which cannot protect the maker against the claims by an HDC.
Ten types of real defenses depending upon state law.
1. Fraud inducing obligor to sign instrument without a reasonable opportunity to learn of its fraudulent character or essential terms (also known as “(fraud in the factum”); this depends upon consideration of “all relevant factors”;
2. forgery of a necessary signature;
3. adjudicated insanity which renders the instrument void;
4. material alteration of the instrument, such as the amount;
5. infancy which renders the instrument voidable or void;
6. illegality which renders the instrument void;
7. duress at the time of making the instrument;
8. discharge of obligor in insolvency proceedings, or any discharge known to the HDC;
9. a suretyship defense, such as the holder knew an indorser was signing as a surety or accommodation party;
10. statute of limitation (generally 3 years after dishonor of a draft or 6 years after demand or other due date on a note).

</doc>
<doc id="9648792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648792" title="Extemporaneous Commentary">
Extemporaneous Commentary

Extemporaneous commentary (or extemp com for short) is a branch of normal extemporaneous speaking, an area of competition in high school forensics. Students participating in extemporaneous commentary are given 25 minutes to prepare a five minute speech (with a 30-second grace period) on a topic relevant to modern politics. Students in commentary deliver their speeches sitting down, usually on the opposite side of a table from the judge(s). Students are score based on oration skills, speech organization, and use of sources and are ranked by the judges in comparison to the other competitors who give speeches in the same room.
At the beginning of a tournament, students participating in this event are brought to a holding room, where an order is assigned (usually by picking numbers at random). The first student then draws three topics, chooses one which s/he finds best, and then is given his/her 30 minutes of preparation. The remaining students draw their topics at seven minute intervals to ensure that no student gets extra time to prepare. After all the students have given a speech, the judges rank the students in order of who they believed performed the best based on the categories above.
Originally, extemporaneous commentary topics were more general and more focused on opinions than extemporaneous topics were, making extemp commentary an almost "halfway point" between impromptu speaking and normal extemp. However, the success of those who integrated more sources into their speeches, plus the trending of the topics to mimic extemp's, has blurred the line between extemporaneous and extemporaneous commentary. In some cases extemp commentary has a shorter prep time, and shorter speeches. The only definitive difference between extemp and extemp commentary is the position in which the speeches are given (standing as opposed to sitting).
Extemp commentary has been an event at the National Speech and Debate Tournament since 1985. 

</doc>
<doc id="9648803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648803" title="1708 in poetry">
1708 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
-- From Richard Blackmore's "The Kit-Kats. A Poem", Chapter 6, published this year and referring to the Kit-Kat Club in which the influential publisher Jacob Tonson was a prominent member. Tonson was influential in getting recognition for many poets in his series of anthologies.
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648811" title="Flow to HDL">
Flow to HDL

Flow to HDL tools and methods convert flow-based system design into a hardware description language (HDL) such as VHDL or Verilog. Typically this is a method of creating designs for field-programmable gate array, application-specific integrated circuit prototyping and digital signal processing (DSP) design. Flow-based system design is well-suited to field-programmable gate array design as it is easier to specify the innate parallelism of the architecture.
History.
The use of flow-based design tools in engineering is a reasonably new trend. Unified Modeling Language is the most widely used example for software design. The use of flow-based design tools allows for more holistic system design and faster development. C to HDL tools and flow have a similar aim, but with C or C-like programming languages.
Applications.
Most applications are ones which take too long with existing supercomputer architectures. These include bioinfomatics, CFD, financial processing and oil and gas survey data analysis. Embedded applications that require high performance or real-time data processing are also an area of use. System-on-a-chip design can also be done using this flow.

</doc>
<doc id="9648814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648814" title="1707 in poetry">
1707 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648822" title="Lorimer Street Line">
Lorimer Street Line

The Lorimer Street Line is a public transit line in Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running along Lorimer Street, Franklin Avenue, and Classon Avenue between Bedford–Stuyvesant and Greenpoint. Originally a streetcar line, it is now the B48 bus route, operated by MTA New York City Bus' Grand Avenue Depot in Maspeth, Queens.
B48 bus route.
The B48 bus route runs between Classon Avenue and Fulton Street near the Franklin Avenue subway station in Bedford–Stuyvesant and Meeker Avenue and Stewart Avenue in Greenpoint via Lorimer Street, Franklin Avenue, and Classon Avenue at all times.
The route serves The Quadrangles, Lafayette Gardens, the Pratt Institute, Willoughby Walk, the Brooklyn Navy Yard, the Lindsay Park Houses, McCarren Park, and McGolrick Park. It also connects with the B24, B25, B26, B38 Limited, B43, B44 Limited, B46 Limited, B49 Limited, B52, B54, B57, B60, B62, B65, Q54, and Q59 bus routes and the following subway stations:
History.
The Greenpoint and Lorimer Street Railroad was incorporated on November 6, 1884 to operate along the New Williamsburgh and Flatbush Railroad (Nostrand Avenue Line) from the Broadway Ferry in Williamsburg southeast to Lorimer Street, and then north on Lorimer Street, east on Driggs Avenue, north on Manhattan Avenue, west on Meserole Avenue, north on Franklin Street, and west on Greenpoint Avenue to the Greenpoint Ferry; southbound cars would use Nassau Avenue to Lorimer Street. In addition to the NW&F, this route used the tracks of several other companies: the Brooklyn Crosstown Railroad's Crosstown Line on Driggs Avenue and Manhattan Avenue, the Brooklyn City Rail Road's Greenpoint Line on Franklin Street, and the Bushwick Railroad's Bushwick Avenue Line on Greenpoint Avenue. The franchise was approved on February 26, 1885, and the line was opened by August. The NW&F soon leased the G&LS, and Lorimer Street cars were sent south on the Nostrand Avenue Line to Prospect Park. In July 1889 the Brooklyn City Rail Road leased them both, and rerouted all cars but one per day (to preserve the charter) from Meserole Avenue to Greenpoint Avenue.
Beginning May 30, 1896, the Lorimer Street Line was extended southeast from Prospect Park along the Flatbush Avenue Line and new Bergen Beach Line to Bergen Beach during the summer season. At some point, the line was extended to Park Circle via Ocean Avenue and Parkside Avenue. When the Franklin Avenue Line was discontinued on October 28, 1945, Lorimer Street cars were rerouted to cut west on the Flushing Avenue Line and south on Franklin Avenue to Prospect Park. The north end was rerouted to absorb the Nassau Avenue Line east of Manhattan Avenue, ending near Newtown Creek, when that line was discontinued the same day. Buses replaced streetcars on December 14, 1947, and now run northbound on Classon Avenue rather than Franklin Avenue; the south end was truncated back to the east side of Prospect Park. From 2010 to 2013 it was further truncated to Atlantic Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="9648824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648824" title="1706 in poetry">
1706 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648830" title="Düzkaya S.K.">
Düzkaya S.K.

Düzkaya Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in Çatalköy. The club currently play in Birinci Lig and are known for developing professional superstars for the Turkish Leage. They are recognised as the best club in Kyrenia however the club was founded in Limassol in 1958 but had to be moved after the Turkish Invasion of Cyprus in 1974.
Colors.
The club colors are red and white.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is Çatalköy Nihat Bağcıer Stadı which has a capacity of abaut 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9648849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648849" title="1705 in poetry">
1705 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648863" title="Ena Gregory">
Ena Gregory

Ena Gregory (18 April 1906 – 13 June 1993) was an Australian motion picture actress from Sydney, Australia.
Movie actress.
In Australia Gregory was known as the child wonder of the vaudeville
stage. Her first screen experience came at the age of four when she was shown in her mother's arms in a crowd which was welcoming British dignitaries.
She was first signed in Hollywood for ingenue roles by Universal Pictures in 1921. She also worked for Hal Roach Studios and First National Pictures. In all she spent five years in comic roles before going into dramatic work. By 1924 she was the leading lady of the Independent Pictures Corporation. She was a Wampas Baby Star of 1925.
Gregory's film career started with comedy shorts like "The Bull Thrower" (1920), "Lion's Jaws and Kitten's Paws" (1920), and "The Whizbang" (1921). After completing "The Calgary Stampede" (1925) and "The Chip of the Flying U" (1926), with Hoot Gibson, she was promoted to leading lady for Jack Hoxie, for two movies.
Name change.
When Gregory failed to achieve stardom by losing chances due to illness
and other causes, she consulted a Hollywood seer named Dareos. He suggested a new name which combined the syllables of Mary Pickford and
Douglas Fairbanks. It was Marian Douglas. Her first film using the new
name was "The Shepherd of the Hills" (1928). She took steps to become
an American citizen beginning in October 1927.
Gregory continued to make movies as Marion Douglas until 1931. Her final films are "Twisted Tales" (1931), "Three Wise Clucks" (1931), "Aloha" (1931), and "Beach Pajamas" (1931).
Marriage and divorce.
Gregory divorced film director Alfred Rogell in August 1934. Beverly Hills, California attorney, William V.R. Smith, was named a co-respondent in a $150,000 lawsuit brought by Rogell. Gregory was awarded a temporary alimony sum of $300 per month from Rogell. Gregory
married Dr. Frank Nolan on 5 November 1937. The couple separated in May 1938 and Gregory obtained a divorce decree in July 1939.
Ena Gregory died in Laguna Beach, California in 1993, aged 87.

</doc>
<doc id="9648867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648867" title="1703 in poetry">
1703 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648871" title="Echo Burning">
Echo Burning

Echo Burning is the fifth novel in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 2001 by Putnam in America and Bantam in the United Kingdom.
Plot summary.
Jack Reacher breaks a bully's nose and finger after being repeatedly provoked in a Texas saloon, so when the bully turns out to be a local sheriff and shows up with three of his colleagues the following day to arrest him, Reacher decides it's time to move on. He chooses hitchiking as the fastest escape and hooks up with a driver of Mexican heritage named Carmen Greer. She says that the only reason she stopped, however, is because she has a problem, a really big problem. Her tax-evading husband, Sloop, is coming out of prison soon, and he will inevitably continue beating her as he did so many, many times before. Carmen has been diligently searching for candidates to kill him, and she thinks Reacher's military background may qualify him for the job. Reacher initially refuses and even leaps out of the car and back into the sweltering 110-degree (Fahrenheit) heat, but then he expeditiously changes his mind and agrees to accept a ride back to the ranch. It is there that Carmen, her husband Sloop and the rest of his family live, and Reacher is promising nothing more than to look into the situation and, if necessary, to act as her bodyguard. Carmen and Jack then proceed to pick up her daughter Ellie who gets on well with Reacher.
During this time we also see the introduction of two hired threesomes of people: the first group, named "The Watchers", is composed of two men and a boy and has been keeping a vigil over the ranch where the Greers live. This trio is later terminated without pay by a group of stone-cold assassins called "The Killing Team" who have previously done away with Sloop's defence lawyer Al Eugene.
Carmen and Reacher arrive back at the ranch, but Jack does not receive a warm welcome from Sloop's mother, brother or the two ranchers who work there. Nonetheless, Reacher manages to get himself hired on as a horse wrangler. In the days leading up to Sloop's release, Jack teaches Carmen how to fire a pistol and falls into a fracas with the aforementioned hired hands. Sloop comes home and takes a dislike to Jack, and he eventually gets the State Police to take Reacher away.
The State Police bundle Jack into their cruiser with intentions of letting him out in Pecos, but the troopers are called back to the Greer Ranch, or the "Red House", whilst Reacher is still in the car. Sloop has been shot and killed, and the authorities think it was Carmen. While she is incarcerated, furthermore, she suddenly confesses to the murder and assiduously denies legal help from Alice Amanda Aaron, the pro bono attorney whom Reacher procures for her.
Alice and Jack, nevertheless, are convinced of Carmen's innocence and stubbornly continue trying to prove it, despite the presumably credible and damaging claims of Hack Walker. But as this character is the self-serving Pecos County's district attorney as well as Sloop's oldest friend, the investigative twosome remains unconvinced of his allegations. Complications (like Ellie's kidnapping) and backstories (like wasted teenage years) abound, and there are deceptions within deceptions which muddy the waters enough to keep the reader guessing throughout most of the multiple storylines.
Production.
Child finished writing "Echo Burning" in March 2000. The book was released in the United Kingdom and its territories on 2 April 2001, and the American publication followed on 25 June of the same year.
The original idea for "Echo Burning" came from two sources. The first was an idea he had in which he wondered what it would be like to a woman whose husband was returning home from jail, but she didn't want him to return. He also took inspiration from seeing the grave of the gunfighter Clay Allison who "never killed a man that did not need killing." He wondered what it would be like if Reacher was confronted by a man he had been told needed killing.
Child wanted Carmen Greer to appear as a character whom readers would not know whether or not to trust. He has also said how we wanted Alice Amanda Aaron, the vegetarian, lesbian, attorney Reacher hires, to be a reflection of how diverse America is; he can be quoted as saying "she's totally normal in New York, but a freak in Texas." There is no record of Lee Child ever actually visiting Texas.
Reception.
"Echo Burning" was well received by critics. In a starred review, book review journal Kirkus called it "Smashingly suspenseful," and said "Child builds tension to unbearable extremes, then blows it out in sharply choreographed violence." The Denver Post called it "...a story you can sink your teeth into." Many critics considered this as one of the best books of the year, with the Boston Globe even calling it "The best mystery I "reviewer" have read this year." In the United Kingdom the book was also well received, with the Daily Mail saying: "In the space of less than five years, Child has established himself as one of Britain's most successful commercial novelists. "Burning is" Child's breakthrough book into the mega-sellers. He is that good."

</doc>
<doc id="9648883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648883" title="1702 in poetry">
1702 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648884" title="1971 European Formula Two season">
1971 European Formula Two season

The 1971 European Formula Two season was contested over 11 rounds.
Calendar.
Note:
Race 1, 7, 8 and 10 were held in two heats, with results shown in aggregate.
Race 2, 5 and 6 were held with two semi-final heats and the final run, with time only shown for the final.
Race 2, 4, 5 and 9 was won by a graded driver, all graded drivers are shown in "Italics".
Final point standings.
Driver.
Note:
Only drivers which were not graded were able to score points.

</doc>
<doc id="9648897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648897" title="Without Fail">
Without Fail

Without Fail is the sixth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published by Putnam in 2002. It is narrated in the third person.
Plot.
Jack Reacher arrives in Atlantic City, New Jersey after hitching a ride with a couple of aging musicians. He is accosted there by Mary Ellen Froelich, a beautiful secret service agent who managed to track him down. She has a special request for him. She wants to know how he would go about killing the Vice-President-Elect. Countering those methods would help her considerably in her job of protecting the Vice-President-Elect. Reacher accepts the challenge and enlists old colleague Frances Neagley to help carry out the mission. Froelich asked Reacher's assistance on this matter because of suspicious threatening letters which had been sent to the Vice-President-Elect that had been intercepted by his protective team. Together, they attempt to find the ones responsible before they can carry out the assassination.
External links.
Squalene

</doc>
<doc id="9648903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648903" title="1701 in poetry">
1701 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648905" title="Barbegal aqueduct and mill">
Barbegal aqueduct and mill

The Barbegal aqueduct and mill is a Roman watermill complex located on the territory of the commune of Fontvieille, near the town of Arles, in southern France. The complex has been referred to as "the greatest known concentration of mechanical power in the ancient world". Another similar mill complex existed also on the Janiculum in Rome, and there are suggestions that more such complexes exist at other major Roman sites, such as Amida.
Description.
The site of the Barbegal aqueduct and mills is on a Roman aqueduct that was built to supply drinking water from the mountain chain of the Alpilles to the town of Arles, France (then called "Arelate") on the Rhône River. Twelve kilometers north of Arles, at Barbegal, near Fontvieille, where the aqueduct arrived at a steep hill, the aqueduct fed two parallel sets of eight water wheels to power a flourmill. There are two aqueducts which join just north of the mill complex, and a sluice which enabled the operators to control the water supply to the complex. The mill consisted of 16 waterwheels in two separate descending rows built into a steep hillside. There are substantial masonry remains of the water channels and foundations of the individual mills, together with a staircase rising up the hill upon which the mills are built. The mills apparently operated from the end of the 1st century until about the end of the 3rd century. The capacity of the mills has been estimated at 4.5 tons of flour per day, enough to supply bread for as many as 10,000 of perhaps 30-40,000 inhabitants of Arelate at that time. It is thought that the wheels were overshot water wheels with the outflow from the top driving the next one down and so on, to the base of the hill.
Other mills.
Vertical water mills were well known to the Romans, being described by Vitruvius in his De Architectura of 25 BC, and mentioned by Pliny the Elder in his Naturalis Historia of 77 AD. There are also later references to floating water mills from Byzantium and to sawmills on the river Moselle by the poet Ausonius. The use of multiple stacked sequences of reverse overshot water-wheels was widespread in Roman mines, especially in Spain and Wales. It is possible that the mills at Barbegal may also have been used for sawing timber and stone when not grinding wheat. The Hierapolis sawmill from the 3rd century AD shows a crank-activated frame saw being used in this way, and another has been excavated at Ephesus.
Visiting the site.
Visitors to Barbegal may park where a minor road crosses the massive remains of the original aqueduct, and walk south about 1 kilometer along the remains of the aqueduct through the cleft in the ridge to the top of the mill complex. The site is signposted as "Roman aqueduct" rather than as a mill. The Arles Museum of Antiquity has an informative reconstructed model of the mill. The site is currently overgrown, and care is needed exploring the ruins. There is a rock-cut memorial to the work of Benoit above the mill to the east. It is not known if the authorities intend to restore the remains at some time in the future, or provide more information and assistance to visitors.
Influence.
The English science historian James Burke examines Roman watermill technology such as that of the Barbegal aqueduct and mill, concluding that it influenced the Cistercians and their waterpower, which in turn influenced the Industrial Revolution, in the fourth of his ten-part "Connections (TV series)", called "Faith in Numbers."

</doc>
<doc id="9648914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648914" title="1700 in poetry">
1700 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9648917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648917" title="Lau Dan">
Lau Dan

Danny Lau Dan (; born 18 November 1942) is a Hong Kong actor. His English name is Danny Lau.
Works.
Lau is known to portray good characters, but could play cunning and sly characters with ease (includes "The Bund" and "Land of Wealth"). He is most noted for being the only actor to play the role of Hong Qigong in the TV series adaptations of Louis Cha's novels "The Legend of the Condor Heroes" and "The Return of the Condor Heroes" for four times in a row. Lau is also well known for playing the role of the patriarch of a family in "A Kindred Spirit". He also appeared in the Latvian/Hong Kong film, "Hong Kong Confidential (Amaya)".
His son is Hawick Lau, also formerly a TVB actor. He was formerly an appointed member of Sai Kung District Council. His daughter-in-law is the famous mainland actress Yang Mi.

</doc>
<doc id="9648944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648944" title="Cerith Wyn Evans">
Cerith Wyn Evans

Cerith Wyn Evans (born 1958, Llanelli) is a Welsh conceptual artist, sculptor and film-maker.
Early life and education.
Wyn Evans completed a foundation course at Dyfed College of Art (1976–7), and later studied at Saint Martin's School of Art (1977–80) and the Royal College of Art (1981–4). Among his teachers at Saint Martin’s was conceptual artist John Stezaker. Wyn Evans then served as an assistant to Derek Jarman, with whom he worked on "The Angelic Conversation" (1985), "Caravaggio" (1986), and "The Last of England" (1987). His early experimental film work in the 1980s often concentrated on dancers including collaborations with Michael Clark. In 1988, his short film "Degrees of Blindness", starring Tilda Swinton, was shown at the Chicago International Film Festival. He also collaborated on noted pop videos with bands including The Smiths and Throbbing Gristle.
Work.
Although Wyn Evans moved to sculpture and installation in the early 1990s, the influence of film remained strong on his work. Most of the artist’s work stems from his strong interest in language and communication, often using found or remembered texts from film, philosophy or literature combined with a clean aesthetic. Writing in Frieze, in 1999, Jennifer Higgie said: "Wyn Evans’ use of repetition and elliptical meaning indicates endless possible readings his choice of a quote replete with both classical and personal implications placed at the junction of earth and sea nods to Platonic ideas about renewal, while the decaying beach reflects a more negative image of repetition as a kind of dead end, a form of stasis."
Wyn Evans' firework pieces, for example, are wooden structures that spell out open-ended texts that burn over a designated period of time. His transparent, crystal chandelier sculptures, such as the multi-coloured Italian Murano glass chandelier ‚’Astrophotography...’’ (2006) are programmed to evoke an otherworldly language from sections of text translated into the flashing light signals of Morse Code. The texts rendered in code are sometimes visible simultaneously on adjacent computer screens embedded in the gallery walls and represent a personal canon of literature and include letters, poems, philosophical extracts and short stories by writers ranging from Theodor Adorno, William Blake and Judith Butler to Brion Gysin, James Merrill and the Marquis De Sade. For the Venice Biennale in 2003, he created "Cleave 03", an installation which consisted of a World War II searchlight sending a seven-mile beam of light into the night sky over the Giudecca flashing intermittently in a morse code version of Ellis Wynne's 1703 Welsh text "Gweledigaethau y Bardd Cwsc". In his earlier Cleave installations, he refracted the light signals of Morse code off a rotating mirror ball to create dazzling and intense sensory environments. The artist is also interested in the way that soundtracks form a parallel ‘text’ for a film or photograph and in the slippage created when these sounds are dislodged, changed or removed.
From 1984, in an homage to artist and writer Brion Gysin, Wyn Evans reconstructed Gysin’s Dreamachines – cylindrical light-shades spinning on wooden platforms at 75 rpm, invented as a way to tap into dream states and the unconscious of the 'viewer'. When looked at with closed eyes, the rotating, flickering light is meant to provoke an altered state of consciousness. 
For "S=U=P=E=R=S=T=R=U=C=T=U=R=E ('Trace me back to some loud, shallow, chill, underlying motives overspill')" (2010), Wyn Evans created a wall of glowing columns, each one made from thousands of tubular lights that warm the exhibition space unbearably.
From 1989 to 1995 he taught at the Architectural Association, London.
Collaborations.
In 2007, Wyn Evans contributed to Visionaire 53: Sound, a compilation by Visionaire magazine featuring contributions from over 100 artists including Michael Stipe, Malcolm McLaren, Yoko Ono, and Christian Marclay, among others. In 2009 he collaborated with fellow artist-musician Florian Hecker and Thyssen-Bornemisza Art Contemporary on the opera project "No night No day" at the 53rd Venice Biennale. A collaboration with English band Throbbing Gristle titled "A=P=P=A=R=I=T=I=O=N" was displayed at Tramway, Glasgow in 2009; with the title taken from a poem by the radical 19th-century French writer Stéphane Mallarmé, Throbbing Gristle contributed a multi-channel soundtrack that was played through sixteen hanging Audio Spotlight sound panels that Evans had incorporated into his chandelier sculpture. In 2011, Wyn Evans was featured in Juergen Teller's ad campaign for fashion label Marc Jacobs.
Commissions.
Along with other artists, including Liam Gillick and Thomas Demand, Wyn Evans was commissioned in 2007 to contribute a work of art to the newly opened Lufthansa Aviation Center in Frankfurt. In 2010, he created five "Light Columns" for the illuminated entry portal of the K&L Gates Center in Pittsburgh, complemented by the neon wall sculpture "Mobius Strip" at the entry reception desk. Commissioned by the Great North Run Cultural Programme in 2011, he unveiled "Permit yourself..", a large-scale kinetic sculpture installation composed of double-sided glass panel mirrors, with an excerpt of text cut out of each mobile panels. That same year, the artist was commissioned to design a large scale picture (176 m2) for the season 2011/2012 in the Vienna State Opera as part of the exhibition series "Safety Curtain", conceived by museum in progress.
Exhibitions.
In 2003, Wyn Evans represented Wales in the first Wales Pavilion at the Venice Biennale. In 2004, on the occasion of his two-part exhibition at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and the List Visual Arts Center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, he combined work by himself and his father, a gifted amateur photographer, with objects from the Museum of Fine Arts and M.I.T. collections. Recent solo exhibitions include De La Warr Pavilion (2012), Kunsthall Bergen (2011), Tramway, Glasgow (2009), Inverleith House, Edinburgh (2009), MUSAC, Leon (2008), Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris (2006), Kunsthaus Graz (2005), and Camden Arts Centre (2004). He has also participated in the Moscow Biennial (2011), Aichi Triennale (2010), the Yokohama Triennale (2008), the Istanbul Biennial (2005), documenta 11 (2002), and the Venice Biennale (1995, 2003).
Wyn Evans is represented by Yvon Lambert Gallery, Paris, and White Cube, London.

</doc>
<doc id="9648946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648946" title="Novatron">
Novatron

Novatron is a trademark referring to one of various products:

</doc>
<doc id="9648947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648947" title="Persuader (novel)">
Persuader (novel)

Persuader is the seventh book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. After a chance encounter with an old adversary, Reacher finds himself once again obsessed with revenge and in increasingly dire straits in an attempt to settle a decade-long score. Reacher infiltrates a criminal organisation, quickly rising in the ranks to get revenge on his old enemy.
Plot introduction.
The book is written as a first person narrative, only the second Jack Reacher novel to be treated in this fashion.
Jack Reacher is actually working unofficially with the DEA to bring down the boy's father Zachary Beck. By pretending to save the boy from his supposed kidnappers, Reacher gains access to Beck and gradually gains his confidence. While working undercover he regrettably has to eliminate a few of Beck's minions to prevent them from exposing him. Reacher's primary motivation in getting involved at all in this off-the-books operation is to have another go at Francis Xavier Quinn, a former Military Intelligence agent who brutally mutilated and murdered a female military colleague of Reacher's ten years before. Reacher had originally presumed Quinn to be deceased after their last little encounter but eventually found that assumption to be a trifle premature. It's ten years later and Quinn somehow just happens to be Zachary Beck's boss in a supremely lucrative, international gun-running enterprise. As always, it is Reacher's all-consuming obsession with revenge, or at least with his personal interpretation of doling out justice, which pushes him far beyond the normal boundaries of physical endurance and acceptable risk.
Critical reception.
Leslie Doran of "The Denver Post" said that the novel had a "gripping and suspenseful opening" and that "for returning Reacher fans...beginning scenes will cause extra suspense". Patrick Anderson of "The Washington Post" described it as "a skillful blend of sex, violence, sadism, weaponry, spies, smuggling, revenge, deception, suspense and nonstop action", though he also notes that the novel has "several premises that are hard to swallow". After a short description of how quickly he read through the earlier books in the series after reading "Persuader", Dale Jones of "The Gazette" simply stated "You might say I liked it".

</doc>
<doc id="9648948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648948" title="The Bug Wars">
The Bug Wars

The Bug Wars (ISBN 0440108063) is a 1979 science fiction novel by Robert Asprin.
Asprin credits the song "Reminder" by Buck Coulson as his inspiration for the novel. The lyrics of the song are printed at the beginning of the book.
Plot summary.
Bug Wars takes place an unspecified length of time before the present, in an unspecified part of the galaxy. The song "Reminder," would suggest that it is at least one million years. Opening with the main character, Rahm, waking from stasis, the book covers his campaigns as part of the Tzen Warrior caste against a coalition of large Insect species; the Wasps, Leapers, and Ants, in that order.
After a mission to destroy the Wasp nests and queens on a planet, the Tzen intend to colonize. However, because of Tzen military practices, that a task force leaves after a predicted proportion of units return, assuming that all others are casualties, Rahm's flight group was stranded on the planet. The Tzen would return in a year to eliminate the Leapers, insects not unlike a praying mantis.
While stranded, the team made a number of discoveries, chief among which was the fact that the Tzen needed to find a natural predator of the Leapers to defeat them. The standard practice for the Tzen is to kill the next generation of insects before it is born, then return later to kill any remaining adults. The Leapers are immune to this, however, because they are all capable of reproduction, and bury their eggs, making them impossible to eradicate without levying resources unavailable to the Tzen Empire.
After the Empire returns as planned to eradicate the leapers, they retreat and begin looking for a creature that eats insect eggs. Rahm is selected to lead a team of Tzen from each caste to find such a creature. When they set up a pre-fabricated building as their base, they soon discover a number of hostile flora and fauna, including a plant with toxic thorns, Spiders, and a colony of Ants near their base. Several of the team are captured by the Ants, and learn that they are intelligent and capable of telepathic communication. When the team discovers a suitable creature, they round up as many as they can, but are hounded by the insects. The mission culminates in a battle between the Tzen and Insects at the base.
After the leapers have been defeated, Rahm is selected to lead a campaign against the Ants as a Planetary Commander. The mission is considered almost suicidal, with a casualty estimate of at least seventy percent. In the middle of the battle, Rahm discovers that, while they have eliminated the Ants primary power source, they had a reserve strong enough for one use of a power-consuming device. One colony used theirs for cold-beam lasers, another used it to launch an escape shuttle, which was promptly destroyed. After defeating the Ants, Rahm returned to stasis, to be reawakened whenever the empire needed him.

</doc>
<doc id="9648953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648953" title="Adolphe 1920">
Adolphe 1920

Written by John Rodker and published in 1929, Adolphe 1920 is a novella set in Paris, spanning eight hours in the life of its protagonist, Dick. 
It is similar in many respects to James Joyce's "Ulysses" and Virginia Woolf's "Mrs. Dalloway" in its use of stream-of-consciousness narration and the limiting of the action to just one day. In this sense it is very much a modernist text.
Dick is a manic narrator, and reminiscent of Septimus Smith, the shell-shocked war veteran of Woolf's "Mrs.Dalloway". There are several references to the after effects of the First World War, and the novella's fractured nature could be seen as a metaphor for fractured post-war Europe.
Plot summary.
The novella is split into eight sections - each spanning roughly an hour. The narrative is fragmented, often making it difficult to tell who is talking or thinking, or whether events are occurring in the present or being recalled.
Section I.
Dick awakes to find a fair being set up in the street outside. He recalls a visit he took to Bordeaux with his ex-lover Angela. They visited a crypt. He watches a film of a Victorian woman undressing in a mutoscope.
Section II.
He returns to the crowd in the street and becomes nauseous as he is swept up by the mass of people. He meets the Snake-lady and propositions her - she accepts. He becomes lost in the crowd again, then is found by Monica, who is possibly his current girlfriend.
Section III.
They enter a tent with waxwork displays of body parts, and disfigured people with what appear to be war-wounds. Dick picks up a dwarf. He and Monica kiss. He flees and watches another mutoscope film of a head biting a neck. He expresses a desire to rest.
Section IV.
He returns to his bedroom and dreams of Angela. He wakes as Monica enters. He gazes at her, they kiss, then he takes her outside back into the crowd and slips away from her.
Section V.
He leaves the crowd. He becomes confused and begins to daydream about Angela and his regret for love.
Section VI.
He re-enters the fair and sees five wrestlers: a bear, a fat wrestler, a thin wrestler, a large woman, and a "flour-white-faced boy". They fight and the woman wins. Dick is disgusted by this. He then sees the ghost of Angela in the crowd, and has another daydream in a tent. He watches a projected film in which a face gets larger and larger on the screen.
Section VII.
He collects Monica from his room and they go to a restaurant and then an aquarium. He has a vision of Angela as Undine.
Section VIII.
Angela returns and Monica is forced to leave. Monica returns with an unnamed escort. They pick up the Snake-lady from the fair and all five go to a club. In the club Dick specifically notes the jazz musicians, black waiters, dancers, and a singer. An unidentified black man sits with them and plays with the snake. Dick talks with Angela in an anteroom. He starts to stack glasses on one another: they topple over after Angela tells him to stop. Dick becomes delirious and returns home in a taxi. He goes to sleep.

</doc>
<doc id="9648981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648981" title="Henry Lowry-Corry (1845–1927)">
Henry Lowry-Corry (1845–1927)

Colonel Henry William Lowry-Corry DL, JP (30 June 1845 – 6 May 1927), styled The Honourable from birth, was a British soldier and Conservative politician.
Background.
Born at Castle Coole, County Fermanagh on 30 June 1845 and baptised at the local parish church at Derryvullen a month later, he was the youngest son of Armar Lowry-Corry, 3rd Earl Belmore and his wife Emily Louise Shepherd, youngest daughter of William Shepherd. Lowry-Corry was educated at Eton College and then at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. Thereafter he went to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1866 and a Master of Arts four years later.
Career.
Lowry-Corry was commissioned into the Coldstream Guards, serving in the Suakin Expedition in 1885, for which he received the Egypt Medal with a clasp and the Khedive's Star. In 1903, he retired as colonel. He entered the British House of Commons in 1873, sitting as a Member of Parliament (MP) for County Tyrone until 1880. Lowry-Corry was a Deputy Lieutenant for Suffolk and represented it also as a Justice of the Peace. He was chairman of the county's Quarter Sessions, a vice-chairman of the Territorial Force Association and a Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant for Suffolk.
Family.
On 21 September 1876, he married Hon. Blanche Edith Wood, daughter of Charles Wood, 1st Viscount Halifax by his wife Lady Mary Grey, fifth daughter of Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey and had issue:

</doc>
<doc id="9648983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648983" title="James Trotman">
James Trotman

James Trotman (born 1979) is a British tennis player who retired early from tennis due to ongoing injuries.
Trotman was born in Ipswich in 1979 and originally played tennis at his local club, Sproughton Tennis Club.
As a junior player he was world class and won 1995 Wimbledon Championships boys doubles with Martin Lee and 1997 Australian Open boys doubles with David Sherwood. He and Lee did also make one main draw appearance in the Senior Wimbledon doubles championship, in 1997. They lost in the first round to Henrik Holm and Nils Holm, 4-6, 6-3, 3-6. 
Persistent injuries prevented him from making an impact at senior professional level. His career high ATP doubles ranking was World No. 810. (He never earned any singles ranking points.) 
Since retiring as a player Trotman has moved into coaching. Among the people he has worked with are Anne Keothavong and Naomi Cavaday.

</doc>
<doc id="9648992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648992" title="Gençlik Gücü S.K.">
Gençlik Gücü S.K.

Gençlik Gücü Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in Nicosia. It was established in 1952.
Colors.
The club colors are green and white.

</doc>
<doc id="9648995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648995" title="Henry Lowry-Corry">
Henry Lowry-Corry

Henry Lowry-Corry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9648999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9648999" title="The Enemy (Child novel)">
The Enemy (Child novel)

The prequel, The Enemy is the eighth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It is narrated in the first person.
Plot summary.
In the last hours of 1989 Army Major General Ken Kramer dies of a heart attack in a seedy North Carolina motel, apparently while in the company of a prostitute. Military Police Major Jack Reacher investigates and comes to the conclusion that the woman Kramer was with stole his briefcase.
Reacher and a female MP named Lieutenant Summer travel to Virginia to inform Mrs. Kramer of her husband's death. When they arrive at the Kramer home they find the house broken into and Mrs. Kramer murdered with a crowbar.
Reacher returns to the bar across the street from the motel in an attmept to identify the prostitute. His mishandling of the inquiry results in a parking lot fight with the bouncer. The bouncer is serverly injured. Afterwards, Reacher is told by the motel night clerk that he heard a military vehicle leaving after Kramer's death, and Reacher concludes that the woman Kramer was with is a female army officer. The book introduces General Vassell and Colonel Coomer, and later their errand boy, Major Marshall. It becomes clear that they are hiding something related to a printed agenda for a meeting that was in Kramer's briefcase.
Two soldiers named Carbone and Brubaker are murdered soon afterward. It turns out that Carbone filed a complaint against Reacher, his first in a sixteen-year career, for assaulting the bar owner. This puts Reacher under a cloud of suspicion.
Reacher, in a talk with the Army Chief of Staff, learns that with the collapse of Soviet communism, the army at large is worried about its inevitable downsizing, and in particular that the different branches are engaged in a furious battle for supremacy.
Reacher realises that Vassell, Coomer and Marshall killed Carbone by sneaking Marshall onto the base. This is proven when investigation of the car finds Marshall's fingerprints as well as large quantities of blood in the trunk.
Reacher arrests Vassell and Coomer for conspiracy to commit homicide. He makes the mistake of travelling alone to a firing range in the Mojave Desert to arrest Marshall. Marshall is hiding out in a bunker and a firefight ensues, during which Marshall calls his tank squadron, practising nearby, to fire rounds onto their position. Under cover of the incoming artillery shells, and realising that time is running out, Reacher bursts into the bunker and fires. Escaping in his Humvee, he drives the wounded Marshall to a military hospital.
Reacher finds the missing agenda. It turns out that it was a plan to ensure that Armored Branch, the military the conspirators worked for, avoided being reduced. The agenda was a plan to assassinate eighteen prominent individuals in the army, one already killed. Vassell, Coomer, and Marshall plead guilty as charged in exchange for life imprisonment, avoiding the death penalty which was threatened.
Feeling guilt for having maimed an innocent man for life, Reacher pleads guilty to the brutality charge that had been brought by Carbone. He is demoted to Captain for this impulsive and totally unnecessary act of violence and reassigned to a new command.

</doc>
<doc id="9649004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649004" title="Fraud in the factum">
Fraud in the factum

Fraud in the Factum is a type of fraud where misrepresentation causes one to enter a transaction without accurately realizing the risks, duties, or obligations incurred. This can be when the maker or drawer of a negotiable instrument, such as a promissory note or check, is induced to sign the instrument without a reasonable opportunity to learn of its fraudulent character or essential terms. Determination of whether an act constitutes fraud in the factum depends upon consideration of “all relevant factors.” Fraud in the factum usually voids the instrument under state law and is a real defense against even an holder in due course.
Contrast this with the situation where a trusted employee signs a check without permission. The employer must still honor the check despite the fact that the check was a fraudulent negotiable instrument. Here, the employer had a reasonable opportunity to avoid the obligation by restricting access to the checks.
Fraud in the factum is often contrasted with fraud in the inducement.
In Boro v. Superior Court, 163 Cal. App. 3d 1224 (1985), the defendant called up the victim saying he was "Dr. Stevens" from the hospital and that the victim had a life-threatening disease. He further presented 2 options for treatment: option one was to have a painful surgery costing the victim $9,000; option 2 was to have sex with an anonymous donor costing the victim only $1,000. The victim had intercourse with the defendant believing at the time that her life was threatened and that was the only choice she had to cure the disease. The victim later, upon learning the truth, brought the charges against the defendant for rape. The court held this was fraud in the inducement and therefore there was no rape. It was fraud in the inducement because the deception related not to the thing done - the sexual intercourse - but merely to some collateral matter (cure from a life-threatening disease).

</doc>
<doc id="9649022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649022" title="Serra de Granera">
Serra de Granera

The Serra de Granera () is a mountain range located between the shires of Vallès Occidental and Vallès Oriental in Catalonia, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="9649027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649027" title="Sant Llorenç Savall">
Sant Llorenç Savall

Sant Llorenç Savall is a municipality of the shire of Vallès Occidental.

</doc>
<doc id="9649028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649028" title="Graham Webb">
Graham Webb

Graham Paul Webb (born 13 January 1944) is a former English racing cyclist who became the world amateur road race champion in 1967. In response to a journalist's shouted comment that the last British amateur world road champion had been Dave Marsh 45 years earlier, Webb retorted: "And they'll have to wait another 45 years before another British rider wins.". Not only did no British man win a world road race championship in the following 45 years, but none can now win the amateur championship as the segregation between amateur and professional cycling no longer exists.
Biography.
Early days.
Graham Webb was born on 13 January 1944, as the youngest of five children brought up by a war widow in a slum in Birmingham, England. He was given the last rites twice as a child before gaining his health.
He got his first bike when he was eight and soon enjoyed going not only on long rides, but rides of such length that they were beyond him. He began riding from Birmingham to Gloucester and back, just because it was a magical round trip, and persisted until he could do it without literally falling into a ditch from exhaustion. He succeeded 'non-stop' only on his third attempt. "I just enjoyed doing it," he said. "I enjoyed suffering, I suppose. I still do."
Webb entered his first race aged 17, a time trial. Unaware of what he was supposed to do, shy and not understanding why competitors were starting individually as opposed to together in a bunch, Webb waited until he was called, by which point, he was late for his allocated start time; the time was calculated from the allocated start time instead of his actual start time as a penalty.
Wearing a t-shirt and pumps, Webb set off under the impression that he had to catch the riders that had started ahead of him in order to win. He was hampered initially as one of his pumps fell off and he had to wait for cars to pass before being able to return to collect his shoe and continue. Webb later commented that "I quickly caught someone and waited for him. And he was telling me 'clear off, clear off' – very unsociable, I thought. I rode on, went round the turn in the road, came back; and the chain jumped off between the block and the frame. So I had to get off the bike, and I'd got a whole tool kit with me, spanner, oil can, cloth for cleaning my hands and so on, and this was wrapped round my seat tube with a spare inner tube. I had to undo the back wheel, put the chain on, do up the wheel nuts, put everything behind the seat tube and carry on."
The following Thursday evening, Webb went to his club meeting; as usual he stood painfully shy to one side. Eventually he was asked if he was Graham Webb, because if he was, he was the winner of the race. He had ridden the 25 miles in 1 hour 1 minute and 31 seconds. Had it not been for the penalty of the late start and mechanical trouble, Webb would have broken the hour on an ordinary sports bicycle; at a time when to ride 25 miles in less than an hour was still the dream of most experienced cyclists.
Racing career.
Webb spent the next years competing in several time trials and often won mass-start events on the road. Attempts to ride well in the British national track team, according to Webb, were hindered by the team's persistent lack of morale and ambition.
On a Monday evening in 1966 at Salford Park, Birmingham, having led his team to win the National Team Pursuit Championships the previous Saturday, Webb set new national track records at 10 miles, 25 miles and 1 hour; on a track which had shallow bankings and bumpy tarmac, and on which it was deemed impossible to set any kind of record. The 10 mile record had never previously been set during an hour record attempt; spectators were shouting at Webb to "slow down, you'll not last the distance at that speed!". Webb took no notice and went on to beat the old hour record by approximately 400 metres. His new record remained unbeaten for many years. 
In 1967, Webb and his wife sold all they owned and moved to Hilversum in the Netherlands, where a Dutch journalist and race organiser, Charles Ruys, had offered to find him a club and accommodation. In his first Dutch race, a semi-classic called the Omloop van de Baronie, Webb crashed over a river bank and finished 16th dripping mud and slime. After that he began winning regularly, often lapping the field several times at criteriums.
Webb's attempts at the World Track Championship in 1967 came to nothing. He trained between 200 and 300 kilometres a day for the World Road Race Championship which followed a week later. Webb got into the important breakaway in this race but dropped back to help a fellow British rider, Peter Buckley, up to the front, on his return to the front of the race Webb discovered that a handful of riders had broken away. Webb led the chase, dropping Buckley in the process, and took the lead in a corner late in the race, accelerating clear to win alone.
Turning professional.
Webb turned professional in 1968 for the Mercier team which included Raymond Poulidor and another French star, Jean Stablinski, although things started going wrong from the moment a shipping strike stranded him in Sardinia, where he had been training, forcing him to miss the team's first race. On his return home to Belgium, his racing equipment was stolen from his car, which was parked at the time in the center of Turin, Italy. This was only two days before his first professional race, the then classic Omloop Het Volk. Mechanical trouble in the Omloop Het Volk, followed by knee pain in Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne meant that by the time he was fit to ride Paris-Nice, the team's leaders had abandoned him to the extent that he found himself alone in the rain at the end of the first stage, he left his bike in a bar in Paris and was given a lift home by a spectator.
Webb rode a further year as a professional but without success. He opened a bar and had his world champion's rainbow jersey on display; when it became dirty from cigarette smoke, and as depression rose over what could have been, Webb took it down and threw it in the fire. Webb was later employed at a steel works in Ghent, as a crane operator. He never lived in Britain again, saying he was glad to leave as it had too many memories of abuse and poverty.
Webb raced successfully as an amateur, especially on the track, but became seriously unwell when he suffered an abdominal aortic aneurysm whilst riding in Ghent. Restored to close to normal health, Webb is a regular figure at bike races in Belgium. His two links with his former country are his willingness to help British riders trying to race in Belgium (although he says the British Cycling Federation never replied to his offer to work without pay as its permanent representative there) and his passion for MG-B sports cars, which he drives from his home at Wachtebeke north of Ghent.
Honours.
In 2007, Webb was acknowledged by his home town, Birmingham, on the birmingham.gov.uk web site, as a famous 'Brummie'.
In 2009, he was inducted into the British Cycling Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9649030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649030" title="Castellar del Vallès">
Castellar del Vallès

Castellar del Vallès is a municipality of Catalonia in the comarca of Vallès Occidental. It is located 7 km from Sabadell and 11 km from Terrassa, the two comarca's capitals. Other villages near Castellar del Vallès are Sant Llorenç Savall, Matadepera and Sentmenat.
History.
The first evidence of human presence dates to 7000 BCE, although there is evidence of agricultural activity in the Neolithic, around 5000 BCE. The continuation of human presence is confirmed by twentieth one of funereal urns dated in the 7th century BCE, which were located in the Plan of La Bruguera, in the municipal term with formed posterity, for a small necropolis of the age of the iron.
In 2005, the remodelling of the center of Castellar revealed archaeological finds that confirm the presence of a city of late Roman period, with funereal rests|subtractions and other related with the agricultural activity, in 4th and 5th centuries, later substituted by a Visigothic settlement in the 6th centuries in 13th.
A part of the original village of Castellar Vell, excavated between 1995 and 2001, dates to the Carolingian period. A cemetery was located here, with 250 burials of 11th, 12th and 13th centuries.
The people of the village have been traditionally tied to the marquises of Castellar, who in the present live in Barcelona.
During 1968-2006, there were 181 forest fires or attempts at fires, affecting an area of 470.8 hectares. The largest fire during this period took place in July 1983, and burned 75 hectares in the Old Shoemaker region. There have been 23 fires in the last 10 years, affecting 5.7 hectares, affecting 5.7 hectares; these are much smaller than the great forest fire of Sant Llorenç de Savall in August 2003, where 2,953.85 hectares burned.
The largest snowfalls in this area came in 1962 and 2001, and there was an historical flood in September 1962, which damaged the Tolrà factory in Can Barba, the bridge over the Brunet and in farmland near the Ripoll river.
Economy.
Traditionally the main economical source of Castellar del Vallès has been agriculture. It founded in typical Mediterranean growing (wine, olive tree, wheat, dried fruit and nuts) complemented by products of the vegetable garden. Linen and hemp have been grown on the banks of the Ripoll river since the Middle Ages.
From the 19th century an unstoppable process of industrialization being profitable starts the force|strength of the water of the Ripoll river, first manufacturing of the wool, after cotton and like this until the 20th century in that the industrial development keeps on converting the lands of growing into built-up areas or industrial estates, leaving to the agriculture like residual economical activity. A true every time more important tertiary sector, converting the economy of Castellar into the typical one of a post-industrial society.
The industrial development of Castellar del Vallès has been a lot joined to that of the textile company Tolrà, for the number of jobs as well as for the contributions of patronage of this family to the seat|town. The town counts on two industrial estates in where 5.000 persons (highlighting the companies of the sector metallurgical and of the wood) work. Another important sector is that of the services.
Transport.
Castellar has two main roads, the C-1415a, which joins the town to Sentmenat and Matadepera, and the B-124, which connects Sabadell and Sant Llorenç Savall. At the moment there are two bus lines which serve the town, Sagalés and Sarbus.
Politics.
Castellar del Vallès had a mayor of the Convergence and Union coalition (CiU) until 2007, even though a coalition had won the first local elections since the reestablishment of the democracy between the Socialists' Party of Catalonia (PSC) and the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia. During the 1999-2003 legislature and in spite of an absolute majority, Lluís Maria Corominas i Díaz arrived at a pact with the Republican Left of Catalonia (ERC) and PSC. The CIU party still governs, despite its loss of majority in the elections of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9649032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649032" title="1991 430 km of Monza">
1991 430 km of Monza

The 1991 430 km of Monza was the second round of the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Autodromo Nazionale Monza, Italy. It took place on May 5, 1991.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 90% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="9649051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649051" title="Amanuensis">
Amanuensis

An amanuensis () is a person employed to write or type what another dictates or to copy what has been written by another, and also refers to a person who signs a document on behalf of another under the latter's authority.
Origin and secretarial uses.
The word originated in ancient Rome, for a slave at his master's personal service "within hand reach", performing any command; later it was specifically applied to an intimately trusted servant (often a freedman) acting as a personal secretary.
A similar semantic evolution occurred at the French royal court, where the "secrétaire de la main du roi", originally a lowly clerk specializing in producing, at royal command, the Sovereign's signature on more documents than he cared to put his pen to, developed into the "secrétaires d'état", the first permanent portfolio ministers, to which the British Secretaries of State would be the counterpart.
The term is often used interchangeably with "secretary" or "scribe".
Academic uses.
It is also used in a specific sense in some academic contexts, for instance when an injured or disabled person is helped by an amanuensis at a written examination. A notable case in classical music was that of Eric Fenby, who assisted the blind composer Frederick Delius in writing down the notes that Delius dictated.
In the Netherlands it refers to a (technically schooled) physics or chemistry laboratory assistant responsible for preparing and assisting with laboratory demonstrations and maintaining the instruments. When employed as such in a school environment s/he will have the title of "TOA" ("technisch-onderwijsassistent", i.e. Technical Teaching Assistant).
In Norway, "amanuensis" is an academic rank of a lecturer without a doctorate, although this title is going out of use. "Førsteamanuensis" (Norwegian for "first amanuensis") is the equivalent of associate professor.
In Sweden, "amanuens" is used to denote roughly a teaching assistant at university who either continues with his own scientific work, or who works as an administrative assistant at the department where he or she studies. The title can also be used for a civil servant at archives or museums.
In Finland, "amanuenssi" is an administrative employee of a university or a research institution. In universities, amanuenses can be involved with student guidance counseling, organising course activities etc. In Finnish universities' schools of medicine, the title of "amanuenssi" is reserved for students working under guidance and supervision in hospitals, a mandatory part of medical studies.
The term is also used to describe one who assists an organist during a performance, by drawing and retiring stops, and by turning pages.
Modern religious uses.
Amanuensis is also used in New Thought and mystical religious movements — such as Church Universal and Triumphant — to describe the role of a person receiving dictation from one of the Ascended Masters. For example, Mark L. Prophet — religious leader and founder of the Summit Lighthouse (1958) — wrote down the apparent words of AM El Morya (also embodied as Thomas More) as the former claimed to have received them through dictation ("dictation" is claimed to be a form of direct communication from a non-incarnate Master to a guru or leader with the capacity to receive such messages). In doing so, Prophet served as El Morya's amanuensis.
Job titles.
Certain employers use the term for (generally unskilled) manual labourers at the bottom of the hierarchy, for example as factotum. During the 19th and early 20th century, an amanuensis was the job title for male secretaries who were employed by the railroad or ship to be available for travelers who required services en route.
The title is also used for officer positions in some collegiate debate societies, including the Philodemic Society of Georgetown University. The Amanuensis records the official proceedings of these societies.
A similar term, "handlanger", is used in German and Afrikaans.

</doc>
<doc id="9649063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649063" title="One Shot (novel)">
One Shot (novel)

One Shot is the ninth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. The book title is based on
"One shot, one kill," the military sniper's creed.
Plot.
In a small Indiana city a lone gunman in a parking garage calmly fires into a rush hour crowd in a public plaza, committing a massacre of five apparently random victims with six shots. The shooter leaves a perfect trail behind for the police to quickly track him down. Evidence from the scene, of a shell case and a quarter bearing the same fingerprints, points clearly to James Barr, a former Army Infantry sniper. He's arrested but will only say two things to the police: "They got the wrong guy," and "Get Jack Reacher for me." Reacher, a former Army Military Police officer, is 1500 miles away but sees the news on CNN and gets on a bus to Indiana. Reacher has no job, no home, no car, and a shrinking savings account from his past military pay. Although Reacher has a nomadic existence, what he does have is sharp moral clarity in a modern climate of moral ambiguity.
Instead of clearing Barr, Reacher wants to assist the prosecution in convicting him. There are good reasons why Reacher is the last person Barr would want to see. When Reacher was an investigating Military Policeman years past, Barr had gone on a killing spree similar to the Indiana shootout, murdering four men during the Gulf War in Kuwait City. Convoluted military politics and a technicality let Barr walk free. Reacher swore he would track the sniper down if he ever tried it again. Reacher believes Barr is guilty but Barr's sister Rosemary is convinced of her brother's innocence and entreats lawyer Helen Rodin to defend her brother. Helen's father is the district attorney who will prosecute the case. When Reacher arrives in Indiana, Barr has been beaten so badly whilst in prison that he can't remember anything about the day of the murders, leaving Reacher to form his own conclusions with the available evidence. The local NBC news reporter, Ann Yanni, is also looking for more information and Reacher is more than willing to include her in his investigation, in exchange for the use of her car and a guaranteed public expose on the Barr case. Reacher knows that 35 yards, the parking garage shooting distance to the victims, is point-blank range for a trained military sniper like Barr. Reacher also knows the shooter missed one shot on purpose, giving Reacher one shot at the truth.
Reacher drives to Kentucky to the shooting range where the sniper practiced and learns some interesting facts from Gunny Samuel Cash, the former US Marine who owns the shooting range, which make him doubt the solidity of the presumably airtight case against Barr. Cash is unwilling to reveal information or his records to Reacher but grudgingly agrees to talk if Reacher is able to hit a paper target dead center at 300 yards with one shot. After he succeeds, Reacher is shown 32 sheets of target paper from three years' worth of Barr's practice shootings at his range, every single sheet with dead-on maximum scores.
After the visit to the shooting range, Reacher adds Cash's information to the case evidence. Helen and Rosemary sift through the clues in a riveting analysis and finally get Reacher to conclude that Barr is innocent, which means someone set up Barr as the sniper. Someone is also trying to get Reacher off the case, which formerly seemed a slam-dunk but is now falling apart. Reacher is teamed with Helen, the young defence lawyer working against her D.A. father with a prosecution team that has an explosive secret of its own. Like most of Reacher's life, the case is a complex battlefield, but Reacher is at his best when engaged with a worthy opponent. Reacher gets closer to the unseen enemy pulling the strings, leading him to the real perpetrators, a Russian gang masquerading as legitimate businessmen. The gang's eighty-year-old capo spent much of his life in one of the infamous Soviet Gulags and is known only as the Zec. Reacher outwits the mob guards in the Russian gang's fortress, efficiently and brutally dispatching five hoods before confronting the boss and forcing him to come clean on the conspiracy from beginning to end.
Reviews.
"One Shot is pure adrenaline, from its well-constructed setup to its explosive, unforgettable finale." —Miami Herald
"Elegant, logically constructed mysteries...Mr. Child's idea of heroism has nihilism around the edges but a fierce, fighting spirit at its core. In marked contrast to the brooding figures who otherwise dominate contemporary detective stories, Reacher is not one for self-doubt. His is a two-fisted decency. But Mr. Child also gives him amazing powers of deduction, a serious conscience and the occasional touch of tenderness. It's a wildly improbable mixture, one that can't be beat." —New York Times
"Reacher's heroic origins can be traced to the peripatetic knights of King Arthur's Court up through such self-appointed arbiters of justice as Bulldog Drummond, The Saint and James Bond and his brothers in spydom. There's also more than a shade of the great Sherlock in the way he reads people and situations. character is convincingly all-American, as hard-boiled as Mike Hammer or Sam Spade. [Compelling, furiously paced escapist fiction that doesn't stint on deduction, you should definitely follow murder suspect James Barr's example and "Get Jack Reacher." —Los Angeles Times
Film adaptation.
The novel was adapted into the 2012 film "Jack Reacher". Written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie, the film stars Tom Cruise as the title character. The film entered production in October 2011, and concluded in January 2012. The setting, however was changed from Indiana to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; the film was shot entirely on location in Pittsburgh. Lee Child has a cameo role as the property desk officer in the police station after an arrest. "Jack Reacher" was released on 21 December 2012. A premier at Pittsburgh's Southside Works megaplex on 15 December, to have been attended by the film's stars and Mr. Child, was postponed following the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.

</doc>
<doc id="9649085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649085" title="Birches Head">
Birches Head

Birches Head is an area within Stoke-on-Trent. It lies on the edge of the town of Hanley.
Formerly Birches Head Farm the area had new housing built on it to meet modern demands. These houses are centered around wide, open spaces.
An old railway line runs across the estate which runs past the High School. The local High School is called Birches Head High School. The old High School site is now a Church, The Potter's House Church (Stoke-on-Trent). There is also a Canal running through the suburb, the Caldon Canal. The canal runs from another part of the City, Etruria, Staffordshire to Froghall, Staffordshire. The area is easily accessible due to its position around the City Centre, with main roads such as the A5009, A5008 and the A5272.
According to the United Kingdom Census 2011, all areas in and around Stoke-on-Trent, including Birches Head saw a rise in economic activity from 2001 to 2011 and also saw a similar number of people living in the estate for the ten years. The rise in Economical Activity may be linked to the affluence of the new build estate where a lot of houses are valued at over £150,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="9649114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649114" title="Jamie King">
Jamie King

Jamie King (born in 1972) is a creative director, choreographer, and producer whose work directing concert tours for pop stars has grossed over two billion dollars.
Early career.
King started his career in entertainment as a dancer. He went on tour with Michael Jackson on his "Dangerous World Tour" in 1992. Afterward he worked as a director and choreographer in Prince's Glam Slam West nightclub in Los Angeles. While at Grand Slam West, King created a new show every week using songs that Prince was unable to commercially release due to legal obligations to Warner Bros. Records. It was during this time that King learned staging. After seeing a performance by Prince at the 1993 American Music Awards (that King directed and choreographed), Madonna called King to talk about the two of them working together. The first time they worked together was when he choreographed her 1995 music video "Human Nature".
Fitness ventures.
In 2004, King teamed up with Nike to create the Nike Rockstar Workout for use in Crunch Fitness gyms across the United States. In 2007, he released his Rock Your Body fintess DVD which sold 100,000 copies.
"Cirque du Soleil", Super Bowl, and "Q'Viva".
In 2011 King wrote and directed a touring show by Cirque du Soleil dedicated to Michael Jackson called "". In 2012, he co-created the boy band IM5 with Perez Hilton and Simon Fuller and directed Madonna's Super Bowl XLVI halftime performance. This performance marked the third time he appeared at Super Bowl for work. His first appearance was in 1993 as a dancer in Michael Jackson's performance at Super Bowl XXVII. He returned in 1996 as a choreographer for Diana Ross' performance at Super Bowl XXX.
Also in 2012, he produced the Latin-themed entertainment show "Q'Viva! The Chosen" with Simon Fuller, Marc Anthony, and Jennifer Lopez. The show was King's first experience working in television rather than stage; however, the singers, instrumentalists, and dancers scouted from the show did give a one-time sold-out performance at the Mandalay Bay Events Center which King also directed. King was the producer for Madonna's 2012 "MDNA Tour" which marked the first time since Madonna's 2001 "Drowned World Tour" that he had not been her tour's creative director.
In 2013, King directed another Cirque Du Soleil Michael Jackson-themed show called "". Unlike the touring show Immortal, "Michael Jackson: One" is a resident stage show housed at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. Later in the year, King was the creative director for the third season of "The X Factor".
In 2014, King directed Bruno Mars' Super Bowl XLVIII halftime performance which marked the fourth time he had appeared at Super Bowl for work.
Tours.
King was the director for the following tours/productions:
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="9649119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649119" title="The Hard Way (novel)">
The Hard Way (novel)

The Hard Way is the tenth Jack Reacher novel written by Lee Child. It was published in 2006 by Delacorte Press. It is included among the majority of his novels written in the third person.
Plot.
After witnessing an exchange of $1,000,000. Jack Reacher is hired by the underhanded director of a private military firm to rescue his wife and stepchild, who appear to have been kidnapped. While Reacher uncovers clues that might lead to a rescue, he learns about the director's dubious past which involves a murderous plot against two ex-associates. He meets a beautiful ex-FBI agent converted to private investigator who assists him in the investigation to unveil the shocking truth, and ultimately engages in a showdown on a farm in Norfolk, England. The novel is set primarily in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9649124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649124" title="Mühlauer Bach">
Mühlauer Bach

The Mühlauer Bach also called "Worm Creek" originates on a height of 1.700 m above Sea Level. It runs via the Arzler wind-gap in southern direction through "Mühlau" to the Inn River. With exception of the Inn River the creek is the richest flowing waters of the city, has a length of app. 5 km. and lies in full on Innsbruck city area.
Usage.
The upper course until "Schiller" settlement has Grade A quality. There is also the main water reservoir of the entire city. In the near future a part of the water is used for supplying Vill with water by installing a new line. The Creek is also important for industrial purposes because a power plant in Mühlau provides the nearby commercial district with electricity. In the lower course the quality remains constantly at B even though the service water. Small fish population can be found in the broad sections.
Myth.
The End of the wind-gap at the Arzler ravine is called „Devil’s pulpit“. Rumour has it that a wyvern was defeated here and its blood turned into water.

</doc>
<doc id="9649129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649129" title="2007 Paris–Nice">
2007 Paris–Nice

The 2007 edition of the Paris–Nice stage race took place from March 11 until March 18 on the 2007 UCI ProTour. The race was won by Spaniard Alberto Contador riding for the , who going into the final stage was six seconds behind Davide Rebellin from . Contador broke away on the Col d'Eze, the last climb of the race, to claim both the stage victory along the Promenade des Anglais and the overall race victory.

</doc>
<doc id="9649134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649134" title="Found Aircraft">
Found Aircraft

Found Aircraft Canada is an aircraft manufacturer based in Parry Sound, Ontario. Found originally formed in 1946 to produce a new bush plane design, the FBA-1, but entered production in 1964 with the Found FBA-2. The original company ceased production of the FBA-2 in 1967. In 1994 the company re-formed and starting in 1997 placed the FBA-2 back in production as the FBA-2C1 "Bush Hawk" and FBA-2C2 "Bush Hawk-XP".
Two new and improved models are currently being developed for the private pilot market. Both will be built under their Expedition Aircraft brand, launched in 2007. The two models (the E350 and the E350XC) will be offered on both tricycle and conventional gear. The E350 is being marketed as a Cessna 206 competitor, featuring higher performance, four doors, and STOL performance. The Expedition E350 was FAA type certified in December 2008.
History.
In 1946, Found Brothers Aviation was established by Nathan K. (Bud) Found and his brother Micky, to design and build the FBA-1 aircraft. The design was based on experience gained from bush operations north of Edmonton, and down the McKenzie River to the Arctic coast. It was designed to operate on wheels, tundra tires, skis and floats and to withstand the rugged use encountered in the undeveloped regions of Canada’s bush country. The FBA-1 first flew in 1949 and was used as a proof of concept aircraft.
Design refinements were started in 1950 for the FBA-2. Due to limited funds, progress was slow and this aircraft, with a tricycle landing gear, first flew in 1959. This flight demonstrated the aircraft’s excellent handling qualities and, as a result, John David Eaton (of Eaton's Department Stores) purchased two aircraft for Georgian Bay Airways in Parry Sound. Mr. Eaton also ended up being the major investor behind the development of the FBA-2C production model. Certification in Canada and the United States was obtained in 1964, with production starting that year.
The company had difficulty producing the hand-made aircraft in a profitable manner and production ceased in 1967, after only twenty-seven examples had been produced. During the following thirty years, the FBA-2C developed a legendary reputation as a safe, rugged, reliable, and economical aircraft. Nine FBA-2C's remain flying in Canada today, some having over 13,000 hours of operation.
The Centennial 100 was developed as an improved version of the Found FBA-2 in 1966-67. Only five were built.
In 1994, N.K. (Bud) Found regained control to the rights of the aircraft. In 1996, these rights were then transferred to Found Aircraft Development. This company, and its wholly owned manufacturing subsidiary, Found Aircraft Canada, were established to develop and produce the FBA-2C1 Bush Hawk, essentially a minor update to the original in order to comply with new regulations. In 1997, Transport Canada reinstated the FBA-2C's type certificate. After two years of redevelopment work to the design, the Bush Hawk was certified in Canada in March 1999 and the United States in March 2000.
Found Aircraft's largest customer to date is the United States Department of the Interior, which uses the aircraft mainly in its U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service division in Alaska.
Today, Found aircraft produces and sells the FBA-2C3 E350, which is an evolution of the 2C2 Bush Hawk, with tricycle landing gear, five seats and a Lycoming IO-580 engine producing .

</doc>
<doc id="9649147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649147" title="Sylfest Lomheim">
Sylfest Lomheim

Sylfest Lomheim (born 11 March 1945 in Hafslo) is a Norwegian philologist.
He was the director of the Norwegian Language Council from 2003 to 2010. He is also associate professor ("amanuensis") in the Norwegian language at the University of Agder. He was rector of its predecessor Agder Regional College from 1987 to 1992.
Lomheim has written works on translation and language standardisation, and has worked in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation since 1980, both in radio and TV.
In 1997, under the Jagland's Cabinet, he was appointed state secretary in the Ministry of Children and Family Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="9649152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649152" title="Gustavo Moretto">
Gustavo Moretto

Gustavo Moretto (Gustavo Rafael Moretto) *March 31, 1950) is an Argentinean composer, pianist, trumpet player and singer-songwriter.
Work and education.
Gustavo Moretto was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he initiated his music career as a trumpet player, composer and pianist for Alma y Vida, one of that country's most famous bands. He later left the band to form ALAS (band) together with Alex Zuker and Carlos Riganti where he was the composer and keyboard player. In 1979, Mr. Moretto traveled to the United States where he pursued formal training in composition.
He holds a Doctorate degree in music composition from Columbia University, Bachelors Degree from The New England Conservatory and has been a professor in charge of the instrumental program at La Guardia Community College in New York City since 1996.
Honors and recognition.
Honors Mr. Moretto received include a Guggenheim Fellowship, a Norton Stevens Fellowship at the MacDowell Colony, ASCAP's Raymond Hubbell Music Scholarship Award, a Fellowship at the Composer's Conference at Wellesley College, and a Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation sponsorship at Yaddo. His classical works have been performed by the Washington Square Contemporary Music Society, the Earplay Music Ensemble of San Francisco, the Dinosaur Annex Music Ensemble of Boston, the Chamber Players of The Composers Conference at Wellesley College, Speculum Musicae at Columbia University, the Agrupación Nueva Música of Buenos Aires, the Grupo de Cámara de Buenos Aires, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9649154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649154" title="Ornithoptera chimaera">
Ornithoptera chimaera

The Chimaera Birdwing ("Ornithoptera chimaera") is a birdwing butterfly of the papilionidae family. It is found in mountain areas of New Guinea, 1000 meters asl.
The 'chimaera' portion of both the scientific and vernacular name, is named after the Chimaera, Greek: Χίμαιρα, Khimaira, from χίμαρος, khimaros, a creature in Greek mythology, composed of the parts of three animals.
Description.
The wingspan is 80–180 mm in females and 70–150 mm in males.
Male: The fore wings are ground colour black. There are two green areas.The underside of the fore wing is green. The margin of the wing is black. The veins are black. There is a chain of little postdiscal internervular black spots on the wing. The hind wing inner part and the edge are black. The other part of the wing is green and contains some large, golden spots and two or more black spots. The underside of the hind wing is green. There are large, golden spots and three black spots. The inner edge is very hairy.
The abdomen is bright yellow. Head and thorax are black. The underside of thorax has two red tufts.
Female: "Ornithoptera chimaera" is sexually dimorphic. The female is larger than the male. The general colour of the female is dark-brown. There is a chain of white postdiscal spots on the fore wings, a discal chain and white subcostal spots. In the discal part of the hind wings there is a large, white area. The outer edge of this white area is yellow. Between the white part and the yellow part there is a chain of black spots.
Type material.
The holotype is in the Natural History Museum, London.
Biology.
"O. chimaera" is a montane species found in the Central Range montane rainforests. The larvae feed on species of the genus "Aristolochia" including "Aristolochia momandul". The female lays up to 20 eggs on the leaves. Adults feeds upon the nectar of "Spathodea" (an invasive species) and "Hibiscus". Groups of both sexes can be seen circling the tops of these trees in the canopy.
Conservation.
The Chimaera Birdwing is listed on CITES appendix II, restricting international trade to those who have been granted a permit. It is also regarded at "near threatened" by the IUCN.

</doc>
<doc id="9649163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649163" title="Jericho Governorate">
Jericho Governorate

The Jericho Governorate ( ""; , translit. "Nafat Yeriḥo") is one of 16 Governorates of Palestine. It is located along the eastern areas of the West Bank, along the northern Dead Sea and southern Jordan River valley bordering Jordan. The governorate spans west to the mountains east of Ramallah and the eastern slopes of Jerusalem, including the northern reaches of the Judaean Desert. The population of the Jericho Governorate is estimated to be 31,501, including approximately 6,000 Palestinian refugees in the governorate's camps. 
Agriculture is important to the economy in the district, especially in the valley near Jericho, its capital. Jericho is often considered the oldest continuous settlement in the world; its many historic and archaeological sites attract numerous tourists to the area.
Elishia's Park (also called Elisee's Spring and Ein el-Sultan) is an oasis in the Jericho District that is home to orchards, palm groves, banana plantations, and other flora.

</doc>
<doc id="9649166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649166" title="Mohan (actor)">
Mohan (actor)

Mohan Rao (born 10 May 1956) is a popular Kollywood actor. He hails from Udupi district of Karnataka. He is also known as Kokila Mohan after his debut as an adult-actor in a film called "Kokila", which starred Kamal Haasan in the lead role. He considers Balu Mahendra as his mentor. He has acted in Kannada films, Telugu films and Malayalam films, but his main contribution was to Tamil cinema where he has acted in 83 films.
Early life.
Mohan was born and brought up in ITI Colony, Bangalore. His father was a restaurateur who owned restaurants at various places in south Karnataka and in Bangalore. He completed his education in Bangalore.
Career.
From 1978 to 1988, the Mohan phenomenon swept the Tamil movie world off its feet and the hysteria he generated was unlike anything seen before and after. At one point, three films of Mohan’s were released on the same day, at the same theater complex all three ran for more than a hundred days and created a record which has never been broken by any actor to date. Though Sivaji Ganesan was highest paid actor from 1976-1985 and Kamal Hasan was 2nd highest paid actor in Tamil films from 1979-1989 but Mohan was highest in demand Tamil film actor from 1980-1988 post release of Moodu Pani and was 2nd highest paid Tamil film actor along-with Kamal Hasan from 1980-1985 and the four actors Rajanikanth, Kamal Hasan, Karthik and Mohan were together the highest paid Tamil actors from 1986-1991.
Mohan’s entry into the field of acting was accidental. Mohan was introduced into the world of theater by B. V. Karanth and trained by the likes of G. V. Iyer. Mohan was spotted by B. V. Karanth at a restaurant and asked to join the theater group. Mohan’s first stage play was praised by critics from places like Delhi. Mohan was introduced to the cinema by Balu Mahendra in his movie "Kokila" in 1977 alongside Tamil actor Kamal Haasan.
"Kokila" was a hit and Mohan was catapulted into the limelight, where he played a friend of Kamal Haasan, the hero; ever since release of Moodu Pani in 1980 then he has become one of the biggest-grossing box-office stars of the Tamil cinema industry. He is called the "Silver Jubilee Star" and "Rajendra Kumar" of Tamil film industry since almost all movies featuring Mohan witnessed a fantastic run.
After Kokila, Mohan starred in a Malayalam movie titled "Mathalasa". Furthermore, immediately after the success of the Malayalam movie, Mohan went on to sign a Telugu film titled "Thoorpu Velle Railu", which was a remake of the Tamil film "Kizhakkae Pogum Rail". The Telugu version was directed by Bapu. After that Mohan was introduced in the Tamil film "Nenjathai Killathey" by director Mahendran. In 1980 he acted in dual roles for the first time in "Gandar Golam" which was directed by director Singeetham Srinivasa Rao.
"Nenjathai Killaadhey" marked the beginning of the peak of Mohan's career. "Kilinjalgal" by Durai ran for more than 25 weeks. Mohan’s sensational hit "Payanagal Mudivathillai" ran for 500 days. Most of the movies which Mohan starred in since then were either Silver Jubilee or ran for over 200 days.
Mohan became a major star through "Payanangal Mudivathillai" (1982) The trio of Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubramanyam and Mohan created history in the Tamil music world with consistent hits.
At the peak of his career, Mohan took up challenging negative roles in films like "Nooravadhu Naal" (1984) and "Vidhi" (both were blockbusters in 1984). He also performed in comedies like "Sahadevan Mahadevan" and "Rettai Vaal Kuruvi" (likewise blockbusters). In fact, Mohan played the role of a wonderful lover and husband in "Mouna Raagam" and in "Rettaival Kuruvi" he portrayed a man who cheats his wife and ending up being with two wives.
Thereafter till 1988, it looked like he was steady. But there was more to him than just his mannerisms as he built an image of a gentle romantic. Mohan even portrayed negative characters in the movies "Vithi", "Nooravathu Naal", "Nan Ungal Rasigan" and "December Pookal" and those films were box-office hits as well. The audience accepted him as a hardcore romantic villain and also as a good comedian.
"Payanangal Mudivathillai" was perhaps his greatest ever performance as a singer and a man stricken with cancer. As he went from strength to strength, even his guest appearances in "Sri Raghavendra" (1985) alongside Rajinikanth and "Nanpadum Padal" generated more hysteria. Mohan has worked with top heroines of the day like Suhasini, Poornima, Radha, Amala, Radhika, Kushboo, Ambika, Revathi, Nalini, Nadiya, Jayashree, Lizy and Archana. His on-screen pair with Nalini, Poornima Jayaram, Radha, Ambika was always more popular with audience.
The film Anjali originally had actor Mohan playing the male lead, and actress Revathi was finalized for the female lead. Mani Ratnam had planned to make Anjali a sequel to his previous film Mouna Ragam, which also starred Mohan and Revathy. However, Mohan opted out of the film due to conflicting dates, and was replaced by Raghuvaran. 
He also created a record in 1984, when 19 of his films were released and 14 were hits and others flopped only cause too many theatres ran Mohan's films and so ate into each-other's business. Mohan played a major role in the life of the production company Motherland Pictures.
Voice.
Despite becoming fluent in Tamil after acting in more films, his voice was usually dubbed by S. N. Surendar. He dubbed in his own voice for the first time in "Paasa Paravaigal" after the insistence of M. Karunanidhi, former chief minister of Tamil Nadu. From then on, he usually dubbed for his character and even spoke literary Tamil for "Pasamazhai". His 1986 Tamil film, "Mouna Raagam" won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil.
He holds the record in the Tamil film industry for having great success ratio at box-office than most of his contemporaries in the period 1980-1991 as of the 82 Tamil films he did from 1980-1991, 63 became hits. Offers for him as the hero disappeared after his film Jagadala Prathapan. His last movie was Uruvam which became flopped. The film Uruvam ultimately bombed at the box-office but the film has grown a strong cult film.It destroyed the film career of Mohan. Thereafter, he didn't get any chance to work in his film career. But Mohan surprised industry insiders by not doing "Anjali" due to personal reasons, the film planned as the "Mouna Ragam" and finally Mani Ratnam brought in Raghuvaran.
Comeback ventures.
However, he attempted a comeback by producing, directing, and playing the lead role in "Anbulla Kadhalukku" in 1999. However, the movie flopped. He took a new avatar as the producer of tele-serials and managed to come out with a serial on the prominent Tamil satellite channel Sun TV. 
Mohan again played the hero after a hiatus of nine years in the moderate success film "Sutta Pazham", a low-budget production. Mohan made a comeback to Kannada film with "Ghautham" (2009), directed by Rajeev Prasad and starring Prem Kumar, Sara, and Ananth Nag. His Kannada film "Asokavana" is scheduled for an early 2011 release but it is to be post-production of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9649167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649167" title="Ann Welch">
Ann Welch

Ann Courtenay Welch OBE, née Edmonds, (20 May 1917 — 5 December 2002) was a pilot who received the Gold Air Medal from Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) for her contributions to the development of four air sports - gliding, hang gliding, paragliding and microlight flying.
Early life.
She was the daughter of a railway engineer and was born in London. As a child, Ann Welch kept a diary listing every aeroplane that flew over the house. She first flew with Alan Cobham in 1930. After she had acquired a motorbike to visit the local aerodrome, she learnt to fly, earning her pilot’s licence in 1934 one month after her seventeenth birthday. From an early age she excelled in drawing and painting, and was a painter of note.
Pre-war and war.
She started gliding in 1937 and attended an Anglo-German Fellowship Camp at the London Gliding Club meeting Wolf Hirth and Hanna Reitsch followed by a return visit to Germany in 1938. She restarted the Surrey Gliding Club in 1938 at Redhill, Surrey becoming their Chief Flying Instructor and achieving a membership of over 100. When the Second World War broke out she enrolled in the Air Transport Auxiliary, ferrying many types of aircraft including Spitfires, Hurricanes, Blenheims and Wellingtons from the factories to their operational units. She stopped this work shortly before the birth of her first daughter.
Gliding.
After the war she returned to gliding and with Lorne Welch and Walter Morison (two former prisoners at Colditz Castle), she restarted the Surrey Gliding Club, eventually moving it in 1951 to Lasham Airfield. She trained many pilots and instructors while bringing up a young family, sometimes shouting instructions to a family member as she flew past in an open-cockpit glider. For twenty years she was in charge of the British Gliding Association's panel of examiners responsible for British instructor standards and training. She was an avid cross-country pilot and became a member of the British team at World Gliding Championships for many years. Flying from Lezno in Poland in 1961, she broke the British women's distance record with 528 km. Her books on aviation are still widely admired and sought after. She flew over 150 types of aircraft.
Administration.
Welch was an active volunteer to the British Gliding Association as vice chairman. She also managed the British Gliding Team for twenty years, and organised competitions including the World Gliding Championships at South Cerney in 1965. Later, she was elected as delegate to the FAI's International Gliding Commission and acted as jury member at several World Gliding Championships. 
For many years she and Philip Wills administered British gliding until the members felt that a change was needed. Conscious of the increasing cost of gliding and the need to involve young people, she moved away from gliding and became closely involved in the development of hang gliding and paragliding, and was founder President of the FAI's Hang Gliding Commission and its Paragliding Commission, and was a member of the FAI's Microlight Commission. She became president of the British Hang Gliding Association and when in 1991, the hang-gliders and paragliders joined forces, Welch was appointed president of the British Hang Gliding and Paragliding Association. In 1978 she was appointed the president of the British Microlight Aircraft Association.
Awards and honours.
Ann Welch was awarded the FAI Bronze Medal (1969), the Lilienthal Gliding Medal (1973) and the FAI Gold Air Medal (1980) in recognition of her devotion to the training and encouragement of young pilots. (With the Gold Medal she joined a group that included Otto Lilienthal and Frank Whittle.) In 1989 she was awarded the FAI's Pelagia Majewska Gliding Medal as an outstanding female glider pilot.
Her love of outdoor included sailing and studied the wind and tides. This was ultimately rewarded when in 1997 she was elected an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Institute of Navigation. She was appointed MBE in 1953 and advanced to OBE in 1966. 
In 2005 the Ann Welch Award was instituted for outstanding contributions to instruction in air sports. It was first presented in 2006 at Royal Aero Club's Awards Ceremony. Also in 2006, the FAI created the Ann Welch Diploma which may be awarded each year to the pilot or crew of a microlight or paramotor who made the most meritorious flight which resulted in a world record.
Personal life.
She married Graham Douglas in 1939, whose family owned Redhill Aerodrome and who had lent the club the £300 needed to buy the necessary gliders and a winch. This marriage was eventually dissolved and five years later she married Lorne Welch in 1953. Lorne Welch predeceased her but she was survived by her three daughters.
Bibliography.
and many others

</doc>
<doc id="9649184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649184" title="Zafer Stadı">
Zafer Stadı

Zafer Stadı is a multi-purpose stadium in Guzelyurt, Northern Cyprus. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosted some matches for 2006 ELF Cup. The stadium holds 7,000 people. It is the home of the football clubs Baf Ülkü Yurdu S.K. and Binatlı Yılmaz S.K..

</doc>
<doc id="9649186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649186" title="Bad Luck and Trouble">
Bad Luck and Trouble

Bad Luck and Trouble is the eleventh book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 2007.
The title is derived from the song lyrics by singer Albert King "Born Under a Bad Sign".
Plot summary.
A man with two broken legs is thrown out of a corporate helicopter from 3,000 feet above the California desert.
Seventeen days after that, Reacher is roaming alone with no objectives, no phone, no address, just the clothes he's wearing and his ATM card, when he sees an anonymous deposit to his bank account. Reacher automatically analyses the amount, using his math obsession and investigative skills. Also obsessed with math, Frances Neagley (previously seen in "Without Fail") is the sender of $1,030.00, which Reacher recognizes as their old army code, 10–30, for urgent help needed. He meets up with Neagley in California and they discover the death of Calvin Franz, one of nine members of their elite team of ex–army investigators, who are being hunted down one by one. After getting no reply from anyone else, their suspicions rise and Neagley convinces him to put the old unit back together. Reacher and Neagley find that three of the other five members are missing, while Stan Lowery had a fatal car accident years earlier. They conclude Franz called the others for help with a major problem but left out the remaining four that resided too far away to get to him quickly, apart from Reacher, who is famously untraceable.
Reacher and Neagley visit Franz's widow and child, Angela and Charlie. Angela is not surprised to see them and says that Franz told her all about the team, which made her feel like he had been married before, to them. Reacher notes if people were lucky like the team, they became family, but Franz got even luckier with her and Charlie, with Angela replying "but his luck ran out". The visit produces no useful information about Franz's death, but Angela gives them Franz's office keys, which Reacher and Neagley find gutted and trashed. They realise the perpetrators didn't find what they were looking for and that Franz kept his home life completely separate from his business, leading Franz to mail any dangerous computer data to himself, with triple backup of refreshed computer USB flash drives on rotating days. They find his flash memory sticks in his business post-office box and try unsuccessfully to crack the password. More information on the other team members shows that Franz was unlikely to be the one who called for help. Reacher and Neagley go to Tony Swan's workplace, defence contractor "New Age" in search of information, but are sent away with basically nothing by the HR manager, Margaret Berenson except that Swan had been unemployed by them three weeks prior.
They meet David O'Donnell at their hotel, making three of the team alive. O'Donnell cracks the password to Franz's flash drives and the team reviews a set of bizarre numbers which they conclude to be scores, and an unfamiliar name "Adrian Mount" with four aliases. The trio then go to Swan's home for more clues. Following Reacher and his team is an unmarked car, which they trap to discourage the driver. After roughing him up they find out the driver is an LA County Deputy named Thomas Brant, but outside of his jurisdiction in Orange County, CA. The team decides to ditch their rental car for a new one and run into Karla Dixon. With four of the team now alive, they proceed to source money, cars and weapons. Except for Reacher, all the team members have "moved onward and upward" from the military, making Reacher reconsider his drifting. He is happy for the others' successes but feels as if he is "treading water while the rest are swimming". Putting aside conflicting reactions at seeing his team again, Reacher focuses on the three missing members, Manuel Orozco, Jorge Sanchez and Tony Swan, and which one was in a situation so bad they couldn't handle it on their own and called for help.
Unsurprised, Reacher is visited by Brant and his boss, Curtis Mauney, an LA County Sheriff. But Reacher is surprised when Mauney tells him that Reacher and his team are bait, for whoever killed Franz and caused Swan, Sanchez and Orozco to be reported missing. Mauney's LA sheriffs and Las Vegas police frequently work together and recent information had linked the dead and the missing with Reacher's team. Neagley gets a response regarding Swan's company "New Age" from Diana Bond, a staffer for a guy on the House Defense Committee, that Reacher and his team distrust, but they pressure Diana for confidential information on "New Age" and its military contracts.
Mauney later contacts the team with information on Jorge Sanchez's death and Vegas police evidence on Adrian Mount with three aliases, one less than Franz had. Sanchez and Orozco were partners in a Las Vegas casino security firm and the team drives to Las Vegas for clues and answers on Sanchez and the still missing Orozco. Reacher and his team seek out the major casino security directors about the possibility of Sanchez and Orozco being involved in a large scale internal multi-casino thief network and are told about Sanchez's girlfriend, who leads them to Orozco's wife and children. An assassination attempt is made on Reacher and his team but they kill the assassin and take his car, which Reacher recalls from their LA hotel. Reacher uses the cell phone in the car to return-dial the last number on the call list, telling the man who answers that his assassin failed, the team knows he is behind their unit's dead members and they are coming for him.
From Las Vegas they are told to meet Mauney at the hospital, leading Reacher to conclude that Sanchez is not dead, just severely injured. O'Donnell and Dixon go to the hospital and Reacher and Neagley go to find Margaret Berenson, after they realise that she has been lying to them. They find that New Age has been producing state of the art air missiles and pretending to destroy the prototypes, while selling them to foreign terrorists. Neagley and Reacher leave Berenson's house after finding out Berenson is being blackmailed with harm to her son, and arranging a safe hiding place for them. O'Donnell and Dixon are captured by Mauney's men in the hospital and taken to New Age's Director, Allen Lamaison. Reacher and Neagley track Mauney down, take his suitcase containing the terrorists' payment of $65 million, and kill him. At the second New Age complex, Reacher stows away on the same helicopter as Lamaison, where he finds O'Donnell and Dixon tied up and about to be thrown off and killed the same way that Franz, Orozco, Sanchez and Swan were. Reacher confronts Lamaison just in time, kills his assistant and pushes Lamaison out of the helicopter once it is fully one mile above ground level. After the helicopter lands Reacher asks the pilot if he flew for each of the murders and after confirmation, Reacher kills the pilot also.
The last part is the terrorist weapons buyer, who Reacher concludes does not know how to use them. The team finds the one New Age staff engineer capable of teaching the terrorist how to use the weapons, and who is being threatened with his daughter's torture. Reacher poses as the engineer briefly as the terrorist arrives, then he and Neagley tie the terrorist up, leaving him for the special military police to find him. Later, the four team members agree to set up trust funds for the murdered team members' loved ones, with a donation to PETA for Tony Swan's only family, his dog Maisi, and split the remaining money obtained from the bad guys. Reacher eventually receives a deposit for over $100,000 in his account, automatically analyses it, and thinks the amount is just a boring plain number. He feels disappointed and let down by Dixon, the money manager of the group. But the detailed report shows multiple deposits, "101810.18. 10012 ... Military police radio code for mission accomplished, twice over. 10–18, 10–18 ... second deposit was her zip code: 10012. Greenwich Village. Where she lived."
Production.
Child began forming the plot on 21 June 2005, when he remembered that it was ten years to the day he had been fired from a previous job, leading to the why and how he became a writer. He then thought about old colleagues, workmates, buddies, that he went through a lot with, and wondered where they all were, what were they doing, were they doing well or struggling, were they happy, what did they look like, and leading to full nostalgia. Feelings that high school, college, old jobs, old towns moved away from, that everyone shares. He decided to make the next Reacher book about a reunion, "among a bunch of old colleagues that he hadn't seen for ten years, people that he loved fiercely and respected deeply. Regular Reacher readers will know that he's a pretty self-confident guy, but I wanted him to wobble just a little this time, to compare his choices with theirs, to measure himself against them." When Reacher's old friend tells him in the novel's beginning to "put the old unit back together", Child notes, "It's an irresistible invitation. Wouldn't we all like to do that, sometimes?"
The front of "Bad Luck and Trouble" has a dedication "For the real Frances L. Neagley", who is a real person. Frances Neagley won a Bouchercon charity auction to have a character named after them in Child's novel
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" reported, "ractically nothing is what it seems, and the meticulously detailed route to the truth proves especially engrossing thanks to the joint efforts of this band of brothers (and two sisters)... their smart-ass banter masking an unspoken affection. The villains' comeuppance, a riveting eye-for-an-eye battle scene (hint: helicopter), is one of Child's more satisfying finales."
"The New York Times" wrote, "Bad Luck and Trouble unfolds with the simple, immaculate logic that makes this series utterly addictive."
"The Portland Tribune" noted, "Guaranteed to keep you flipping pages... ruthlessly and relentlessly effective."

</doc>
<doc id="9649188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649188" title="Makhmalbaf">
Makhmalbaf

Makhmalbaf is an Iranian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9649190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649190" title="Contemporary Pragmatism">
Contemporary Pragmatism

Contemporary Pragmatism (CP) is an interdisciplinary, international, academic journal for discussions of applying pragmatism, broadly understood, to today's issues. The journal will consider articles about pragmatism written from the standpoint of any tradition and perspective, but it concentrates on original explorations of pragmatism and pragmatism's relations with humanism, naturalism, and analytic philosophy. The journal welcomes both pragmatism-inspired research and criticisms of pragmatism. It does not consider submissions that principally interpret or critique historical figures of American philosophy, although applications of past thought to contemporary issues are sought. Contributions may deal with current issues in any field of philosophical inquiry. CP encourages interdisciplinary efforts, establishing bridges between pragmatic philosophy and, for example, theology, psychology, pedagogy, sociology, medicine, economics, political science, or international relations.
The journal was founded in 2004 and is published by Rodopi.
CP is published biannually in June and December. 
ISSN.
ISSN: 1572-3429
Editors.
John R. Shook, Center for Inquiry Transnational, USA
Assistant Editor.
Russ Pryba, Niagara University, USA 
Editorial Board.
Susana de Castro Amaral, Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Randall Auxier, Southern Illinois University at Carbondale, USA
James Bohman, Saint Louis University, USA
Richard J. Bernstein, New School University, USA
Randall Dipert, University at Buffalo
Pascal Engel, Université Paris IV - Sorbonne, France
Jose Miguel Esteban, Universidad Autonoma del Estado de Morelos, Mexico
Nancy Frankenberry, Dartmouth College, USA
Nancy Fraser, New School University, USA
Jim Garrison, Virginia Tech University, USA
Paulo Ghiraldelli, Jr., Centro de Estudos em Filosofia Americana, Brazil
Eddie Glaude, Princeton University, USA
Russell Goodman, University of New Mexico, USA
Susan Haack, University of Miami, USA
Jürgen Habermas, Johann Wolfgang Goethe University of Frankfurt, Germany
Leoni Henning, Universidade Estadual de Londrina, Brazil
Susan Hurley, University of Warwick, Great Britain
Hans Joas, University of Erfurt, Germany; University of Chicago, USA
Robert Kane, University of Texas, USA
Paul Kurtz, Center for Inquiry Transnational, USA
John Lachs, Vanderbilt University, USA
Alvaro Marquez-Fernandez, Universidad del Zulia, Venezuela
Joseph Margolis, Temple University, USA
James Marshall, University of Auckland, New Zealand
Glenn McGee, Center for Medical Ethics Research, Albany Medical Center, USA
Floyd Merrell, Purdue University, USA
Cheryl Misak, University of Toronto, Canada
Lucius Outlaw, Jr., Vanderbilt University, USA
Michael Peters, University of Auckland, Australia; University of Glasgow, Scotland
Huw Price, University of Sydney, Australia
Hilary Putnam, Harvard University, USA
Bjørn Ramberg, University of Oslo, Norway
Mike Sandbothe, Aalborg University, Denmark
Jeffrey Stout, Princeton University, USA
Claudine Tiercelin, L'Université de Paris-XII, France
Celal Türer, Erciyes University, Turkey
Bas van Fraassen, Princeton University, USA
Marcus Vinícius da Cunha, Universidade de São Paulo, Ribeirão Preto, Brazil 
Cornel West, Princeton University, USA
Affiliated Society.
Contemporary Pragmatism is affiliated with the International Pragmatism Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9649191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649191" title="Suicide crisis">
Suicide crisis

A suicide crisis, suicidal crisis, or potential suicide, is a situation in which a person is attempting to kill him or herself or is seriously contemplating or planning to do so. It is considered by public safety authorities, medical practice, and emergency services to be a medical emergency, requiring immediate suicide intervention and emergency medical treatment.
Nature of a suicide crisis.
Most cases of potential suicide have warning signs. Attempting to kill oneself or harming oneself, talking about or planning suicide, writing a suicide note, talking or thinking frequently about death, exhibiting a death wish by expressing it verbally or by taking potentially deadly risks, are all indicators of a suicide crisis. More subtle clues include preparing for death for no apparent reason (such as putting affairs in order, changing a will, etc.), writing goodbye letters, and visiting or calling family members or friends to say farewell. The person may also start giving away previously valued items (because he or she "no longer needs them"). In other cases, the person who seemed depressed and suicidal may become normal again; these people particularly need to be watched because the return to normalcy could be because they have come to terms with whatever act is next.
Depression is a major causative factor of suicide, and individuals suffering from depression are considered a high-risk group for suicidal behavior. However, suicidal behaviour is not just restricted to patients diagnosed with some form of depression. More than 90% of all suicides are related to a mood disorder, such as bipolar disorder, or other psychiatric illnesses, such as schizophrenia. The deeper the depression, the greater the risk, often manifested in feelings or expressions of apathy, helplessness, hopelessness, or worthlessness.
Suicide is often committed in response to a cause of depression, such as the cessation of a romantic relationship, serious illness or injury (like the loss of a limb or blindness), the death of a loved one, financial problems or poverty, guilt or fear of getting caught for something the person did, drug abuse, old age, concerns with sexual identity (that is, wanting to be a member of the opposite sex), among others.
In 2006, WHO conducted a study on suicide around the world. The results in Canada showed that 80-90% of attempts failed (an estimation, due to the complications of predicting attempted suicide). 90% of failed suicides investigated lead to hospitalizations. 12% of attempts were in hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="9649196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649196" title="Granera">
Granera

Granera is a municipality of the shire of Vallès Oriental.

</doc>
<doc id="9649197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649197" title="North Highland">
North Highland

North Highland is a global, employee-owned management consulting firm established in 1992 and a founding member of Cordence Worldwide. The firm is active in a number of industries, including: Energy & Utilities, Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Media, Entertainment & Communications, Public Sector, Retail & Consumer Products, and Transportation. 
North Highland ranks third on Consulting Magazine's 2013 Best Firms to Work For list, and it has been in the top four firms since 2006.
Specialty Services.
In addition to core management consulting, North Highland offers specialty services via its Enfathom, Managed Services, and Sparks Grove divisions, as well as TrueBridge Resources.
Cordence Worldwide.
North Highland is part of Cordence Worldwide, a global management consulting alliance with over 2,600 consultants in 50 offices around the world.
Cordence Worldwide offers global coverage with eight principal offices in the USA, Europe and Australia and an International Fortune 500 client base. Cordence Worldwide was founded by North Highland, Horvath & Partners and Oresys. Other member companies include Bonfiglioli, Twynsta Gudde and Alfa Consulting.
Key office locations include:

</doc>
<doc id="9649201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649201" title="Azizi">
Azizi

Azizi () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649205" title="Tripwire (novel)">
Tripwire (novel)

Tripwire is the third book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 1999 by Putnam in America and Bantam in the United Kingdom. It is written in the third person.
Plot summary.
The prologue describes Victor Truman "Hook" Hobie's carefully planned escape route in the event of somebody discovering his really big, well-guarded secret. His "early-warning system" consists of geographically-located "tripwires". The first tripwire is eleven thousand miles from home and the second tripwire is six thousand miles out. His response to their activation would be to tie up loose ends, cash in, transfer assets and flee the country. Over 30 years of quiet success have made him feel somewhat secure. But then the two tripwire alerts arrive on the same day.
The main story begins with Jack Reacher working two jobs in Key West and bumping into a private detective who happens to be searching for Jack. Costello is working for a client named Mrs. Jacob, a name Reacher does not recognise. Later on, whilst Reacher is working his night job as a bouncer in a strip club, two very suspicious-looking men also make inquiries about his location. Reacher attempts to follow them but instead finds Costello murdered on the sidewalk. Jack then flies to New York to find out why Costello was looking for Reacher and why he was killed for it.
Reacher arrives in New York searching for information on Costello and Mrs. Jacob and discovers that the dead detective's office has already been searched. Reacher gets the contact information for Mrs. Jacob and arrives in the midst of a funeral for his old mentor and friend, Leon Garber. His daughter, Jodie Garber-Jacob is revealed to be the mysterious, divorced Mrs. Jacob.
Reacher and Jodie follow Costello's trail, uncovering information on her father's last project, an investigation for the elderly Hobie parents on their missing-in-action (MIA) military son, Victor Truman Hobie. The poor and elderly parents had given their life savings to a con man and gun runner named Rutter, who poses as a fake military liaison to families of MIA soldiers. All this mucking around instigates a response from Hobie. Reacher realises he has to protect Jodie from Costello's killers as well as other unknown hostiles. Reacher forces Rutter to refund the Hobies' money. The investigation takes them to the National Personnel Records Center in St. Louis, MO and to the military Central Identification Laboratory in Hawaii, a special facility that handles forensic remains of soldiers. They discover Hobie volunteered for the Vietnam War and was a skilled pilot of a helicopter that went down. However, the truth that Hook Hobie is not who he says he is comes out, and it turns out that Hobie was actually a soldier named Carl Allen who stole Victor Hobie's identity after he died in the crash. The helicopter had been sent with a crew to arrest Allen for fragging his commanding officer. Allen swapped dogtags with Hobie's body to sow confusion during his escape of the burning helicopter wreckage. The crash and escape leave him with horrible burns on half his face and an arm sliced in half below the elbow. His prosthesis, a metal hook, is the basis for his new nickname.
During and after the war, Allen gathered a fortune arranging illegal deals and moneylending, first as a street lender then as a corporate "last-resort" lender for companies financially rejected by banks, a "high-end loan shark". His business method is the same, however, whether in a dark alley or a corporate boardroom, terrorising clients with torture and killing of family members if they default. The reason Allen didn't liquidate and run when his tripwires were triggered is because he has been plotting a takeover of a multi-million-dollar company owned by Chester and Marilyn Stone. Hobie kidnaps and tortures them to speed up the process, blackmailing them to sign over all the shares.
Jodie is the financial attorney assigned to handle the Stone company transaction and ends up captured with Chester and Marilyn. Allen forces Jodie to call Reacher and summon him to Allen's offices. In the ensuing bloody mayhem Reacher sustains a bullet wound to the chest that should have killed him. A doctor explains that, due to the arduous physical labour he has done digging pools along with a high-protein diet, his pectoral muscle was so thick the bullet did not make it past his rib cage. Reacher is then visited (while convalescing) by the real Victor Hobie's parents to thank him for restoring their son's good name.
Production.
Lee Child began writing "Tripwire" in spring 1997. The book was published on 15 June 1999 in the United Kingdom and the American publication followed on 28 June of the same year.
The reasoning for the opening of the book taking place in Key West was a vacation Child spent there in 1996.
The provisional title for "Tripwire" was "The Hook", but that name was scrapped as Putnam believed the title was not "punchy" enough. Putnam also believed "The Hook" would remind people too much of Peter Pan.
Reception.
"Tripwire" received positive reviews from critics, with "The Orlando Sentinel" calling it "a thriller good to the last drop" and "The Arizona Daily Star" saying "Lee Child can write. "[...]" Child grabs hold with the first page and won't let go until the finish. This is pulse-pounding suspense, and Child hardly misses a beat." The book was also praised by fellow authors, with Michael Connelly saying "It's a tightly-drawn and swift thriller that gives new meaning to what a page-turner should be." Stephen White also commented, calling "Tripwire" a "stylish thriller."

</doc>
<doc id="9649221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649221" title="Teymourian">
Teymourian

Teymourian is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9649230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649230" title="2007 Lunar New Year Cup">
2007 Lunar New Year Cup

The 2007 Lunar New Year Cup ("formerly known as the Carlsberg Cup") was a football tournament held in Hong Kong on the first and fourth day of the Chinese New Year of the Pig (18 February and 21 February 2007).
Squads.
Hong Kong League XI.
Note: * Ivan Jević replaced Jaimes Mckee of HKFC who withdrew from the squad due to injury.
Results.
"All times given in Hong Kong Time (UTC+8)."
Top scorers.
2 goals
1 goal

</doc>
<doc id="9649236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649236" title="Lead(IV) sulfide">
Lead(IV) sulfide

Lead(IV) sulfide is a chemical compound with the formula PbS2. This material is generated by the reaction of the more common lead(II) sulfide, PbS, with sulfur at >600 °C and at high pressures. PbS2, like the related tin(IV) sulfide SnS2, crystallises in the cadmium iodide motif, which indicates that Pb should be assigned the formal oxidation state of 4+.
Lead(IV) sulfide is a p-type semiconductor, and is also a thermoelectric material.

</doc>
<doc id="9649248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649248" title="Merrimack Trail">
Merrimack Trail

Merrimack Trail is the local name for State Route 143 as it passes through portions of York County and James City County and the independent city of Williamsburg in the Virginia Peninsula subregion of Hampton Roads in Virginia.
History.
With the Restoration and additional tourism traffic generated by Colonial Williamsburg beginning in the late 1920s, Merrimack Trail was built in the early 1930s to supplement U.S. Route 60 as part the State Route 168 project which extended all the way east to North Carolina. 
The Merrimack Trail portion of VA-168 extended on the Virginia Peninsula from Anderson Corner near Toano to a crossing of Hampton Roads to South Hampton Roads by ferry, prior to the opening of the Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel on November 1, 1957. The ferry, which connected to Norfolk at the end of 99th Street at Pine Beach, charged a toll of automobile and driver, $1 and $1.25 for each additional passenger. 
The name originated because the road lead to a ferry landing in Newport News was located near the historic location of the Battle of Hampton Roads between the ironclad warships in March 1862 during the American Civil War. The Confederate ironclad C.S.S. "Virginia" had been built from the hull of the U.S.S. "Merrimack", partially burned by Union troops evacuating the Norfolk Naval Shipyard the previous year.
In the 1960s, as the new Interstate 64 was completed, major portions of VA-168 west of Old Point Comfort were redesignated as State Route 143.

</doc>
<doc id="9649252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649252" title="Imazato Station">
Imazato Station


</doc>
<doc id="9649275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649275" title="Salvatore R. Martoche">
Salvatore R. Martoche

Salvatore Richard Martoche (born October 12, 1940) is an American lawyer and retired NYS Supreme Court, Appellate Division judge.
Martoche was born in Buffalo, New York. He received his Bachelor of Science from Canisius College in 1962 and his J.D. from the University of North Dakota School of Law in 1967. He was a public defender before going into private practice from 1969 to 1982. He served as assistant counsel to the majority for the New York State Senate from 1974 to 1982 and administrator for the Erie County Bar Association of the Pre-Trial Services Agency, Inc. from 1972 to 1981.
Martoche was US Attorney for the Western District of New York from 1982 to 1986, and was a member of the Attorney General's Advisory Committee from 1983 to 1986, serving as vice chairman in 1984 and chairman in 1985.
He was Assistant Secretary of Labor (Enforcement) under President Ronald Reagan from May 1986 to 1988. On April 19, 1988, President Bush announced his intention to nominate Martoche to be a member of the National Mediation Board for the term expiring July 1, 1991. From 1988 to 1990, he served as an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, overseeing law enforcement operations under President Reagan and President George H. W. Bush. Before leaving federal service, Martoche was a key official involved in the response to the savings and loan crisis, serving as the acting director of the Office of Thrift Supervision. 
In the 1990s, Martoche was in private practice in Buffalo and served as one of six commissioners of the state Commission of Investigation, which investigates organized crime and public corruption statewide. 
Martoche has been a New York State Supreme Court justice since January 2000. He was designated to serve on the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division Fourth Department on May 3, 2004 by Governor George Pataki. 
Hide in Plain Sight (1980 movie) starring James Caan, is based on one of Martoche's cases. He is credited with reforms in the United States Federal Witness Protection Program.
In August 2013 Judge Martoche retired from the bench and joined a Buffalo law firm as head of its Alternative dispute resolution practice group.

</doc>
<doc id="9649277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649277" title="Arthur Hayday">
Arthur Hayday

Arthur Hayday (24 October 1869, London – 28 February 1956) was an English Labour Party politician. 
After learning his trade as a chemical trimmer and stoker, Hayday became involved in the National Union of General Workers, of which he was an official for many years. He served as President of the Trades Union Congress from 1930 to 1931.
In December 1918, Hayday was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Nottingham West. Despite a large majority, he lost his seat in a notable loss for Labour in the 1931 general election. In November, 1935 he regained his seat. He served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Lord Privy Seal, John Robert Clynes. Hayday retired from Parliament in 1945. He appeared in the newspapers for his work on numerous occasions. 

</doc>
<doc id="9649283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649283" title="Ripoll (river)">
Ripoll (river)

The Ripoll is a river in the "comarca" of Vallès Occidental, Catalonia, Spain. It covers the vast majority of the shire, crossing it from north to south, and flows into the river Besòs, near Barcelona.
Geography.
The source of the river is located in the Serra de Granera, at 640 m of elevation, and it discharges in Montcada i Reixac, at 35.5 m. It has a length of 39.5 km, with a total of 181.5 km, once its tributaries are included. It covers the vast majority of the "comarca" of Vallès Occidental, passing through the municipalities of Sant Llorenç Savall, Castellar del Vallès, Sabadell, Barberà del Vallès, Ripollet and Montcada i Reixac. Throughout the "comarca", it crosses alluvial clay terrains, which erodes easily, causing the river to carve a deep path into the soil.
History.
Throughout its history, the river was used by the inhabitants of the surrounding area for irrigation. Irrigation has been in place from at least the mid-10th century, when priests of Sant Llorenç built an irrigation system that is still used today to work the orchards along the riverside and mills to produce flour.
As modernization also reached the area, most of the mills were reconverted to produce paper. However, by the 18th century, the production of paper had ceased to be a dominant industry along the river.
During the 19th century, the mills of the riverside were reconverted again, this time into textile factories, which lasted until the late 20th century. Due to the dyes and chemicals used in the textile industry, the water of the river became heavily polluted.
More Recently, because of the Catalonian textile crisis, most of the factories were abandoned or reconverted for other uses, lessening the strain on the river's water quality. Recently, there have been initiatives to recover the Ripoll for community recreation, by restoring the river, which had deteriorated due not only to industrial pollution but also to the shanty towns made by immigrants who came to work in the mills from Southern Spain during the 1960s.
1962 disaster.
In 1962, the Vallès Occidental suffered a period of strong floods, followed by a period of windfalls, which devastated the shire and caused hundreds of deaths. The immigrants from the southern Spain who were extremely poor had settled in the riverside were who suffered the worst consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="9649284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649284" title="Moelyci Environmental Centre">
Moelyci Environmental Centre

Moelyci Environmental Centre () is a community project based near the village of Tregarth, in the county of Gwynedd in north-west Wales. 
The Centre.
Moelyci Environmental Centre is run as an industrial and provident society (IPS). The aim of which is to establish an environmental centre devoted to local community regeneration, the promotion of co-operative community activities and to local community education. Moelyci Farm comprises of in-bye land with a farmhouse and several substantial outbuildings. To the south of the farm is a further of ffridd and of heather moorland. 
The Centre aims to run economically viable projects related to waste management, organic farming, recreation and other ecologically focused activities. There is a particular emphasis placed upon social inclusion, involving and employing the disadvantaged and people with disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="9649289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649289" title="San Babila">
San Babila

San Babila is a church in Milan, northern Italy. It was once considered the third most important in the city after the Duomo and the Basilica di Sant'Ambrogio. It is dedicated to saint Babylas of Antioch.
At the beginning of the 5th century, Marolus, the bishop of Milan, brought from Antioch to Milan relics of saints Babylas of Antioch and Romanus of Caesarea. Marolus founded the Basilica Concilia Sanctorum or church of San Romano, which stood until the 19th century a few meters south of the church of San Babila, on the site of a Roman temple dedicated to the Sun.
The church of San Babila was built on the same site in about 1095. In the 16th century, the Church was extended with an additional construction at the front and a new baroque façade.
The whole complex was renovated in the 19th century with the intent of restoring the appearance of the Medieval basilica, and in the early 20th century the Neo-Romanesque façade by Paolo Cesa-Bianchi was built. The bell tower is from 1920, and replaced the original tower which fell down in the 16th century.
The interior has a nave and two aisles. Nothing of the original edifice has remained after the restoration and reconstruction carried on in the following centuries. The two side chapels are from the Late Renaissance. The right aisle has an image of the Madonna which is highly venerated by the Milanese population.

</doc>
<doc id="9649293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649293" title="Hank Landry">
Hank Landry

Hank Landry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649298" title="If You Liked School You'll Love Work">
If You Liked School You'll Love Work

"If You Liked School You'll Love Work" is a collection of short stories from novelist Irvine Welsh. It was released in the UK on 5 July 2007, and in the U.S. on 4 September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9649307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649307" title="Harsusi language">
Harsusi language

Harsusi (also known as Hersyet, Harsi `Aforit) is a Semitic language closely related to Mehri. It is spoken by 1,000 to 2,000 Harasis in Jiddat al-Harasis, Al Wusta Governorate, Oman. Reportedly, the Harasis are increasing their use of the more dominant Mehri and are bilingual in Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="9649330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649330" title="Mike Weir">
Mike Weir

Michael Richard Weir, CM, O.Ont (born May 12, 1970) is a Canadian professional golfer on the PGA Tour. He spent over 110 weeks in the top-10 of the Official World Golf Ranking between 2001 and 2005. He is best known for winning the Masters in 2003.
Early years.
Born in Sarnia, Ontario, Weir grew up in the Sarnia suburb of Brights Grove. He learned to play golf at Huron Oaks Golf Course, and was coached there by Steve Bennett. Like many Canadian boys, his first sport was hockey; he was a natural left-handed shot, and began playing golf left-handed as a follow-on from his hockey experience. Weir was fortunate in that the son of his godfather played left-handed and had a partial set of spare clubs that he handed down to Weir—three woods and four irons. From his earnings as a caddy and pro shop worker, he purchased a left-handed wedge that he used until the grip wore out. When he was 12, he won a junior tournament in which the first prize was a complete set of irons; he replaced his original four irons with the clubs he had won. While working at Huron Oaks, he also met Jack Nicklaus at age 11, when the golf legend came to the club to play an exhibition. This meeting set the stage for a pivotal moment in Weir's career.
Weir gave up hockey in his early teenage years when he realized he would not grow past average size and that golf was his best sport. However, he had received advice that he might be an even better golfer if he switched to playing right-handed. In 1984, Weir decided to write Nicklaus for advice as to whether to make the switch. Nicklaus quickly wrote back and told Weir,"If you are a good player left-handed, don't change anything—especially if that feels natural to you."
He never thought of switching to right-handed play again, and still keeps the letter, now framed, in his home.
He attended St. Michael Elementary School in Brights Grove and St. Clair Secondary School in Sarnia, winning the Ontario Junior Championship in 1988. He is a graduate of Brigham Young University (majoring in Recreation Management), and won the Ontario Amateur Championship in 1990 and 1992. He tied for 2nd at the 1991 Canadian Amateur Championship, and finished clear second in that event in 1992. He was an All-American selection at BYU in 1992 on the Second Team.
Professional career.
He turned professional in 1992, and started on the Canadian Professional Golf Tour, where he won three events. He also played some events on the Asian PGA Tour early in his career. He first reached the PGA Tour in 1998, but lost his playing privileges, due to insufficient performance. He had to requalify, and did so by being medalist at the final Qualifying School tournament.
Weir's first PGA Tour win came at the 1999 Air Canada Championship in Surrey, British Columbia. The victory made him the first Canadian to win a PGA Tour event in Canada in 45 years.
Weir began the 2003 season in impressive fashion, winning two tournaments on the West Coast Swing. He first won the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic in Palm Springs, California, and then followed with a win at Riviera Country Club near Los Angeles, at the Nissan Open.
In April, Weir won the prestigious 2003 Masters Tournament at Augusta, Georgia, one of the four major championships. He is the first Canadian male ever to win a professional major championship (Sandy Somerville and Gary Cowan each won the U.S. Amateur when it was considered a major tournament). When he won The Masters, Weir became only the second left-handed golfer to win any of the four majors, the other being Bob Charles, who won the British Open forty years earlier. Weir is a right-hander who plays golf left-handed, a trait he shares with fellow PGA Tour pro and major champion Phil Mickelson.
In June, Weir tied for third at the U.S. Open, the second of the majors, which moved him to third in the Official World Golf Ranking, his highest ranking. For his outstanding play in 2003, Weir won the Lou Marsh Trophy for outstanding Canadian athlete of the year. He maintained his position in the world's top ten ranking into 2004.
In February 2004, Weir joined the ranks of a select few players including Ben Hogan to win consecutive championships at the Nissan Open, becoming the sixth player in Nissan Open history to notch back-to-back wins, and the first since Corey Pavin (1994, 1995). He was the 20th player to post multiple wins at the Nissan Open.
Weir went more than three-and-a-half years after his second win at the Nissan Open before his next win on tour. Working with Mike Bennett and Andy Plummer on a new swing showed some positive results (two top tens, including a tie for eighth at the Open Championship). While working on the swing changes, he had dipped in the world rankings to a point that he did not automatically qualify for the Presidents Cup matches in 2007, held at the Royal Montreal Golf Club. He got to play in the tournament he helped bring to Canada because he was picked by International team captain Gary Player as one of his discretionary selections. This turned out to be an inspired choice as Weir went on to beat current number one Tiger Woods in a heated match, despite his team losing the Cup. When asked, Weir enthusiastically stated, ""When I look back on my career, this may be even more special than winning the Masters.""
His swing changes, coupled with the momentum from his Presidents Cup performance, culminated in his first win in over three years at the Fry's Electronics Open in October 2007. This victory in Arizona tied Weir with George Knudson for most PGA Tour wins by a Canadian, with eight.
"Golf Digest" magazine of March 2010 reported that Weir had returned to work with instructor Mike Wilson, who was his coach during his most successful period in the early 2000s. Weir was going away from the 'stack-and-tilt' method and working on reclaiming his swing as developed with Wilson. On October 2010 Weir said he was planning to rely less on swing coach Mike Wilson, since he thought he did not need a teacher but "a set of eyes, whether it's Mike or someone else". "I'm taking ownership of what I'm trying to accomplish when I make a swing ... I feel like I don't need anybody to tell me what to do. I know what I need to do," added Weir. On July 2011, Weir rehired 'stack and tilt' creators Mike Bennett and Andy Plummer.
Weir's 2010 season ended early with a torn ligament on his right elbow. He began 2011 on a major medical exemption, which means he would have to earn the difference between his 2010 earning and $786,977 (equivalent to Troy Merritt, who finished with the 125th and final exempt spot on the Tour) in five starts to retain full Tour status. Otherwise, he could use one of two special exemptions he holds because of career earnings to play the PGA Tour in 2011, but that is something he hoped to avoid doing. Weir had trouble making cuts and did not finish high enough to retain significant status on the Tour, being demoted to the Past Champions category, the lowest in the PGA Tour exemption priority ranking.
After an injury plagued 2010 and 2011 seasons, Weir began his 2012 season at the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am after six months out of the game recovering from elbow surgery. As Weir did not have full status on the PGA Tour, he activated his European Tour membership for 2012, which came after he won the Masters in 2003. He missed the cut at the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, finishing at +6. He missed his next two cuts on the PGA Tour following Pebble Beach but made the weekend on the European Tour in the Open de Andalucia. Weir used a special exemption reserved for the top 25 on the career PGA Tour money list to regain his PGA Tour playing privileges for 2013. 
Playing on a top 50 career money list exemption for 2014, Weir nearly earned his first win in seven years at the Byron Nelson Championship, but finished two strokes behind Brendon Todd for his first top ten since 2010. The runner-up finish was Weir's best result since his last win in 2007. The result elevated Weir over 350 places in the world rankings up to 238th.
Personal life, honours.
Weir currently lives in Sandy, Utah, with his wife Bricia and their two daughters. Weir's home course used to be the Taboo Resort in Gravenhurst, Ontario, until the course dropped his name in 2008.
In June 2007, it was announced that Weir would be appointed a Member of the Order of Canada. He was appointed to the Order of Ontario in 2003.
Creekside Estate Winery, near Lincoln, Ontario, began producing wine for Weir in 2005, and as of 2007 had released a Merlot, Chardonnay, Sauvignon blanc, Cabernet-Merlot, Cabernet-Shiraz and Icewine. His Icewine Vidal was named by Travel and Leisure Golf magazine as one of its top five golf-related wines. Weir announced plans to open his own winery in the summer of 2008.
On December 17, 2007, The Thomson Corporation (now Thomson Reuters) announced it will be the lead corporate sponsor for Weir for a five-year term beginning in January 2008, replacing Bell Canada.
Weir's caddy, from 1999 to 2010, was fellow Ontarian Brennan Little. In January 2011, Weir hired veteran caddy Pete Bender.
In 2010, Weir was selected as #12 on a list of Canada's 100 Greatest Athletes of All Time.
A park in Brights Grove, Ontario is named for Weir, located at .
Professional wins (15).
PGA Tour wins (8).
PGA Tour playoff record (3–2)
Major championships.
Wins (1).
1 Defeated Len Mattiace in sudden death playoff on the first hole.
Results timeline.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the halfway cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.
World Golf Championships.
Results timeline.
1Cancelled due to 9/11<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
QF, R16, R32, R64 = Round in which player lost in match play<br>
"T" = Tied<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
NT = No tournament<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.<br>
Note that the HSBC Champions did not become a WGC event until 2009.
PGA Tour career summary.
"*As of the 2013 season."
Summary of PGA Tour performances.
"* Complete through the 2013 season"
Team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="9649364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649364" title="Zygote (album)">
Zygote (album)

Zygote is the debut studio album by musician John Popper of the American jam band Blues Traveler. Produced by Terry Manning, it was released on September 7, 1999, less than a month after Popper lost a good friend and fellow bandmember, Bobby Sheehan. Accompanying Popper on this album is Carter Beauford (of the Dave Matthews Band) on drums, and Crugie Riccio on guitar, Rob Clores, and Dave Ares (all of Cycomotogoat).

</doc>
<doc id="9649365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649365" title="Stochastic oscillator">
Stochastic oscillator

In technical analysis of securities trading, the stochastic oscillator is a momentum indicator that uses support and resistance levels. Dr. George Lane promoted this indicator in the 1950s. The term "stochastic" refers to the location of a current price in relation to its price range over a period of time. This method attempts to predict price turning points by comparing the closing price of a security to its price range.
The indicator is defined as follows:
There is only one valid signal in working with %D alone — a divergence between %D and the analyzed security.
Definition.
The calculation above finds the range between an asset’s high and low price during a given period of time. The current security's price is then expressed as a percentage of this range with 0% indicating the bottom of the range and 100% indicating the upper limits of the range over the time period covered. The idea behind this indicator is that prices tend to close near the extremes of the recent range before turning points. The Stochastic oscillator is calculated:
A 3-line Stochastics will give an anticipatory signal in %K, a signal in the turnaround of %D at or before a bottom, and a confirmation of the turnaround in %D-Slow. Typical values for "N" are 5, 9, or 14 periods. Smoothing the indicator over 3 periods is standard.
Dr. George Lane, a financial analyst, is one of the first to publish on the use of stochastic oscillators to forecast prices. According to Lane, the Stochastics indicator is to be used with cycles, Elliot Wave Theory and Fibonacci retracement for timing. In low margin, calendar futures spreads, one might use Wilders parabolic as a trailing stop after a stochastics entry. A centerpiece of his teaching is the divergence and convergence of trendlines drawn on stochastics, as diverging/converging to trendlines drawn on price cycles. Stochastics predicts tops and bottoms.
Interpretation.
The signal to act is when there is a divergence-convergence, in an extreme area, with a crossover on the right hand side, of a cycle bottom. As plain crossovers can occur frequently, one typically waits for crossovers occurring together with an extreme pullback, after a peak or trough in the %D line. If price volatility is high, an exponential moving average of the %D indicator may be taken, which tends to smooth out rapid fluctuations in price.
Stochastics attempts to predict turning points by comparing the closing price of a security to its price range. Prices tend to close near the extremes of the recent range just before turning points. In the case of an uptrend, prices tend to make higher highs, and the settlement price usually tends to be in the upper end of that time period's trading range. When the momentum starts to slow, the settlement prices will start to retreat from the upper boundaries of the range, causing the stochastic indicator to turn down at or before the final price high.
An alert or set-up is present when the %D line is in an extreme area and diverging from the price action. The actual signal takes place when the faster % K line crosses the % D line.
Divergence-convergence is an indication that the momentum in the market is waning and a reversal may be in the making. The chart below illustrates an example of where a divergence in stochastics, relative to price, forecasts a reversal in the price's direction.
An event known as "stochastic pop" occurs when prices break out and keep going. This is interpreted as a signal to increase the current position, or liquidate if the direction is against the current position.

</doc>
<doc id="9649389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649389" title="Bhukhredi">
Bhukhredi

Bhukaredi is a village in Ratangarh tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan. This village was founded by Bhukar gotra Jats.
History.
A group of Chahuman descendents came to Sambhar in 9th century. The newly formed Chauhans forced them to move away from this area. Earlier Bhukars and Chauhans were same prior to their consecration of new Hindu religion at Mount Abu. Bhukar people came to Sambhar under the leadership of two brothers Khem Singh and Som Singh. Khem Singh founded the town named 'Hiras' and started increasing his influence in the area. Som Singh went to Jangladesh and founded town named 'Bhukaredi'. After some time they left the village Bhukaredi and moved to village Gothra (Bhukaran) in Sikar district. Presently there is no Bhukar in village Bhukaredi. After many generations some of these people moved towards Panipat in Haryana.
Demography.
The main caste living in the village is Jats. The Jat gotras in Bhukhredi with number of families are Siyak (50), Bhamu (30), Mahla (30), Fandan (20), Dahiya (10), Karwasra (8), Chilka (5), Barjati (2), Dhayal (2), Punia (1).
Other castes living in this village with number of families are Brahman (50), Rajput-Rathor (20), Balai (50), Naik (15), Swami (10), Maniar (4).
Cause of Leaving Village By Bhukhar's:- Relation between Bhukhar's and Sihag's are " Mama & Bhanja ". One day some women's gathered on well for taking water. Some dispute arose between Sihag & Bhukhar women about taking water from the well first in turn. Bhukhar women told this fact to their husbands which led to a dispute and then Bhukhars decided to leave this village and said they would never drink water of this village. After that they moved to village Gothra (Bhukaran) in Sikar district in Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="9649414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649414" title="Jonathan Akpoborie">
Jonathan Akpoborie

Jonathan Akpoborie (born 20 October 1968) is a former Nigerian football player who spent the majority of his playing career in Germany.
Career.
Akpoborie started his professional career at Julius Berger, before moving to USA. In 1990 he joined 1. FC Saarbrücken of German 2. Bundesliga. Akpoborie also had spells with FC Carl Zeiss Jena, Stuttgart Kickers, for whom he scored 37 goals in one season, and Waldhof Mannheim, before finally joining top-flight F.C. Hansa Rostock in 1995. After spending two years at Hansa, the player moved to their Bundesliga rivals VfB Stuttgart and then VfL Wolfsburg in 1999.
Akpoborie finished his playing career at Saarbrücken in 2002.
International career.
Akpoborie was part of the Nigeria team that won the first edition of the FIFA U-16 Championship in 1985, scoring in the final against the then West Germany. Two years later, he featured for the Flying Eagles at the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship in Chile.
At the senior level, he was selected for the 1992 and 2000 Africa Cup of Nations where he won bronze and silver respectively. His first senior cap was in a 1992 Africa Cup of Nations Third-place match against Cameroon, which the Super Eagles won. He scored his first goal for the Super Eagles against Mexico at the 1995 U.S. Cup on 24 June 1995. He got his second goal – a 48th minute equalizer – in a 1–1 draw with Kenya in a 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification match on 12 January 1997. 
Akpoborie was surprisingly dropped from Nigeria's squad for 1998 FIFA World Cup by Bora Milutinović, in spite of the fact that he played in five of the six 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and was the joint second top scorer in the 1997-98 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup tournament. He was also one of the two Nigerian footballers to play in a European Cup final that year, the other being Inter Milan defender Taribo West, who was red-carded in the 1998 UEFA Cup Final, less than a month to the World Cup in France. 
In 1999, Dutch manager Thijs Libregts recalled him to the national side in a 2000 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifier against Senegal. The game ended in a 1–1 draw, with Akpoborie scoring his third international goal. Nigeria did not play any qualifier after the game as they qualified as hosts of the 2000 AFCON after to Zimbabwe – the originally designated host – failed to get a guarantee from the government.
Akpoborie featured in a number of games ahead of the 2002 FIFA World Cup. In the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification – CAF First Round, he scored his fourth goal in Nigeria's 4–0 win over Eritrea in Lagos.
Slave ship allegations.
In 2001, Akpoborie made the headlines when a boat, managed by his family, was stopped in Benin after allegations that it was carrying children into slavery in Gabon. The incident led to Akpoborie's suspension from the Wolfsburg team and eventually, after a brief sojourn at Saarbrücken, to his retirement. The story of the ship, her passengers and her owner has been covered by the documentary "Das Schiff des Torjägers" ("The Goalgetter's Ship") by Swiss director Heidi Specogna.
Personal.
Akpoborie now resides in Lagos. He works with Supersport on billingsway Oregun Lagos and as player agent for Rogon Sports Management.

</doc>
<doc id="9649418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649418" title="Latter Day Saint poetry">
Latter Day Saint poetry

LDS poetry (or Mormon poetry) is poetry written by members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints about spiritual topics or themes. Latter-day Saints have composed religious poetry since the Church's beginnings in the early 19th century. For Latter-day Saints, poetry is a form of art that can bring the Holy Spirit to the presented message. For example the Elder's Journal, published at Far West in 1838 and edited by Joseph and Don Carlos Smith, contained a beautiful poetic tribute to James G. Marsh. More recently poetry has been seen in Mormon General Conference talks given by Apostles of the church. For example, in 1972 as part of his address, Elder Bruce R. McConkie read his poem, "I Believe In Christ" which later became a much-loved LDS hymn. Many years later, Elder Boyd K. Packer shared his faith about the cleansing power of Jesus in his poem "Washed Clean" as part of his April Conference talk. While those examples are of personally composed pieces, poetry from many authors is often used in General Conference messages. In fact, the current President of the Church, Thomas S. Monson, is an avid lover of poetry and has often referenced it in his own talks.
' (1989) edited by Eugene England and Dennis Clark and ' (2011) edited by Tyler Chadwick are the preeminent collections of Mormon poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="9649441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649441" title="Edgard–Reserve Ferry">
Edgard–Reserve Ferry

The Reserve-Edgard Ferry is a ferry across the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Louisiana, connecting Reserve and Edgard.

</doc>
<doc id="9649446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649446" title="List of compositions by Guillaume de Machaut">
List of compositions by Guillaume de Machaut

This article presents a complete list of the musical works of Guillaume de Machaut. Works are organized by genre. The numbering scheme, from the classic edition of Machaut's works by Leo Schrade, does not represent chronology, since few of Machaut's works can be reliably dated. 
Since many titles are merely the first lines of the texts used, in different sources individual pieces may be referred to by slightly different titles. For example, R20 is known both as "Douce dame" and "Douce dame tant qui vivray". Furthermore, some of Machaut's works (most notably the motets) employ simultaneous performance of several different texts. In such cases, the title of the work lists all texts used, starting from the top voice.
Machaut was the first composer to concentrate on self-anthologization of his works, supervising the creation of three complete-works manuscripts during his life. In the last manuscript, written c. 1370, the scribe wrote "Vesci l'ordinance que G. de Machau wet qu'il ait en son livre"—"Here is the order that G. de Machaut wants his book to have."
Alternate cataloging.
The works from "Le Remède de Fortune" have presented a problem for modern-day collections, as they appeared in the manuscript in the poem, not with other works of its genre. Thus, occasionally "Le Remède de Fortune" works are given their own category and catalogued according to the order of their appearance:

</doc>
<doc id="9649483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649483" title="Baltimore Hotel">
Baltimore Hotel

Baltimore Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649494" title="Camel archer">
Camel archer

Camel archers are marksmen wielding bows mounted on camels. They took their popularity in the Crusades, used in Arabia, Asian and Eurasian countries. Saladin, the leader of Arabia from 1174 to 1193, was known, or rather believed to use camels as a substitute for other ways of transport, such as the more common horse. Also, Darius III of Persia who ruled from 336 BC to 330 BC was known to counter Alexander the Great's attacks with camel mounted warriors. Although camel archers can be looked into deeply enough, many regions of the world who did have access to camels preferred to use the generally swifter and stronger horse archer.

</doc>
<doc id="9649515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649515" title="Leppävaara railway station">
Leppävaara railway station

Leppävaara railway station (, ) is a station on the VR commuter rail network located in Leppävaara, a district of the city of Espoo in Finland. It is located about to the northwest/west of Helsinki Central railway station.
History.
The Leppävaara stop was built in 1903 and the previous station building was built in 1907. The greatest change occurred in autumn 1999 when the station building was torn down to build a new railroad track in Leppävaara and a new terminal.
The Sello shopping centre has brought more traffic to the station, the latter part having been completed in autumn 2005. The shopping centre is located right next to the Leppävaara station.
Connections.
All local trains to Karis, Kirkkonummi and Espoon keskus stop at Leppävaara. The construction of the new track caused part of the train schedules and stops to be rearranged, and introduced the A train, stopping at all stations.

</doc>
<doc id="9649521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649521" title="Keep Each Other Warm">
Keep Each Other Warm

"Keep Each Other Warm" is a 1986 single by Bucks Fizz. 
The song peaked at No.45 in the UK in December 1986. It was the fifth and final single from their "Writing on the Wall" album, which was released at the same time. It also received positive reviews in the music press with "Number One magazine" stating; “Their best effort yet with the new line-up, but set beside the sheer genius of say “The Land of Make Believe”, it doesn't really cut the cake”, while "Smash Hits" predicted; “Bucks Fizz will find themselves back with a very welcome hit”. Like many other Bucks Fizz singles, "Keep Each Other Warm" was produced by Andy Hill and also co-written by him with Pete Sinfield.
The B-side was a song called "Give a Little Love", which went on to become a top 20 hit by Aswad two years later.
In 1989, "Keep Each Other Warm" was covered by Barry Manilow and released on his self-titled album. Manilow's version was released as a single, reaching No.7 on the U.S. Billboard Adult contemporary chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9649523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649523" title="Chapelco">
Chapelco

Chapelco, or Cerro Chapelco, is a mountain and massif in Neuquén Province, south-western Argentina. The ski station of the same name is located from the resort town of San Martín de los Andes. 
Designed by Federico Graeff and established in 1946, Chapelco became an increasingly popular tourist destination after 1970. The station maintains a ski and snowboard school with 200 instructors for all ages as well as numerous lodges, the most important of which is the Graeff Lodge; eight restaurants; a ski and snowboard rental and repair center; boutiques and cybercafés; and emergency and other basic services. The station is accessible via National Route 234 from San Martín de los Andes, and via a two-hour flight from Jorge Newbery Airport in Buenos Aires to the Gaspar Campos Chapelco Airport. 

</doc>
