<doc id="9794562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794562" title="Deaths in February 2007">
Deaths in February 2007

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of notable deaths in February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9794598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794598" title="Eagle III">
Eagle III

Eagle III is an emergency air and ground transportation program operated by County Rescue Services, in partnership with Bellin Hospital, and St. Vincient Hospital, all in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Services are provided via ground ambulance, helicopter, turboprop or jet aircraft to and from medical facilities or accident scenes.
The Eagle III rescue helicopter service performs an average of 400 transports a year
Objectives.
The primary mission for Eagle III is emergency air medical services to include scene flights and transport of critically ill or injured patients to facilities with specialized or greater levels of care. In addition to this, Eagle III also provides air support to local law enforcement agencies upon request due to its prime location and ability to rapidly deploy aircraft. Eagle III also flies support missions for the U.S. Secret Service during presidential visits.
Aircraft.
Eagle III’s primary aircraft is a Eurocopter EC 135 (N135CR) with a Bell 206 (N396JS) serving as secondary. In the past the Eagle III program has operated a Bell 407 (N407CR) which has been retired, and a Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm Bo 105 (N202LF) which was lost in an accident on April 13, 2006. That was the first accident for County Rescue's air ambulance service. The program began in May 1998 with the purchase of the $1.8 million Bell 407 aircraft and construction of a $200,000 hangar and helipad at the Bellevue headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="9794603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794603" title="Antyradio">
Antyradio

Antyradio - a Polish radio network broadcasting all genres of rock music. The current owner of the network is Eurozet.
Antyradio started broadcasting on 1 June 2005.
Programming

</doc>
<doc id="9794609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794609" title="Push the Button (Teapacks song)">
Push the Button (Teapacks song)

"Push the Button" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English, French and Hebrew by Teapacks. This song was the first Israeli entry to feature lyrics in French, and thus the first to feature lyrics in any language but Hebrew and English. The entry won that representation by an absolute majority, winning the 20% televote, 20% SMS vote, 20% pre-vote and the 40% jury vote. Teapacks had been selected as the Israeli representative by the Israel Broadcasting Authority and invited to perform four songs at the national final to determine which one would be performed in Helsinki.
Style and Lyrics.
The song is an up-tempo number, featuring many changes in tempo and style. Lead singer Kobi Oz begins by singing in English over a steady accordion beat, explaining that "The world is full of terror" and singing about the risk posed by "some crazy rulers" who are bent on destruction. At this point, the song moves to the chorus, featuring a guitar riff and the repeated phrase "They're gonna push the button".
The second verse begins in a similar style to the first, with the exception that the lyrics are delivered in French. Oz sings that there is "too much violence" due to the fanatics he described earlier. The accordion beat is then replaced once again as Oz switches back to English to sing that he does not want to die and that "I wanna see the flowers bloom/Don't wanna go kaput kaboom" in a more dramatic manner. The chorus (complete with guitar riff) is then repeated (with "He's gonna..." instead of "They're gonna...").
Following the chorus, the song changes tempo entirely, as Oz begins to rap in Hebrew. He expands on his earlier description of the risk of fanaticism, describing a nightmarish situation in which nobody else seems aware of, or concerned about, what is happening. The tempo then switches back to the steady beat of the earlier verses, but with Oz still singing in Hebrew describing the people in his situation as "pawns". He switches further to his dramatic vocals, wondering if perhaps the song is altogether "too sharp", and suggesting that "We should sing palm tree songs, desert songs with no flags", referring to an older, romantic (and apolitical) style of Israeli song. The next line -- "Ani od khay, khay, khay" ("I'm still alive, alive, alive") -- is a direct quote of the hook from Israel's upbeat (and apolitical) second-place-winning 1983 Eurovision entry, "Khay". But this quote, exuberant and triumphant in Khay, here is (perhaps slyly) repurposed as just part of the nervous narrator's thought-- "I'm still alive, alive, alive" it begins, then concludes (no longer apolitical), "And if the situation remains as frightening as it has been, only then I will say / I'm gonna push the button" (i.e. ""I'm" gonna push the button" in the final chorus, a response to ""They're" gonna push the button" (in the first chorus) and ""He's" gonna push the button" (in the second chorus) ).
The politically charged lyrical content caused some controversy. While the message of the song is unclear, some suggest that the song is a reflection of the anxiety of some Israelis about the threat of nuclear war with Iran. This interpretation assumes that the lyrics "He's gonna push the button" refer to the Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Despite earlier statements that it had an inappropriate message and might be banned from the 2007 contest, Eurovision Song Contest organizers approved the Israeli entry. The song (and the controversy) was reported in BBC News due to its content.
As Israel had not finished the previous Contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed second (following Bulgaria's Elitsa Todorova and Stoyan Yankoulov with "Water" and preceding Cyprus' Evridiki with "Comme Ci, Comme Ça". At the close of voting, it had received 17 points, placing 24th in a field of 28 and thus missing out on qualification for the final and requiring Israel to qualify through the semi-final at the next Contest.

</doc>
<doc id="9794613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794613" title="Rolf Birger Pedersen">
Rolf Birger Pedersen

Rolf Birger "Pesen" Pedersen (23 September 1939 - 22 March 2001) was a Norwegian footballer and football coach. He grew up near Brann Stadion, and later became one of Brann's most legendary players. He was also capped 15 times for the Norwegian national football team, scoring 5 goals.
Pesen was a creative and goalscoring midfielder, and is considered by many to be Brann's best player in their championship-seasons 1962 and 1963. Pedersen was particularly known for his remarkably hard shots. It is told that he once shot a goalkeeper into the goal, and he shot a keeper so hard that he fainted. He never reached the same level in the following seasons, possibly losing his motivation after being so successful in his younger years. Nevertheless, his track record in Brann is impressive, with 335 matches and a record high 245 goals in the red jersey.
After his retirement in 1972, Pesen continued his football life as head coach in many of the Bergen-based clubs in the lower divisions. Later he held many different positions in his old club Brann, culminating in his run as chairman of the club. In the late 1990s he was made responsible for Brann Stadion.
In 2000 Pesen was diagnosed with cancer, and for a while it looked like he would pull through, but he had a fallback, and died on 22 March 2001 at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="9794614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794614" title="SBE Entertainment Group">
SBE Entertainment Group

Founded in 2002, SBE is a leading hospitality, real estate and entertainment company.Led by Chairman and CEO Sam Nazarian, sbe has established a large collection of award-winning hospitality and lifestyle destinations, developed and managed through its Hotels, Restaurants, Nightlife and Real Estate groups.
sbe's exclusive partners include designer Philippe Starck, photographer Matthew Rolston, and chefs José Andrés, Katsuya Uechi and Danny Elmaleh. Each one has had the ability to influence the sbe Hospitality Collection and further reinforced sbe's commitment to curating an interesting culture for guests and employees.
Following commercial success, sbe is set to expand many of its flagship hotel, restaurant and nightlife brands into the Las Vegas, New York City, and Miami markets.
sbe Hospitality Brands.
sbe owns several Los Angeles nightclubs and lounges:"Create", "Greystone Manor", "Emerson", "Hyde", "XIV", "Colony", "Eden", "MyHouse", "MyStudio" and "The Abbey". The group owns each club outright without other investors. These venues continue to see a high level of popularity and celebrity patronage, as well as being frequently visited by the characters of HBO's "Entourage". sbe brand has also been featured on episodes of "The Hills".
Restaurants.
In partnerships with Philippe Starck and chefs Katsuya Uechi, José Andrés and Michael Mina has resulted in the restaurant Katsuya, with locations in Brentwood, Hollywood, Glendale, downtown Los Angeles and downtown San Diego. They have also extended their Katsuya brand to South Beach, Miami. In 2017 it is estimated that they will open 17 Katsuya locations in 2007. In addition to Katsuya, sbe has Gladstones, a seafood cuisine in Malibu and Cleo, a popular Mediterranean restaurant in their Redbury hotel in Hollywood. XIV, in partnership with Chef Michael Mina, opened on the Sunset Strip in October 2008. (XIV closed in August 2011.) sbe opened The Bazaar with José Andrés, which is integrated into SLS Hotel in Beverly Hills, in 2008. sbe is also invested in hamburger chain Umami Burger. 
Create.
Create nightclub is an entertainment venue located at 6021 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, California in the United States of America. The venue comprises four distinct entertainment areas including a main ballroom. You can find information for upcoming events, tickets and vip table reservations (bottle service) at Create's website.
Jordan Birnbaum invested in Vanguard Hollywood when it was initially started and known as Qtopia Events. Holding a ten year lease on Hollywood Boulevard, the company was publicly launched in June 2002, without a liquor licence and with the intention of being used as a recording studio by day. Qtopia Events was not successful and Birnbaum took over management and re-branded the company as Vanguard Hollywood. By 2004 Vanguard broke even and obtained a liquor licence. Over $40 million was generated over the next five years before Birnbaum sold Vanguard in 2009. The club was acquired by sbe and revamped in 2013. Later that year, SBE partnered with Insomniac Events and renamed the club Create.
The Abbey.
The Abbey is a bar and nightclub in West Hollywood, California. It was purchased by sbe Entertainment Group and has taken on more of a mixed clientele, offering entertainment to both gay and straight patrons. David Cooley is now the president of The Abbey.
The bar originally opened in 1991 as a gay coffeehouse. Wanting more of an evening appeal, a bar area was made. Wishing to compete with the other local gay bars, the owners transformed the back stock area into a lounge area and eventually even bought out the neighbouring pottery store to further expand the business's size. It is one of the highest tax revenue producing businesses in West Hollywood, California.
The Abbey has been notably featured in a number of television series of interest to the LGBT community, including being the venue of the Logo original series "Wisecrack". The club and its owner, David Cooley, have also featured in the Logo series "Open Bar" and "" and the Oxygen network original series "The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency". Transgender actress Candis Cayne was featured in several lip-synch shows there in 2008.
SLS Hotels.
In 2007, sbe acquired the Sahara Hotel & Casino. On February 14, 2013 sbe head Sam Nazarian announced the groundbreaking for the $415 million conversion of the hotel into the SLS Las Vegas. It will contain 1,600 rooms, a casino, four nightclubs, a branch of the famed Los Angeles clothing store Fred Segal and restaurants including branches of The Bazaar by José Andrés, Katsuya by Starck and Umami Burger. The hotel will open in Fall 2014. Sbe is also planning to further expand their SLS locations to Park Avenue in New York (Fall 2014), Brickeli Miami (2015), China (2015), Philadelphia (2016) and Seattle (2016). 

</doc>
<doc id="9794690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794690" title="The Arms of Krupp">
The Arms of Krupp

'The Arms of Krupp (1968) is William Manchester's history of the Krupp dynasty, which owned and ran a dominant armaments manufacturing company in Germany. The company was based in Essen. The book presents very readable descriptions of the behavior of the Krupp family and its firm from the Thirty Years' War to the Kaisers, the Weimar Republic, the Nazis, the American occupation, and finally the Bonn government. The book describes how under each regime (except possibly Weimar) the family and firm received favorable treatment, culminating in a special law Lex Krupp. Bizarre facets of families members are presented in detail. The innovative social welfare programs for factory workers are starkly contrasted with the treatment of forced laborers (ostarbeiters, etc.) Manchester's book tells presumably all-from the first Krupp (circa 1500) "a shrewd chandler with a keen eye for the main chance," through the family's incarnation by the sixth generation as "Essen's uncrowned kings," to the powerful weapons empire that armed Germany for three major wars, and finally the dissolution of die Firma. Manchester slants his story; in this case, the Krupps are all malevolent. The "killing power" of the kruppsche wares (cannon, howitzers, batteries, finally, nuclear power) was unrivaled as early as 1880, and in Manchester's view their product suited the family's temperament. He does differentiate between the various Alfreds, Alfrieds, and Berthas--but shows every member with some unfortunate trait. Their way of life is "secretive," their huge empire "international," their tendency is toward cartels, and their appearance is "vulpine." The foxy family's most "phenomenal" habit, however, was that "of matching the Teuton mood" --i.e. they were nationalistic, Francophile, or severely militaristic when Germany adopted these stances. But Manchester doesn't quite make it clear whether he is charging them with fierce patriotism or whoring.
"
The book asks as to what extent German industry bears part of the moral responsibility for the crimes of the German state during the World War II.
Krupp profited directly from requisitions of industrial capacities in occupied Europe. The Nazi war effort created a huge demand for workers in the armament industry; a mobilization of women into the labor force was ruled out due to ideological reasons. Instead the Nazis opted to meet the demand for workers by slave laborers. The Krupp AG owned private concentration camps and leased slaves from the SS at the cost of one Reichsmark per day; Slaves for the industry were transferred directly from extermination camps or from POWs, were drafted during Nacht und Nebel, or civilians recruited from occupied countries as ostarbeiters. Slaves were held under inhuman conditions and were not provided with any shelter during frequent air raids. The surviving former slaves were not adequately compensated after the war for their sufferings; After the war Alfried Krupp was convicted of crimes against humanity
Critical Response.
Time Magazine gave the book a mixed review saying 
""The result is an often flawed, some times naive but largely fascinating chronicle whose inflated pretensions as a work of real scholarship are punctured by swarms of errors. As a work of history, the book is marred, too, by an overwrought style and an unbecomingly snide use of irony. Manchester is not fond of the Germans, and he caricatures them either as superefficient and slavishly obedient or as a folk barely removed from dwarfs and dragons, blood feuds and bags of tainted gold.""

</doc>
<doc id="9794705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794705" title="The Prats">
The Prats

The Prats were an Edinburgh-based punk rock group, active from 1977 to 1981. More recently, their track "General Davis" was featured in the opening credits of Jonathan Demme's 2004 film, "The Manchurian Candidate".
History.
The group was founded in 1977 at St. Augustine's Roman Catholic Comprehensive by Paul McLaughlin, David Maguire, Greg Maguire, and Tom Robinson, whose ages at the time ranged from 12 to 15. While their instruments were basic - including a cardboard drum kit - they were able to quickly produce a demo tape which they sent to a local indie label Fast Product, who also produced the Human League. Inspired by The Slits and Mekons, the Prats debuted with three tracks on the Fast EP "Earcom 1".
In 1979, the band recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show. Peel also offered his fee from a DJing appearance in Edinburgh to finance a single release by the band. A series of singles then followed, including "General Davis" and "Die Todten Reyten Schnell," which was released on a German indie label.
A number of line-up changes saw Elspeth McLeod joining to provide additional guitar (including on the single "General Davis") and Jeff Maguire taking over bass duties from Tom Robinson.
In 1980, the EP "The 1990s Pop" was released on Rough Trade Music. This record contained four tracks: "Disco Pope", "Nothing", "TV Set", and "Noboty Noticed". "Disco Pope" received significant airplay under John Peel and was re-released in 2003 on Rough Trade Shops' compilation CD "Post Punk Volume 1".
The end of school in 1981 meant the end of the Prats. Paul McLaughlin was quoted as saying “Bands are like marriages between four people. You just stop getting on with each other.” 
McLaughlin, now living in Chelmsford, has released one solo single, "Party Girl". He has since then given up on music and is currently an employment law executive with Acas; Dave, Jeff, Greg, Tom and Elspeth all live in the Edinburgh area.
"The Manchurian Candidate" soundtrack.
With the appearance of the song "General Davis" on the soundtrack of Jonathan Demme's 2004 remake of "The Manchurian Candidate", starring Denzel Washington and Meryl Streep, there has been a resurgence of interest in the Prats, resulting in the release of a compilation CD, "Now That's What I Call Prats music" released by One Little Indian in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9794706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794706" title="Dale Hackbart">
Dale Hackbart

Dale Leonard Hackbart (born July 21, 1938 in Madison, Wisconsin) is a former American football defensive back who played twelve seasons in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers, Washington Redskins, Minnesota Vikings, St. Louis Cardinals, and Denver Broncos from 1960 to 1973. He also played in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 1964 and 1965.
Hackbert initially focused on baseball. He spent a season playing baseball for the Grand Forks Chiefs; a Class C minor league team in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization. Vince Lombardi convinced Hackbart to drop baseball and concentrate on a career in the National Football League.
In 1973, Hackbart was involved in an on-field transgression that he eventually took to court. He asserted that a late hit by Cincinnati Bengals running back Boobie Clark was an intentional tort. 
He was with the Denver Broncos and was their starting safety in 1973.
In the first 1973 regular season game against the Cincinnati Bengals Hackbart's neck was fractured. “It was just before halftime and the Bengals had the ball at around the 45 yardline going in. Boobie Clark came out of a split backfield and ran down the hashmarks. I was playing free safety so I dropped back to the center of the field. The ball went up in the air and I converged into the endzone. Billy Thompson, who was playing left corner for the Broncos, jumped in front of me and Boobie Clark and intercepted the pass. I tried to block Boobie and landed on the ground. When I came up on to one knee watching Thompson run the ball, Boobie came up from behind me and whacked me in the back of the head, with a right fore-arm and drove me into the ground, after the Play was finished. My left arm went numb ! At halftime in the locker room I couldn’t take off my helmet so I was packed in ice around my neck and helmet." Hackbart was still in such severe pain after the game that he had X-rays taken, which revealed that the C4, 5, 6, and 7 vertebrae on his neck were fractured. This injury ended his football career. 
In 1974 neurosurgeons told Hackbart that if he didn’t have surgery to repair the damage, he would lose use of his left arm, shoulder, and any muscles involved with the damaged vertebrae. The Broncos claimed they were not liable. Hackbart hired an attorney, Rodger Johnson of Johnson & Mahony, and brought a suit against the Bengals. Hackbart V. the Cincinnati Bengals became a precedent setting case. In the case the courts ruled that in the course of a professional football game an intentional infliction of an injury by one player upon another might constitute a tort. 
As a result of the lawsuit, the National Football League mandated that all stadiums had to be equipped with X-Ray machines. The head slap maneuver which injured Hackbart was banned. Later, rules against spearing with the helmet and helmet to helmet contact were created. Hackbart settled with the Bengals and the Broncos filed a Workman’s Compensation claim which paid for the surgery that was performed in 1976. 
The case was eventually appealed to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in 1979 and has become a key point of discussion in several first year law school tort classes. "Hackbart v. Cincinnati Bengals, Inc.", 601 F.2d 516 (10th Cir. 1979).
NFL Green Bay Packers 1961 50 Year Championship Reunion.
Dale attended the 2011 Reunion at Lambeau Field , in Green Bay Wisconsin, October 2, 2011. 
http://www.packers.com/media-center/videos/Alumni-Spotlight-Jerry-Kramer/78627c7d-90ec-425c-ab6e-a7a83ef71750?campaign=FB120422
http://www.fox11online.com/dpp/news/local/green_bay/1961-Packers-champs-celebrate-50-years
References.
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/H/HackDa20.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9794709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794709" title="Ħondoq ir-Rummien">
Ħondoq ir-Rummien

Ħondoq ir-Rummien, the coastline below the village of Qala (Gozo, Malta) is dotted with traditional salt pans, some of which are still actively used to harvest salt throughout the summer months. On this coast is a small cove, Ħondoq ir-Rummien (which in English means, Pomegranate Moat), which is popular with snorkellers because of its deep and clear water and the small caves at water level. Access to the sea is from bathing ladders. The cove has good views over Comino. There is also a small white sand beach sheltered by a small promontory on the south/west side.
Hondoq ir-Rummien, a beautiful coastal area and bay in Qala Gozo, is one of the few remaining tracts of open countryside left in the Maltese Islands. The sea in this area boasts some of the cleanest, clearest water in all of Malta and Gozo, attracting locals and divers alike. An area of outstanding scenic beauty, it is also a vital habitat for dwindling communities of rare plants.
Hondoq ir-Rummien, in the area stretching from the depth of the quarry and eastwards along the rocky cliffside, is now being threatened by a proposed development plan to build a five star hotel catering for 170 beds, approximately 25 self-catering vcillas, 60 self-catering units, 200 multi-ownership residences, 731 underground parking spaces, 10 retail units, 5 dining facilities and a marina for between 100 to 150 craft depending on the size of the vessels..
At Hondoq-ir-Rummien there still is the sea-water distillation plant, which was constructed there in the 1960s against the will of Gozitans and at an astronomical expense by the then Nationalist Government. A monument to the irresponsibility of avid politicians who tend to cash in on public projects. Incidentally it is yet another Nationalist Government who is planning to destroy the natural beauty still existing at Hondoq-ir-Rummien if the project explained above is given the go-ahead against the wishes - once more - of all the people of Qala', as well as that of most Gozitans and Maltese. The plant was never finished due to a change in Government in 1971, and has remained in total disuse ever since. 

</doc>
<doc id="9794713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794713" title="Bahman Salehnia">
Bahman Salehnia

Bahman Salehnia (born March 11, 1939 in Bandar-e Anzali, Iran) is an Iranian football coach. He is currently head-coach of "Esteghlal Anzali".
He founded Malavan Sport and Cultural Club and was the manager of its football team for many years. He has won Hazfi Cup on three times with Malavan. Many people call him "Father of Malavan".

</doc>
<doc id="9794812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794812" title="Richard Akinjide">
Richard Akinjide

Chief Osuolale Abimbola Richard Akinjide, SAN is a Nigerian lawyer, politician and tribal nobleman.
Biography.
Born in the ancient city of Ibadan, the capital of Oyo State in the southwest of the country in the early 1930s to an influential family of warriors, Richard Akinjide attended Oduduwa College, Ile-Ife from where he passed out in Grade One (Distinction, Aggregate 6).
Richard Akinjide travelled to the UK in 1951 for his higher education and was called to the English Bar in 1955 and later in Nigeria. He established his practice of Akinjide & Co soon after.
He was a former minister of education in the government of Prime Minister Tafawa Balewa during the second republic and the minister for Justice in the administration of President Shehu Shagari. He was a member of the judicial systems sub-committee of the Constitutional Drafting Committee of 1975-1977 and later joined the National Party of Nigeria in 1978. He became the legal adviser for the party and was later appointed the Minister for Justice.
Richard Akinjide is a Senior Advocate of Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="9794831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794831" title="Brennersee">
Brennersee

The lake Brennersee lies approximately 1.15 km north of the Brenner Pass, 1,310 metres above sea level. With an area of approximately 19 ha, it is the biggest lake in the Wipptal. The lake can be explored by motorway A13 or by local train from Innsbruck.
Although the lake is always open for bathing, the water barely warms up to 12 °C, even in midsummer. In addition, the basin and motorway often conceal the sun, and the proximate environment is chilly. The Sill River provides the lake with fresh water and drains it at the same time. The cold water fluctuates between A and B grade quality and accommodates various kinds of carp and trout. An alga curtain on the lake floor gives the water a predominantly jade colour.

</doc>
<doc id="9794837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794837" title="Irwin M. Brodo">
Irwin M. Brodo

Dr. Irwin M. Brodo (born 1935) is an emeritus scientist at the Canadian Museum of Nature, in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. He is a world authority on the identification and biology of lichens. Irwin Brodo was honored in 1994 with an Acharius Medal presented to him by the International Association for Lichenology. 
Dr. Brodo's list of publications includes 75 research papers, 8 popular articles, 22 reviews and 6 editorials and obituaries. One of Irwin Brodo's great achievements was the publication of the 795 page book, "Lichens of North America" which is filled with high quality photographs of lichens taken by Sylvia and Stephen Sharnoff. It won the 2002 National Outdoor Book Award (Nature Guidebook).

</doc>
<doc id="9794845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794845" title="David Darst">
David Darst

David Martin Darst, CFA, is an American financier, educator, and author. For 17 years, he was a Managing Director and Chief Investment Strategist of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, where he served as Vice Chairman of the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Committee. He was the founding President of the Morgan Stanley Investment Group, and the founding Chairman of the Morgan Stanley Asset Allocation Committee. Since 2014, he serves as a Senior Advisor to and a member of the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Committee.
Early life.
Darst was born in Knoxville, Tennessee, the third of five sons born to Guy Bewley Darst and Susan Mary McGinnis Darst. Darst attended Father Ryan High School in Nashville, TN and earned a high school diploma from Phillips Exeter Academy, a BA degree in Economics from Yale University, and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Lecturing and professional associations.
Darst has lectured at Wharton, Columbia University, INSEAD, and New York University business schools, and for nine years, Darst served as a visiting faculty member at Yale College, Yale School of Management, and Harvard Business School. He serves on the Investment Committee of the Phi Beta Kappa Foundation, and is a CFA Charterholder and a member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and the CFA Institute. On November 3, 2011 at the Metropolitan Club in New York, Darst was inducted by Quinnipiac University into their Business Leaders Hall of Fame.
Media appearances and publications.
Darst has been profiled and/or quoted by "The New York Times", "Wall Street Journal", "Financial Times", "Barron's", "Worth" magazine, and the "Yale Economic Review".
Darst has also been an occasional contributor of articles to "Forbes.com".
Books.
His books have been translated into Chinese, Japanese, Russian, German, Romanian, Korean, Indonesian, Italian, Norwegian, and Vietnamese.

</doc>
<doc id="9794863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794863" title="John Byrne (cricketer)">
John Byrne (cricketer)

John Edward Byrne (born 17 January 1972 in Dublin) is a former Irish cricketer. A right-handed batsman, he played three times for Ireland in 1997, including one first-class match against Scotland. He has not played for Ireland since.

</doc>
<doc id="9794873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794873" title="Boo (film)">
Boo (film)

Boo is a 2005 American horror film directed by Anthony C. Ferrante, who would later direct "Sharknado".
Plot.
The friends Emmett, Freddy, Marie, Kevin and his reluctant girlfriend Jessie decide to spend the Halloween night in an abandoned hospital. Meanwhile, the younger Allan meets the old friend of his father Arlo Ray Baines and asks him to help to find his vanished sister Meg in the same spot. The two groups meet each other in the mental institution section on the haunted third floor and they find that they are trapped in the place. Jessie has visions from the past and discovers that the ghost of Jacob, a former patient that killed a little girl and burned the hospital, is trying to escape possessing their bodies that melt down with his evil spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="9794878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794878" title="The Nest of the Sparrowhawk">
The Nest of the Sparrowhawk

The Nest of the Sparrowhawk: "A Romance of the XVIIth Century" was written by Baroness Orczy, author of "The Scarlet Pimpernel", in 1909.
Plot summary.
Set in puritan Kent in 1657, the story focuses on the intrigues of Sir Marmaduke de Chevasse "as stiff a Roundhead as ever upheld my Lord Protector and his Puritanic government," who is determined to secure the vast fortunes of his lovely ward, Lady Sue, for himself.
Sue presents a girlish figure; she is young, alert and vigorous. The charm of her own youth and freshness even means she looks dainty and graceful in clothes that disfigure her elders. She enjoys the adulation which her appearance guarantees, laughing and chattering with the women and teasing the men.
She does of course have plenty of admirers, including young Richard Lambert who worships her with protective reverence. 
Sir Marmaduke who has plans to woo and win Lady Sue disguised as the exiled French Prince of Orléans, resents this faithful espionage and lays a plot to lure young Lambert to a gaming-house in London. Richard knows that gambling is an illicit pastime and that he is breaking the law, but is compelled to take his seat at the table by his employer.
Richard is then duped into taking part in a brawl and is summarily arrested leaving the way open for Marmaduke to carry out his cowardly deception and he soon tricks Sue into marrying him.
Sir Marmaduke persuades his widowed sister-in-law to abet him in this plot, in which she unwittingly disgraces one of her long lost sons and finds the other murdered by the villain.
Though set in a completely different kind of background, the plot has some resemblance with the Sherlock Holmes story "A Case of Identity".

</doc>
<doc id="9794887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794887" title="Dingley Island">
Dingley Island

Dingley Island is a small island in Casco Bay, not far from Brunswick, off the coast of Maine in the United States.
In the 1750s, the island was known as Bateman’s Island, and later Indian Island. However, in 1788, Captain Levi Dingley purchased the south and in 1792 built a house there; it has been known as Dingley Island ever since.
The island was until recently connected to adjacent Great Island by a solid, . causeway that had been constructed around 1954. However, the resulting build up of silt in Dingley Cove, in the area adjacent to the causeway, was by the mid 1990s threatening to turn the area into a salt marsh. Such a transformation would have had a significant negative impact on the important clam harvest in this area and on associated livelihoods. The island's of clam flats generate an average annual harvest of some $225,000. 
In response to this growing environmental concern, residents and neighbors of Dingley Island began in 1996 to investigate the possibility of replacing a portion of the causeway with a bridge that would allow the restoration of normal tidal flows to the cove. Over the next several years, various partners were brought on board, including the Town of Harpswell, the US Navy Innovative Readiness Training Program (IRT), Bowdoin College students and faculty, the New Meadows River Watershed Project, the Maine Corporate Wetlands Restoration Partnership and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration(NOAA). These partners, led by Harpswell Resident Elsa Martz, worked together to develop and finance the bridge construction project, which cost approximately $174,000. On October 1, 2003, the community and its partners, along with Governor John Baldacci, celebrated the opening of the new bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="9794905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794905" title="High resolution manometry">
High resolution manometry

High-resolution manometry (HRM) is a gastrointestinal motility diagnostic system that measures intraluminal pressure activity in the gastrointestinal tract using a series of closely spaced pressure sensors. For a manometry system to be classified as "high-resolution" as opposed to "conventional", the pressure sensors need to be spaced at most 1 cm apart. Two dominant pressure transduction technologies are used: solid state pressure sensors and water perfused pressure sensors. Each pressure transduction technology has its own inherent advantages and disadvantages. HRM systems also require advanced computer hardware and software to store and analyze the manometry data.

</doc>
<doc id="9794909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794909" title="Long Beach (LIRR station)">
Long Beach (LIRR station)

Long Beach is the terminus of the Long Beach Branch of the Long Island Rail Road. It is located at Park Place and Park Avenue in the City of Long Beach, New York. 
The MTA offers a package which includes train fare and admission to the beach. 
History.
Long Beach Station was originally built in 1880 by the New York and Long Beach Railroad, however it was much closer to the Atlantic Ocean than the present station. The site was surrounded by Broadway, Penn Street, Edwards Boulevard and Riverside Boulevard, and served the grand Long Beach Hotel, which Austin Corbin claimed was the world's largest hotel. It also included a clock tower on the station house, a water tower, and a gazebo. Additionally, it had a connection to the Long Beach Marine Railway, which served Lido Beach and Point Lookout. The hotel burned down on July 27, 1907 in what was officially ruled as an electrical fire. 
Due to repeated storm damage to rails and other equipment, the LIRR petitioned the New York State Public Service Commission to move the station 1000 feet north in January 1909, which was fully endorsed by the Estates of Long Beach who even offered to exchange land with the railroad. That permission was granted in February of the same year. The present depot at Park Avenue was built in June 1909, and is larger than the previous station off the Atlantic Coast. It was designed by Kenneth M. Murchison, who also designed the 1913-built Jamaica station. Over a year later, the station and the line were electrified. The station was renovated in 1988. Another renovation in the early 2000s added a parking garage, bus depot, and platform bridge. The bus depot is on Centre Street adjacent to the station building, and the parking garage contains a section for bicycles.
Long Beach Club House Station.
Prior to the relocation, another station named Club House Station (not to be confused with the Club House station on the Montauk Branch in Great River, New York) existed nearby at what is today Market Street and National Boulevard. Originally a signal stop built in April 1898, it contained a path leading to a club house on the coast of Reynolds Channel The station was closed in 1909 when Long Beach Station was moved to the channel.
Platforms and tracks.
This station has two high-level island platforms. The east platform between Tracks 3 and 4 is 10 cars long. The west platform between Tracks 5 and 6 is eight cars long.
There are 10 tracks total. The six tracks not next to the platforms (two to the east of the station and four to the west) are used for train storage.

</doc>
<doc id="9794921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794921" title="Mr. Sammler's Planet">
Mr. Sammler's Planet

"Mr. Sammler's Planet" is a 1970 novel by the American author Saul Bellow. It won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1971.
Plot synopsis.
Mr. Artur Sammler, Holocaust survivor, intellectual, and occasional lecturer at Columbia University in 1960s New York City, is a "registrar of madness", a refined and civilized being caught among people crazy with the promises of the future (moon landings, endless possibilities). "Sorry for all and sore at heart", he observes how greater luxury and leisure have only led to more human suffering. 
To Mr. Sammler—who by the end of the novel has found the compassionate consciousness necessary to bridge the gap between himself and his fellow beings—a good life is one in which a person does what is "required of him". To know and to meet the "terms of the contract" was as true a life as one could live.
Literary significance and criticism.
Though some critics have pigeonholed the novel as a response to the Holocaust or as a Jeremiad against 1960s social mores — and it is true that Sammler is horrified by those mores because, as Philip Roth pointed out, he views them as "the betrayal by the crazy species of the civilized ideal" — 
others have noted that the novel revolves, as does "Herzog", around Sammler's conflicts between intellect and intuition, between acting in the world and standing aside to observe it. In a slowly building epiphany at the novel's end, Sammler finds a balance; Joyce Carol Oates wrote that she admired "the conclusion of "Mr. Sammler's Planet", which is so powerful that it forces us to immediately reread the entire novel, because we have been "altered in the process of reading it" and are now, at its conclusion, ready to begin reading it." At the conclusion, Sammler speaks to God. Referring either to the existence of objective moral truths or to the existence of God Himself, he says: "For that is the truth of it--that we all know, God, that we know, that we know, we know, we know." In a lecture a few years later, asked to explain those lines, Bellow said this: "You read the New Testament and the assumption Jesus makes continually is that people know the difference immediately between good and evil... And that is in part what faith means. It doesn't even require discussion. It means that there is an implicit knowledge -- very ancient if not eternal -- which human beings really share and that if they based their relationships on that knowledge existence could be transformed."

</doc>
<doc id="9794929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794929" title="Pete Tunstall">
Pete Tunstall

Peter David Tunstall (1 December 1918 – 27 July 2013) was a Squadron Leader in the Royal Air Force during World War II and as a POW was held prisoner at Colditz Castle. He holds the 'record' for the most time spent by an Allied POW in solitary confinement.
Early life.
Tunstall was born in Chadwell St Mary, Essex, in 1918 and moved to the nearby village of Orsett at the age of three. As a schoolboy he took his first flying lesson from a local airfield, paid for by shooting and selling rabbits to his local butcher. He joined the RAF in 1937 and trained at No 61 Squadron at Hemswell in Lincolnshire and eventually became a Hampden pilot. 
During his RAF training he was told by A.J. Evans – a World War I Royal Flying Corps pilot and double prisoner-of-war escapee – that if he was captured, "Your first duty was to try to escape. Your second duty was to be as big a bloody nuisance as possible to the enemy." Tunstall took the advice to heart.
World War 2.
Tunstall flew combat missions over France during and after the British retreat to Dunkirk. He was captured on the night of 26/27 August 1940, when, due to a wireless failure, his aircraft became lost and crash landed on the Dutch coast. As a prisoner of war (POW) he was initially sent to a POW camp in Poland. After trying to escape from the camp dressed as a German NCO he was transferred to Spangenberg Castle. It was during his incarceration at Spangenberg Castle that Tunstall, along with Eustace Newborn and Dominic Bruce came up with the escape plan known as "the Swiss Commission". The escape attempt has gone down as one of the most audacious of the war. Using uniforms found in the castle and suits made from uniforms, the three POWs simply walked out of the camp during an inspection by the Swiss Red Cross. They spent ten days at large before being recaptured. 
Tunstall was then moved to Oflag VIB where he tried again to escape dressed as a German soldier. Following this attempt he was shipped to Colditz Castle on 15 March 1942. Here Tunstall perfected his 'goon-baiting' (activities to distract and annoy the German guards). At Colditz, he also developed methods of getting information back to Britain inside photographs and letters. At the end of the war, he was recommended for an award by MI9, but it was turned down by the Colonel Willie Tod, the senior British officer at Colditz (allegedly due to a clash of personalities). 
Tunstall disputes some of the stories about Colditz. He did work with Escape Officers to cause diversions when an escape was 'on'. He did pull stunts and spoil roll calls at other times, otherwise the Germans would have known an escape was being covered up. However, he disputes that POWs threw 'excrement' bombs or blew 'raspberries' at the Germans. Nor does he know of anyone who did such things.
Tunstall was liberated by American troops on 16 April 1945 and returned to Britain shortly afterwards.
Post war.
After the war, Tunstall continued to serve in the RAF until 1958 as a flying instructor on Meteor and Vampire jets. He also served at the Advanced Flying Training School (No. 5 FTS) at Oakington in Cambridgeshire as a chief flying instructor. After leaving the RAF, he joined Laker Airways before emigrating to South Africa, where he worked as an actor as well as continuing to fly.
Death.
Tunstall died on 27 July 2013 at his home in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9794952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794952" title="Beautiful World Tour 2007">
Beautiful World Tour 2007

The Beautiful World Tour was the sixth concert tour by British pop group Take That. The show ran from 11 October to 31 December 2007 and was shown in the UK and countries all over Europe. It was a sellout tour and every date for the tour sold out in less than 40 minutes. The Beautiful World Tour garnered positive reviews from critics, and is to date their highest selling tour and one of the biggest tours in United Kingdom history. Support was provided by Sophie Ellis-Bextor who was present at all UK dates as the special guest, except the 31 December gig at The O2 Arena, which was advertised as Countdown to Midnight: Take That & Sugababes, with the Sugababes taking to the stage at 11:15 pm for 25 minutes and Take That performing for 55 minutes, from 11:50 pm. Each night a member of Take That chose an unsigned band/artist to support. The production of the show cost around £4 million. Each member of the band received £2,000,000 from the tour after tax.
Setlist.
† "Mancunian Way" was only played at a few gigs in Manchester at the end of this tour
Show incidents.
Early dates of the tour included a 'dance off' routine in the middle of 'Sure'. This was a comedic section involving all four members performing various moves, including Gary making light or his infamous lack of dancing ability compared to the other three members. However Howard Donald suffered a crack rib and a collapsed lung during this section of the show in Vienna, resulting in him missing a number of European dates and performing a restricted role in others. This section of the show was therefore dropped and does not feature on the DVD release, as it was filmed in London towards the end of the tour. The incident is explained in 'The Journey' (special features on The Beautiful World concert DVD), including footage of Howard's appearances to greet the crowd at the beginning of several concerts whilst he was recovering. On one occasion he appeared on stage in a hospital gown and he turned around to flash his bare behind. On another occasion, Howard appeared on stage in drag. Bandmate Jason Orange said it '...was typically Howard to make light of a bad situation'.
There were no cancellations of concert dates whilst Howard was out of action. Howard re-joined the band at the Oberhausen show.
DVD release.
The o2 Arena gigs on 6 and 7 December 2007 were recorded and release on a limited edition 2-disc DVD set Beautiful World Live (DVD), containing behind-the-scenes footage. A later Blu-ray was released in 2008.
The concert on 31 December 2007 leading up to a New Year's countdown with the Sugababes taking to the stage at 11:15 pm for 25 minutes and Take That performing for 55 minutes from 11:50 pm, was broadcast live on television channel ITV as "Countdown to Midnight: Take That & Sugababes".

</doc>
<doc id="9794957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794957" title="École du Louvre">
École du Louvre

The École du Louvre is an institution of higher education and French Grande École located in the Aile de Flore of the Louvre Palace in Paris, France, and is dedicated to the study of archaeology, art history, anthropology and epigraphy.
Admission is based on a competitive entrance exam after high school (lycée), though candidates may also apply after two or three years of university studies in the subjects of history, classics, literature, geography, philosophy and art. The school offers an undergraduate program, a master's program and a doctoral program as well as a preparation class for civil service entrance exams.
History.
The École du Louvre was created in 1882 with the mission to "extract from the collections the knowledge they contain, and to train curators, missionaries and excavators". The school was originally dedicated to Archaeology, but soon expanded to related disciplines, such as History of Art, Anthropology or Ancient Languages.
The school was created in a context of expansion of higher education in Europe, and in France in particular, which was reflected by providing lectures to the general public in addition to providing an education to students. Public lectures and conferences aimed at fee-paying "auditors", and summer school, continues the tradition on which the school was based. 
Other prestigious institutions were created during the same period in France, such as the Institut d'études politiques de Paris (Sciences-Po) or the École des Hautes Études Commerciales (HEC).
In 1920, the school established the General Art History course (known as "HGA"), that became the foundation for the curriculum. This course would develop into the current graduate program over the following years.
In 1927, the school was innovative by creating the chair of museology, the first such in the world.
In 1998, following the development of the "Grand Louvre", the school moved to its present location in the Aile de Flore, the river-facing wing of the museum.
The École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts or the Ecole Boulle are also well known art institutions in France.
Teaching.
As of 2006, the École du Louvre complies with the Bologna process and offers an undergraduate degree after three years ("Premier Cycle"), a master's degree after two years ("Deuxième cycle") and a research degree in three years ("Troisième Cycle"). It also provides preparation classes for some civil service exams as well as conferences for a wider public. Altogether, there are about 700 teaching staff.
The École du Louvre is unique in that selectivity is not limited to the initial competitive entrance exam to the undergraduate program. There is a highly selective process between the first and second years, the result of which students may not continue to complete the degree which is a manifestation of the French conception of selection towards excellence in higher education.
Premier cycle.
Undergraduate students, known as "EdLien", follow a core course called "HGA" (General Art History studying various periods and areas). Lectures are held in an amphitheatre, and tutorials are held in various museums providing a "hands-on" experience with the material.
The first year is dedicated to the Antiquity, with an emphasis on Prehistoric, Classical and Oriental Archaeology.
The second year focuses on the History of Art and Archaeology of the non-Western world, as well as the study of the Middle Ages and Renaissance.
The final year focuses on the History of Art in modern times, and African and Oceana Art including Anthropology.
In addition to the core course, in their first year students choose a specialisation area to study for the duration of the degree, known as "cours organiques" or "spé". Currently 31 specialisations (or "cours organiques") exist such as painting, drawing, sculpture, engraving, furniture, architecture, industrial design, cinema, fashion, photography created in various areas all over the world such as in Europe, Africa, America, Oceania or Middle and Far East. Students also take courses in Epigraphy, Numismatics or Modern Languages.
Deuxième cycle.
The master's program is composed of two years. During the first year, students study museology and research methods. At the end of the second year, students submit a master's thesis highlighting research and work experience.
Troisième cycle.
Although the research program is not formally a doctoral program, delivering a "diplôme de recherche approfondie" instead, students spend the three or more years conducting extensive academic research under the direction of a supervisor from the École du Louvre.
Academic partnerships.
The École du Louvre has exchange agreements with the Université de Montréal in Quebec, the Istituto Veneto di Scienze, Lettere ed Arti in Venice, Italy and the University of Heidelberg in Germany.
Library and publications.
The École du Louvre possesses one of the largest Art History and Archeology collections, which is made available to academics and students.
The École du Louvre regularly publishes books, manuals and academic research, often in conjunction with an external publishing house.

</doc>
<doc id="9794959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794959" title="Nova Religio">
Nova Religio

Nova Religio (subtitled "The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions") is a peer-reviewed religious studies journal that focuses on New Religious Movements. The journal is published by University of California Press, in Berkeley, California. First published in 1997 as a biannual, "Nova Religio" changed to a quarterly format in 2005.
Coverage.
The journal publishes scholarly interpretations, original research, literature reviews, and conference updates with a focus on New Religious Movements, including Ancient Wisdom and New Age groups, new movements within established religious traditions, alternative Christian religions, new Jewish movements, religious organizations based on Asian teachings, new religious movements from the Middle East, African, African American and Black movements, and immigrant religions in Diaspora.
Abstracting and Indexing.
"Nova Religio" is abstracted and/or indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="9794979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794979" title="Ripanj">
Ripanj

Ripanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Рипањ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac. It has a distinction of being "the largest village of Serbia" taking in account its number of population, but also because it has the largest area of all rural settlements in the country.
Location.
Ripanj is located some 25 kilometers south of Belgrade, on the southern slopes of the Avala mountain, in the valley of the Topčiderka river. It is the southernmost settlement in the municipality, on the northern side of the Lipovica woods, near the tripoint of the municipalities of Voždovac, Barajevo and Sopot.
Population.
Ripanj is statistically clasiffied as a rural settlement (village). Population has been stagnating for the last several decades, according to the official censuses of population:
History.
It is believed that settlement got its name from the large rock in the vicinity, called Ripa. Slopes of the Avala were already inhabioted in Neolithic. The location is an old mining area as it is known that already Romans were extracting mercury and silver and the tradition was later continued by the medieval Saxon miners. One of the major Serbian industrialists in the early 20th century, Đorđe Vajfert, also owned several mining fields. The mercury extraction from the Avala mountain ended in the second half of the 20th century.
The village got its first school in 1824, the same year when the first church was built. The small, wooden church ("crkva-brvanara") was later replaced with the large Church of the Holy Trinity in 1892.
Characteristics.
Ripanj is still largely agricultural settlement. The electrotechnics factory "Elektrosrbija" is located in Ripanj, so as the three "Minel" factory departments.
Ripanj is located in the northern, low Šumadija and the neighboring plateau is named after the settlement (Ripanj plateau), south of the Pinosava plateau. A railway Belgrade-Niš (both parallel lines) passes next to the settlement and the tunnel south of Ripanj is named the "Ripanj tunnel".
Boroughs.
As a large and elongated settlement, stretched along the road and railway (there are five railway stations within the Ripanj area), it developed outer boroughs or comprised the formerly separate settlements. Some of the largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="9795011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795011" title="Findory">
Findory

Findory was a news and blog aggregation website that utilized collaborative filtering to provide users with personalized newsfeeds and news e-mails. Findory collected a history of which articles a user clicked, a form of passive filtering, to recommend articles preferred by similar users. Along with news and blogs, Findory provided personalized podcasts and video, personalized web search, and a variety of access methods, including a REST API, e-mail subscription, and mobile phone access. 
Findory was founded in 2004 by Amazon.com alumnus Greg Linden. In January 2007, Linden announced that he would be abandoning new work on Findory, and that he planned to shut it down. Although the announced November 1, 2007 termination date was briefly postponed, the service ultimately ceased on December 18, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9795023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795023" title="Azure Window">
Azure Window

The Azure Window () is a Limestone natural arch on the Maltese island of Gozo. It is situated near Dwejra Bay on the Inland Sea. The formation, which was created after two limestone sea caves collapsed, is popular with scuba divers.
Geology.
The Azure Window is made of a Maltese limestone known as Globigerina. This is the second oldest rock found on the islands covering almost 70% of its area. The rock, which is subject to erosion, gives Malta its distinctive coast and interior. Thickness of the limestone ranges from near Fort Chambray on Gozo up to around Marsaxlokk on Malta. The high arch consists of yellow to pale-grey limestones comprising the remains of the marine organism globigerinid foraminifera.
Erosion.
The arch is disintegrating because large pieces of rock have begun to fall from the underside of the arch. The rate suggests that the arch will completely disintegrate within a few years. Its dangerous condition has led to warning notices being placed along the cliffs to stop people walking over the top of the arch. In April 2012 a large piece of rock was dislocated and resulted in the window being made larger and more unstable, as well as a reduction in its nearly perfect oblong shape.
Tourism.
The Azure Window is a popular visitor destination being close to Dwejra, a tourist village that belongs to the town of San Lawrenz. The waters around the arch are suitable for swimming, scuba diving, and boating.
In recent years, the arch has gained notoriety for the illegal cliff-diving. Many videos on YouTube feature people leaping from the middle and side of the arch.
Media appearances.
The Azure Window has been featured in films, such as "Clash of the Titans (1981)" at the 104th minute and "The Count of Monte Cristo (2002)" at the 13th minute. It can also be seen in the television miniseries "The Odyssey (1997)", and HBO's TV series "Game of Thrones". The filming of "Game of Thrones" resulted in controversy when a protected ecosystem was damaged by a subcontractor.

</doc>
<doc id="9795039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795039" title="Children of My Heart">
Children of My Heart

Children of My Heart is a novel by Gabrielle Roy, published in 1977. The novel, Roy's last published work of fiction, was originally published in French as Ces enfants de ma vie.
The novel's protagonist is "Gabrielle Roy", a young teacher in a 1930s Prairie town. Based on Roy's own experiences as a teacher, the novel focuses on Gabrielle Roy's relationship with her students.
Awards and nominations.
The novel won the 1977 Governor General's Award for French language fiction. Its English translation was selected for inclusion in the 2007 edition of "Canada Reads", where it was championed by journalist Denise Bombardier. It was, however, the first book voted out of the competition by the panelists.
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
The novel was adapted into a television film in 2000. Directed by Keith Ross Leckie, the film starred Geneviève Désilets, Geneviève Bujold and Michael Moriarty.

</doc>
<doc id="9795054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795054" title="Snooker season 2000/2001">
Snooker season 2000/2001

The snooker season 2000/2001 was a series of snooker tournaments played between 26 August 2000 and 13 May 2001. The following table outlines the results for the ranking and invitational events.
__TOC__
Official rankings.
The top 16 of the world rankings, these players automatically played in the final rounds of the world ranking events and were invited for the Masters.

</doc>
<doc id="9795068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795068" title="Patrick Clifford">
Patrick Clifford

Patrick Clifford (born in New York City, 1966) is a musician, songwriter, and producer of Irish and folk music. Best known as a key member of Four to the Bar—a "well loved and well respected" mainstay of the 1990s New York Irish music scene—he has also released two solo albums: "American Wake" and "Chance of a Start".
Like many contemporary New York Irish musicians, he received his earliest training from the renowned Martin Mulvihill, (on piano accordion). His primary instrument with Four to the Bar was the bass, but he also added piano, guitar, and accordion to the band's sound, on both stage and recordings.
As a songwriter, he wrote two tracks for the band's watershed album, "Another Son":
He and guitarist Martin Kelleher are generally credited with the production of both of Four to the Bar's full-length albums; "Another Son" is notable for its elegance and "Craic on the Road" for its energy and atmosphere.
In 1993, he produced "Sky in My Hand", the first release by New York folk singer/songwriter Liz Dacey. This recording was engineered by Virgil Moorefield.
In 2008, he recorded, mixed, and mastered "To the Fray", an album by the band Hobnail. He also played bass and sang on this release.

</doc>
<doc id="9795085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795085" title="Purico Complex">
Purico Complex

The Purico Complex is a pyroclastic shield consisting of two ignimbrite sheets that is located in the eastern part of the Atacama Desert in Chile's II Region (Antofagasta), approximately south of the Bolivia - Chile border. The volcanic complex is on top of a massive pyroclastic shield, covering an area of roughly x and is conformed by ten subsidiaries, including two stratovolcanoes, five lava domes, one cinder cone, and one maar. The highest of its multiple peaks is . Juriques to the north and Guayaques to the east are separate volcanic systems. 
The two ignimbrite sheets making up the complex and shield erupted about 1.3 million years ago, along with several stratovolcanoes and lava domes that define a postulated 10 x 20 km ring fracture. Cerro Toco overlies the vent area of the Cajón Ignimbrite and a sulfur mine on Cerro Toco's southeast flank was mined until the early 1990s. Cerro Chascón de Purico and Cerro Aspero are of Holocene age. Both lava domes differ morphologically from many other flat-topped silicic Andean volcanic domes and have 300-400 metre-high conical profiles. Cerro Chascón was formed by a series of viscous lava flows while Cerro Aspero appears to be a single Peléan-type dome. The Chascón de Purico dacitic lava dome rising 1,200 metres above the shield has a well-preserved summit crater and lava flows that do not show evidence of glacial modification. The dacitic-to-andesitic Cerros de Macón stratovolcano lies at the southern end of the Purico Complex, and the Alitar maar at the southeast end displays constant solfataric activity.
The Chajnantor Science Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Científica de Chajnantor) contains most of the Purico Complex, and is home to the Llano de Chajnantor Observatory and other astronomical facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="9795133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795133" title="Films Beget Films">
Films Beget Films

Films Beget Films is a 1964 book written by Jay Leyda. It traces the history of compilation films constructed using found newsreel footage. He argues that documentary film is linked at an early stage to this newsreel footage.
Leyda's timeline.
Early 20th century
1920s
World war II
Post-war
References.
"Films Beget Films", Jay Leyda, London, George Allen & Unwin 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9795138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795138" title="Holly Gibbs">
Holly Gibbs

Holly Gibbs (born 25 August 1997) is an English child actor known for having played in "The Story of Tracy Beaker" as Millie and "Nanny McPhee" as Christianna. She is the daughter of former actress Claire Toeman. She recently appeared in TEENSVILLE (BBC) The show was about the Jewish Bar Mitzvah celebration & is currently filming the controversial film 'Mob Handed' out in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9795146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795146" title="Clint Richardson">
Clint Richardson

Clint Richardson Jr. (born August 7, 1956) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2nd round (36th overall) of the 1979 NBA Draft. A 6'3" guard from Seattle University, Richardson played in eight NBA seasons, from 1980 to 1988 with the 76ers and the Indiana Pacers. 
During his NBA career, Richardson played in 586 games and scored a total of 4,084 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1985-86 season as a member of the Pacers, appearing in 82 games and averaging 9.7 ppg.
Richardson was a member of the team. 
He is the oldest son of former Washington State University track and field athlete Clint Richardson, Sr. His two younger brothers, Keith and Craig, played college football at University of Washington and Eastern Washington University respectively. His younger sister, Colleen, was a track and field athlete in UW.Clint is the father of two girls and one boy Tiffany Jade Richardson (30) Taryn A Richardson (29) and Zachary K Richardson (13)

</doc>
<doc id="9795148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795148" title="Buenas noches, Buenos Aires">
Buenas noches, Buenos Aires

Buenas noches, Buenos Aires is a Argentine musical film comedy directed by and starring Hugo del Carril. The film was premièred in Buenos Aires on October 10, 1964.
Organized by Del Carril, the film reminisces over the culture of tango films that dominated the Cinema of Argentina in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s, and united tango actors such as Hugo del Carril, Tito Lusiardo and Virginia Luque and Roberto Escalada as well as starring new actors such as Palito Ortega.

</doc>
<doc id="9795198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795198" title="MISFET">
MISFET

A MISFET is a metal–insulator–semiconductor field-effect transistor.
"MISFET" is a more general term than "MOSFET" and a synonym to "insulated gate field-effect transistor" (IGFET). All MOSFETs are MISFETs, but not all MISFETs are MOSFETs. The insulator in a MISFET is a dielectric which can be silicon oxide (in a MOSFET), but other materials can also be employed. The generic term for the dielectric is gate dielectric, since the dielectric lies directly below the gate electrode and above the channel of the MISFET. The term "metal" is used for the gate material, even though it is usually polysilicon or some other nonmetal.

</doc>
<doc id="9795208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795208" title="Sean Murray">
Sean Murray

Sean Murray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9795213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795213" title="Condition of England question">
Condition of England question

The "Condition of England Question" was a phrase coined by Thomas Carlyle in 1839 to describe the conditions of the English working-class during the Industrial Revolution.
The division of society and the poverty of the majority began to dominate the minds of the most intelligent and imaginative people outside of politics following the 1832 Reform Act. They called this the "Condition of England Question." This was closely linked to a growing sense of anger at the culture of amateurism in official circles which produced this misery. The question preoccupied both Whigs and Tories. The historian John Prest has written that the early 1840s witnessed "the middle of structural changes in the economy, which led many to question whether the country had taken a wrong turning. Would manufacturing towns ever be loyal? Was poverty eating up capital? Was it safe to depend upon imports for food and raw materials? Could the fleet keep the seas open? Or should government encourage emigration and require those who remained behind to support themselves by spade husbandry? These were the ‘condition of England’ questions".

</doc>
<doc id="9795225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795225" title="List of contestants from the UK national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest">
List of contestants from the UK national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest

Shows of similar formats have previously gone under several other names, including "Festival Of British Popular Songs", "Eurovision Song Contest British Final", "A Song For Europe", "The Great British Song Contest", "Eurovision: Making Your Mind Up" and "Eurovision: Your Decision". As of 2011, the selection process has been replaced by an internal BBC decision. 
This page lists the contestants for each year of the show; the winners of the contest are in bold-italics.
Competition.
In 1957, 1959 and 1960, there were a series of televised heats prior to the final.
Postcard voting was used to choose the winner from 1965–1975. This had to be abandoned in 1971 due to a postal strike, with regional juries, made up of ordinary members of the public selecting the winner. Juries did the job from 1957–1964 and from 1976–1987. From 1988 onwards, televoting has been organized ostensibly to choose the winner, although this result wasn't always followed.
Festival Of British Popular Songs (1957).
1957
With Panellists/Judges: John Barrowman & Carrie Grant
With Judge: Pete Waterman and Panellists: Bruno Tonioli, Jade Ewen & Mike Stock<br>
Voting: Three singing acts - Miss Fitz, Uni5 and Karen Harding - were eliminated by judge Pete Waterman. Viewers voted by telephone for their favourite of the three remaining acts. No details of the scoring was given.
Internal selection (2011–2014).
2011<br>
There was no televised selection procedure for the 2011 UK Eurovision entrant. Blue were selected to represent Britain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 internally by the BBC, with the song "I Can", written by Duncan James, Lee Ryan, Ciaron Bell, Ben Collier, Ian Hope, Liam Keenan and 'StarSign'. In place of a national final, a one hour documentary following the groups preparations for Germany, entitled "Eurovision: Your Country Needs Blue" was broadcast by BBC One on 16 April 2011.
2012<br>
For the second year, no televised selection procedure took place. Engelbert Humperdinck was selected internally by the BBC to perform ""Love Will Set You Free"". The song is written by Grammy award-winning producer Martin Terefe and Ivor Novello winner Sacha Skarbek, who co-wrote James Blunt hit "You're Beautiful".
2013<br>
An internal selection followed again in 2013, with Bonnie Tyler being chosen to represent the UK with the song ""Believe In Me"", written and composed by Desmond Child, Lauren Christy and Chris Braide.
2014<br>
Another internal selection followed in 2014, with Molly being chosen to represent the UK with the song ""Children of the Universe"", co-written by herself and Swedish producer Anders Hansson. However, Smitten-Downes was a relatively unknown artist who was discovered through the BBC Introducing platform.
UK singles chart successes.
"Only tracks that have appeared in the official Top 75 (and later Top 100) are included"
"*" Technically not a hit as the UK chart has only ever officially recorded a Top 75 for singles. The positions 76–100 at this time were only for releases that had not yet appeared in the Top 75, but were 'bubbling under' the Top 75.
From 1964–1975, the runner up in the UK heat was featured as the B-side of the winning single (both runners-up in 1971). The remaining two songs from 1973 were on the B-side of "Help It Along/Tomorrow Rising" in 1973. A cover version of "Songs Of Praise" from the 1972 contest was featured as the B-side of "Dear Elaine", a #18 hit in 1973 for the song's composer, Roy Wood.
UK extended play chart successes.
EP chart discontinued after 1967
Top Ten hits in Bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9795227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795227" title="Money for All">
Money for All

Money for All is a 2007 release by the band Nine Horses, featuring David Sylvian, Steve Jansen and Burnt Friedman. The album includes three new songs: "Money for All," "Get the Hell Out," and "Birds Sing for Their Lives." The others are remixes.
Track listing.
All lyrics by David Sylvian except "Birds Sing for Their Lives" by Stina Nordenstam; all music by Sylvian and Burnt Friedman except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9795234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795234" title="The Citadella, Gozo">
The Citadella, Gozo

The Citadella, also known as the Citadel is a historic fortified city or castle which lies in the heart of Victoria, Gozo, Malta. The Citadella is on Malta's tentative list of future World Heritage Sites by UNESCO, who describe it as a small fortified town.
The area is known to have been first fortified during the Bronze Age c. 1500 BC. It was later developed by the Phoenicians and continued development until, by Roman times, it had become a complex Acropolis. During the Middle Ages it was known as the "Gran Castello". Up until Fort Chambray was built in the 18th century it was the only fortified refuge against attack for the inhabitants of the island.
The northern side of the Citadel dates back to the period of the Crown of Aragon. The massive defensive stone walls of the fortifications which rise above the town and were built to protect the village communities from foraging corsairs attempting to take slaves and threatening invasion of Muslim forces fighting Christendom. In July 1551 an Ottoman force under Dragut attacked the Citadel, which succumbed with little resistance. The entire population of Gozo, which numbered to about 5000 to 6000 people, had taken refuge within its walls, and they were all taken as slaves except for about 300 people who managed to climb down the walls and escape. Large parts of the castle were reduced to ruins in the attack and the southern walls were rebuilt between 1599 and 1603 by the Order of Saint John.
Within its walls lies a fine 17th century baroque Cathedral designed by Lorenzo Gafà, the Maltese architect who also built the Cathedral of Mdina. It is said that it lies on the site where a Roman temple dedicated to Juno once stood. It is most famous for the remarkable trompe l'oeil painting on its ceiling, which depicts the interior of a dome that was never built. There is another church dedicated to St Joseph and a chapel known as Saint Barbara within the Walls. In the latter various people are buried, including Vittorio Cassar, the son of the famous architect Girolamo Cassar.
The Old Prison is located within the citadel, as are the Courts of Justice.
The northern part of the Citadella now lies in ruins, while the southern section where the cathedral is located is intact. The walls were recently restored to their former glory.

</doc>
<doc id="9795243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795243" title="Wisdom of Children">
Wisdom of Children

"Wisdom of Children" (also translated as "Little Girls Wiser than Men") is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885. It takes the form of a parable about forgiveness.
Synopsis.
The story opens at the beginning of Holy Week, when there was still melting snow on the ground. An older girl, Akulya, and a younger girl, Malasha, go outside to play. They both have just been given new frocks, but they insist on wading through one of the puddles from the melting snow. They both take off their shoes to keep them dry, and Akulya warns Malasha against splashing the water on her new frock. Malasha splashes Akulya despite her warning, and Akulya runs home in tears. Her mother is furious at the ruined frock, and she spanks Malasha in the middle of the street. Soon Malasha's mother emerges from her home, and the mothers begin arguing. The shouts brought the peasants into the street, who also begin arguing with each other. The peasants start pushing each other, and Akulka's grandmother urges everyone to stop, but to no avail.
In the meantime, Akulya had washed off her frock, and she and Malasha returned to the pool. The two girls make a small boat out of bark, and they make a stream from the puddle. They go chasing after the boat together, as happy as ever. Akulya's grandmother urges everyone to follow the example of the children, and take their spirit of forgiveness into their own hearts.

</doc>
<doc id="9795255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795255" title="Forward measure">
Forward measure

In finance, a "T"-forward measure is a pricing measure absolutely continuous with respect to a risk-neutral measure but rather than using the money market as numeraire, it uses a bond with maturity "T". The use of the forward measure was pioneered by Farshid Jamshidian (1987), and later used as a means of calculating the price of options on bonds.
Mathematical definition.
Let
be the bank account or money market account numeraire and
be the discount factor in the market at time 0 for maturity "T". If formula_3 is the risk neutral measure, then the forward measure formula_4 is defined via the Radon–Nikodym derivative given by
Note that this implies that the forward measure and the risk neutral measure coincide when interest rates are deterministic. Also, this is a particular form of the change of numeraire formula by changing the numeraire from the money market or bank account "B"("t") to a "T"-maturity bond "P"("t","T"). Indeed, if in general
is the price of a zero coupon bond at time "t" for maturity "T", where formula_7 is the filtration denoting market information at time "t", then we can write 
from which it is indeed clear that the forward "T" measure is associated to the "T"-maturity zero coupon bond as numeraire. For a more detailed discussion see Brigo and Mercurio (2001).
Consequences.
The name "forward measure" comes from the fact that under the forward measure, forward prices are martingales, a fact first observed by Geman (1989) (who is responsible for formally defining the measure). Compare with futures prices, which are martingales under the risk neutral measure. Note that when interest rates are deterministic, this implies that forward prices and futures prices are the same.
For example, the discounted stock price is a martingale under the risk-neutral measure:
The forward price is given by formula_10. Thus, we have formula_11 
by the abstract Bayes' rule. The last term is equal to unity by definition of the bond price so that we get

</doc>
<doc id="9795291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795291" title="The Bronze Eagle">
The Bronze Eagle

Written by Baroness Orczy and first published in 1915, "The Bronze Eagle: A Story of the Hundred Days", is a romance set in France following the period of the Revolution and the expulsion of the Bourbons. Its central plot lies in the intrigues of their followers and those of Napoleon Bonaparte.
The novel was also published serially under the title of "Waterloo".
Plot summary.
Crystal, the only daughter of the old, long-exiled haughty royalist, the Comte de Cambray, is on the eve of betrothal to de Marmont, (secretly an ardent Bonapartist).
Bobby Clyffurde, the Englishman, who is in love with Crystal, confronts Victor de Marmont about why he is pretending to be a royalist. De Marmont replies that he has never led the Comte to suppose anything, the Comte has merely taken de Marmont’s political convictions for granted.
As if two potential suitors weren’t enough, Crystal has yet another admirer, Maurice de St. Genis, whose impecunious state (her father sees him as a penniless, out-at-elbows, good for nothing) has precluded him from obtaining her hand in marriage.
Howeve at the moment of Crystal’s betrothal to de Marmont, Maurice finally gets his revenge upon his rival. Once the guests have assembled for the ceremony, there is a disturbance from the end of the corridor and St. Genis enters the room, his rough clothes and muddy boots providing a contrast to the immaculate get-up of the Comte’s guests. Looking flushed and clutching his cane he announces that he has only come to avert the awful catastrophe that is about to fall on the Comte and his family.
At the young man’s ominous words, M. le Comte goes pale and demands to know what catastrophe could be worse than twenty years of exile?
""An alliance with a traitor, M. le Comte"" he replies.
St. Genis goes on to accuse his rival of pinning Napoleon’s proclamation on the walls of Grenoble. Yet, rather than deny the accusation de Marmont defends his actions with fervor, pulling a copy of the declaration from his pocket and waving it at the assembled group while shouting “Vive l’Empereur”.
Despite the sudden rupture of her engagement, Crystal‘s heart is by no means broken, but it is not St. Genis who in the end wins her love, for we are left with the understanding that it is Clyffurde, the English merchant who eventually overrides the prejudices of the old French count.
Clyffurde laughingly asks Crystal’s aunt, Mme. la Duchesse
“"Do you think that if I promise never to buy or sell gloves again, but in future to try and live like a gentleman-he will consent?”"

</doc>
<doc id="9795315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795315" title="Chicago International Children's Film Festival">
Chicago International Children's Film Festival

In 1983, Facets Multi-Media founded the Chicago International Children's Film Festival (CICFF), the first competitive festival of films for children in the U.S. The impetus for the Festival came from a need to introduce new, culturally diverse films for children to American children's audiences, and to recognize excellence in children's filmmaking. In addition, the Festival sought to empower children by involving them directly in the jurying process. From its inception, the Festival has had independent juries of children and adult media professionals awarding prizes in multiple categories.
The Chicago International Children’s Film Festival is the largest annual festival of films for children (ages 2–16) in the world, programming 250 films and videos from 40 countries. With 25,000 children, adults and educators and over 100 filmmakers, programmers and celebrities each year, the Festival is one of the only Academy Award-qualifying children's film festivals. The Festival is held every October at various theatrical venues around Chicago, Illinois.
Activities.
Facets Children's Programs feature year-round screenings for parents and groups, presenting unique multicultural short films for children as catalysts for improving fundamental skills such as literacy, writing, critical thinking and inference. 
Dream Screen is a workshop that teaches children to create their own stories and to animate them using drawn and cutout animation. Students from underserved communities participate in all aspects of video production: writing and storyboarding, drawing, art making, and camerawork.

</doc>
<doc id="9795359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795359" title="Jair García">
Jair García

Jair García Gamboa (born 25 October 1978) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a forward. As of 2011/12 he is playing for Merida F.C., on loan from his parent club Puebla.
Garcia started his career with Monterrey, making his debut against Tigres in the Mexican Primera División on 27 February 1999. In 2000 he moved to Chivas Guadalajara, and then joined Puebla for the Clausura 2004 season. He subsequently had top-level spells with Santos Laguna (2005–06), Atlas (2007) and Cruz Azul (2008).
Prior to joining Lobos he played for Cruz Azul Hidalgo (2009 and 2010–11) and Indios de Ciudad Juárez (2010).
He made three appearances for the Mexico national football team between 2001 and 2002, scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="9795397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795397" title="In Love and War">
In Love and War

In Love and War may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9795408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795408" title="InterDistrict Downtown School">
InterDistrict Downtown School

InterDistrict Downtown School (IDDS) is an urban magnet school in the center of downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is a part of the WMEP (West Metro Education Program) School District, and teaches grades K-12. It has since been renamed Fair Downtown, and shifted towards an art focus like that of its sister school, the original FAIR School.
Its partner school is the FAIR School.
The new building received the international annual design award of the Council of Educational Facilities Planners International for 2000, the James D. MacConnell Award for outstanding new educational facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="9795423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795423" title="No-wandering-domain theorem">
No-wandering-domain theorem

In mathematics, the no-wandering-domain theorem is a result on dynamical systems, proven by Dennis Sullivan in 1985.
The theorem states that a rational map "f" : Ĉ → Ĉ with deg("f") ≥ 2 does not have a wandering domain, where Ĉ denotes the Riemann sphere. More precisely, for every component "U" in the Fatou set of "f", the sequence
will eventually become periodic. Here, "f" "n" denotes the "n"-fold iteration of "f", that is,
The theorem does not hold for arbitrary maps; for example, the transcendental map formula_3 has wandering domains. However, the result can be generalized to many situations where the functions naturally belong to a finite-dimensional parameter space, most notably to transcendental entire and meromorphic functions with a finite number of singular values.

</doc>
<doc id="9795424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795424" title="Chris Bala">
Chris Bala

Chris Bala (born September 24, 1978) is a retired American professional ice hockey player.
Bala was drafted 58th overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft from Harvard University and managed to play six regular season games for the Senators during the 2001–02 NHL season, scoring one assist. He never managed to play another NHL game though, playing in the American Hockey League for most of his career. He was contracted to the Minnesota Wild and the Colorado Avalanche but never saw any ice time with those teams. He then played for the Reading Royals in the ECHL. He now works in the Admissions Office at The Hill School, his high school Alma Mater. Bala is a member of the prestigious BBM Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9795448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795448" title="GU10">
GU10

GU10 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9795477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795477" title="WEC 26">
WEC 26

WEC 26: Condit vs. Alessio was the second mixed martial arts event held by the World Extreme Cagefighting under Zuffa management. The event was held on March 24, 2007. "WEC 26" hosted three title fights on March 24. The first of the title fights was for the WEC Bantamweight Title, between challenger, Chase Beebe and champion, Eddie Wineland. The second of the title fights was for the WEC Featherweight Title, between challenger, Dominick Cruz and champion, Urijah Faber. The final title fight was for the vacant WEC Welterweight Title, between Carlos Condit and John Alessio.
Reported Payout.
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the Nevada State Athletic Commission. It does not include sponsor money or "locker room" bonuses often given by the WEC.
See also.
TapouT (TV series) – the Valencia-Banuelos fight is featured in the series' second episode.

</doc>
<doc id="9795481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795481" title="Don Benjamin">
Don Benjamin

Donald Benjamin is the producer of "Soap Sessions CDs" on Swirling Records. Swirling Records was distributed by Sony's Soap City Site for most of its run.
"Soap Sessions" featured singing actors from major daytime soap operas, like Days Of Our Lives, General Hospital and Passions to name a few. Soap Sessions was so popular that they were consulted for an MTV/VH1 article 
[http://www.vh1.com/news/articles/1454058/20020517/minogue_kylie.jhtml] as more and more Soap Opera fans became interested.
Benjamin, a former artist on Laurie Records, has worked with major television stars including, Kelly Ripa, Melina Kanakaredes, Kyle Lowder, Eric Martsolf, McKenzie Westmore, Nadia Bjorlin and Jillian Clare.
Soap Sessions is considered to be the Premier Series of Major Daytime Soap Opera Celebrities singing. Benjamin's website has well over 10 million hits over the last 4 years.
Don benjamin also appeared on Cycle 20 of America's Next Top Model

</doc>
<doc id="9795493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795493" title="Festival for Cinema of the Deaf">
Festival for Cinema of the Deaf

The Festival for Cinema of the Deaf was founded by Joshua Flanders who founded and ran the Chicago Institute for the Moving Image (CIMI), a not-for-profit film organization, and was the first deaf film festival in North America.
Their mission is to open the doors to the millions of deaf and hard-of-hearing people worldwide so they may enjoy and understand movies in the theater. They have created a forum for deaf writers, actors and directors to showcase their work under the heading of Deaf Cinema.
Chicago festivals were held consecutively in 2002, 2003, and 2004, with CIMI-led deaf film festivals held in Tampa, Boston and Texas. Academy Award winning actress Marlee Matlin hosted the 2004 Festival.
Outreach Programs.
In addition to film screenings, CIMI's mission includes extensive outreach programs aimed at making the world of motion pictures more accessible to children of all backgrounds. Their programs include animation workshops, motivational speaking and classroom visits, as well as special free screenings for kids.
The Festival for Cinema of the Deaf worked to promote accessibility in theaters, encouraging captioned films for deaf and hard-of-hearing audiences. They also encouraged theaters to show captioned or subtitled films, in addition to promoting the works of deaf artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9795496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795496" title="Mike Current">
Mike Current

Michael "Mike" Current (September 17, 1945 – January 16, 2012) was an American football collegiate and professional offensive lineman in the 1960s and '70s.
Career.
College.
A native of Lima, Ohio, Current played left tackle for the Ohio State Buckeyes under head coach Woody Hayes. After backing up All American Jim Davidson as a sophomore, Current became a starter as a junior in 1965. Prior to his senior year, he was named a team co-captain, along with defensive back John Fill and center Ray Pryor.
Professional.
Current was selected in the third round of the 1967 AFL/NFL common draft by the American Football League's Denver Broncos. He was traded to the AFL's Miami Dolphins where he played for two games before being traded back to the Broncos. He played with the AFL Broncos from 1967 through 1969 and for the NFL Broncos from 1970 through 1975. He was picked up by the NFL Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the 1976 veteran allocation draft, and returned to the NFL Dolphins from 1977 through 1979.
Personal life.
Current had three sons, Justin Current who currently lives in Aurora, CO and works for Arrow in the Denver Tech Center, JT Current who lives in New Berlin, WI and works for 1st Advantage Mortgage a Draper and Kramer Company, and Anthony Current who lives in Des Moines, IA. Current filed for bankruptcy Nov. 29, 2010, listing his home in the 500 block of Lone Oak Loop in Silverton as an asset. According to the filing, he owed between $500,000 and $1 million. A federal order filed this month authorized a bank to foreclose on his home in Silverton. He also owned a home in Silverton, in Marion County, Oregon, that was in foreclosure at the time of his death. Current previously resided in Silverton starting in 2002 where he was a bus driver from 2003 until 2010 and a Pop Warner Football coach. He wrote two books, "Rememberin' Life in the Trenches" and "Bush Justice", which were both self-published.
Death.
On Monday January 16, 2012, Current died after committing suicide by shooting himself in the head with a 20 gauge shotgun at the scenic outlook at Baskett Slough National Wildlife Refuge near Dallas, Oregon. Current was accused of sexually assaulting three victims, two girls and one boy all 14 or younger, at least five times between 2004 and 2010 in Marion County, Oregon. He allegedly used pornography, such as videos and photos, to elicit sex from the children.
On Tuesday January 17, 2012, Current was set to enter a plea on the charges. He faced a minimum of six years and three months for each of the five sex-abuse charges, a total of more than 30 years without parole, and no chance at reduced time. The Silverton Police Department had been looking into Current since June 17 and were investigating the possibility of other victims. Tara Lawrence, the attorney for the vicitms, indicated that she would be pursuing justice through the civil courts since Current's suicide did not allow the victims to get their day in court. "Our hope is that with Current's death, any additional victims may feel empowered to break their silence and speak out about their own abuse," Lawrence said.

</doc>
<doc id="9795508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795508" title="Trident loop">
Trident loop

The Trident loop is a fixed loop knot. It can jam when heavily loaded. It was proposed as a replacement for the Figure-of-eight loop for use in climbing by Robert M. Wolfe, MD, who developed it as a loop form of Ashley's bend. While some tests indicate its strength lies somewhere between the weaker Bowline and stronger Figure-of-eight loop, the Trident loop shows exceptional resistance to slipping in shock-loading tests.

</doc>
<doc id="9795529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795529" title="Albinus of Angers">
Albinus of Angers

Saint Albinus of Angers () (c. 470 – March 1, 550) was a French abbot and bishop. Born to a noble Gallo-Roman family at Vannes, Brittany, St. Albinus was a monk and from 504 C.E. Abbot of Tintillac (which no longer stands; its location has not been satisfactorily identified). His reputation spread during the twenty-five years in which he served as abbot. In 529, St. Albinus was elected, against his wishes, Bishop of Angers.
Episcopate.
He campaigned against incestuous weddings, such as those that occurred between members of the nobility. He participated in the Third Council of Orléans (538) after King Childebert granted permission for this council to take place. Albinus sought advice from St. Caesarius of Arles after seeing laxity in other bishops.
Tradition states that he helped all in distress, using diocesan funds to free hostages from pirates. Another tradition states that he clashed with King Childebert, who had imprisoned a woman called Etherie, from Douille near Angers. Unable to secure her release Albinus visited her in prison, and the soldier who tried to resist him fell dead at his feet. This so impressed the king that he allowed St. Albinus to bail her out.
Another legend relates that St. Albinus once prayed far into the night for some men imprisoned in the Tower of Angers. Suddenly a great stone collapsed from the wall, allowing their escape.
Death and burial.
St. Albinus died in 550 and was buried in the church of Saint-Pierre at Angers. In 556, a church was dedicated to him and his body was buried in its crypt. Near this church an abbey arose, called "Saint-Aubin".
Veneration.
St. Gregory of Tours remarks on the cult of St. Albinus, which later became diffused in Germany, England, and Poland, making St. Albinus a popular saint during the Middle Ages. 
Churches were dedicated to him right across the continent as far as Poland, and he was sometimes seen as the patron saint for protection from pirate attack. This may have been based on the tradition that he bought back parishioners who had been taken captive by pirates sailing up the Loire river. Later the tradition was reinforced by a miracle recorded in the 10th century, when the walled town of Guérande, near the mouth of the Loire, prayed to St. Albinus for help and found their attackers miraculously defeated.
In the Middle Ages, Nicholas Belfort notably wrote describing miracles performed at the tomb of St. Aubin after the year 1000 AD. Belfort was a Regular Canon in the monastery of St John the Baptist by the city of Soissons.
Thus, his fame increased and many coastal villages chose Aubin as their patron saint. Presumably this is the reason why St. Aubin in Jersey bears his name, preserving the name of an ancient chapel that has long since disappeared. St. Aubin is venerated there in the Anglican church of St Aubin on the Hill. (See Saint-Aubin for other places named for him.) 
St. Albinus' feast day is celebrated on March 1.
References.
THE LIFE OF ST. AUBIN by Venantius Fortunatus, translated by John Dodd
THE MIRACLES OF ST AUBIN by Nicholas Belfort, translated by John Dodd
THE LIFE OF ST AUBIN - DETAILS ON SOURCES by John Dodd

</doc>
<doc id="9795530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795530" title="Relative risk reduction">
Relative risk reduction

In epidemiology, the relative risk reduction is a measure calculated by dividing the absolute risk reduction by the control event rate.
The relative risk reduction can be more useful than the absolute risk reduction in determining an appropriate treatment plan, because it accounts not only for the effectiveness of a proposed treatment, but also for the relative likelihood of an incident (positive or negative) occurring in the absence of treatment.
Like many other epidemiological measures, the same equations can be used to measure a benefit or a harm (although the signs may need to be adjusted, depending upon how the data was collected.)

</doc>
<doc id="9795543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795543" title="Greg Hay">
Greg Hay

Gregory Robert Hay (born 14 July 1984 in Rotorua) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for the Central Districts and for Nelson in the Hawke Cup competition. After scoring 98 on first-class debut, he went on to continue scoring runs for the Stags, scoring 55 on List A debut. His sustained form at a young age suggest a rare ability, although it has yet to catch the favour of national selectors, who are on the lookout for long term replacements in the Test team in the wake of the recent retirements of Astle, McMillan and Scott Styris, who continues to play ODIs.

</doc>
<doc id="9795550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795550" title="Gaboto">
Gaboto

Gaboto (often referred to as Puerto Gaboto) is a town ("comuna") in the southeast of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It has 2,617 inhabitants per the . The town lies south of the provincial capital, by the Coronda River, and immediately north of the mouth of the Carcarañá River (both are tributaries of the Paraná River).
The town's name is an homage to Sebastian Cabot, one of the first explorers of the area, who established the fort of Espíritu Santo near Gaboto's location in 1527 — the first Spanish settlement in present-day Argentina.
Gaboto was founded in 1891. It was a site of economical importance due to its port, which has a natural depth of 9 to 11 m, but in the 1930s trade began declining, and the pier was dismantled in 1945. The area is still important as a fishing location for certain species such as the golden dorado ("Salminus brasiliensis").

</doc>
<doc id="9795560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795560" title="First Nigerian Republic">
First Nigerian Republic

The First Republic was the republican government of Nigeria between 1963 and 1966 governed by the first republican constitution.
Founding (1963).
Although Nigeria gained partial independence from Britain on October 1 1960, it was not totally independent until 1963 when the Declaration of Independence was signed.
The name “Nigeria” is derived from the word “Niger” – the name of the river that constitutes the most remarkable geographical feature of the country. Nigeria is a country of 923,768 square kilometers, bound to the west by Benin, to the north by the Niger and Chad Republic, east by the Republic of Cameroon, and south by the Gulf of Guinea. The country gained independence from the British government on Oct. first 1960, and became a republic in 1963. The journey to independence started with some constitutional developments, these constitutional developments saw the country attaining self-rule in some quarters in 1957 and total liberation on Oct. 1st 1960.
Politics.
The country was split into three geopolitical regions—Western Region, Eastern Region and Northern Region—and its political parties took on the identities and ideologies of each region. The Northern People's Party (NPC) represented the interests of the predominantly Hausa/Fulani Northern Region], the National Council of Nigeria and the Cameroons (NCNC)] (later renamed to "National Council of Nigerian Citizens") represented the predominantly Igbo Eastern Region, and the Action Group (AG) dominated the Yoruba Western Region. The NPC took control of the federal parliament, and formed a coalition government with the NCNC. Undisputed Nigerian strong-man Ahmadu Bello, the Sardauna of Sokoto, leader of the NPC, was poised to become the Prime Minister, but instead he chose to become the Premier of the Northern Region, and supported his deputy Tafawa Balewa's candidacy for Prime Minister. This raised suspicions amongst the southern politicians, who resented the idea of a federal government controlled by a regional leader through his designated proxy. In the end, Tafawa Balewa of NPC was named Prime Minister and Head of Government, and Nnamdi Azikiwe of NCNC was named President. 
At Nigeria's independence, the Northern Region gained more seats in parliament than both Eastern and Western regions combined—this would cement Northern dominance in Nigerian politics for years to come. Resentment amongst southern politicians precipitated into political chaos in the country. Obafemi Awolowo, Premier of Western Region, was charged with sedition and convicted in a controversial trial. With incarceration of Awolowo, Samuel Akintola was elected as the Premier of Western Region. Because Akintola was an ally of Ahmadu Bello, the undisputed strong man of Nigeria, Akintola was criticized as being a tool of the North. As premier of the West, Akintola presided over the most chaotic era in Western Region—one which earned it the nickname "the Wild-Wild West". However, as late as Thursday, January 13, 1966, Balewa had announced that the federal government was not going to intervene in the West. However, the very next day, Akintola, premier of the West met with his ally and Nigeria's undisputed strong-man Ahmadu Bello, the Sardauna of Sokoto, premier of the North and party boss of NPC party to which Balewa belonged. At the same time a top-level security conference in Lagos was taking place which was attended by most of the country's senior army officiers. All of this activity created rumors that the Balewa government would be forced to crack down on lawlessness in the West using military might.
Notable politicians.
Chief S.A Ajayi OFR (Federal Minister of Interior, minister of Forestry(state)
The coup.
The political unrest during the mid-1960s culminated into Nigeria's first military coup d'état. On 15 January 1966, Major Chukwuma Kaduna Nzeogwu and his fellow rebel soldiers (most of who were of southern extraction) and were led by Major Emmanuel Ifeajuna of the Nigerian Army, executed a bloody takeover of all institutions of government. Prime Minister Tafawa Balewa, was assassinated along with the premier of Northern Nigeria, strong-man Ahmadu Bello the Sardauna of Sokoto, Samuel Akintola, premier of the West and Festus Okotie-Eboh, the Finance Minister. [http://www.nigerdeltacongress.com/farticles/festus_samuel_okotie_eboh.htm]. It is not clear whether President Azikiwe's life was spared because he was out of the country at the time, or whether he had been informed about the impending coup and was out of the country so that his life could be spared. Major-General Johnson Aguiyi-Ironsi took control as the first Head of the Federal Military Government of Nigeria on January 16, 1966.
Civil war and beyond: 1966-1979.
The republic would be torn by the secession of Biafra and the ensuing civil war from 1966-1970. After Biafra was overrun and the nation re-unified, military rule continued for another nine years, implementing Nigerianization of foreign businesses. Eventually, elections were held in 1979 leading the way to the Nigerian Second Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="9795566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795566" title="Omnio">
Omnio

Omnio is the second full-length album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band In the Woods... It was released on October 14, 1997, through Misanthropy Records.
Notes.
The titles of the three tracks "Omnio? – Pre", "Omnio? – Bardo", and "Omnio? – Post" are related. "Pre" is a prefix used to say "before", "Bardo" is a Tibetan word for "intermediate state", and "Post" is a prefix meaning "after".
At around 6:00 of "Omnio? – Pre", female voices can be heard singing in French. The lyrics of this portion of the song are not listed in the album, however the words ""j'espère que tous les autres"" (meaning "I hope that everyone else") can be heard multiple times. The following three syllables are hard to understand.
In the booklet lyrics of "Weeping Willow", all the text is in lower case except for a bunch of letters. The content (if any) of this cryptographic message is still unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9795585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795585" title="Southern Evangelical Seminary">
Southern Evangelical Seminary

Southern Evangelical Seminary is a Christian college in Matthews, North Carolina near Charlotte. The seminary was established in 1992 by Norman Geisler and Ross Rhoads. The college, Southern Evangelical Bible College (SEBC) was established in 2004. SES has also been a member organization of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability since 1999. 
History.
Southern Evangelical Seminary was founded in 1992 by Ross Rhoads, former evangelist and then Pastor of Calvary Church in Charlotte and Norman Geisler, theologian and Christian apologist/theologian. Rhoads’ burden for evangelism and Geisler's concern to defend the Faith combined in the two-fold vision of the seminary to evangelize the world and to defend the historic Christian Faith. It was officially incorporated in the State of North Carolina on January 6, 1992. Ross Rhoads was appointed as the first President of the Seminary. Norman Geisler would assume the presidency and remain in that position until 2006.
By May 4, 1992 SES had obtained permission from the State of North Carolina to offer a Seminary program with degrees, as provided for under North Carolina General Statutes Section (G.S.) 116-15 (d). Preparation began to develop a faculty, catalog, and library. The first classes began in September 1992. The Seminary grew rapidly, attracting students from all over the United States and several other countries.
The first graduate received his degree in 1995.
In late summer of 1997 the Seminary moved to 4298 McKee Road, Charlotte, NC to property graciously provided by McKee Road Baptist Church.
On February 27, 1998 Southern Evangelical Seminary was granted Candidate Status by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools (TRACS), a national accrediting association recognized by the United States government. It is accredited by TRACS.
In March 1999 Southern Evangelical Seminary was accepted as a member organization of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability (ECFA) certifying that it has met all standards of financial integrity and Christian ethics.
On March 2, 2001 Southern Evangelical Seminary was granted accreditation by TRACS and started the Doctor of Ministry Program.
In the late summer of 2003 Southern Evangelical Seminary completed the building of its own facility on a ten and one-half acre lot located at 3000 Tilley Morris Road, Matthews, NC.
In the Fall of 2004 Southern Evangelical Bible College was established to offer students the opportunity to complete an undergraduate degree.
On April 7, 2006 it was announced that evangelist-apologist Alex McFarland would become its new president. A graduate of Liberty University, Alex McFarland earned a B.S. and M.A. in Christian Thought / Apologetics, and was awarded an honorary D.Div. from SES in May 2006.
In Spring of 2007 the Veritas Graduate School of Apologetics at SES was approved to offer the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree.
In the Spring of 2008, a facility was added, which doubled the library, tripled the bookstore, and provided more classroom space for students in the growing residency program.
In July 2013, Richard Land, the former head of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission, was installed as SES' president.
Faculty.
SES (& SEBC) faculty includes Barry Leventhal, Thomas Howe, Richard Howe, Daniel Janosik, William Dembski, J. T. Bridges, Ted Wright, Brian Huffling, Doug Potter, and Christina Woodside.
SES Adjunct faculty includes Gary Habermas, Dave Beck, Wayne Detzler, Elliot Johnson, Gary Phillips, Kenneth Baker, Michael Brown, David Russ, Frank Turek, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9795586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795586" title="Janet Nguyen">
Janet Nguyen

Janet Q. Nguyen (born 1976) is the County Supervisor from the First District of Orange County, California. She won her seat following a historic special election where two Vietnamese-American candidates received half of the total votes cast in a field of 10, separated from each other by only 7 votes. She was sworn in on March 27, 2007, after a lengthy court battle. She won a full, four-year term in 2008 in another historic election when all three major candidates were Vietnamese Americans. She was reelected to a third term in 2012.
She is the youngest person to be elected to the board of supervisors, the first woman to be elected from the First District, and the first Vietnamese-American county supervisor in the United States. Prior to her election to the Board of Supervisors, she served as a city council member for the City of Garden Grove.
Personal life.
Nguyen was born in Saigon, Vietnam. Her family joined millions of others in becoming boat people when she was five, coming to California in 1981. They first lived in San Bernardino, but settled in Garden Grove in early 1990s. She attended the University of California, Irvine, at first to become a doctor but later majored in political science after she was inspired by then-Supervisor Bill Steiner. She is married to Tom Bonikowski.
Special Election 2007.
The election of Supervisor Lou Correa to the California State Senate in the 2006 election left his supervisorial seat vacant. Ten candidates filed for the seat in the February 6, 2007 special election, including three Vietnamese Americans, who were all Republicans. While the 1st District Supervisorial seat is officially non-partisan, the leading candidate was California State Assemblyman Tom Umberg (who had just left office two months before), a Democrat who had the full support of the labor unions. While the Republican Party did not officially endorse a candidate, most party leaders were backing Carlos Bustamante.
With three Vietnamese-American candidates, the large Vietnamese-American community who comprise a quarter of registered voters in the First District was galvanized. Janet Nguyen's main opponent, Garden Grove Unified School District Trustee Trung Nguyen, had the support of State Assemblyman Van Tran. Issues that the candidates discussed included illegal immigration to the United States, one that county supervisors do not have the authority to affect.
The debate was more heated within the Vietnamese-American community, with accusations flying back and forth between the two Nguyen camps. Trung Nguyen was insulted as a "fob" and his campaign photoshopped Trung Nguyen in a photo next to Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger while Janet Nguyen was criticized for not being fluent in Vietnamese. Pundits speculated that the three Vietnamese-American candidates would split the Vietnamese-American vote, allowing Umberg to easily win the election.
With high absentee voter turnout among the Vietnamese-American community, it became clear on election night that Janet Nguyen and Trung Nguyen were leading. Umberg and Bustamante were in third and fourth place, respectively, and quickly conceded defeat. At the end of the night, Janet Nguyen was leading by 52 votes. When all the votes were counted on the following day, however, Trung Nguyen was leading by seven votes. Janet Nguyen requested a recount, and the final result was 10,919 votes for Janet Nguyen and 10,912 votes for Trung Nguyen. Janet Nguyen was certified the winner.
However, Trung Nguyen's lawyers filed lawsuit challenging the recount, alleging that the Registrar of Voters improperly voided votes for him and awarded votes to Janet Nguyen in the recount. The Board of Supervisors postpone inaugurating Janet Nguyen pending the lawsuit. On March 26, she was named the winner, winning by just 3 votes. She was sworn into office on March 27, 2007.
After losing the lawsuit in the Orange County Superior Court, Trung Nguyen's lawyers filed an appeal to the California District Court of Appeals. The District Court of Appeals ruled against Trung Nguyen and upheld the Superior Court's decision. Refusing to stop there, Trung Nguyen's lawyers filed an appeal to the California Supreme Court. The California Supreme Court denied to hear the appeal.
2008 election.
While special elections for Orange County Supervisor are decided by plurality vote, regular elections for Orange County Supervisor are decided by majority vote. Should no candidate capture a majority of the vote, then the top two candidates advance to a run-off election.
In light of the closeness of her initial election in 2007, it was widely expected that Janet Nguyen would be forced into a November 2008 run-off election. However, Janet Nguyen won 56.6% of the vote in the June 2008 election, avoiding a November run-off. Garden Grove Councilmember Dina Nguyen, a fellow Republican who received the strong support of Assemblyman Van Tran and his machine (including former candidate, Trung Nguyen), won only 27.7% of the vote while Democratic activist Hoa Van Tran won 15.7% of the vote.
A controversial vote.
The Orange County Board of Supervisors voted against proposed restaurant rating systems in December 2008. "Supervisor Janet Nguyen opposed any change to the system, saying restaurant owners already face "hundreds of regulations," according to the Los Angeles Times. [http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-ocrestaurants17-2008dec17,0,2378995.story]
It turned out that Nguyen had a reason to vote against the ratings. "Her husband and chief of staff are co-owners of a sandwich shop in Stanton and she reports income from her husband's food-related job on her public disclosure," according to the O.C. Register. [http://www.ocregister.com/articles/restaurant-nguyen-health-2259808-system-county]
Nguyen's husband, Tom Bonikowski, and Chief of Staff, Andrew Do, co-own a Lee's Sandwiches franchise, according to the Bolsavik blog. [http://bolsavik.com/?p=452]

</doc>
<doc id="9795598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795598" title="John Pickard (American actor)">
John Pickard (American actor)

John M. Pickard (June 25, 1913 – August 4, 1993) was an American actor who appeared primarily in television westerns.
Early life.
Pickard was born in Lascassas in Rutherford County, near Murfreesboro in central Tennessee. He graduated from the Nashville Conservatory in Nashville, Tennessee. His first acting roles were small parts in films, mostly uncredited, beginning in 1936 as a dueling soldier in the picture "Mary of Scotland", based on the 16th-century queen, Mary of Scotland.
From 1942 to 1946, Pickard served in the United States Navy, having been the model for naval recruitment posters during World War II.
Career.
Pickard returned to acting after the war and appeared in supporting roles in scores of westerns and action dramas before landing the starring role in the syndicated television series, "Boots and Saddles", set on an Arizona fort in the late 19th century. His second film role, also uncredited, came in John Wayne's "Wake of the Red Witch" (1948).
Pickard's first television guest-starring roles were in crime dramas in 1951 and 1952, respectively -- "Racket Squad", with Reed Hadley, and "Boston Blackie". In 1954, he guest starred on the legal drama, "The Public Defender", again with Reed Hadley. He was also cast on the syndicated western anthology series, "Stories of the Century", with Jim Davis, and later on Davis' other series, "Rescue 8", based on stories of the Los Angeles County Fire Department. Pickard appeared on "Hopalong Cassidy" and in 1956 on the CBS children’s western "My Friend Flicka". That same year he was cast in another anthology series, "Navy Log", and in an episode of Jack Webb's NBC series, "Dragnet". He appeared in a 1956 episode of the TV Series "The Lone Ranger" entitled "Trouble at Tylerville".
From 1957 to 1958, he filled the lead role of Captain Shank Adams on "Boots and Saddles", with episodes set in the Arizona Territory on a United States Army fort. Afterwards, Pickard guest starred in many more westerns including the role of the gunfighter Johnny Ringo on "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", starring Hugh O'Brian as Wyatt Earp.
Other appearances were on "Tales of the Texas Rangers", "Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theater", "Yancy Derringer", "Wagon Train", "Johnny Ringo", "Tales of Wells Fargo", "The Texan", "The Rebel", "Laramie", "The Rifleman", "Empire", "Rawhide", "The Wild Wild West", and "The Virginian". From 1960 to 1975, he appeared in twelve episodes of the long-running CBS western, "Gunsmoke", with James Arness, who in 1955 had beaten out Pickard for the series lead as Marshal Matt Dillon.
In 1959, Pickard was cast, uncredited, as a Mississippi River pirate in the episode "The Unwilling" of the NBC western series, "Riverboat", starring Darren McGavin and Burt Reynolds. In the story line, businessman Dan Simpson, played by Eddie Albert, attempts to open a general store in the American West despite a raid from river pirates who stole from him $20,000 in merchandise. Debra Paget is cast in this episode as Lela Russell, and Russell Johnson, as Darius.
In 1961, Pickard had brief recurring role of Sergeant Major Murdock in the short-lived CBS western "Gunslinger", starring Tony Young.
In addition to roles in westerns, Pickard also guest starred in several dramatic series. He made four appearances on "Perry Mason", all as law-enforcement officials. Other television series' include 
"Lassie", "Ben Casey", "Ironside", "", and "Cannon".
In 1969, he appeared as Frank Ross in another John Wayne film, "True Grit". Pickard's final on-screen appearances was in a 1987 episode of the CBS detective series, "Simon and Simon".
Death.
On August 4, 1993, Pickard, at the age of eighty, was killed by a bull on the family farm in Rutherford County, Tennessee. He was survived by his wife, Ann M. Pickard, and one adult child, three grandchildren, and numerous great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9795620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795620" title="Boundary Bald Mountain">
Boundary Bald Mountain

Boundary Bald Mountain is a mountain located in Somerset County, Maine, about southeast of the United States-Canada border with Quebec. Boundary Bald Mountain is flanked to the east by Ironbound Mountain, and to the west by Sandy Bay Mountain.
The north side of Boundary Bald Mountain drains via Alder Brook, Fish Brook, and Hale Brook (east to west) into the South Branch of the Penobscot River, then into the West Branch, the main stem of the Penobscot, and into Penobscot Bay. The south side of Boundary Bald Mountain drains via Churchill Stream, Upper Churchill Stream, and Heald Stream (east to west) into the Moose River, then into the Kennebec River, and into the Gulf of Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="9795632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795632" title="24th Mixed Brigade (Imperial Japanese Army)">
24th Mixed Brigade (Imperial Japanese Army)

The 24th Mixed Brigade was sent by the 12th Division from Japan to the Battle of Shanghai in 1932.
Sources.
Allentown, PA: 1981

</doc>
<doc id="9795647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795647" title="Community settlement (Israel)">
Community settlement (Israel)

A community locality (, "Yishuv Kehilati") is a type of town in Israel. While in an ordinary town anyone may buy property, in a "community locality" the town's residents, who are organized in a cooperative, can veto a sale of a house or a business to an undesirable buyer.
By this selection process, residents of a community locality may have a particular shared ideology, religious perspective, or desired lifestyle which they wish to perpetuate by accepting only like-minded individuals. For example, a family-oriented community settlement that wishes to avoid becoming a retirement community may choose to accept only young married couples as new residents.
Legal structure.
Legally, a community locality operates as a cooperative in which all residents must be members. To enforce the restrictions on reselling property, property on a community locality is formally not sold, but rather leased. The land of the entire locality is owned by one entity (usually the Jewish National Fund through the Israel Land Administration), which leases out individual plots only to members of the cooperative. In that sense, a community locality is much like a town-sized housing cooperative.
The residents cooperative may also own and operate property and businesses, and this is often used for keeping certain public facilities, such as preschool, synagogues, grocery stores, sport facilities, youth clubs, swimming pools, etc., in the hands of the entire community. However, unlike a kibbutz or a moshav, the economic cooperation between residents is very loose - most residents work outside the settlement, and residents only pay minimal property taxes to the cooperative to help maintain the town and its public facilities.
Note that despite a popular misconception, the mere existence of community-owned facilities is "not" what differentiates community localities from ordinary towns, as most ordinary towns also have the same types of facilities - preschool, synagogues, sport centers and sometimes even swimming pools - owned and operated by the town. Likewise, the mere existence of a democratic body of residents which makes decisions and organizes events for the whole community is "not" a defining feature of community settlements: Ordinary towns also have their own local governments which are democratically elected by their residents.
Most community localities are small, with no more than several hundred residents, and are therefore too small to form their own separate formal municipalities. Instead, the residents' cooperative is recognized by the state of Israel as a local committee. Several such local committees can, for example, form together a regional council, which is one of the three types of local government in Israel. In practice, the regional council often has more impact on the resident's life than the cooperative of their own locality: It is the regional council which will normally run schools, build roads, collect property taxes, and even run its own screening process.
Common features.
As explained above, what really sets apart a "community locality" from an ordinary town is its ability to select its residents. However, when one looks at the 150 or so community localities in Israel, more common features can be spotted in most, though not all, community localities. These common features include:
History and today.
The first community locality in Israel was Neve Monosson, in the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area which was established in 1953. Many Israeli localitys in the West Bank are set up as community localities; there are also many such communities in rural northern Israel.
Most community localities in Israel and the West Bank are relatively small, with a few hundred or thousand residents. Some communities are even smaller, with fewer than 30 residents. Some communities cater to specific populations, such as the Haredi town of Beitar Illit.
Controversy.
To permanently move to a community locality one must join the cooperative. An interview and acceptance process is often required to join the cooperative and move into the community.
The Association for Civil Rights in Israel has charged that this screening process is designed to deny membership to Arabs, and that sometimes Jews of specific ethnic or socio-economic groups are also discriminated against. Adalah – The Legal Center for Arab Minority Rights in Israel issued a press release: 
However, these communities are predominantly self-selective. Many communities are open and welcoming to all who wish to join their community.

</doc>
<doc id="9795674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795674" title="Blackbirds at Bangpleng">
Blackbirds at Bangpleng

Blackbirds at Bangpleng (, "Kawao tee Bangpleng" or, literally, "Cuckoos at Bangpleng") is a 1994 Thai science fiction horror film. Though it is based on a novel by the famous Thai writer and politician Kukrit Pramoj, the story closely mirrors "The Midwich Cuckoos" by John Wyndham, which itself was adapted into the 1960 film, "Village of the Damned".
Plot.
A village in rural Thailand is celebrating Loy Krathong, when the festivities are disrupted by the descent of a spaceship. Ray beams are fired from the craft and all the village's women find they are suddenly pregnant. Only a few hours later the women give birth. The alien offspring have the power to kill by just staring and they have an insatiable appetite for raw meat.

</doc>
<doc id="9795689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795689" title="The Broken Sword">
The Broken Sword

The Broken Sword is a fantasy novel written by Poul Anderson in 1954. It was issued in a revised edition by Ballantine Books as the twenty-fourth volume of their "Ballantine Adult Fantasy series" in January 1971. The original text was returned to print by Gollancz in 2002.
Plot.
The book tells the story of Skafloc, elven-fosterling and originally son of Orm the Strong. The story begins with the marriage of Orm the Strong and Aelfrida of the English. Orm kills a witch's family on the land and later half-converts to a Christian, but quarrels with the local priest and sends him off the land. Meanwhile, an elf named Imric, with the help of the witch, seeks to capture the newly born son of Orm. In his place, Imric leaves a changeling called Valgard. The real son of Orm is taken away to elven lands and named Skafloc by the elves who raise him. As the story continues, both Skafloc and Valgard have significant roles in the war between the trolls and the elves.
Reception.
Anthony Boucher praised the original edition as "a magnificent saga of the interplay of gods, demigods, faerie, heroes and men." Groff Conklin described the novel as "a rip-snorting, bloody, imitation-Norse epic containing all the elements of faerie". Michael Moorcock declared "The Broken Sword" superior to Tolkien, calling it "a fast-paced doom-drenched tragedy in which human heroism, love and ambition, manipulated by amoral gods, elves and trolls, led inevitably to tragic consequences."

</doc>
<doc id="9795692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795692" title="Estadio Francisco de la Hera">
Estadio Francisco de la Hera

Estadio Francisco de la Hera is a football stadium in Almendralejo, Spain. It is the home ground of CF Extremadura and Extremadura UD.
CF Extremadura’s first permanent ground was called Campo de Santa Aurora which was on Camino Alange. This was used from 1928 to 1935 when they moved the short distance to Campo Santa Elvira. In 1950, the idea of building a municipal stadium was formed. They moved to a plot of land adjacent to the proposed stadium and for just over one season played at the site called Los Cañizos. On 12 October 1951, CF Extremadura played Sevilla FC in the inaugural match at the new Estadio Francisco de la Hera. 
The stadium remained relatively unchanged until 1996, when it was demolished and a new stadium was built in the same place. The new Estadio Francisco de la Hera, built in 1996, has a seated capacity of 11,580.

</doc>
<doc id="9795706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795706" title="Bryan Goebel">
Bryan Goebel

Bryan Goebel (born October 15, 1961 in Kansas City, Kansas) is a professional bowler who currently resides in Shawnee, Kansas.
At the PBA Medford Open, held January 8–12, 2003, Goebel won his tenth PBA title, defeating Danny Wiseman 257-212. This victory made him eligible for inclusion into the PBA Hall of Fame.
Goebel's release style is that of a power stroker.
Goebel served as a color analyst for ESPN on a few broadcasts in the 1990s. He filled in for Marshall Holman in 1996 when Holman won his final PBA title.

</doc>
<doc id="9795736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795736" title="March Bandness">
March Bandness

March Bandness is a parody of the NCAA's annual National Men's Basketball Tournament. The term itself is a derivative of March Madness, a term often used in conjunction with the NCAA Tournament.
March Bandness is a marketing tool employed by radio stations across the United States to promote listener interaction. There is no specific format other than it pits 64 recording artists against each other in the same style as the NCAA Tournament. 
The choice of the bands may be arbitrary, or it could use a seeding system based on popularity with listeners, chart hits or a number of other parameters.
Those rewarded in the process may also differ. In some cases, artists, particularly if the focus is on local music, reap the benefit, whereas in others, the listeners are competing for prizes.
Examples (in order of longevity):
St. Louis Classic Rock's March Bandness Results (Classic Rock; 1995-1996 + 2002 to present)
The Buzz 94.7FM - Oklahoma City, OK (Modern Rock; 2003 to present)
KSHE 94.7FM - St. Louis, MO (Classic Rock; 2004 to present)
Atlanta Music Guide (local Battle of the Bands; 2005)
WCSX 94.7FM - Detroit, MI (Classic Rock; 2005 to present)
97 Rock- Buffalo, NY (Classic Rock; 2005 to present)

</doc>
<doc id="9795740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795740" title="Reaction engine">
Reaction engine

A reaction engine is an engine or motor which provides propulsion (thrust) by expelling reaction mass, in accordance with Newton's third law of motion. This law of motion is most commonly paraphrased as: "For every action force there is an equal, but opposite, reaction force".
Examples include both jet engines and rocket engines, and more uncommon variations such as Hall effect thrusters, ion drives, mass drivers and nuclear pulse propulsion.
Energy use.
Propulsive efficiency.
For all reaction engines which carry their propellant onboard prior to use (such as rocket engines and electric propulsion drives) some energy must go into accelerating the reaction mass.
Every engine will waste some energy, but even assuming 100% efficiency, the engine will need energy amounting to
(where M is the mass of propellent expended and formula_2 is the exhaust velocity), which is simply the energy to accelerate the exhaust.
Comparing the rocket equation (which shows how much energy ends up in the final vehicle) and the above equation (which shows the total energy required) shows that even with 100% engine efficiency, certainly not all energy supplied ends up in the vehicle - some of it, indeed usually most of it, ends up as kinetic energy of the exhaust.
Interestingly, if the formula_3 is fixed, for a mission delta-v, there is a particular formula_3 that minimises the overall energy used by the rocket. This comes to an exhaust velocity of about ⅔ of the mission delta-v (see the energy computed from the rocket equation). Drives with a specific impulse that is both high and fixed such as Ion thrusters have exhaust velocities that can be enormously higher than this ideal, and thus end up powersource limited and give very low thrust. Where the vehicle performance is power limited, e.g. if solar power or nuclear power is used, then in the case of a large formula_5 the maximum acceleration is inversely proportional to it. Hence the time to reach a required delta-v is proportional to formula_5. Thus the latter should not be too large.
On the other hand if the exhaust velocity can be made to vary so that at each instant it is equal and opposite to the vehicle velocity then the absolute minimum energy usage is achieved. When this is achieved, the exhaust stops in space and has no kinetic energy; and the propulsive efficiency is 100% all the energy ends up in the vehicle (in principle such a drive would be 100% efficient, in practice there would be thermal losses from within the drive system and residual heat in the exhaust). However in most cases this uses an impractical quantity of propellant, but is a useful theoretical consideration.
Some drives (such as VASIMR or electrodeless plasma thruster) actually can significantly vary their exhaust velocity. This can help reduce propellant usage and improve acceleration at different stages of the flight. However the best energetic performance and acceleration is still obtained when the exhaust velocity is close to the vehicle speed. Proposed ion and plasma drives usually have exhaust velocities enormously higher than that ideal (in the case of VASIMR the lowest quoted speed is around 15 km/s compared to a mission delta-v from high Earth orbit to Mars of about 4 km/s).
For a mission, for example, when launching from or landing on a planet, the effects of gravitational attraction and any atmospheric drag must be overcome by using fuel. It is typical to combine the effects of these and other effects into an effective mission delta-v. For example a launch mission to low Earth orbit requires about 9.3–10 km/s delta-v. These mission delta-vs are typically numerically integrated on a computer.
Cycle efficiency.
All reaction engines lose some energy, mostly as heat.
Different reaction engines have different efficiencies and losses. For example rocket engines can be up to 60-70% energy efficient in terms of accelerating the propellant. The rest is lost as heat and thermal radiation, primarily in the exhaust.
Oberth effect.
Reaction engines are more energy efficient when they emit their reaction mass when the vehicle is travelling at high speed.
This is because the useful mechanical energy generated is simply force times distance, and when a thrust force is generated while the vehicle moves, then:
where F is the force and d is the distance moved.
Dividing by length of time of motion we get:
Hence:
where P is the useful power and v is the speed.
Hence you want v to be as high as possible; and a stationary engine does no useful work.

</doc>
<doc id="9795742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795742" title="Spálené Poříčí">
Spálené Poříčí

Spálené Poříčí (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the South-East from the region capital of Plzeň. 
Spálené Poříčí is also a Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority serving within the Blovice Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9795760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795760" title="Old Hungarian Fairy Tales">
Old Hungarian Fairy Tales

Old Hungarian Fairy Tales was edited and translated from the Hungarian by Baroness Orczy (creator of the famous Scarlet Pimpernel series), in 1895.
The illustrations in the book were provided by her husband, Montagu Barstow, whom she married in 1894.
Stories include:

</doc>
<doc id="9795767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795767" title="Peloton (super computer)">
Peloton (super computer)

The Peloton Super Computer purchase is a program at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory intended to provide tera-flop computing capability using commodity Scalable Units (SUs). The Peloton RFP defines the system configurations.
Appro was awarded the contract for Peloton which includes the following machines:
All of the machines run the CHAOS variant of Red Hat Enterprise Linux and the Moab resource management system. Under the project management of John Lee, the team at Synnex, Voltaire, Supermicro and other suppliers, the scientists were able to dramatically reduce the amount of time it took to go from starting the cluster build to actually having hardware here at Livermore in production. In particular, it went from having 4 SUs on the floor on a Thursday, to bring 2 more SUs in for that final cluster and by Saturday, had all of them wired up, burned in, and running Linpack.

</doc>
<doc id="9795777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795777" title="Power transform">
Power transform

In statistics, the power transform is from a family of functions that are applied to create a rank-preserving transformation of data using power functions. This is a useful data transformation technique used to stabilize variance, make the data more normal distribution-like, improve the validity of measures of association such as the Pearson correlation between variables and for other data stabilization procedures.
Definition.
The power transformation is defined as a continuously varying function, with respect to the power parameter "λ", in a piece-wise function form that makes it continuous at the point of singularity ("λ" = 0). For data vectors ("y"1..., "y""n") in which each "y""i" > 0, the power transform is
where
is the geometric mean of the observations "y"1, ..., "y""n".
The inclusion of the ("λ" − 1)th power of the geometric mean in the denominator implies that the units of measurement do not change as "λ" changes. That makes it possible to compare sums of squares of residuals and choose the value of "λ" that minimizes that sum.
The value at "Y" = 1 for any "λ" is 0, and the derivative with respect to "Y" there is 1 for any "λ". Sometimes "Y" is a version of some other variable scaled to give "Y" = 1 at some sort of average value.
The transformation is a power transformation, but done in such a way as to make it continuous with the parameter "λ" at "λ" = 0. It has proved popular in regression analysis, including econometrics.
Box and Cox also proposed a more general form of the transformation that incorporates a shift parameter.
which holds if "y""i" + α > 0 for all "i". If τ("Y", λ, α) follows a truncated normal distribution, then "Y" is said to follow a Box–Cox distribution.
Box–Cox transformation.
The power transformation above is used by Box–Cox for calculating the profile likelihood function for "λ". However, the Box–Cox transformation itself is defined as
The transformation above does not require that formula_5.
Example.
The BUPA liver data set contains data on liver enzymes ALT and γGT. Suppose we are interested in using log(γGT) to predict ALT. A plot of the data appears in panel (a) of the figure. There appears to be non-constant variance, and a Box–Cox transformation might help.
The log-likelihood of the power parameter appears in panel (b). The horizontal reference line is at a distance of χ12/2 from the maximum and can be used to read off an approximate 95% confidence interval for λ. It appears as though a value close to zero would be good, so we take logs.
Possibly, the transformation could be improved by adding a shift parameter to the log transformation. Panel (c) of the figure shows the log-likelihood. In this case, the maximum of the likelihood is close to zero suggesting that a shift parameter is not needed. The final panel shows the transformed data with a superimposed regression line.
Note that although Box–Cox transformations can make big improvements in model fit, there are some issues that the transformation cannot help with. In the current example, the data are rather heavy-tailed so that the assumption of normality is not realistic and a robust regression approach leads to a more precise model.
Econometric application.
Economists often characterize production relationships by some variant of the Box–Cox transformation.
Consider a common representation of production "Q" as dependent on services provided by a capital stock "K" and by labor hours "N":
Solving for "Q" by inverting the Box–Cox transformation we find
which is known as the "constant elasticity of substitution (CES)" production function.
The CES production function is a homogeneous function of degree one.
When "λ" = 1, this produces the linear production function:
When "λ" → 0 this produces the famous Cobb–Douglas production function:
Activities and demonstrations.
The SOCR resource pages contain a number of hands-on interactive activities demonstrating the Box–Cox (Power) Transformation using Java applets and charts. These directly illustrate the effects of this transform on Q-Q plots, X-Y scatterplots, time-series plots and histograms.

</doc>
<doc id="9795797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795797" title="Gordon Muchall">
Gordon Muchall

Gordon Muchall (born 2 November 1982 in Newcastle upon Tyne) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right arm medium pace bowler. He has played for Durham for the entire duration of his career.
He made his first-class debut in 2002 for Durham against Middlesex. He has represented England Under-19's, and was a member of the first England Academy squad.
He was awarded his county cap in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9795798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795798" title="In Love and War (1958 film)">
In Love and War (1958 film)

In Love and War is a 1958 Cinemascope film based on a novel called "The Big War" by Anton Myrer and directed by Philip Dunne. 
Plot summary.
The film traces the progress of three Marines on shore leave during WWII, in the Pacific. One of the men is a gung-ho patriot (Jeffrey Hunter), the second (Robert Wagner) is a perennial goof-off, and the third (Bradford Dillman) hopes to prove his worth to his wealthy father.
Nico, Frankie and Alan come to San Francisco on a furlough from the war. Nico proposes to his pregnant girlfriend Andrea. A drunken Frankie fights with Charlie Stanton, his hateful stepfather, who thinks him a coward. The wealthy Alan catches his fiancee, Sue, with another man.
Lorraine, who is in love with Frankie, has joined the military as a WAVE. She introduces his friend Alan to her roommate Kalai, a nurse of Hawaiian-French heritage. They all go to Lorraine's apartment, where Frankie first passes out, then wakes up screaming at the thought of returning to the war. Lorraine decides to leave him.
The three men return to the Pacific front, where they end up engaged in a frightening battle. Frankie shows cowardice and Nico tries to slap sense into him. Frankie is honored for his heroism, but Nico is killed while single-handedly confronting an advancing tank.
Alan learns that Sue has attempted suicide. He returns to Kalai, who is in love with him. Frankie, now promoted to sergeant, brings Nico's last love letter home to Andrea, who has given birth to their child.

</doc>
<doc id="9795801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795801" title="Broken Sword (disambiguation)">
Broken Sword (disambiguation)

Broken Sword may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9795811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795811" title="Mixed Bag">
Mixed Bag

Mixed Bag is the 1967 debut album by Richie Havens. Although it was Havens' first album release, Douglas Records later issued two unauthorized albums of material that had been recorded prior to the "Mixed Bag" recording sessions—"Electric Havens" (1968) and "Richie Havens' Record" (1969). "Mixed Bag" was released after Havens signed on with manager Albert Grossman and was released on Verve Forecast, a new folk music imprint of Verve Records.
"Mixed Bag" is frequently cited as the singer's best work, and was his first album to appear on "Billboard's" charts (appearing on both the jazz and pop charts). The recording was the first to introduce a wider audience to Havens's rich baritone vocals and the full-sound of Havens's distinct guitar style (thumb-chorded and played in open D tuning).
Releases.
The album was initially released on vinyl in 1967 on Verve Forecast, a newly formed folk section at the Verve division of MGM Records. It was re-released as a CD in 1993 on Polygram. In 2004, "Mixed Bag" was combined with two other Havens albums on a double CD titled, "Flyin' Bird: The Verve Forecast Years", a limited edition release of 3000 individually numbered copies.

</doc>
<doc id="9795812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795812" title="The Natural Bears Classification System">
The Natural Bears Classification System

The Natural Bears Classification System (NBCS), also called the bear code, is a set of symbols using letters, numbers and other characters commonly found on modern, Western computer keyboards, and used for the self-identification of those who self-identify as "bears" in the sense of a mature gay or bisexual man with facial or substantial body hair. These codes are used in email, Usenet, and Internet forum postings to identify the physical type and preferences of the poster.
History.
A posting to the alt.sex.motss Usenet newsgroup in 1991 re-produced the NBCS version 1.9, though the document originated before that date (1989), according to its author. This classification scheme was created by Bob Donahue and Jeff Stoner, and was based on the way in which star and galaxy classification systems used characteristics of an object to derive a classifying identifier. This classification scheme has an almost identical syntactic structure to the Geek Code, which was introduced in 1993, though the meanings of the symbols are different.
Format.
The format of the NBCS is a sequence of space-separated descriptions that each take the form, "XMme" where X is a letter indicating some trait; M is an optional magnitude indicated by either a number or a sequence of codice_1 or codice_2 characters (the former are used for rankings that have a broad, but discrete range while the latter is used for more comparative measurements); m is an optional modifier such as "v" which indicates variability of the trait; and e is any extra (such as a parenthesized magnitude that indicates a range from the magnitude outside the parentheses to the magnitude inside).
The format includes physical traits such as "B" for beard density/length, "f" for body hair (or "fur"), "t" for height (or "tallness"), and "w" for weight. It also includes personality traits such as "d" for "the daddy factor" and sexual preferences such as "k" for "the kinky factor".
Example.
An example bear code is:
The translation (in no particular order) is:

</doc>
<doc id="9795825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795825" title="LPRadicals">
LPRadicals

LPRadicals is a caucus formed in 2006 within the United States Libertarian Party by Susan Hogarth and other party members who opposed removal of much of the material in the party platform during the 2006 national party convention. The caucus lists four points as "key strategic principles in furthering the work of the Libertarian Party toward, as our platform describes it, 'a world set free in our lifetime'." These are: Rights Are Utilitarian, Radical Abolitionism, Principled Populism, No Particular Order (for removal of government policies). The radical caucus is home to many left-libertarians, who feel the pragmatic faction of the party is reminiscent of right-libertarianism. The caucus was active at the 2008 and 2010 Libertarian National Conventions.
The first iteration of the LP Radical Caucus was active from 1972 to 1974. The creator of the caucus, Samuel Edward Konkin III, used it in a brief attempt to steer the fledgling movement away from participating in the political process. Many members of the new reincarnation of the caucus, including left-libertarians and agorists, identify with the views of Konkin.
The second and best known Radical Caucus was founded by Justin Raimondo, Eric Garris and Bob Costello in 1979 in order "to unify the party around radical and hardcore libertarian programs." Raimondo led the caucus from inception until he abandoned the Libertarian Party in 1983. That Radical Caucus was dissolved in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9795827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795827" title="Ralf Mojsiejenko">
Ralf Mojsiejenko

Ralf Mojsiejenko (born January 28, 1963 in Salzgitter, Germany) is a former American football punter in the National Football League from (1985-1991) for three teams. He played college football at Michigan State University. He currently resides in his childhood hometown of Bridgman, Michigan with his wife Mary, daughter Alexandra, and two sons Parker and Cooper.
As a college kicker, his first field-goal attempt of his career was a successful 61-yarder in 1982 against the University of Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="9795828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795828" title="Gva'ot">
Gva'ot

Gva'ot () is an Israeli settlement located in the West Bank, in the westernmost area of the Gush Etzion settlement bloc. It is "named for the hills (gva'ot) from which Balaam spoke" according to Numbers 23:9 as the neighbouring settlement Rosh Tzurim. The location is strategically located above the highway from Gush Etzion to Beit Shemesh and the Shephelah. It is administered by the Gush Etzion Regional Council.
A 1982 Israeli government decision led to the construction of an IDF Nahal outpost at the site in 1984. In 1997 the base was transferred to the Shvut Yisrael Hesder Yeshiva, which moved there from nearby Efrat.
Over the following decade the Yeshiva developed the location as a housing area for its married students and their families. The yeshiva itself moved back to Efrat in 2003. Currently 16 families live in the settlement in mobile homes.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, although the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="9795869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795869" title="Museum of Western and Oriental Art">
Museum of Western and Oriental Art

Museum of Western and Oriental Art in Kiev, also known as the Bogdan and Varvara Khanenko Museum of Art () is the largest collection of foreign art in Ukraine.
During the Soviet times, the museum ranked the third in the USSR by the value and size of its collection after The Hermitage in Saint Petersburg and the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow. Currently, the Museum is well-known both Ukraine-wide and abroad for its unique collection of paintings, sculptures, etchings, decorative arts of Western Europe, Middle and Far East as well as the Antiquity. 
The incomplete list of its holdings includes the West European paintings, Egyptian and Classical antiquity, Italian Maiolica, Meissen porcelain, Persian Ceramics and Bronze sculpture, Japanese xylography and tsubas, Chinese paintings and Chinese porcelain.
Building.
Established on September 21, 1887 at number 15 on Tereshchenkivska Street the building is constructed in Renaissance architecture. The building commissioned by Bogdan and Varvara Khanenko displays three towers on its facade and the family coat of arms. The recently restored interior of the building represents various historic epochs and styles.
History.
Bogdan Khanenko was a famous patron of arts, and during his forty year collection activity he purchased works from art auctions in Vienna, Berlin, Paris, and Madrid. His most valuable purchases resulted from his trips to Italy where he obtained approximately 100 pieces through Rome and Florence auctions. 
Shortly after death of Bogdan Khanenko on December 15, 1918 his widow Varvara gave away the entire collection to the city of Kiev as a charitable gift. On June 23, 1919 the collection gained a status of the state museum.
Collection.
Throughout the years the collection has increased from 1,250 to over 17,000 artworks, totaling over 25,000 exhibits. It is currently considered to be the largest collection of foreign art in Ukraine. The museum contains a collection of Byzantine icons and the Middle Ages Orthodox applied art pieces. Famous masterpieces include a "Portrait of Infanta Margaret" by Diego Velázquez. Other valuable pieces in the collection include paintings of Gentile Bellini, Jacob Jordaens, Jean-Baptiste Greuze, Francisco Zurbarán, Luis de Morales, Claudio Coello, Claude Joseph Vernet, and Peter Paul Rubens among many others.
Additional pieces include Egyptian statues and bronze sculptures; antique terracotta and glassware; Roman and Greek sculptures, and other Byzantine exhibits along with ivory, textiles, icons and jewelry.

</doc>
<doc id="9795875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795875" title="Live Is My Jumby">
Live Is My Jumby

Live Is My Jumby is a live album by Boston trio The Slip. It was recorded in 2001 at the Aladdin Theater in Portland, Maine and The Wetlands in New York City, and was released in 2002 on the band's own KA record label.

</doc>
<doc id="9795883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795883" title="Enterprise High School (Alabama)">
Enterprise High School (Alabama)

Enterprise High School is a 6A public high school at 1801 Boll Weevil Circle in Enterprise, Coffee County, Alabama, USA, in the Enterprise City School District. The school houses grades 9-12.
2010 building.
The city of Enterprise approved the rebuilding of Enterprise High School at a new location on the northwestern side of town off of Boll Weevil Circle, the city's main bypass. The school was constructed with more than $45 million in FEMA, insurance settlements, and state approved grant money. The town also approved a sales tax increase to collect funds for school construction. Overall, The result was construction of an $86 million replacement school. The new Enterprise High, at 525,000 square feet, is one of the largest schools in the Southeast.
On August 23, 2010, the doors of the new Enterprise High School opened to students. It was the first time in more than three years that High School students in Enterprise had been able to attend school in a High School building. Since March 2007, they had been sharing the campus of Enterprise State Community College with the local college students. The start of school year for all schools in the City of Enterprise had been delayed for two weeks to ensure that the High School building (the only public High School in town) would be ready for the first day of school.
The streets surrounding the campus were named just prior to the first day of school. Woodham Drive was named after John W. Woodham, an architect who worked with the school system for 25 years. Ralls drive was named after John G. Ralls, who sold more than of land to the school system for the construction of the new school, and then donated a portion of the sale price back to the school. A third road was named after Webe Curenton, who sold his property to the school so that a driveway could be built connecting the school with Main Street. Wild Cat Way, the road surrounding the perimeter of the school, was named after the school's "Wildcat" mascot.
March 2007 tornado.
On March 1, 2007, Enterprise High School was hit by an EF4 tornado during the February–March 2007 Tornado Outbreak. The twister collapsed parts of the building's science wing, third hallway and new gym, while causing severe damage in other areas of the school. The parking lot designated "Blue" was severely damaged, with cars stacked on each other. Cars in the other school parking lots were also damaged. Early news reports indicated that 20% of the building was damaged, and numerous students were injured. reported eight fatalities at the school as of 8:30 p.m. CST on the evening of the storm; earlier reports had set the death toll as high as 22, later scaled back to five. The death toll was increased again the following day to eight as recovery efforts went onward. The final death toll was set at nine, including Ryan Mohler, Peter Dunn, AJ Jackson, Jamie Vidensek, Michael Bowen, Mikey Tompkins, Katie Strunk, Michelle Wilson, and an elderly woman named Edna Strickland. It was the first killer tornado at a US school since 1990.
After the tornado, the school was relocated to Enterprise-Ozark Community College (later renamed Enterprise State Community College, where it remained until the new school building was completed in August 2010.
In response to the tornado, Rachael Ray helped with the catering costs associated with the school's annual senior prom event (which was subsequently featured on the April 30, 2007 episode of her television show). After a night of dancing to the music of a DJ, Rachael Ray surprised students by arranging an unexpected musical performance by Mandy Moore.
On May 3, 2007, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, The Skyline Drive, Course of Nature, May-Day, and Brandon Kelly set up Band-Aid Benefit Concert sponsored by 106.7 WKMX in Fort Rucker, Alabama to help raise money for the high school. Along with The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus and Course of Nature, Melissa Joan Hart supported husband, Mark Wilkerson of CON and the high school.
Desegregation.
Enterprise High School was affected historically by desegregation efforts within Alabama. Six families in Enterprise integrated the public schools in the 1966 school year. Children were given "Freedom of Choice forms" to bring home for their parents to complete the year before. These six families chose the white schools. The first year was peaceful without incident. A few years later the all black elementary school was closed and the all black high school was changed to 7th grade only. By the Fall of 1970, the school's total enrollment of 1,131 numbered 182 African-American and 949 other students. At the same time, the school had eight African-American teachers and 45 other teachers on its 53-member faculty.

</doc>
<doc id="9795898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795898" title="Open E tuning">
Open E tuning

Open E tuning is a tuning for guitar.
low-high; E-B-E-G-B-E
Compared to standard tuning, two strings are two semitones higher and one string is one semitone higher. The intervals are identical to those found in open D tuning. In fact, it is common for players to keep their guitar tuned to open d and place a capo over the second fret. This use of a capo allows for quickly changing between open d and open e without having to manipulate the guitar's tuning pegs. 
Three familiar examples of Open E tuning are the distinctive song "Bo Diddley" by Bo Diddley, the beginning guitar part on the song "Jumpin' Jack Flash" and the rhythm guitar on "Gimme Shelter" by The Rolling Stones, as well as their distinctly earthy blues song "Prodigal Son" from the Beggars Banquet album, originally by Robert Wilkins. This tuning is also used in Guns N' Roses' "It's So Easy," The Black Crowes' "She Talks to Angels", Glen Hansard's "Say It To Me Now", Joe Walsh's "Rocky Mountain Way", The Faces' "Stay With Me", Billy F. Gibbons in "Just Got Paid", and many others. Open E tuning also lends itself to easy barre-chording as heard in some of these songs. Chris Martin of Coldplay also uses this tuning live in the song Hurts Like Heaven, but puts a capo on sixth fret.
Open E tuning is often used for slide guitar, as it constitutes an open chord, which can be raised by moving the slide further up the neck. Most notably Duane Allman used Open E for the majority of his slide work, such as in "Statesboro Blues".
1980s session guitarist David Persons experimented by using multiple tunings in the same recordings, and he pioneered several revolutionary tuning techniques, including using standard six string and open tuning together (for instance, standard tuning playing in E major and Open E tuning), which produced, due to the natural intervals involved, complementary counterpoints, which produced unique harmonies and dissonance. This can be heard on several of his early recordings. Influential punk-blues band The Gun Club heavily utilized open E tuning extensively throughout their earlier albums.

</doc>
<doc id="9795900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795900" title="Amayo no Sanbai Kigen">
Amayo no Sanbai Kigen

Amayo no Sanbai Kigen (雨夜三盃機嫌) is an illustrated book depicting forty-four Kamigata kabuki actors of the time. It was originally published in 1693 as a woodblock printed book by Bokutekian and Sōgyū.
Some of the actors included are:

</doc>
<doc id="9795903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795903" title="Richard Kirby">
Richard Kirby

Richard Kirby (or Kirkby) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9795904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795904" title="Auguste Franchomme">
Auguste Franchomme

Auguste-Joseph Franchomme (10 April 180821 January 1884) was a French cellist and composer. For his contributions to music, he was decorated with the Légion d'honneur in 1884.
Life and career.
Born in Lille, Franchomme studied at the local conservatoire with M. Mas and Pierre Baumann, before continuing his education with Jean-Henri Levasseur and Louis-Pierre Norblin at the Conservatoire de Paris, where he won his first prize only after one year.
He began his career playing with various orchestras and was appointed solo cello at the Sainte-Chapelle in 1828. Along with the violinist Jean-Delphin Alard, teacher of Pablo de Sarasate, and the pianist Charles Hallé, creator of the Hallé Orchestra, he was a founder and member of the Alard Quartet. The Quartet was rare for a chamber ensemble of its time because it consisted of professional musicians. Franchomme also belonged to the founding ranks of the Société des Concerts du Conservatoire.
Franchomme forged close friendships with Felix Mendelssohn, when the latter visited Paris in 1831, and with Frédéric Chopin. In 1833, Chopin and Franchomme collaborated to write a Grand Duo concertant for piano and cello, based on themes from Giacomo Meyerbeer's opera "Robert le diable". Franchomme also rewrote the cello parts for Chopin's "Polonaise Brillante", Op. 3, and was the dedicatee of Chopin's Cello Sonata, Op. 65. Franchomme was also the dedicatee of the cello sonata of Charles-Valentin Alkan.
With the exception of a trip to England in 1856, Franchomme hardly left Paris, where he became a central figure of the city's musical life. In 1843, he acquired the "Duport Stradivarius" from the son of Jean-Louis Duport for the then-record sum of 22,000 French francs. He also owned the De Munck Stradivarius of 1730. Franchomme succeeded Norblin as the head professor of cello at the Paris Conservatory in 1846, and his class included Jules Delsart (who succeeded his master), Louis Hegyesi, and Ernest Gillet.
Legacy.
Franchomme was the most celebrated cellist of his time and contributed to the refinement of the bowing technique—elegant, sweet, and light—which distinguished the French school developed by Jean-Pierre, and Jean-Louis Duport. His left hand was renowned for its deft, precise, and expressive powers of execution.
As a composer, Franchomme published some fifty-five works for cello, including the Twelve Caprices, Op. 7, and the Twelve Études, with optional second cello, Op. 35; one cello concerto, Op. 33; as well as numerous other pieces with piano, orchestral, or chamber accompaniment.
Recordings.
The Complete Caprices and Études (Clay Ruede, cello) Koch International 3-7226 (1994)

</doc>
<doc id="9795911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795911" title="Bike New York">
Bike New York

Bike New York is an organization based in New York City that encourages cycling and bicycle safety. They are best known for producing the Five Boro Bike Tour, the largest recreational cycling event in the United States. The Tour, which occurs on the first Sunday of May every year, takes 30,000 riders in a 42-mile ride around New York City. Bike New York also produces smaller rides, offers free classes to the public, and develops customized bicycle safety and education programs in and around New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9795912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795912" title="Hatzlacke">
Hatzlacke

The Hatzlacke Lake is located on the southern side of the Zillertaler Alps in the province of South Tyrol, Italy. The small lake can only be reached on foot from Kematen near Sand in Taufers via travel route 5. It lies 1 kilometres north of the village on 1850 metres Sea Level.
The clear water of the mountain lake has a tremendous drinking water quality but is chilly even in Summer at a maximum of 12 – 14°C. Small kinds of trouts are living in the water. The Lake hasn’t any in- and outflows and is mainly supplied with fresh water by rain or snow melting.

</doc>
<doc id="9795920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795920" title="Kdyně">
Kdyně

Kdyně (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the South-West from the region capital of Plzeň. 
Kdyně is also a municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Domažlice Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9795931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795931" title="Kerstin Heinemann">
Kerstin Heinemann

Kerstin Heinemann (born 1942 in Västerås, Västmanland County) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 until 2006, and the Second Vice Speaker of the Riksdag from 2002 until 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9795939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795939" title="Guru Gita">
Guru Gita

The Guru Gita (Song of the Guru) is a Hindu scripture authored by the sage, Vyasa, it is also used as chanting. The 352-verses text is a part of the larger Skanda Purana. It describes a conversation between the Hindu God, Lord Shiva and his wife, the Hindu Goddess Parvati, in which she asks him to teach her about the Guru. Shiva answers her by describing the Guru principle, the proper ways of worshiping the Guru and the methods and benefits of repeating the Guru Gita.
The text also gives the etymology of the word Guru, where the root "gu" stand for darkness, while the root "ru" stands for its removal. Thus giving the meaning of term as remover of darkness, ignorance of the heart.
In popular culture.
The text was part of the 2010 film "Eat,Pray, Love" starring Julia Roberts. 

</doc>
<doc id="9795943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795943" title="Five Boro Bike Tour">
Five Boro Bike Tour

The Five Boro Bike Tour, sponsored by TD Bank beginning in 2014, is an annual recreational cycling event in New York City. It is produced by Bike New York. Conducted on the first Sunday of May, the ride includes over 30,000 riders. The route takes riders through all five of New York's boroughs and across five major bridges. The entire route, including bridges and expressways which normally prohibit cyclists, is closed to automobile traffic for the ride.
The event began on June 12, 1977 as the Five Boro Challenge with about 250 participants on an 80-mile course.
New York City Mayor Ed Koch promoted the idea of a city-wide bike tour and the distance was shortened.
From 1979 to 1990, Citibank was the primary sponsor of the event. In 1991 the tour was cancelled due to monetary problems, but returned in 1992. TD Bank bought naming rights to the tour. In 2013 the City proposed to charge the Tour nearly a million dollars for police services.
The route begins in Lower Manhattan, heads north via Sixth Avenue through the interior of Central Park and continues into Harlem and the Bronx via the Madison Avenue Bridge. Re-entering Manhattan and traveling south along the East River on the FDR Drive. The route crosses the Queensboro Bridge into Queens before heading south across the Pulaski Bridge into Brooklyn, over the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway via the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge into Staten Island.

</doc>
<doc id="9795954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795954" title="Giuseppe Zevola">
Giuseppe Zevola

Giuseppe Zevola (born 1952, in Napoli) is a painter, philosopher and poet.
He has taught courses on painting at the Academy of Art of Rome and Catania and Perception and Visual Communication at Suor Orsola Benincasa of Naples, the Italian Institute for Philosophical Studies. Both his life and his art have been greatly influenced by his intellectual exchanges with Hermann Nitsch, Peter Kubelka, Antonio Gargano, Buz Barclay, Jonas Mekas and Bernard Heidsieck. Likewise, his decade of work in the Historical Archives of the Institute of the Banco of Naples Foundation yielded numerous works, the most important of which is his volume prefaced by Ernst H. Gombrich, "The Pleasures of Boredom: Four Centuries of Doodles in the Historical Archives of the Bank of Naples".
In 1998 the antique yacht "Halloween" became his home, laboratory and oratorio, inspiring his poem "Prisoner of Freedom", which was translated into Japanese by Moto Hashiramoto. The book was presented at the Twelfth Congress of the Society for the Philosophy of Language (Piano di Sorrento, October 2005) as the first symmetrical book in the tradition of the illustrated poem. In 2003 Zevola created an installation in the Certosa of Padula entitled "The Rule and the Exception: The All Too Human Cry of Giordano Bruno Responds to the Contemplative Silence of San Bruno", which is still on view. In 2004 he founded the publishing house Position Plotting Book which publishes in editions of 500 without a copyright the works of various international authors with translations in numerous languages. Recitations of these works have been the occasion for several performances around the world (Kyoto, Tokyo, Vilnius, Vienna, Berlin, Budapest, Paris, Naples, Rome and New York). In 2005 Zevola was the chief assistant to Hermann Nitsch in his 122nd Aktion al Burgtheater of Vienna, thus celebrating their more than thirty-year intellectual and artistic friendship.
The Sacred Forest of Bomarzo, an ancient place of inspiration, has now taken the place of Zevola’s yacht "Halloween". There, he has launched new projects such as "Art Real Estate: Center for the Free Circulation of People and Ideas Across the Planet". Among his most recent installations and exhibitions are "Naples Calls New York: Mystic Teresa" (Anthology Film Archives, November 2005, New York), "Naples Calls Kyoto: 33 Photocollages for a Book" (University of Art and Design, Kyoto, October 2005), "Works and Days: The Rule" (Certosa di San Lorenzo, Padula, June 2003), and currently "Prince Antonio de Curtis Calls Daedalus: First Experiment of the Cosmographic Imagination" (Kaplan’s Project, Palazzo Spinelli, Naples).

</doc>
<doc id="9795970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795970" title="Bo Könberg">
Bo Könberg

Bo Göran Könberg (born October 14, 1945 in Stockholm), was between January 1, 2006 and September 30, 2012, Governor (Swedish: landshövding) of Södermanland County, south of Stockholm. 
Bo Könberg is a Swedish Liberal People’s Party politician and was member of the Riksdag 1995-2005. In his political career Könberg has held many positions, among them:

</doc>
<doc id="9795982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9795982" title="William L. Monson">
William L. Monson

William "Bill" L Monson is an American cable television businessman and the current President of Seattle-based Clearview International and Clearview Wireless and manager of Hawaii-based CTVC. In the 1980s, Monson was involved in the establishment of Video Link, a Thai cable television joint-venture between Clearview and Thaksin Shinawatra's Shinawatra Computer and Communications (today known as Shin Corporation) and International Broadcasting Company (IBC, today known as United Broadcasting Corporation). He engaged in a series of controversial court cases against Thaksin, who by that time had become Prime Minister of Thailand, during the height of the 2005-2006 Thailand political crisis.
In 1989, he was accused of embezzling broadcasting equipment from the joint-venture. A court later acquitted him of the charges. 
Files breach of contract charges.
In 1995, he and four other plaintiffs filed breach of contract charges against Thaksin and 16 other defendants, the plaintiffs demanding 4.13 billion baht in compensation. In 2002, a court threw out the breach of contract charges after finding that the contract between Monson and Thaksin had never taken effect. The court ruled that the contract between Monson and CTVC of Hawaii (USA), on one side, and Thaksin, his wife, and Shinawatra Computer, on the other side, to set up Video Link Co Ltd was void from the beginning; Monson's resignation from Video Link's board of directors voided the contract. The court ordered Monson and the plaintiffs to pay nearly 2 million baht in lawyers' fees for the defendants.
Files perjury charges.
Monson also filed a lawsuit claiming that Thaksin lied to a civil court during a trial on 22 July 1996 and demanded 6 billion baht in compensation. In September 2006, the court ruled that Monson had failed to bring Thaksin to court within the statute of limitations after filing the lawsuit. Monson defended his case by noting that "We never got to argue or look at the facts of the case. We lost this round based on a legal technicality." A second charge of perjury against Thaksin was also dismissed. Both cases are on appeal. Monson has won a civil case over ownership of equipment in two lower courts and are awaiting a Supreme Court decision following resolution of the criminal charges against Thaksin et al.
In addition Monson has filed a complaint with the Special Investigator looking into contracts involving MCOT and IBC. 
Bank of Thailand conflict.
In February 2007, Thaksin's wife requested that the Bank of Thailand allow her to transfer 400 million baht to the United Kingdom so that she could purchase a house. The central bank originally had no objection to the transfer, until Monson sent a latter to the central bank Governor. He claimed that the money transfer would jeopardise his legal cases against Thaksin, and threatened to hold the bank responsible for any damages he might incur. The Bank of Thailand then agreed to not permit the transfer.
Personal Life.
Monson was married to a Thai woman and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="9796005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796005" title="Ted Cox">
Ted Cox

Ted Cox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9796017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796017" title="Ana Maria Narti">
Ana Maria Narti

Ana Maria Narti, born 1936 in Bucharest, Romania is a Swedish writer and politician. In 1970 Narti fled to Sweden where she received political asylum. She is member of the Liberal People's Party and was a member of the Riksdag (parliament) from 1999 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796025" title="Fiji Tuwawa">
Fiji Tuwawa

Fiji Tuwawa is an online Fijian company that specializes in Pacific research and community consultancy. Their vision is to be the leading interactive Fijian site online and to ""unite everyone and their links to Fiji"". Their mission is to ""network the people of Fiji and to provide a forum of sharing our own stories, linking us back to Fiji"." 
The company website contains information about Fiji's past and present history which were written by indigenous Fijians. Research had been undertaken in the areas of archaeology and anthropology, with the support of researchers around the world. 
External links.
Note: The above article information was extracted from their online website. Permission had been granted by Kalisito Vunidilo, one of their main directors [http://fijituwawa.com/company.html].

</doc>
<doc id="9796034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796034" title="Helena Bargholtz">
Helena Bargholtz

Helena Bargholtz (born 1942 in Lidingö, Stockholm County) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1998 to 2006, and from 2009 onwards, although she threatened to leave her party over the controversy of the prostitution laws started by fellow Liberal MP Camilla Lindberg.

</doc>
<doc id="9796036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796036" title="Jo Baer">
Jo Baer

Josephine Gail "Jo" Baer, born Josephine Kleinberg August 7, 1929, is an American painter, whose works are associated with minimalist art. She began exhibiting her work at the Fischbach Gallery, New York, and other venues for contemporary art in the mid-1960s. In the mid-1970s, she turned away from non-objective painting. Since then, Baer has fused images, symbols, words, and phrases in a non-narrative manner, a mode of expression she once termed "radical figuration."
Early life and work, 1929-1960.
Josephine Gail Kleinberg was born into an upper-middle class home. Her mother, Hortense Kalisher Kleinberg, a commercial artist, was a fierce proponent of women's rights and imbued her daughter with a sense of independence. Her father, Lester Kleinberg, was a successful commodities broker in hay and grain. Josephine studied art as a child at the Cornish College of the Arts, but because her mother wanted her to become a medical illustrator, she majored in biology at the University of Washington, Seattle, which she attended from 1946-1949. She dropped out of school in her junior year to marry a fellow-student at the University, Gerard L. Hanauer. 
The marriage was over quickly, and in 1950, Baer went to Israel to explore the realities of rural socialism on various kibbutzim for a few months. Returning to New York City, from 1950–53 she did the course work for a master's degree in psychology at the New School for Social Research. Baer went to school at night, while during the day she was employed by an interior design studio as a draftsman and secretary.
Baer moved to Los Angeles in 1953 and shortly afterwards married Richard Baer, a television writer. Their son, Joshua Baer, who became an art dealer, writer, and consultant, was born in 1955; the couple was divorced in the late 1950s. During this time Baer began to paint and draw for the first time since adolescence, becoming friends with Edward Kienholz and other local artists in the orbit of the Ferus Gallery. She met the painter John Wesley, to whom she was married from 1960-1970. She, Wesley, and Joshua moved to New York in 1960, where Baer lived until 1975. After separating from Wesley, she was in a long-term relationship with the sculptor Robert Lawrance Lobe.
Baer's work of the late 1950s emulated paintings by members of the New York School, particularly Arshile Gorky, Robert Motherwell, Clyfford Still, and Mark Rothko. Rothko, she observed, "gave me permission to work with a format." Jasper Johns's paintings and sculpture also made an immediate impression, because they suggested "how a work should be the thing itself."
Life and career, 1960-1975.
Paintings and exhibitions.
In 1960 Baer rejected Abstract Expressionism for spare, hard-edge non-objective painting. Two early important paintings in this style were "Untitled (Black Star)" (1960-1961; Kröller-Müller Museum, Otterlo) and "Untitled (White Star)" (1960-1961; Kröller-Müller Museum, Otterlo). She then introduced an even more pared-down format: the image was excised and the central area of the canvas became completely white. In 1962 Baer began the "Korean" series, a group of sixteen canvases. The "Koreans" were given their name by the art dealer Richard Bellamy, who said that Baer's paintings were just as unknown as Korean art was to most Westerners. The Koreans were composed of a dominant field of densely painted white enclosed by bands of sky blue and black that seem to shimmer and move: this optical illusion underscored Baer's focus on "the notion of light." Baer ascribed her inspiration for the "Koreans" to Samuel Beckett's novel "The Unnamble", which she was reading at the time. His observations about osmosis and diffusion through membranes influenced her to examine the properties of boundaries between spaces. In many works that Baer created between 1964 and 1966, the peripheries and edges of the canvas continued to be marked by two square or rectangular bands of color. The outer, thicker border was black; inside it, a thinner band was painted in another color, such as red, green, lavender, or blue. Baer summed up the artistic concerns of her own work in 1971, writing, "Non-objective painting's language is rooted, nowadays, in edges and boundaries, contours and gradients, brightness, darkness and color reflections. Its syntax is motion and change."
Baer was accepted as a peer in the burgeoning Minimalist movement by such artists as Sol LeWitt, Donald Judd, and Dan Flavin. In 1964 Flavin organized "Eleven Artists," an exhibition that was an important step in defining the key figures of Minimalism. He included Baer, along with Judd, Flavin, LeWitt, Ward Jackson, Frank Stella, Irwin Fleminger, Larry Poons, Walter Darby Bannard, Robert Ryman, Leo Valledor, and himself. In 1966 Baer's first one-person show took place at the Fischbach Gallery, then a center for avant-garde art. That year she was also represented in both "Systemic Painting," a survey exhibition of contemporary geometric abstraction at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York, and "10," a group exhibition at the Virginia Dwan Gallery co-curated by Ad Reinhardt and Robert Smithson that further enshrined its participants as canonical for Minimalism. Besides Baer, Reinhardt, and Smithson, the other artists selected were Carl Andre, Judd, LeWitt, Flavin, Robert Morris, Michael Steiner, and Agnes Martin. Baer's works shown in these exhibitions, which included vertical and horizontal single, diptych, and triptych paintings, established her avant-garde reputation in the New York art world.
In the late 1960s, Baer was experimenting with color and shifting the visual focus of her work. While working on the series "The Stations of the Spectrum" (1967-1969), Baer painted over their white surfaces to make them gray. She then turned them into triptychs because she saw that these paintings had more wall power when they were hung together. Next, as she said, "I wanted to know what happens around a corner – that interested me as an optical thing." The result was the Wraparound paintings, where-in which Baer painted thick black bands edged by blues, greens, oranges, and lavenders that went around the sides of the canvas – areas that artists customarily ignore, overlook, or cover with a frame. More than ever, the action was at the edges: "Sensation," Baer wrote, "is the edge of things. Where there are no edges, there are no places—a uniform visual field quickly disappears." Further challenging the notion of where a painting begins or ends, Baer added sweeping diagonal and curved paths of color that streaked across her once-inviolate white fields and down the sides of the canvas. These canvases bore titles like "H. Arcuata" (1971; coll. Daimler Corporation, Zurich) and "V. Lurida" (1971, Levi-Strauss Collection, San Francisco). The titles were orotund flights of fancy – they identified fictitious specious of plants that she extrapolated from a book of botanical Latin she owned. (Baer was cultivating prize-winning orchids in the late 1960s, and became an expert on growing them inside an urban loft.) When translated into English, Baer's Latinate letters and words have nothing to do with flowers; instead, they are visual descriptions masquerading as scientific diction. "H." stands for "horizontal" and "V." for "vertical." "Arcuata" means curved, and "lurida" means "pale" or "shining."
Writings.
Baer was an active writer during her years in New York. In letters to editors, articles, and statements in art magazines, she defended the integrity and continuing importance of painting from attacks on it by Minimalist sculptors, who insisted that it had become an irrelevant art form that should be renounced in favor of the production of three-dimensional objects. Because she publicly questioned the tenets of a powerful pantheon of artists that included Judd and Morris, Baer was ostracized by a number of her former colleagues.
Among Baer's most ambitious essays, for she which was able to employ her scientific training, was "Art & Vision: Mach Bands," published in 1970. She tackled the physics and psychology of visual perception in her discussion of Mach bands, an optical illusion named after Ernest Mach, a nineteenth-century physicist who discovered that light-dark contrasts will intensify when opposing colors are placed next to each other: light areas will appear lighter and dark areas will seem darker. She linked this investigation into subjective sensations of the beholder to how edges, boundaries, and contours are experienced in modern art.
Life and career, 1975-present.
In 1975 Baer was the subject of a retrospective at the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, showcasing her Minimalist work. However, Baer reached an impasse with non-objective painting. Sensing that her format had become a formula, she could go no further with it. Two transitional canvases –- "M. Refractarius" (1974–75; private collection, Paris) and "The Old Year" (1974–75; private collection, United States) – record her desire to break away from Minimalism. 
Baer needed a distance from New York's art world, and in June 1975 she moved to Smarmore Castle, a manor and working farm with a Norman keep, in County Louth, Ireland.
In this new environment, the reality of horses, birds and other animals as well as the ways of country people informed her paintings. She began to paint quasi-figuratively, layering fragments of images of animal, human bodies and objects in muted, translucent colors. Baer also drew on erotic images found in early cave paintings, Paleolithic sculptures and fertility objects to create compositions that suggested palimpsests.
In 1977 Baer had a one-person exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art, Oxford, and during the course of it she met the British artist Bruce Robbins. The two lived and worked together from 1978-1984, first in Ireland and then from 1982-1984 in London, creating paintings, drawings, and texts. Their collaborations were shown in eight two-person exhibitions. While in London, Baer wrote one of her best-known articles, "I am no longer an abstract artist," a manifesto published in "Art in America" in October 1983. Baer chronicled "abstraction's demise," and in characterizing its meaninglessness in a vastly changed world, claimed openness, ambiguity, "metaphor, symbolism, and hierarchical relationships" as necessary building blocks of modern works. Baer announced that she and Robbins were working toward a "radical figuration" based on those constructs. 
In 1984, Baer moved by herself to Amsterdam, where she has lived ever since. In the 1990s Baer's paintings became, in her words, "more declarative," with richer colors, sharper light-dark contrasts, and more ambitious cultural and social criticism. Disparate images and symbols from American, European, Asian, and classical civilizations are fused with quotations from literature and densely layered allusions to the themes of war, sexuality, the destruction of the natural world, greed, injustice, repression, transience, and death. Two paintings in this style are "Shrine of the Piggies (The Pigs Hog it All and Defacate and Piss on Where From They Get It and With Whom They Will Not Share. That s It)" (2000) and "Testament of the Powers That Be (Where Trees Turn to Sand, Residual Colours Stain the Lands)" (2001).
Baer has also painted several autobiographical meditations on the twists and turns of her own life, most notably "Altar of the Egos (Through a Glass Darkly)", (2004; collection Kröller-Müller Museum, Otterlo), "Memorial for an Art World Body (Nevermore)" (2009; collection of the artist), and a series of 6 works slated for exhibition at the Stedelijk Museum in 2013, provisionally titled In the Land of the Giants (2011; collection of the artist). 
Baer's writings over the years were brought together in "Broadsides & Belles Lettres: Selected Writings and Interviews 1965–2010", which provide a general commentary on art as well as her own attitudes to her work.
Subsequent surveys of her work have been organized by The Paley Levy Gallery at Moore College of Art and Design, Philadelphia (1993); Kröller-Müller Museum, Otterlo (1993); Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam (1999); Dia Center for the Arts, New York (2002-2003); Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven, (1986 and 2009); Galerie Barbara Thumm, Berlin (2010); and Gagosian Gallery, Geneva (2012). In 2013 two one-person shows were running parallel: "In the Land of the Giants" at Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam and "Jo Baer. Gemälde und Zeichnungen seit 1960 (Drawings and Paintings)" at Ludwig Museum, Cologne.
Texts by Jo Baer.
Baer wrote a number of texts over the years, these are brought together in Broadsides & Belles Lettres Selected Writings and Interviews 1965–2010, which provide a general commentary on art as well as her own attitude to her work.
Collections.
Baer is represented in the following public collections

</doc>
<doc id="9796045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796045" title="Mildred Cable">
Mildred Cable

Alice Mildred Cable 蓋群英 (21 February 1878 – 30 April 1952) was born in Guildford, she was a British Protestant Christian missionary in China, serving with the China Inland Mission.
Early Career.
The daughter of John Cable a prosperous draper in Guildford, Cable early decided to become a missionary and studied pharmacy and human sciences at London University. She was engaged to a man who had also declared his intention to become a missionary, but he changed his mind and said he would not marry her unless she too abandoned her ambition. She broke off the engagement, declined to take her final examination to graduate, and joined the China Inland Mission in 1901, meeting Evangeline (Eva) French who was returning to China following her first home leave. They worked together for the rest of their lives. 
Cable and French were stationed in Huozhou, Shanxi and travelled constantly in the surrounding area. Eva's younger sister, Francesca, joined them in 1910 (although some sources say 1908) and they became known as the "trio." After 20 years in Huozhou, they believed that the mission should be turned over to Chinese leaders and the three applied to work in relatively unknown, largely Muslim western China. Although there were doubts that women should be assigned to this region their proposal was finally accepted in 1923.
Travels in Central Asia.
For most of the next thirteen years, in the words of Mildred Cable: "From Etzingol to Turpan, from Spring of Wine to Chuguchak, we ... spent long years in following trade-routes, tracing faint caravan tracks, searching out innumerable by-paths and exploring the most hidden oases. ... Five times we traversed the whole length of the desert, and in the process we had become part of its life" A reviewer said of Cable and French's book, "The Gobi Desert," that "this may be the best of many good books about Central Asia and the old Silk Road through the deserts of Western China."
In June 1923, all three set out for Central Asia from Huozhou. Travelling 1,500 miles (2,414 km) over the next eight months, evangelizing as they went, they reached Zhangye (then referred to as Kanchow). Zhangye was the last city inside of the Great Wall. A Chinese evangelist was already working there, and at his request they set up a Bible school over the winter. When summer came they were on the road again, following the Hexi Corridor westward, this time with some of the Chinese believers they had trained. They rented houses for themselves and a building for a church in Jiuquan which thereafter would be their base. From Jiuquan they travelled extensively, selling and giving away bibles and Christian literature and extending their range to Tibetan villages in Qinghai province, Mongol encampments, and Muslim towns in Xinjiang province. They studied the Uighur language to communicate with Muslim women, the top priority of their missionary efforts, although it appears that they made very few converts among the Muslims. 
The trio were independent, strong-willed, and bold women. Eva French was criticized for giving Communion to her Chinese congregation on Christmas Eve 1924, celebrating Communion being considered a male prerogative. Uncowed by the criticism, Mildred Cable celebrated Communion the following Easter. Their mode of travel in Central Asia differed from the contemporary expeditions of explorers such as Aurel Stein and Sven Hedin who often traveled in large caravans with armed guards. The trio loaded their cart up with religious literature and traversed the Silk Road alone or with a few Chinese colleagues. 
The interpersonal relations among the "trio" were that "Mildred was the 'father figure,' Francesca the mother, and Eva the strong-willed, puckish and wonderful child." Mildred was called "Napoleon" by some of her co-workers. 
To return to England on home leave in 1926, they travelled via Russian Siberia. After their return in 1928, they took a year-long journey into Xinjiang (then known as Chinese Turkestan), on the way being detained by a Dongan leader, Ma Zhongying, to tend his wounds. In 1932, they made their first journey into the Gobi, where Cable was badly injured by a kick from a donkey. 
The trio left China for the last time in 1936 and were unable to return because, in August 1938, all foreigners were ordered to leave Gansu and Xinjiang by the local warlord. Cable and the French sisters retired to Dorset. During her retirement, Cable was much in demand as a speaker, making several international tours. She and Francesca French continued writing. Mildred Cable served as a Vice President for the British and Foreign Bible Society until her death in London in 1952.
Bibliography.
Works.
"The majority of these titles were written together with Francesca French"

</doc>
<doc id="9796051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796051" title="List of mayors of Fairbanks, Alaska">
List of mayors of Fairbanks, Alaska

The following provides a listing of the fifty individuals who have served as mayor of Fairbanks, Alaska, as well as the ten mayors of the Fairbanks North Star Borough, a county equivalent which includes the city.
Fairbanks, a home rule city in the U.S. state of Alaska, was founded in 1901. Fairbanks incorporated as a town on November 10, 1903, pursuant to the original laws allowing for communities in Alaska to incorporate. Following changes in those laws during the latter territorial era, Fairbanks began its current designation as a city ca. 1950. When statehood became effective for Alaska in 1959, the Alaska Constitution provided for home rule, a status the citizens of Fairbanks ratified the following year.
The Fairbanks North Star Borough, which encompasses the city and several surrounding towns and villages, was established by an act of the Alaska State Legislature in 1963 (Chapter 52, Session Laws of Alaska 1963), and incorporated on January 1, 1964. The borough seat is in Fairbanks.
Mayors of City of Fairbanks.
The city mayor was originally elected from amongst the council. This was later changed to the mayor being elected separately by voters for a two-year term, but serving as a figurehead, as the city was administered by a manager. The mayor began serving as the chief administrator of city government, serving a three-year term, in 1992.
Mayors of Fairbanks North Star Borough.
The borough mayor's position was originally titled chairman, rather than mayor, until the mid-1970s, given the structure which the legislature had originally established for organized boroughs. The term of office had changed from two years to three years at around the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="9796052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796052" title="Elazar, Gush Etzion">
Elazar, Gush Etzion

Elazar () is an Israeli settlement in the Judean Hills region of the West Bank, 18 kilometers south of Jerusalem in the Gush Etzion cluster of settlements. A communal settlement, it has around a settlement population of 1,700 (2010)
composed of 450 families. It is administered by the Gush Etzion Regional Council. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, although the Israeli government disputes this. 
The Netiv Ha’avot outpost, officially an expansion of Elazar, 500 meters beyond the Elzar settlement's jurisdiction, and adjacent to Alon Shvut is built on privately owned Palestinian agricultural land, the former property of the Mussa family of al-Khader. Local Palestinian villagers maintain they owned and worked the land until military curfews and closures in the wake of the Al-Aqsa Intifada forced them to abandon it, whereupon settlers moved onto the land to build there in February 2001. An assistant to the Minister of Defence at that time, Brig. Gen. Baruch Spiegel, stated that the outpost was built on privately owned Palestinian land and on “survey land”, meaning land whose ownership was still subject to determination. Netiv Ha'avot subsequently figured among 105 outposts listed in the Sasson Report submitted to the Israel cabinet in 2005, and the report noted that Israeli Ministry of Housing and Construction had by that date spent the cabinet in 2005. The report notes that the Construction and Housing Ministry spent NIS 300,000 to develop the outpost. 
Netiv Ha'avot has since been the subject of two High Court of Justice petitions. The court ordered the government to form a committee to examine the land ownership issue after 8 Palestinian farmers from al-Khader petitioned for the demolition of the outpost in 2002 on the basis that it was built on their privately owned land. No committee was constituted however. In 2008, a second petition to demolish the outpost was filed by Peace Now, and the state said a committee would be formed to examine land ownership. The office of the State Attorney responded by concurring that the oupost was unauthorized and that action, stop-work orders an demolitions, was being taken. In July 2009, justices ordered the state to provide a “clear timetable for carrying out the orders.” The timetable was never produced, 
On being told by Israeli Labor MP Yuli Tamir, who confronted the residents, that the outpost had been built without permits, the Gush Etzion Council head Shaul Goldstein replied:"I have examined 200 locales around Israel, and they were all erected this way. This is the building culture in Israel." 
The state, though having repeated for 9 years that the outpost had been built illegally, stated through the Attorney General on the 25 April 2010, in a notification to the High Court of Justice that the government was considering approving the settlement, subject to determining what buildings stood on state ground and which constructions were built on private Palestinian land. If cases were found reflecting the latter circumstance, them demolitions would proceed. B'tselem, the Israeli Human Rights organization, argued that such an approval constituted an approval of looting and unlawful construction, and implied that the state was ignoring obligations undertaking in the Road map for peace. The Peace Now petition was rejected in October 2010 by Justice Edmond Levy because the land survey had not been carried out. The survey, completed a month later, found that 60% of the outpost was built on privately owned Palestinian farmland. On April 13, 2014, Israel announced its intention to retroactively declare 983 dunams around Nevit Ha'avot state land, marking the largest expropriation of West Bank territory in recent times. Palestinian village leaders were given notice of the state's intention to appropriate the land, and have 45 days to appeal the decision. According to "Haaretz" the "planned appropriation of land far exceeds the size of the Netiv Ha’avot, which is built on just a few dozen dunams". About 50 families live in the outpost, including the secretary of Amana described by "Haaretz" as "the organization that is the driving force behind all the illegal outposts". Palestinians living in nearby villages were given 45 days to appeal the decision. Dror Etkes, head of the Peace Now settlement tracking project, described the decision as "a faithful reflection of the Netanyahu government’s policy" intended to "extinguish the last embers of the negotiations with the Palestinians".

</doc>
<doc id="9796054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796054" title="Gunnar Andrén">
Gunnar Andrén

Gunnar Andrén (born 9 January 1946 in Eksjö), is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9796074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796074" title="Nina Lundström">
Nina Lundström

Nina Lundström (born 26 October 1961 in Savonlinna), is a Sweden-Finnish Liberal People's Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 2002 to 2006. From 2006 she is a municipal commissioner in Sundbyberg Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="9796075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796075" title="Bogdan Khanenko">
Bogdan Khanenko

Bogdan Khanenko () (1848–1917) was a Kiev-born lawyer, sugar industrialist, and art collector.
Biography.
In 1871 Khanenko graduated from the law department of Moscow University and served as a judge in St Petersburg and Warsaw. By the end of 1880 he retired and settled in Kiev, marrying Varvara Tereshchenko, daughter of sugar industrialist Nikolai Tereshchenko.
Khanenko was a famous patron of the arts, and during his forty-year collection activity he purchased works from art auctions in Vienna, Berlin, Paris, and Madrid. His most valuable purchases resulted from his trips to Italy where he obtained approximately 100 pieces through auctions in Rome and Florence. He built a Museum of Western and Oriental Art with his unique and private foreign art collection. After his death, the museum opened up to the public and was named after the couple.
In 1906 Bogdan Khanenko was elected to the State Council of Imperial Russia.
Varvara Khanenko was evicted from his own house by the Soviets and had to live, for the last months of his life, in the house of his maidservant Dunyasha.

</doc>
<doc id="9796089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796089" title="Martin Andreasson">
Martin Andreasson

Martin Andreasson(born 1 October 1970 in Malmö), is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, a member of the Riksdag 2002–2006. He is openly gay. He is also an active member of Swedish science fiction fandom.

</doc>
<doc id="9796098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796098" title="Storm over Laos">
Storm over Laos

Storm over Laos, a contemporary history was written in 1961 by Prince Sisouk na Champassak. It is written in English. It is a book on Laos from 1945 to 1961. It goes into much detail about the semi non-violent Secret War in Laos. It also talks about the rise of the Pathet Lao, from its beginnings as a dusty guerrilla unit.
Prince Sisouk not only talks about Laos but also the surrounding struggles of Vietnam and China. Upon trips to Peking, Prince Sisouk describes his views on the rising totalitarian governments of Laos' neighbors. Below is an excerpt from Chapter 5, "Journey to Peking" when Prince Sisouk and other Pathet Lao delegates met with Chinese Minister of Defense, Marshal Peng Dehuai.
"We were impressed by the strong personality of our host, dubbed "the tiger of Korea" for his military exploits at head of the Chinese "volunteers" in the Land of the Morning Calm. Assuring us that China would never attack Laos, since she only desired to maintain good neighborly relations with all countries of Asia, Peng declared in his energetic tone, "We are not afraid of the U.S. We beat them in Korea. We do not have atom bombs, but we have great manpower. Even if they were to use their atom bombs in case of war, they could never kill more than 300 of 400 million Chinese. That would still leave 200 million which would easily be enough to be them." These aggressive statements revealed to us the Chinese leaders' profound contempt for human life."

</doc>
<doc id="9796100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796100" title="Mia Franzén">
Mia Franzén

Mia Franzén (born 1971) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 2002 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796106" title="I Love You Because">
I Love You Because

I Love You Because is a musical set in modern-day New York. It features lyrics by Ryan Cunningham, set to music by Joshua Salzman.
Production history.
Cunningham and Salzman first met in New York University's graduate program in musical theater writing, where they began writing the songs that became "I Love You Because".
The show was first performed off-Broadway in 2006 at the Village Theatre. The original off-Broadway cast included Farah Alvin as Marcy, Stephanie D'Abruzzo as Diana, Colin Hanlon as Austin and David A. Austin as Jeff, with Courtney Balan and Jordan Leeds playing a variety of bit parts as chorus members New York Woman and New York Man. All six actors performed on the original cast recording released in 2006. 
The first regional production of the show ran from January 17-February 11, 2007, at the Actors' Playhouse in Coral Gables, Florida.
The UK premiere opened at the Landor Theatre, in association with producer Josephine Buchan, on September 19 2007. Directed by Robert McWhir, the cast was led by Daniel Boys as Austin, Richard Frame as Jeff, Jodie Jacobs as Marcy, Debbie Kurup as Diana, Lucy Williamson and Mark Goldthorp.
The Australasian premiere season ran from August 8-16, 2008. Directed by Nathan Firmin and Brad Fischer for SHOOSH Productions, the play was staged at the Cromwell Road Theatre in Melbourne.
The Canadian Premiere opened at the Toronto Centre for the Arts Studio Space on March 30, 2012, and is produced by Angelwalk Theatre. The production is directed by Darcy Evans, and stars Jeff Madden as Austin, Elena Juatco as Marcy, Jay Davis as Jeff, and Gabi Epstein as Diana with Michael de Rose and Cara Leslie.
A special Valentine's production of the show ran from 12th to 15th of February 2013 in the Unity Theatre in Liverpool, England. Produced by Lights Up Entertainment and co-directed by Ezequiel Serrano and Leonie Webb, the cast included Phil Teles Amaro (Austin), Lucy Mulvihill (Marcy), Stuart Crowther (Jeff), Katie Jones (Diana), Peter Fendall (NYC Man) and Zoë Evans (NYC Woman). 
Plot details.
Act 1
At the opening of the show, Austin Bennett prepares for a date with his girlfriend Catherine, but discovers her cheating on him ("Another Saturday Night in New York"). He tells his brother Jeff, who suggests that the best way to win Catherine back is by pretending not to care. Jeff volunteers to find dates for them and plans a night on the town ("Oh What a Difference"). Meanwhile, Marcy Fitzwilliams is agonizing over her breakup with a man named Larry. Her friend Diana Bingley, an actuary, suggests some "dating rules" that will determine her ideal rebound time, telling Marcy that the best way to find Mr. Right is by finding Mr. Wrong ("The Actuary Song"). Austin and Jeff end up on a double-date with Marcy and Diana after setting one up on J-Date, despite none of them being Jewish. Diana is impressed with Jeff, but Marcy and Austin don't share a connection at all. Marcy reveals that she is a photographer, while Austin tells her that he writes greeting cards, but only as a way of supporting his passion for poetry. Austin is unable to explain this without frequently mentioning Catherine, to Marcy's annoyance ("But I Don't Want to Talk About Her"). Marcy decides Austin is "perfectly wrong" for her. Meanwhile, Jeff and Diana attempt to have sex, but Jeff throws his back out. Jeff's hospitalization gives Marcy a chance to try and continue seeing Austin. Over a conversation at the coffee shop, Marcy equates Austin's coffee preferences with his rigid lifestyle choices in general, and explains her own free-spirited nature ("Coffee"). Austin tries to call Catherine and win her back with an impromptu poem, which fails, and Marcy agrees to help him write a better one. As Jeff returns from the hospital and continues casually dating Diana, Marcy and Austin continue to work on a poem for Catherine, while fighting over details along the way. A bartender and cocktail waitress muse that their differences make them a perfect couple ("The Perfect Romance"). After Austin completes the poem, Marcy tells him to wait six months before sending it, but Jeff accidentally mails it out with the bills. Catherine's negative response ends up in Marcy's hands before Austin has seen it, and she takes him to a Chinese restaurant that offers free wine, in order to get him drunk enough to break the news to him. A series of humorous conflicts with the waiter at the restaurant result in Austin and Marcy skipping out on their bill and stealing a box of wine from the restaurant. Austin is impressed with himself for standing up for Marcy, and thanks her for his acting out of character ("Because of You"). When they are about to kiss, Marcy stops him and shows him the letter from Catherine. He grows angry, and they have a heated argument, but end up having sex. Meanwhile, Jeff and Diana articulate the nature of their "friends with benefits" relationship ("We're Just Friends"). The next day, Austin is ecstatic over his night with Marcy, and has fallen in love with her, though Marcy doesn't know how she feels about what happened. Jeff tells Austin to tell himself that he doesn't love her. Austin tries, but ends up thinking their relationship might have a future ("Maybe We Just Made Love"). Austin admits his feelings to Marcy, who rejects him, telling him she isn't ready for true love ("Just Not Now"). Ashamed, Austin goes home, and finds Catherine waiting for him.
Act 2
On the streets of New York, Marcy meets the bartender and cocktail waitress from her first date with Austin, and tells them what happened. They elaborate on the joys of singlehood, and assure her she's better off. Marcy agrees at first, but changes her mind after seeing a happy couple on the street ("Alone"). Meanwhile, Diana is with Austin and Jeff in their apartment, where Austin has ordered Chinese food. The delivery man turns out to be the same waiter Austin skipped out on earlier. While Austin and the delivery man are settling the bill in another room, Diana tells Jeff she wants to be exclusive. Jeff responds with fear, spelling out the negative impact that would result if they were to be a real couple ("That's What's Gonna Happen"). After the delivery man leaves, Marcy shows up and tells Austin she loves him despite all his flaws, which she mentions in great detail ("Even Though"). Austin is offended by the "anyway" aspect of her love, and rejects her, telling her Catherine has taken him back. Diana, Jeff, Marcy, and Austin sing separately about the hurt they feel from not being with the ones they love ("But I Do"). Marcy and Diana go back to the bar where they had the first double date to drink and forget. The bartender and cocktail waitress remember them, and they all tell tales of lost love in the past, vowing to give up dating. Marcy and Diana have a change of heart, and the bartender and cocktail waitress imply that they were trying to make that happen all along ("What Do We Do it For?"). Diana tries to talk to Jeff, but is interrupted by Austin, who is fretting that Catherine doesn't know how he takes his coffee, despite having dated him for five years. Diana explains to Austin that everyone needs someone to love, and Marcy is his. Jeff also admits that he loves Diana ("Marcy's Yours"). Austin vows to rid himself of his uptight nature, knowing Marcy will accept him no matter what ("Goodbye"). In the final scene, Austin is trying to write a poem for Marcy, but she arrives before he can finish it. He improvises one, spelling out the ways she is different from him, but saying that rather than loving her "anyway" (as she had said earlier), he loves her "because" ("I Love You Because").

</doc>
<doc id="9796117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796117" title="Marina Erakovic">
Marina Erakovic

Marina Erakovic () (born 6 March 1988 in Split) is a Croatian-born professional tennis player from New Zealand. Her career high Women's Tennis Association (WTA) rankings are World No. 39 for singles, achieved on 7 May 2012, and World No. 25 in doubles, achieved on 24 June 2013. Erakovic is the only New Zealander in the top 100 singles players of either the WTA or the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), although Michael Venus reached a career-high ranking of 67 in ATP doubles on 19 May 2014. She has won one WTA singles title, at Memphis in February 2013.
Personal life.
Erakovic was born in Split, Croatia (then part of Yugoslavia), and emigrated to Auckland, New Zealand, in 1994 as a 6-year-old with her family. She attended St Thomas's Primary School and Glendowie College in Auckland.
Junior career.
Erakovic and Monica Niculescu were the runners-up to Victoria Azarenka and Olga Govortsova in the 2004 Wimbledon Championships girls' doubles, before Erakovic teamed with Michaëlla Krajicek to win the 2004 US Open girls' doubles title, beating Niculescu and her Romanian team-mate Mădălina Gojnea. She then partnered Azarenka to an easy win in the 2005 Australian Open girls' doubles over Nikola Fraňková and Ágnes Szávay, and reunited with Niculescu to be runners-up in the 2005 Wimbledon Championships girls' doubles, defeated this time by Azarenka and Szávay.
Professional career.
2005–2007.
In 2005 and 2006, Erakovic won five International Tennis Federation (ITF) singles titles. She was a wildcard entry in the 2005 ASB Classic in Auckland where she lost in the second round. She lost in the second round of qualifying for the 2006 French Open.
In 2007 Erakovic lost in the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open, the first round of qualifying for the French Open, the first round of qualifying for Wimbledon, and the third round of qualifying for the US Open. She was a wildcard entry in the 2007 ASB Classic where she lost in the second round.
2008.
Erakovic received a wild card into the 2008 ASB Classic where she defeated World No. 67 American Ashley Harkleroad in the second round 7–6, 7–5, and defeated the top seed and World No. 22 Russian Vera Zvonareva 6–3, 2–6, 7–6 in a quarterfinal. She lost in the semifinals to World No. 90 Frenchwoman Aravane Rezaï 6–3, 7–5. Erakovic was the first New Zealander to reach the quarterfinals at this WTA event since Belinda Cordwell in 1990.
Erakovic lost in the first round of qualifying for the Australian Open.
At the French Open, World No. 80 Erakovic defeated World No. 56 Tathiana Garbin in the first round 6–7, 6–3, 6–3 before losing to third-seeded Jelena Janković in the second round 6–2, 7–6. She was the first New Zealand-raised player to make the main draw of a Grand Slam singles tournament since 1993.
At Wimbledon, Erakovic played her second career Grand Slam singles tournament. She defeated Krajicek in the first round and Julia Görges in the second round before losing to Tamarine Tanasugarn in the third round 4–6, 6–4, 6–4. She was the first New Zealand player to reach the third round at Wimbledon since Belinda Cordwell in 1988.
Erakovic played for New Zealand at the Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she lost in the first round to wildcard Ayumi Morita from Japan.
At the US Open, Erakovic lost in the first round to Pauline Parmentier of France 6–3, 7–6 but reached the doubles quarterfinals with Jelena Kostanić Tošić. This was the first time a New Zealander had reached the quarterfinals of a Grand Slam tournament in either singles or doubles since 1994.
2009.
In the 2009 ASB Classic Erakovic won a match in her home event for the first time, defeating Nuria Llagostera Vives of Spain in the first round 7–5, 6–4. In the second round, she lost to top-seed Elena Dementieva of Russia 6–2, 6–3.
At the 2009 Australian Open, in her first participation in the event, Erakovic advanced to the second round by beating Petra Cetkovská 6–4, 7–5. In the second round she was defeated by Lucie Šafářová 6–1, 3–6, 9–7.
Due to an ongoing hip injury, Erakovic missed the 2009 French Open. She also withdrew from Wimbledon with the same problem.
2010.
Erakovic competed in singles and doubles at the 2010 ASB Classic, losing in the first round in both events. She then competed at the 2010 Australian Open, losing to eventual semi-finalist Li Na in the first round. In doubles she and partner Casey Dellacqua lost to 11th seeded Russian pair Alla Kudryavtseva and Ekaterina Makarova in the first round.
Erakovic's next tournament was the 2010 PTT Pattaya Open where she again lost in the first round of the singles, however she and partner Tamarine Tanasugarn won the doubles title, Erakovic's fourth.
2011.
Erakovic started her year with the 2011 ASB Classic in Auckland where she received a wildcard entry. She lost in the first round against Elena Vesnina 2–6, 2–6.
Erakovic then competed on the ITF where she won three titles.
In the 2011 Australian Open she defeated Irena Pavlovic in the first round of qualifying draw, but lost round 2 to Kurumi Nara.
Erakovic took part in the 2011 French Open where she won 3 straight matches in the qualifying draw against Ajla Tomljanovic, Kurumi Nara and Petra Cetkovská, qualifying her for the main draw. In the first round of the main draw she lost 6–2 4–6 4–6 to Arantxa Rus.
Erakovic qualified for Wimbledon, where she beat Kai-Chen Chang in the first round, her first singles Grand Slam win since the Australian Open in 2009. She lost to Daniela Hantuchová in the second round.
At the Bank of the West Classic, Erakovic had the biggest win of her singles career, defeating top seed and then World No.4 Victoria Azarenka in the second round to reach the quarterfinals.
In the US Open she was defeated in the first round by Mirjana Lučić after coming through 3 rounds of qualification.
Following the US Open, Erakovic made her first WTA final at the Challenge Bell in Quebec City. To reach the final she defeated Caroline Garcia, Irina Falconi, top seed Daniela Hantuchová and defending champion Tamira Paszek. In the final she lost to Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová.
2012.
At the Australian Open, Erakovic beat Irena Pavlovic in the first round and lost 6–3, 6–7, 3–6 to Christina McHale in the second round. In the doubles she and partner Chuang Chia-jung lost in the first round.
In May at the Italian Open, Erakovic (ranked World No.41) had one of the biggest wins of her singles career defeating World No.13 Sabine Lisicki in the first round.
She reached the second round of Mercury Insurance Open, Carlsbad losing to Dominika Cibulková, 2–6 4–6.
She missed all 2012 tournaments after the US Open due to a right hip injury.
2013.
Erakovic began her year at the 2013 ASB Classic, where she was defeated by Jamie Hampton in the second round of singles, and with Heather Watson as her partner, was defeated in the quarter-finals of the doubles.
Erakovic lost in the first round of the 2013 Australian Open to Alizé Cornet.
In February she won her first WTA singles tournament at the U.S. National Indoor Tennis Championships in Memphis, Tennessee. In doing so, she became the first New Zealander to win a WTA tour singles title since Belinda Cordwell won the 1989 WTA Singapore Open. It was to be the last time the tournament was played. Watson suffered a bout of glandular fever in March, keeping her away from the circuit for two months, and Erakovic subsequently teamed up with former World No. 1 Cara Black. They had immediate success together, reaching the finals of three European tournaments, although unable to win any.
At the 2013 French Open, Erakovic upset 16th seed Dominika Cibulková in the second round before losing to 17th seed Sloane Stephens in the third round, thus missing out on a fourth round match against defending champion Maria Sharapova. She and Black made it to the quarter-finals of the doubles, losing in three sets to second seeds Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka.
She was beaten by Laura Robson in the third round at Wimbledon, after being a set up and serving for the match. Seeded 11th, she and Black were beaten in the second round of the doubles by Eugenie Bouchard and Petra Martic, 7-6 (8-6), 7-6 (7-4).
At the US Open she lost her first round singles match to María Teresa Torró Flor 6-0, 6-4, while she and Black, this time seeded 13th, lost in a marathon third round doubles match, again to the second seeds (this time Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina).
Seeded sixth, she reached the final of the Challenge Bell in Quebec City for the second time, defeating Mallory Burdette, Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová (thus avenging her defeat by that player in the 2011 final), Ajla Tomljanovic and Christina McHale before losing in straight sets to Lucie Šafářová, 6-4, 6-3.
Erakovic lost in qualifying in both the Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo and the China Open in Beijing. Her doubles partnership with Black had now ended, as Black joined forces with Sania Mirza to win both those tournaments and announced that the new partners intended to stay together through 2014. Although Erakovic was drawn to play doubles in Beijing with Elena Vesnina, she withdrew from that competition and all tournaments for the remainder of the year after the death of her grandmother.
2014.
At her home tournament in Auckland, the 2014 ASB Classic, Erakovic was reunited briefly with Cara Black in the doubles. Seeded second, they lost in the first round to local wild-card entry Sacha Jones and Abigail Guthrie. Erakovic then lost to Lauren Davis in the first round of singles. She also lost in the first round of both singles and doubles at the Hobart International, the latter to eventual winners Monica Niculescu and Klára Zakopalová when top seed with partner Zheng Jie.
At the Australian Open, Erakovic beat 21st seed Sorana Cîrstea in the first round of the singles, but lost to Kazakh qualifier Zarina Diyas 6-4, 6-0, in the second round. She and Zheng Jie were seeded 10th in the doubles, but lost 6-3, 6-3 in the first round to the French pair of Alizé Cornet and Caroline Garcia. At the Open GDF Suez in Paris, Erakovic again lost in the first round of both doubles (when paired with Petra Martic) and singles, trailing 3-6, 0-3 in the latter against Daniela Hantuchová before retiring with a back injury.
Erakovic then represented New Zealand at the Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Group II Round Robin Tournament in Astana, Kazakhstan. She had singles victories over opponents from Pakistan, Iran and India, winning each in straight sets and losing only four games in total, before losing her only doubles match when partnered with Abigail Guthrie. They were beaten 7-5, 6-1, by Indians Sania Mirza and Prarthana Thombare.
Her next tournament was the 2014 Qatar Total Open, where she again lost in the first round of both singles (to 12th seed Samantha Stosur) and doubles. In the latter, she and Petra Martic lost in a super tie-break to Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Mirjana Lučić-Baroni. With the Memphis tournament no longer in existence, and not playing in either of the tournaments now held during the third week of February, Erakovic dropped 17 places in the WTA singles rankings (from 52 to 69) as the points gained from her win in 2013 were lost.
Erakovic improved her 2014 record by reaching the quarter-finals in the singles at the 2014 Abierto Mexicano Telcel in Acapulco, Mexico. After a win over local wild card Ana Sofia Sánchez, she defeated sixth seed Bojana Jovanovski before losing 6-4, 7-5 to top seed (and eventual tournament winner) Dominika Cibulková in a match where both players struggled to consistently hold serve. Her doubles partner for this tournament, Ashleigh Barty, unfortunately had a gastrointestinal illness before the first round and the pair had to withdraw from the competition.
She then moved north to Indian Wells, California, where she and Petra Martic won their first round doubles in the 2014 BNP Paribas Open but lost in the next round to fourth seeds Květa Peschke and Katarina Srebotnik. She was well-beaten in her first singles match by Monica Niculescu. Her next tournament was the 2014 Sony Open Tennis in Miami, Florida, where she lost to qualifier Coco Vandeweghe in the first round of the singles and then, with Petra Martic, lost in a super tie-break to second seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina in the first round of doubles. Having been eliminated so quickly, she took the opportunity to play in a $50,000 clay court ITF tournament in Osprey, Florida. Seeded first, she went all the way to the final before losing 6-2, 6-3 to second seed Anna Schmiedlova.
The 2014 Family Circle Cup is the first WTA event of the season to be played on clay, and Erakovic scored what was described as one of her finest wins on that surface when beating former World No 3 Nadia Petrova in three sets in the first round. In the second round, however, she was well-beaten by the No 1 ranked junior in the world, Belinda Bencic. In the doubles, she and new partner Arantxa Parra Santonja were leading 5-4 over the No 1 pair in the world, Su-Wei Hsieh and Shuai Peng, before Peng suffered an abdominal strain and was forced to retire. Their second round (quarter-final) was the complete opposite, as they quickly lost to Anabel Medina Garrigues and Yaroslava Shvedova, who would go on to defeat the Chan sisters from Chinese Taipei in the final.
Erakovic returned to New Zealand for a holiday through most of April, before resuming as top seed at the $50,000 clay court ITF tournament in Indian Harbour Beach, Florida. She beat two qualifiers before losing to Anett Kontaveit in the quarter-finals. Moving over to Europe, she was beaten in the first round of qualifying singles for the 2014 Internazionali BNL d'Italia in Rome by Julia Görges. She progressed to the doubles in the quarter-finals, where, for the second time in the space of a few months, she came up against Kveta Peschke and Katarina Srebotnik. She and partner Arantxa Parra Santonja were beaten 6-4, 6-4 by the fourth seeds, who went on to win the tournament after Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci had to retire when Errani injured her hip. They were second seeds in the doubles at the 2014 Nürnberger Versicherungscup, their last tournament before the French Open, but were well-beaten in the first round by Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Antonia Lottner. Erakovic then lost her first round singles match to top seed Angelique Kerber.
At Roland Garros for the 2014 French Open, Erakovic had an easy win over Nadiya Kichenok in the first round, before losing 6-4, 6-4 to fifth seed Petra Kvitova in the second round. She and Parra Santonja were seeded 16th in the doubles, and had straight sets wins in the first three rounds as they progressed to the quarter-finals, a performance which equalled Erakovic's run from the previous year. Up against the higher-ranked, but unseeded, Lucie Hradecká and Michaëlla Krajicek, they led the first set 5-2 before losing five games in a row, and were eventually defeated 7-5, 6-3.
The grass season in England began badly for Erakovic, when she was beaten in the first round of the Aegon Classic in Birmingham by Timea Babos. Her original opponent, qualifier Irina Falconi, had withdrawn due to a viral illness, and Babos entered the main draw as a lucky loser. Erakovic and Parra Santonja were beaten in the first round of the doubles by the vastly experienced pair of Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond. In their final lead-up to Wimbledon, the pair moved across the North Sea to take part in the 2014 Topshelf Open at Rosmalen in The Netherlands. Erakovic's opening singles match was a titanic struggle against qualifier Coco Vandeweghe, who sent down 19 aces on the way to winning the match in a third set tie-breaker. Vandeweghe eventually won the singles title, defeating Zheng Jie in the final.
The doubles was a different story, as Erakovic and Parra Santonja moved steadily through the tournament with a series of straight sets wins, beating top seeds Andrea Hlaváčková and Zheng Jie in the semi-final. Six years to the day after winning this tournament with Michaëlla Krajicek as her partner, Erakovic stood triumphant again after a fairytale reversal of fortune during the final. Krajicek and Kristina Mladenovic sped through the first set 6-0 in under 20 minutes, had the lead at 5-2 and held two match points at 5-4 in the second set, before Erakovic and Parra Santonja broke back to force a tie-breaker, which they won 7-5. The super tie-break third set ebbed and flowed as only seven of the 18 points went to the server, with Erakovic and Parra Santonja finally prevailing 10-8. Shortly afterwards Erakovic revealed that she had parted company with long-time coach Christian Zahalka.
Erakovic scored the very first point of the tournament as play began at Wimbledon but, as she did with Belinda Bencic at Charleston, again found a stumbling block in a top junior. This time it was Croatian Ana Konjuh who prevailed in three sets, 6-3, 4-6, 6-0. Ranked 17th in the doubles, and therefore one place outside the seedings, Erakovic and Parra Santonja were drawn in the first round against the 12th seeds Anabel Medina Garrigues and Yaroslava Shvedova, who had defeated them so easily at Charleston. Although this match was much closer, the result was the same, with Medina Garrigues and Shvedova winning 6-4, 3-6, 6-3. A disappointing week at Wimbledon came to a close when she lost in the first round of the mixed doubles. Partnered with South African Raven Klaase, there was only one service break in the entire match against the British pair of Dominic Inglot and Johanna Konta. That was enough to produce a final scoreline of 7-6 (7-5), 6-4. For the trivia buffs, it was the first time on the senior tour that Erakovic had played against someone with the same birthday, Inglot also being born on 6th March.

</doc>
<doc id="9796127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796127" title="Cushioning">
Cushioning

Package cushioning is used to help protect fragile items during shipment. It is common for a transport package to be dropped, kicked, and impacted: These events may produce potentially damaging shocks. Transportation vibration from conveyors, trucks, railroads, or aircraft can also damage some items. Shock and vibration are controlled by cushioning so that the chance of product damage is greatly reduced.
Cushioning is usually inside a shipping container such as a corrugated box. It is designed to deform or crush to help keep levels of shock and vibration below levels that may damage the product inside the box. Depending on the specific situation, package cushioning can often be between 50 and 75 millimeters (two to three inches) thick.
Internal packaging materials (sometimes the same ones used for cushioning) are also used for functions other than cushioning. Some are used just to immobilize the products in the box and to block them in place. Others are just used to fill a void and do not have a cushioning function.
Design factors.
When designing packaging, the choice of cushioning may depend on many factors:
Common types of cushioning.
Loose fill – 
Some cushion products are flowable and are packed loosely around the items in the box. The box is closed to tighten the pack. This includes expanded polystyrene foam pieces (Foam peanuts), similar pieces made of starch-based foams, and common popcorn. The amount of loose fill material required and the transmitted shock levels vary with the specific type of material.
Paper – 
Paper can be manually or mechanically wadded up and used as a cushioning material. Heavier grades of paper provide more weight-bearing ability than old newspapers. Creped cellulose wadding is also available. (Movers often wrap objects with several layers of Kraft paper or embossed pulp before putting them into boxes.)
Corrugated fiberboard pads – 
Multi-layer or cut-and-folded shapes of corrugated board can be used as cushions. These structures are designed to crush and deform under shock stress and provide some degree of cushioning. Paperboard composite honeycomb structures are also used for cushioning.
Foam structures – 
Several types of polymeric foams are used for cushioning. The most common are: Expanded Polystyrene (also Styrofoam), polypropylene, polyethylene, and polyurethane. These can be molded engineered shapes or sheets which are cut and glued into cushion structures. Some degradable foams are also available.
Foam-in-place is another method of using polyurethane foams. These fill the box, fully encapsulating the product to immobilize it. It is also used to form engineered structures.
Molded pulp – 
Pulp can be molded into shapes suitable for cushioning and for immobilizing products in a package. Molded pulp is made from recycled newspapers and is recyclable.
Inflated products – 
Bubble wrap consists of sheets of plastic film with enclosed “bubbles” of air. These sheets can be layered or wrapped around items to be shipped. A variety of engineered inflatable air cushions are also available. Note that inflated air pillows used for "void-fill" are not suited for cushioning.
Other – 
Several other types of cushioning are available including suspension cushions, thermoformed end caps and clamshells
, and shock mounts.
Design for shock protection.
Proper performance of cushioning is dependent on its proper design and use. It is often best to use a trained packaging engineer, reputable vendor, consultant, or independent laboratory. 
An engineer needs to know the severity of shock (drop height, etc.) to protect against. This can be based on an existing specification, published industry standards and publications, field studies, etc.
Knowledge of the product to be packaged is critical. Field experience may indicate the types of damage previously experienced. Laboratory analysis can help quantify the fragility of the item, often reported in g-s. Engineering judgment can also be an excellent starting point. Sometimes a product can be made more rugged or can be supported to make it less susceptible to breakage.
The amount of shock transmitted by a particular cushioning material is largely dependent on the thickness of the cushion, the drop height, and the load-bearing area of the cushion (static loading). A cushion must deform under shock for it to function. If a product is on a large load-bearing area, the cushion may not deform and will not cushion the shock. If the load-bearing area is too small, the product may “bottom out” during a shock; the shock is not cushioned. Engineers use “cushion curves” to choose the best thickness and load-bearing area for a cushioning material. Often two to three inches (50 – 75 mm) of cushioning are needed to protect fragile items.
Design for vibration protection.
The process for vibration protection (or isolation) involves similar considerations as that for shock. Cushions can be thought of as performing like springs. Depending on cushion thickness and load-bearing area and on the forcing vibration frequency, the cushion may 1) not have any influence on input vibration, 2) amplify the input vibration at resonance, or 3) isolate the product from the vibration. Proper design is critical for cushion performance.
Evaluation of finished package.
Verification and validation of prototype designs are required. The design of a package and its cushioning is often an iterative process involving several designs, evaluations, redesigns, etc. Several (ASTM, ISTA, and others) published package testing protocols are available to evaluate the performance of a proposed package. Field performance should be monitored for feedback into the design process.

</doc>
<doc id="9796135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796135" title="Cecilia Wikström">
Cecilia Wikström

Cecilia Karin Maria Wikström, née Sundström, originally Nodbjörk (born 17 October 1965 in Svanstein, Övertorneå Municipality, Norrbotten County) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. Wikström is currently a member of the European Parliament. She is also a priest in the Church of Sweden and the author of several books. She was married to former Swedish Minister for Education Jan-Erik Wikström, father of Jeppe Wikström, from 1995 to 2010, and before that to the Swedish priest Björn Bolin.
Cecilia Wikström got her Bachelor of Theology at the Department of Theology at Uppsala University in 1993. She has had various positions in the Church of Sweden, such as parish minister, university chaplain, prison chaplain, and canon of the Uppsala Cathedral.
Between 2002 and 2009, Wikström was a member of the Swedish Parliament for the Liberal People's Party. She was Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Cultural Affairs and substitute member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Wikström has been very engaged in questions relating to freedom of expression, in Sweden as well as in other countries. In 2009 Wikström run for the elections to the European Parliament on June 7. She was the third name on the Swedish Liberal People's Party list and was elected to represent the party in the European Parliament. Hence, she left her post in the Swedish Parliament in July 2009.
Wikström is a member of the European Parliament since 2009. She is member of the European Parliament group Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE).
In the European Parliament Cecilia Wikström is a full member of the Committee of Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) and the Committee of Legal Affairs (JURI), where she also is the coordinator of the Alde-group.
In 2012, Wikström was appointed into the Advisory Committee of the European Parliament, a consultative ethics committee consisting of five senior MEPs who act as advisors to other colleagues on ethical issues.
Wikström is also vice-chair of the Parliament's intergroup for disabled people.
In spring 2013, Wikström was appointed to represent the Alde-group in the delegation that will negotiate a new agreement between the European Parliament and other institutions on how the European Parliament should have access to classified documents related to the common policy of security and foreign affairs.
She is substitute member of the Delegation to the EU-Moldova Parliamentary Cooperation Committee, the Delegation to the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly and the Delegation to the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly.
Wikström has written and published a published several books. In 2004 she published "När livet går sönder", a book about crisis management. Her second book "I tillitens tecken" was published in 2006. She has also held various positions in national and regional boards, such as the Swedish UNESCO Board, the Police County Board and Liberal Women group in Uppsala County. Since 2001 she is the owner and executive Director of Wikström Consulting LTD.

</doc>
<doc id="9796142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796142" title="Pak Phayun District">
Pak Phayun District

Pak Phayun () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Pa Bon and Bang Kaeo of Phatthalung Province, Krasae Sin, Sathing Phra, Singhanakhon and Khuan Niang of Songkhla Province.
To the east of the district is the Thale Luang lake, which through a narrow strait opens into the main Songkhla Lake south of the district.
History.
The district was established in 1896 as part of the "thesaphiban" administrative reforms, originally subdivided into 17 "tambon".
In 1903 it was renamed from Taksin (ทักษิณ, meaning South) to Pak Phayun.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 7 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 63 villages ("muban"). Pak Phayun is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Pak Phayun. There are further 7 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9796159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796159" title="Linnéa Darell">
Linnéa Darell

Linnéa Darell, born 1945, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 2002 until 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796169" title="Janet Wu (WCVB)">
Janet Wu (WCVB)

Janet Yuen-Mei Wu is a television reporter in the Boston area. She currently serves as an investigative and political reporter for WCVB-TV, ABC's Boston affiliate.
Early life and career.
She was born in Bridgewater, New Jersey and received her bachelor's degree from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1972.
Wu worked as a reporter for United Press International from 1973 until 1978 when she joined WGBH-TV, Boston's public television station, as the Massachusetts State House reporter until 1983.
In January 1983, Wu joined WCVB-TV NewsCenter 5 as their State House reporter, and in 2006 she became a team member of WCVB’s investigative unit, "Team 5 Investigates".
In October 2009, she was appointed co-host with Ed Harding for the new WCVB-TV Sunday morning political program, "On The Record".
Personal life.
Janet is married to Adams P. Carroll and they have two children, Quincy and Bailey. She and her family live in the greater Boston area. Wu speaks fluent Cantonese.

</doc>
<doc id="9796172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796172" title="Mallard and Claret">
Mallard and Claret

Mallard and Claret is a popular fishing fly in the United Kingdom. Also known as the 'M and C' it is a good general pattern that imitates a wide range of trout food items.
Materials.
As its name suggests, this fly is constructed from the feathers of a mallard duck together with a claret coloured body.

</doc>
<doc id="9796184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796184" title="The First Cathedral">
The First Cathedral

The First Cathedral exists both as a non-denominational Christian ministry based in Bloomfield, Connecticut as well as the edifice in which the ministry is held . Originally known as The 1st Baptist Church, it was founded in 1968 in Hartford, Connecticut. The pastor is Archbishop LeRoy Bailey Jr.
The First Cathedral: The Ministry.
Changes brought by LeRoy Bailey.
In 1971, Leroy Bailey was called to be the second pastor of the 1st Baptist Church, which at the time was located in Hartford, Connecticut. At the time of his arrival there were approximately 60 members.
LeRoys' arrival brought new revolutionary teaching to the members of 1st Baptist Church. In fact, his first sermon preached was entitled "What in the world are you waiting for?", It was a sermon that began his push for growth in the church.
LeRoy established in his primary years at the church, his goals and objectives through sermons. One of these sermons, preached in 1974, was entitled "Going First Class", which was centered on the biblical passage Jeremiah 29:11:
"For I know the plans I have for you", declares the LORD, "plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future"
LeRoy shared with the people in this sermon that was more to life then what they had experienced in the past and that he was determined to lead them into that lifestyle. The ministry grew tremendously. In 1970, LeRoy led the church into a larger facility.
In 1989, LeRoy led the church, now known as The First Baptist Church of Hartford, into a series of stewardship campaigns based on sermons with the themes of faith, equality, obedience and the hope for the future. For example, The third campaign entitled "Rise Up and Build" which raised funds for the construction of the The First Cathedral Edifice was based on; Joshua 22:26-27:
"That is why we said, 'Let us get ready and build an altar—but not for burnt offerings or sacrifices.' On the contrary, it is to be a witness between us and you and the generations that follow, that we will worship the LORD at his sanctuary with our burnt offerings, sacrifices and fellowship offerings. Then in the future your descendants will not be able to say to ours, 'You have no share in the LORD.'
LeRoy allowed the people to contribute to his vision, by hold what he called " dream nights". An opportunity for members to communicate their hopes and aspirations in relation to the future of the ministry
Under LeRoy's Leadership, the church's membership has grown tremendously. As of 2005, the membership numbered over 11,000 making the cathedral the largest church in the New England Region.
Controversial use of facility.
The First Cathedral rents its facility to several local and regional organizations, including several local high schools including Windsor High School In Windsor, Connecticut, South Windsor High School in South Windsor, Connecticut, Enfield High School and Enrico Fermi High School in Enfield, Connecticut. In 2010, after the ACLU of Connecticut and Americans United informed the schools that continued use of the Bloomfield facility constituted a violation of the First Amendment's "establishment clause", which prohibits governmental entities from acting in a way that could be viewed as endorsing a religion. The high schools in Windsor, South Windsor, Enfield, East Hartford, and the Metropolitan Learning Center, a magnet school, subsequently decided against using First Cathedral 
Controversy over Marriage Rights.
In 2003, Rev. Dr. Bailey and other ministers paid for an advertisement in the Hartford Courant affirming their opinion that homosexual marriage rights are not a civil right. This was part of a larger statement he and other ministers made which included the claims that, if homosexual are provided the same marriage rights as heterosexuals, ministers would be forced against their will to perform marriage ceremonies for homosexuals. Rev. Dr. Bailey is an adviser to the Family Institute of Connecticut.
Ministry affiliations.
The First Cathedral is affiliated with several Ministries:
The First Cathedral: The Edifice.
In 1998, the ministry at the time known as The First Baptist Church of Hartford broke ground on its first custom house of worship, on a plot in Bloomfield, Connecticut. Funding for the construction was raised via stewardship campaigns over twelve years. After two years of construction the first phase of the facility was completed. In the planning phases of the building, church officials planned to remain called The First Baptist Church of Hartford while occupying the edifice called The First Cathedral. The Ministry became known as The First Cathedral as individuals within the community who were unfamiliar with these plans began confusing the two.
. The Cathedral Edifice is considered a radical departure from the Greek Revival and Georgian Architectural Styles used in the construction of most New England Churches.
The First Cathedral is half of the complex of what is intended to be the final location of The First Baptist Church, The First Cathedral is full of symbolism. Church officials worked with architects and engineers to create an environment that is full of theological and biblical symbolism.
Overall Structure.
The First Cathedral edifice is built in the shape of a dove, a reference to the Baptism of Jesus which is recorded in every canonized Gospel.
External Symbolism.
The Doves' Feet are represented by the foundation of the Cathedral. The foundation of the Cathedral, being quite large and being located on former swampland, is a network of grade beams that equally disburse the weight of the building.
The Structure
The structure of The Cathedral is divided into 3 levels:
• The First Level is the two commercial floors, the primary representing earth, the second representing Heaven
• The Second Level is located within the second of the commercial floors, The Two Balconies representing Heaven.
• The Third Level is Represented in the Cupola, 8 sided, ordained with stained glass windows, symbolic of the throne room of Heaven where God is
Exterior Walls
The immediate external wall of the Cathedral are covers with Dryvit, the dryvit wall installed in stages reminiscent of the extensive project, undertaken by Nehemiah, in the rebuilding of the city walls of Israel. Additionally the Sandstone Color of the building is a reminder of the Wilderness Experience of the Ancient Israelites before reaching their promised land.
Interior Elements.
Within the Dove shaped edifice, are three major components, The Grand Lobby, The Grand Concourse and The Sanctuary, modeled after Solomon's Temple.
The Grand Lobby.
The Grand Lobby is the 'facade' of The First Cathedral; the lobby contains several symbolic elements:
•The Entrance way is a set of double doors, creating an energy saving lock. The double set of double doors are reminiscent of the main entry way into an ancient city, the doors were part of the cities defense system.
•Stained Glass Mosaic-depicts people of all races and every ethnicity from all directions with their hands lifted in praise.
•Fountain'- the fountain is in the shape of a tomb, the water shooting out of the fount comes in the form of cross representing life out of death.

</doc>
<doc id="9796188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796188" title="Karin Granbom Ellison">
Karin Granbom Ellison

Karin Granbom, born 1977, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9796192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796192" title="Ted Cox (baseball)">
Ted Cox (baseball)

William Ted Cox (born January 24, 1955 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a former shortstop who played in Major League Baseball from through for the Boston Red Sox (1977), Cleveland Indians (1978–1979), Seattle Mariners (1980) and Toronto Blue Jays (1981). He batted and threw right-handed. 
Cox was selected by the Red Sox with the seventeenth pick in the first round of the 1973 draft, ahead of Fred Lynn. Listed at 6' 3", 195 lb., Cox played five years in the Boston minor league system, stepping up a class every year, that was hastened by a phenomenal season in 1977 with Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox. In 95 games, he hit .334 with 14 home runs and 81 RBI, which was highligted by an All-Star selection, helping Pawtucket to clinch the regular season championship. After the season he won both the "Topps" Minor League Player of the Year and the International League MVP awards, and was recalled by Boston in September 1977. 
Cox debuted with the Red Sox on September 18, on Brooks Robinson Night at Baltimore. Cox went 4-for-4 in his first major league game, a 10–4 Boston victory over. After the game, reporters told Cox he had tied the American League record for most hits in a first game. Casey Stengel, Willie McCovey and Mack Jones also share the mark. Boston returned to Fenway Park to face the New York Yankees the next day. In his first at-bat against the Yankees, Cox hit a single to tie a record held by Cecil Travis with the Washington Senators. Travis set the record of five consecutive hits at the start of a major league career in 1933. Then, in his second at-bat Cox singled off Ed Figueroa. This assured him a place in major league history for his unique 6-for-6 hitting streak. 
Cox ended 1977 with a .362 average (21-for-58), and drew considerable attention to himself. Before the 1978 season he was sent by Boston along with Bo Díaz, Mike Paxton, and Rick Wise to the Cleveland Indians in the same transaction that brought Dennis Eckersley and Fred Kendall to the Red Sox. After two years in Cleveland as a backup outfielder and playing all four infield positions, Cox joined the Seattle Mariners in 1980 and the Toronto Blue Jays in 1981, his last major league season.
In a five-season career, Cox was a .245 hitter with 10 home runs and 79 RBI in 272 games.
Currently, Cox works with the Major League Baseball Players Alumni Association in raising money for worthy causes and charities.

</doc>
<doc id="9796193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796193" title="Kedar, Gush Etzion">
Kedar, Gush Etzion

Kedar () is a religiously observant, rural Communal settlement and Israeli settlement in the West Bank administrated by the Gush Etzion Regional Council. It was established in 1984 by families linked to the Betar movement. "The name is from Song of Songs (1:5): "Dark am I, o daughters of Jerusalem, dark like the tents of Kedar" The community has a mix of secular and religious Jews. Residents run various businesses, and around 153 families live in the settlement.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="9796198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796198" title="Fire fighting at the 1900 Summer Olympics">
Fire fighting at the 1900 Summer Olympics

Fire fighting was an unofficial event at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. Competitions were held for both professional and volunteer firefighters.
Like the other unofficial events competed at the 1900 Games, the fire fighting event was considered part of the 1900 World's Fair, and is not considered by the International Olympic Committee as an Olympic event. However, the American report of the 1900 Games, prepared by AG Spalding, devotes a whole page to the competition, which was won by Kansas City and "its famous engine and hook and ladder company No.1"'

</doc>
<doc id="9796214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796214" title="David Benck">
David Benck

David M. Benck is an Alabama based lawyer. He graduated from Birmingham-Southern College (BA Economics 1990) and the University of Alabama School of Law (JD 1993). Benck is the vice president and general counsel for Hibbett Sports, Inc. Benck is listed on the American Arbitration Association National Roster of Neutrals and the National Arbitration Forum. 
In May 2012, the American Arbitration Association announced that Mr. Benck had been named to the AAA's Board of Directors, and indicated that "Mr. Benck 
has served as an arbitrator in numerous matters in both the commercial and employment areas and has been published in the AAA’s Dispute Resolution Journal. Mr. 
Benck is an adjunct professor at Cumberland School of Law where he teaches Practicing Law In House. He also serves on the Ethics and Grievance Committee for USA Gymnastics in Indianapolis. Mr. Benck is on the Norton Board of Advisors for Birmingham-Southern College, is the current President of the Alabama Chapter of the Association of Corporate Counsel, and is the legal counsel to the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame. " 
According to USA Gymnastics, Benck was named to the Board of Directors in December, 2013. 
Benck has been published in national publications including "The Society for Human Resource Management", the "Association of Corporate Counsel", "The Docket", "HostingTech", the "Web Hosting Industry Review", and "The Computer Law Associates Bulletin".

</doc>
<doc id="9796219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796219" title="Horrorween">
Horrorween

Horrorween is a 2010 horror comedy film directed by Joe Estevez and written by Mike Muscat, Judd Rubin, Jason Sanchez and Ed Meyer. It stars Lloyd Kaufman, Kathy Garver and Tom Savini.
Plot.
A group of people hunt Zombies. "Horrorween" is a homage to John Carpenter's classic "Halloween".
Production.
It was filmed since October 2007 in California, New York, Ohio, London, England, Toronto, Ontario, and in New Jersey. The movie was first announced by Katie Couric and Matt Lauer on the Today Show, with Chuck Lamb and Tila Tequila in the lead roles, both were later replaced.
Release.
The film premiered in Los Angeles on 30 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9796220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796220" title="Liberty Hill Foundation">
Liberty Hill Foundation

The Liberty Hill Foundation is a non-profit organization founded by Sarah Pillsbury, heir to the Minnesota Pillsbury baking fortune, in 1976. Its motto is "Change. Not Charity." They have funded local Los Angeles organizations dedicated to environmental justice, such as East Yard Communities for Environmental Justice. The name of the foundation derives from a famous incident on May 15, 1923 when writer Upton Sinclair spoke to approximately 3,000 striking longshoremen at Liberty Hill in San Pedro, Los Angeles, California. In a piece of street theater designed to highlight ongoing suppression of freedom of speech by the LAPD, Sinclair began his address by reading the Bill of Rights. Within moments, he was arrested.

</doc>
<doc id="9796238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796238" title="Power It Up Records">
Power It Up Records

Power It Up Records is a German record label mainly focused on grindcore. The label puts out both vinyl and CD. It has released records with Birdflesh, Rotten Sound, Regurgitate, Bathtub Shitter and Yacøpsæ among others.

</doc>
<doc id="9796252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796252" title="Book City">
Book City

Book City may refer to bookstore chains in several countries:

</doc>
<doc id="9796256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796256" title="Particularly Dangerous Situation">
Particularly Dangerous Situation

A Particularly Dangerous Situation (PDS) is a type of enhanced wording first used by the Storm Prediction Center (a national guidance center of the National Weather Service, the meteorological agency of the United States) on certain severe weather watches. It is issued at the discretion of the forecaster composing the watch and implies that there is an enhanced risk of very severe and life-threatening weather, usually a major tornado outbreak or (much less often) a long-lived, extreme derecho event, but possibly another weather hazard.
PDS watches are quite uncommon; less than 3% of watches issued by the SPC from 1996 to 2005 were PDS watches, or an average of 24 each year. When a PDS watch is issued, there are often more PDS watches issued for the same weather system, even on the same day during major outbreaks, so the number of days per year that a PDS watch is issued is significantly lower.
Background.
The first PDS tornado watch was issued by Robert H. Johns for the April 2, 1982 tornado outbreak across the southern and central Great Plains. While historically applied only to severe thunderstorm, tornado and flash flood watches (i.e., Severe Local Storm "polygonal" events), PDS wording could theoretically be applied to other types of weather watches (such as winter storm, high wind, hurricane, or fire weather watches) when an enhanced threat for such conditions exists. These watches have generally (but not always) been issued during a high risk or an upper-end moderate risk either of severe storms from the SPC's convective outlooks or of flash flooding from the Weather Prediction Center's Excessive Rainfall Outlooks.
On April 24, 2011, the National Weather Service Weather Forecast Office in Memphis, Tennessee issued the first PDS flash flood watch to highlight the threat for widespread, significant and potentially life-threatening flash flooding due to repeated rounds of severe thunderstorms.
Issuance.
PDS Tornado Watch.
PDS tornado watches are issued when there is a higher than normal risk of multiple strong to violent tornadoes – especially those that are predicted to be long-track in nature, with path lengths of more than 20 miles – in the watch area (usually amounting to damage consistent with EF4 or EF5 tornadoes), in addition to including significant wind and hail damage. While there are no set criteria for a PDS watch to be issued, they are usually issued when the potential exists for a major tornado outbreak. These types of tornado watches represent about 90% of PDS watches issued by the Storm Prediction Center.
The PDS Tornado Watch shown below, was issued covering Alabama during the early stages of the extreme tornado outbreak that killed over 300 people (which clearly verified) as explained above.
NOTE: The color of all text in the original alert issued was black, except for the text "THIS IS A PARTICULARLY DANGEROUS SITUATION", which was rendered in red (not bolded) in the actual alert.
PDS Severe Thunderstorm Watch.
PDS severe thunderstorm watches are issued when there is a higher than normal risk of severe thunderstorm winds capable of major structural damage (in addition to large hail and perhaps a few isolated tornadoes), usually due to a strong and persistent derecho. These watches are very rare (accounting an average of only two each year), as the risk for tornadoes must remain low enough to not warrant a tornado watch (a normal tornado watch would be issued if the tornado risk is significant alongside the extreme wind threat).
The PDS Severe Thunderstorm Watch shown below was from May 30, 2011:
NOTE: The color of all text in the original alert issued was black, except for the text "THIS IS A PARTICULARLY DANGEROUS SITUATION", which was red (not bolded) in the actual alert.
PDS Flash Flood Watch.
PDS flash flood watches are issued when there is a higher than normal risk of widespread, life-threatening flash flooding. These watches are issued by local NWS Weather Forecast Offices, not the Storm Prediction Center.
This watch shown here, was the first PDS Flash Flood Watch and was issued by the National Weather Service forecast office in Memphis, Tennessee on April 24, 2011, as mentioned above.
NOTE: The color of all text in the original alert issued was black, including the text "THIS IS A PARTICULARLY DANGEROUS SITUATION", which was neither rendered in red nor bolded in the actual alert.
PDS Tornado Warning.
PDS tornado warnings are currently issued on an experimental basis by the 38 National Weather Service Weather Forecast Offices within the Central Region. The criteria for a PDS warning is when a tornado on the ground has been spotted or confirmed, or a significant tornado is expected (due to radar signatures). While the intention of this experimental warning may be to replace the loosely defined tornado emergency, PDS tornado warnings are structured as the second highest level of tornado warning within the Impact Based Warning system (an experiment – which also includes tags within warning products illustrating radar indications or physical observations of tornadoes, and damage potential – participated by the 33 Weather Forecast Offices within the Central Region, and will expand to eight additional offices within the Western, Eastern and Southern regions in the spring of 2014); a tornado emergency, the highest warning level, is used within the United States for destructive tornadoes approaching more densely populated areas. These are the first warnings issued with PDS wording, and like PDS flash flood watches, are issued by local forecast offices.
One of the first PDS tornado warnings, if not the first, was issued on April 14, 2012 as shown below, by the National Weather Service in Wichita, Kansas.
NOTE: The color of all text in the original alert issued was black, including the text "THIS IS A PARTICULARLY DANGEROUS SITUATION", which was neither rendered in red nor bolded in the actual alert. The wording "SIGNIFICANT" on the tornado damage threat was changed to "CONSIDERABLE" starting with the 2013 tornado season.
PDS Wind Chill Warning.
PDS wind chill warnings are issued when there is an enhanced risk of frost bite, hypothermia, and eventually death due to extremely low wind chills. These warnings are issued by the National Weather Service Weather Forecast Offices rather than the Storm Prediction Center.
The PDS Wind Chill Warning shown below was issued by the National Weather Service in the Twin Cities on January 5, 2014.
NOTE: The color of all text in the original alert issued was black, except for the text "THIS IS A PARTICULARLY DANGEROUS SITUATION", which was neither rendered in red nor bolded in the actual alert.
Other watches and warnings.
While the use of PDS wording for other types of watches and warnings has not been used, PDS verbiage could theoretically be applied to any kind of watch or warning to alert the public to weather events where there exists an increased risk of loss of life or widespread damage to property. Some such situations could include PDS watches or warnings for blizzards, ice storms, high winds, extreme heat, or fire danger.
References.
[http://www.spc.noaa.gov/products/watch/2011/ww0405.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9796270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796270" title="Daigoro vs. Goliath">
Daigoro vs. Goliath

Plot.
Daigoro is a monster who was orphaned after the military used intercontinental missiles to kill his mother while she tried to protect him. Only one man stood against that decision. He pitied the infant, and took it as his own and raised him in Japan. But Daigoro grew too large and too expensive to feed. The man made Daigoro an icon for a business. Elsewhere Goliath, a monster who had been trapped in an asteroid for a long time, went to Earth and battled Daigoro. Goliath eventually defeated Daigoro by striking him with lightning from his horn. Goliath then left to pillage the world, leaving Daigoro to die. Daigoro recovered and practiced daily for his next battle against Goliath. After an intense fight, Daigoro breathed his fire ray and managed to defeat Goliath. The humans then grabbed Goliath while he was still weak and strapped him to a rocket and launched him into space.
Production.
The film was planned as part of the yearlong celebration of Tsuburaya Productions 10th Anniversary in 1971. Tsuburaya approached Toho with the idea of creating a new film with Toho's most popular, and Eiji Tsuburaya's most famous, creation: Godzilla. Toho gave the project the green light, and agreed to loan Tsuburaya Productions' a Godzilla suit. This project never saw the light of day in its original form.
Over time, it was heavily altered and repackaged as Daigoro vs. Golaith (1971), with Toho taking a distribution role and Tsuburaya producing the final product.

</doc>
<doc id="9796271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796271" title="Tobias Krantz">
Tobias Krantz

Tobias Kjell Bertil Krantz (born 7 April 1971) is a Swedish politician of the Liberal People's Party. He served as Minister for Higher Education and Research in the Swedish government between 17 June 2009 and 5 October 2010.
Education.
Tobias Krantz grew up in Bankeryd, Jönköping Municipality, Sweden. He earned a B.A. in politics, economics, history and French from Uppsala University in 1995. From 1995 to 2002 he was a Ph.D student and lecturer in political science at Uppsala University. His Ph.D. thesis, published in 2002, was titled "The power over the region. A critical study of the debate about Swedish regions from 1963 to 1996".
Political career.
Krantz served as vice president of the Liberal Youth of Sweden from 1996 to 1999. He also worked as an editorial writer for "Upsala Nya Tidning" from 1994 to 1999. He was a member of the Liberal People's Party's committee on higher education from 2000 to 2001, and worked as chief analyst for the party from 2001 to 2002.
Krantz has served as a Member of Parliament since the 2006 election. In the parliament he was a member of the Committee on the Constitution and the War Delegation from 2002 to 2006. Since 2006 he is a member of the Committee on Health and Welfare and a deputy member of the Committee on Civil Affairs, Committee on Cultural Affairs, Committee on Social Insurance and the Committee on European Union Affairs. He is also a member of the board of the Liberal People's Party and a deputy member of board of Riksrevisionen.
Following Lars Leijonborg's decision to step down from the Swedish government, Krantz was appointed as new Minister for Higher Education and Research on 17 June 2009. Krantz left the government on 5 October 2010, following the 2010 election.
Personal life.
Tobias Krantz is married to Anna Grönlund Krantz, also a Liberal People's Party politician, with whom he has one child.

</doc>
<doc id="9796272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796272" title="Jean-François Bergier">
Jean-François Bergier

Jean-François Bergier (5 December 1931, Lausanne, Vaud - 29 October 2009) was a Swiss historian. He was a professor at the University of Geneva from 1963 to 1969 and at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich until his retirement in 1999.
In December 1996, he was appointed president of the Independent Commission of Experts: Switzerland - Second World War, often referred to as the Bergier commission, which examined relationships of Switzerland with Nazi Germany during World War II.
Personal life.
Bergier was born on 5 December 1931 in Lausanne, the son and grandson of Protestant pastors. Both sides of his family were solid members of Swiss bourgeois society. He was married twice and had two sons from his first marriage.
Education.
Beginning his studies at the University of Lausanne, he went in 1950 to Paris where he studied both at the Ecole des Chartes and the Sorbonne where he was deeply influenced by the French historian Fernand Braudel and others of the Annales School. He studied at Oxford University and returned to Switzerland where he took his doctorate at the University of Geneva, writing a thesis on Geneva in the European economy of the Renaissance.
Professional life.
Beginning his academic career as a professor at the University of Geneva in 1963, he moved in 1969 to the prestigious History of Civilizations chair at the polytechnic in Zurich where he remained until his retirement in 1999.
In 1983 he published a book, Economic History of Switzerland. In addition to his work as a medievalist and economic historian, he was interested in the history of the Alps and help found an international association for a history of the Alps in 1995.
Independent Commission of Experts.
During the post-WWII period, Switzerland came under criticism for its war-time behavior vis-a-vis the Nazi Government in Germany. In 1996 the Swiss parliament set up the Independent Commission of Experts with wide powers to examine Switzerland's role during the war. Jean-François Bergier was asked to head the commission as its president, a role which he accepted in December 1996 and carried out until the final report was issued in 2001 and the commission was dissolved.
The final report of the commission documented the restrictive policy of Switzerland toward Jewish refuggees during the Holocaust and it identified a number of controversial relationships between Swiss and German companies and financial institutions which acted to support the German war effort. In particular, with respect to the refugees, Bergier concluded, "that Switzerland "got involved in (Nazi) crimes by abandoning refugees to their persecutors" – even though the Swiss government knew by 1942 of the Nazis' final solution and that rejected refugees would almost certainly face deportation and death...Large numbers of persons whose lives were in danger were turned away – needlessly..."
The report of the commission stirred up political criticism, with the right wing People's Party member describing it as, "a pseudo-historical work ordered up by the World Jewish Congress". When asked why he accepted such a controversial role, Bergier replied, "Above all there's the issue of Switzerland's historical responsibility. You have to be responsible for your past. On that condition you can face the future clearly and calmly."

</doc>
<doc id="9796292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796292" title="Gunnar Nordmark">
Gunnar Nordmark

Gunnar Nordmark, born 1954, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag Works part-time as at teacher at Madesjöskolan in Nybro,Småland. 2002–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796306" title="Kfar Eldad">
Kfar Eldad

Kfar Eldad () is an Israeli settlement and a communal settlement in the West Bank, south of Jerusalem. It is administered by the Gush Etzion Regional Council. The settlement is in the vicinity of Herodion and overlooks the Judean Desert. It is named after Israel Eldad, a Lehi member and Israeli philosopher.
The population of the settlement is made up of both native born Israelis and Russian immigrants. Secular and religious people live side by side in the settlement. The settlement was established by families from the nearby Nokdim settlement, and originally served as the site of temporary housing prior to that town's construction.
As of spring 2012, the settlement hosts some 80 families, and notable residents include leading Likud Knesset member Ze'ev Elkin.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="9796312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796312" title="Sverker Thorén">
Sverker Thorén

Sverker Thorén (born 1955), is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag 2002–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796332" title="New Toy">
New Toy

New Toy (1981) is an album by Lene Lovich first issued in the UK by Stiff Records. It featured her second single "New Toy". Containing only six songs, it is considered an EP rather than a full album. On the American dance charts, the title track peaked at number nineteen and stayed on the chart for six months.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Lene Lovich & Les Chappell; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="9796351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796351" title="Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine">
Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine

The Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine (or LECOM) is a private, non-profit graduate school of medicine, dentistry and pharmacy in the United States. Founded in 1992 in Erie, Pennsylvania. The main campus for LECOM is located in Erie, Pennsylvania, with two branch campuses in Greensburg, Pennsylvania and Bradenton, Florida. LECOM confers degrees in osteopathic medicine (D.O.), pharmacy (PharmD), and dentistry (DMD). LECOM also offers two Master of Science degrees and a Post-Baccalaureate Program. LECOM offers one of the few accelerated three-year pharmacy programs in the country.
The medical school at LECOM is the largest in the United States.
LECOM is currently ranked 51st in primary care by the U.S World and News Report. LECOM is a member of the Millcreek Health System. 
History.
Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine was founded in 1992. In 2004, LECOM opened a branch campus in Bradenton, Florida, and in 2009 opened a new satellite campus in Greensburg, Pennsylvania at the site of Seton Hill University. 
Academics.
Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine Program.
The medical school offers three primary learning pathways: a traditional lecture discussion Program, a problem-based learning program, and a directed study program, as well as two, three-year programs, all leading to the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree. The Erie campus offers all three primary pathways, while the Bradenton and Greensburg campuses offer curriculum based solely on problem-based learning. The Erie campus also offers two accelerated pathways to primary care: the Primary Care Scholars Pathway (PCSP), which condenses four years of medical education into three years in order to graduate primary care physicians more quickly, and the accelerated physician assistant pathway, which provides certified physician assistants the opportunity to earn a D.O. degree in three years.
Doctor of Pharmacy.
The School of Pharmacy offers two pathways for the Doctor of Pharmacy program. One is a year-round, three-year curriculum based on the Erie campus, and the other is a four-year curriculum offered at the Bradenton campus.
Doctor of Dental Medicine.
The School of Dental Medicine opened in mid July of 2012 to its inaugural class of 100 dental students. The School of Dental Medicine prepares students for the practice of general dentistry. First-year dental students participate in problem-based learning groups along with osteopathic medical students. 
Graduate Studies.
LECOM offers three Master Degree programs. In January 2014, the College began the Master in Health Services Administration (MHSA) program. The LECOM MHSA Program provides students with the knowledge and skills required to plan, direct, and coordinate medical and health services while working as administrators in hospital or other healthcare facilities, public health care organizations, and private practice groups. The knowledge gained from the MHSA is essential for fiscal, planning and managerial work in healthcare organizations and the establishment and management of clinical practices
The Master of Science in Medical Education program is designed for healthcare professionals interested in teaching. A distance option is available with online coursework. 
The Master of Science in Biomedical Sciences is a two-year program for students interested in careers in medicine, pharmacy and other health and science related professions. The biomedical sciences program is a graduate-level program intended for post baccalaureate students who wish to enhance their understanding of the biomedical sciences and improve their overall profile to gain admission to medical school, pharmacy school, a biomedical Ph.D. program or enter the biomedical science workplace (e.g. the pharmaceutical industry). 
The Health Sciences Post-Baccalaureate Program is a two-semester post baccalaureate certificate program designed to enhance the basic science credentials of students interested in pharmacy or medical school. All coursework is conducted on the LECOM campus by the medical and pharmacy school facilities.
Health and Wellness Center.
The Lake Erie College of Osteopathic completed a project that will integrate health care services and fitness programs. The John M. and Silvia Ferretti LECOM Health and Wellness Center houses a premier fitness center as well as clinical offices for Medical Associates of Erie. The center serves as a center for the Erie community allowing them to work towards disease prevention and treatment.
The spa-quality fitness center occupies the first two floors of a three-story building. Components include three swimming pools, aerobic and yoga fitness rooms, basketball and racquetball courts, a three-lane indoor running track and a physical therapy facility. The third floor houses offices for the Medical Associates of Erie, providing Internal Medicine, Integrative Medicine, Geriatrics, Orthopedic Surgery and Obstretrics-Gynecology care.
Professional sports partnerships.
LECOM officially partnered with the Erie BayHawks of the NBA Development League in 2008 and the Erie Otters of the Ontario Hockey League in 2012. As part of those respective deals, LECOM provides medical coverage to both teams. Additionally, the LECOM's name is featured on the BayHawks' jerseys and court design at Erie Insurance Arena. The BayHawks work out and practice at the LECOM Medical Fitness and Wellness Center.

</doc>
<doc id="9796376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796376" title="Wild Energy (album)">
Wild Energy (album)

Wild Energy is the tite of Ruslana's second international English album, released in Canada on 2 September and in Europe on 10 October 2008. Recorded at the legendary Hit Factory Criteria Studios in Miami and produced by Ego Works, the album maintains Ruslana’s unique musical components blended with modern urban influences. This release contains a first for Ruslana - the collaboration with the American artists T-Pain and Missy Elliott.
It combines the elements of music, video production, literature and social commitment. Being dedicated to the idea of the independence of human feelings and freedoms using original and rarely heard ethnic sounds; the music blends these ancient styles and singing traditions of the Carpathian Mountain people with modern popular music.
About the album.
Ruslana's new project takes the listener into a future city which experiences a global energy crisis, far more threatening than lack of oil and gas. The inhabitants of the synthetic city are lacking their will for life, their energy of the heart - the "fuel for people".
The inspiration for the album was the release of the science fiction novel "Wild Energy. Lana" by Ukrainian authors Maryna and Serhiy Dyachenko in April 2006.
Notwithstanding the fictional character of the plot, it contains allegories, relevant for our time. According to Ruslana, a heart energy crisis is very likely to take over our society, if creative initiatives are not developed and supported. Ruslana's Wild Energy Project challenges the cultural degeneration, the "Energy Ice Age" of the present.
The Wild Energy single and video movie centers around main character Lana who is desperately trying to get out of the synthetic world and features sequences of trick effects, stunts and flights.
Wild Energy combines the art of music and video production, literature and social commentary and covers the whole creative year of the singer. Gradually singles, videos, album, a fantasy-show, series of comics, social projects and other elements will be presented.
Singles.
No single is confirmed yet, although some information was given by Ruslana:

</doc>
<doc id="9796382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796382" title="Heli Berg">
Heli Berg

Heli Berg, born 1953, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag 2002–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796393" title="Allan Widman">
Allan Widman

Allan Widman, born 1964, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9796405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796405" title="Sisouk na Champassak">
Sisouk na Champassak

Prince Sisouk na Champassak (March 28, 1928 in Pakse, Champassak, Laos – May 10, 1985 in Santa Ana, California, United States). He was the eldest son of Chao Bounsouane na Champassak, who was in turn the eldest son of the last King of Champassak, Chao Ratsadanay. His brother is Chao Sisanga Na Champassak.
Prince Sisouk was a member of the Na Champassak royal family or house. He served as Secretary General of the Royal Government in the Kingdom of Laos. He is the author of Storm over Laos, a history of Laos from World War II until about 1961.
He became Minister of Finance and Minister of Defense in the pre-1975 Royal Lao Government. After fleeing Laos in May 1975, as the country fell to the communist Pathet Lao, he immigrated to France. In 1981, he became a key political leader of the resistance against the communist Lao PDR government, together with General Vang Pao. He died in Vang Pao's house in Santa Ana, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9796406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796406" title="Stepin Lug">
Stepin Lug

Stepin Lug or Gaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Степин Луг or Гај) is a park-wood and, for the most part, non-residential suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipalities of Voždovac (southern part) and Zvezdara (northern part).
Location.
Stepin Lug is located on the south-eastern outskirts of Belgrade. It is a large, wooded area, roughly bordered by the neighborhoods of Veliki Mokri Lug on the north, Kumodraž on the north-west, Jajinci and Selo Rakovica on the west, Beli Potok on the south and Bubanj Potok on the east. The southern border is marked by the road of "Kružni put" and eastern by the Belgrade-Niš highway.
Characteristics.
Stepin Lug or formerly known as Titov Gaj or just Gaj, is a memorial complex, a park-wood with an area of 8,5 km². The area has a 13 distinct tree communities, but the number of the separate species is three times larger as many species were planted later even though they are not autohtonous, including both conifers and deciduous trees. They include:
Evergreen trees:
Deciduous trees:
The wildlife comprises hares, roes and pheasants. Other important historical features are the vicinity of the Torlak hill and its importance in the battles for Belgrade in the World War I and the memorial-house of vojvoda Stepa Stepanović, one of the main army-leaders of the Serbian army. For a while, wood has been named after the Yugoslav Communist president Josip Broz Tito (Titov Gaj).
Stepin Lug can be divided into several areas:

</doc>
<doc id="9796414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796414" title="Tina Acketoft">
Tina Acketoft

Tina Acketoft (born 19 March 1966 in Kokkola, Finland), is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She is a member of the Riksdag, replacing Torkild Strandberg on 11 January 2007. Acketoft was previously a member from 2002 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796425" title="Marie Wahlgren">
Marie Wahlgren

Marie Wahlgren, born 1962, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 2002 until 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796436" title="David Kirby">
David Kirby

David Kirby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9796440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796440" title="Torkild Strandberg">
Torkild Strandberg

Torkild Strandberg, born 1970, is a Swedish politician Liberal Party. He was member of the Swedish Parliament 2002-2007 and a shorter period 2010, and is chairperson of the municipal executive board in the city of Landskrona since 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="9796449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796449" title="Ulf Nilsson (politician)">
Ulf Nilsson (politician)

Ulf Nilsson, born 1945, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9796452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796452" title="Metzad">
Metzad

Metzad (), also Asfar, is an Israeli settlement and a Haredi communal settlement established in 1984 in the Gush Etzion settlement bloc in the West Bank. It is located south of Bethlehem in the eastern Judean Mountains, 14.5 km from the Green Line, outside the Separation Barrier. In 2010, Metzad had a population of 401. It falls under the municipal jurisdiction of the Gush Etzion Regional Council. 
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
History.
Metzad was established in 1984 by immigrants from the United States, the United Kingdom, South Africa and France. The settlement was built on the site of a Nahal paramilitary outpost called "Nahal Asfar" established in 1983. The first structures on Metzad were erected by the Israel Defense Forces's civil corps of engineers. They were handed over for civilian use at the time of the creation of Metzad in 1984. Initially, the road up to the settlement was unpaved, water was brought by truck, and electricity was sporadically provided by a generator.
The next phase of development involved the placement of sixty caravans to serve as homes, offices, security compound, award-winning Preschool facilities, Clinic, Youth Center, Library, Weaving and Art Studios, and Computer Center. Construction of a new neighborhood of twenty-five permanent homes began in 1992. This included the building of a Family Health Center, an industrial building housing both the Weaving Studio and a Simcha Hall for special events and an outdoor basketball court.
Metzad is the southernmost settlement in the Gush Etzion bloc, and is one of its three Haredi settlements, the others being Betar Illit and Ma'ale Amos. The settlement contains one Kollel: "Metzudat David". The synagogue is the highest building in Metzad. The second floor offers a panoramic view of the Judean Mountains, the Dead Sea and Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="9796453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796453" title="El Cantor de Buenos Aires">
El Cantor de Buenos Aires

El Cantor de Buenos Aires is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796460" title="El Cantor del circo">
El Cantor del circo

El Cantor del circo is a 1940 Argentine comedy-drama film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796465" title="Chingolo">
Chingolo

Chingolo is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796471" title="Christer Nylander">
Christer Nylander

Christer Nylander (born 1968) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9796478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796478" title="Cita en la frontera">
Cita en la frontera

Cita en la frontera is a 1940 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Libertad Lamarque.

</doc>
<doc id="9796482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796482" title="Mike Francis (politician)">
Mike Francis (politician)

Michael Gordon Francis, known as Mike Francis (born November 27, 1946), is a prominent Crowley businessman who was the chairman of the Republican Party in Louisiana from 1994–2000. A staunch fiscal and social conservative, Francis was an unsuccessful candidate for Secretary of State of Louisiana in a special election held on September 30, 2006. Francis indicated that he would again seek the position again in the jungle primary on October 20, 2007, but he failed to file his qualification papers. "I will work to ensure the right to vote. I will fight to stop voter fraud, vote buying, and vote stealing," Francis vowed in his campaign for secretary of state.
As the Republican state chairman, Francis challenged the political order, including an effort to unseat most of Governor Edwin Washington Edwards' floor leaders in the Louisiana State Senate in the 1995 elections. In the 1996 Louisiana presidential caucus won by the journalist and commentator Patrick J. Buchanan, Francis worked for then U.S. Senator William Philip "Phil" Gramm of Texas, who soon left the race and deferred to the eventual nominee, former Senator Robert J. Dole of Kansas. 
Francis has been mentioned as a potential Republican candidate for the District 4 seat on the Louisiana Public Service Commission, which will be filled in a special election on April 4, 2008, to replace member Dale Sittig of Eunice, who resigned to become director of the Louisiana Offshore Terminal Authority. Ultimately, the Republican Clyde C. Holloway of Rapides Parish won the remaining nineteen months of Sittig's term.
Early years and business.
Born in Jena, the seat of La Salle Parish in north Louisiana, Francis became wealthy in the oil processing business from his base in Acadiana. His company is based in Crowley, the seat of Acadia Parish, a rice-growing region in southwestern Louisiana, which produced two of the state's political giants of the late 20th century, Democrats Edwin Edwards and John B. Breaux. Francis also has a residence in Lafayette.
Francis is the chief executive officer for Francis Drilling Fluids, Ltd. FDF, one of the oldest drilling fluids companies on the Gulf Coast. He employs more than 350 people at locations in Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma, and Wyoming. The corporate headquarters is located in Crowley.
State Senate race, 1996.
When Republican Governor Murphy J. "Mike" Foster, Jr., named Democratic state Senator Cecil Picard as education secretary, a special election was held on August 24, 1996, to begin the process of choosing Picard's state senate successor, State Representative Gerald Theunissen, a Democrat who later switched to Republican affiliation, led the contest with 7,086 votes (29.5 percent). Francis, still state party chairman and the only Republican among the six candidates, finished in second place with 6,112 votes (25.5 percent). Four other Democrats shared the remaining but crucial 45 percent of the ballots. In the runoff election on September 21, Theunissen defeated Francis, 20,320 (55.7 percent) to 16,172 (44.3 percent).
Running for secretary of state.
The secretary of state is Louisiana's top elections officer. The office maintains corporation and government records.
"We have had a lot of criticism about professional politicians in this state. . . . People are crying out for change. Most are demanding it. . . . Our problems are not Republican or Democrat problems. They are all our problems, and we need to face them together. We need sound business principles in Baton Rouge and not more politics. To attract business, we need leaders who know how to talk business, not politics," Francis said.
Francis had promised, if elected, that he would take a business approach to the secretary of state's office and work to create jobs and to ensure "clean elections," for which he noted Louisiana has often been lacking.
Losing to Jay Dardenne.
Francis lost the race to fellow Republican Jay Dardenne, an attorney and state senator from Baton Rouge. The election was held to finish the fifteen months remaining in the term of Republican Walter Fox McKeithen, who died in the summer of 2005. Al Ater, a former Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Ferriday in Concordia Parish, had succeeded to the position because he was McKeithen's first deputy. The special election was held in conjunction with the jungle primary for other offices contested in 2006. 
Francis ran a strong third in the race, based largely on his support in mostly rural and small-town parishes in his native north Louisiana. He received 26 percent of the vote. Democratic state Senator Francis C. Heitmeier polled 28 percent, and Dardenne led the field with 30 percent. None of the other four candidates had more than 9 percent. 
Dardenne was hence scheduled to face a runoff election with Heitmeier of New Orleans. In the meantime, Francis announced that he would not support Dardenne in the second balloting but would run himself for the position in 2007. Heitmeier pulled out of the race and left Dardenne unopposed. Heitmeier's decision was surprising in that 2006 was otherwise a banner year for Democrats nationwide. Heitmeier is term-limited (as was Dardenne) and was ineligible to have sough reelection in his heavily Democratic district in 2007. 
"Just because I’m third doesn’t mean I need to sign on with one of them," Francis said on the Monday after the Saturday special election. "When you look at the voting record and history of Dardenne and Heitmeier, they are very similar. I disagree with term-limited senators running for this office." 
Francis' largely self-financed campaign ads and literature targeted what he called the senators’ "liberal" votes for taxes and abortion. 
U.S. Senator David Vitter, a Republican from Metairie in Jefferson Parish, endorsed Dardenne when a runoff appeared likely. He praised Dardenne's pro-business, governmental reform record and his "dogged determination and persistence" for term limits and other fundamental changes. "There couldn’t be a clearer choice: reform versus the courthouse crowd," Vitter claimed. 
Diana Istre Francis (born December 20, 1950) of Crowley, Francis's former wife of thirty-three years, donated $1,000 and volunteered to help Dardenne, having been quoted as saying that "God is at the head of my party."
Dardenne raised $722,631; Francis, $149,637 and added $70,000 of his own funds for a total of $219,650. In his unsuccessful race, Francis carried the support of the 2008 presidential candidate, U.S. Senator John McCain of Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="9796485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796485" title="Confesión">
Confesión

Confesión is a 1940 Argentine musical drama film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Hugo del Carril, Alberto Vila, and Alita Román.

</doc>
<doc id="9796487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796487" title="Con el dedo en el gatillo">
Con el dedo en el gatillo

Con el dedo en el gatillo is a 1940 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9796491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796491" title="Robert Kirby (disambiguation)">
Robert Kirby (disambiguation)

Robert Kirby (1948-2009) was a British musician and arranger.
Robert Kirby may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9796497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796497" title="Dama de compañía">
Dama de compañía

Dama de compañía is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796502" title="Corazón de turco">
Corazón de turco

Corazón de turco is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796506" title="Canto de amor">
Canto de amor

Canto de amor is a 1940 Argentine film, directed and written by Julio Irigoyen.

</doc>
<doc id="9796509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796509" title="Explosivo 008">
Explosivo 008

Explosivo 008 is a 1940 Argentine crime film directed by German exiled filmmaker James Bauer.

</doc>
<doc id="9796515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796515" title="Encadenado">
Encadenado

Encadenado is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796516" title="Recovery (TV drama)">
Recovery (TV drama)

Recovery is a British television film, first broadcast on BBC One in 2007, starring David Tennant and Sarah Parish.
Summary.
It deals with the life of Alan Hamilton (played by David Tennant), the former head of a construction firm, after he receives serious personality-changing brain injuries in a road accident, and the emotional feeling of his family. Tricia, his wife (played by Sarah Parish) struggles because the man she knew has gone. Throughout the programme she tries to bring him back through memories, photographs, her sons and herself.

</doc>
<doc id="9796517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796517" title="Smail Tulja">
Smail Tulja

Smail Tulja is a Montenegrin who was convicted in a Montenegro court for the 1990 murder of Mary Beal in New York City, USA. Beal went missing on September 15, 1990 and was found three weeks later in two garbage bags. She had been decapitated and dismembered. He has also been suspected of being the "Butcher of Mons". They share the similarity of leaving their victims dismembered and in garbage bags. Tulja may have committed at least seven other murders in Belgium, Albania and America. Tulja was born Smail Džurlić in Plav, Montenegro, Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="9796520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796520" title="Galleguita">
Galleguita

Galleguita is a 1923 Argentine film directed by Julio Irigoyen.

</doc>
<doc id="9796523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796523" title="Fragata Sarmiento (film)">
Fragata Sarmiento (film)

Fragata Sarmiento is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796527" title="Hay que educar a Niní">
Hay que educar a Niní

Hay que educar a Niní is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796529" title="El Haragán de la familia">
El Haragán de la familia

El Haragán de la familia (The lazy one in the family) is a black and white Argentine film that premiere on February 21, 1940.
Cast.
Directed by:
Screenplay by:
Photography:
Music
Editing
Set Design

</doc>
<doc id="9796530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796530" title="Huella">
Huella

Huella is a 1940 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9796533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796533" title="Alan Gordon (Scottish footballer)">
Alan Gordon (Scottish footballer)

Alan Gordon (14 May 1944 – 18 February 2010) was a Scottish football player who is notable for playing for the two senior sides of both Edinburgh and Dundee, and is thought to be the only player to do so.
Life and career.
School and Youth Level.
Though Edinburgh born, the earliest account of young Alan's precocious footballing talent recalls a blonde eight-year old scoring freely for Sunnybank Primary School in Aberdeen. The family sojourn in the North East was brief, however, and back home in Edinburgh, he thrived as part of the Murrayburn Primary School which had won The School Board Cup in 1954, 1955 and 1956 and four other trophies in those three seasons. He was selected to play for Edinburgh Primary Schools and would go on to captain the team that beat Bellshill Primary Schools 3–0 in the second leg of the Scottish Cup Final for the Wilson Trophy at Tynecastle, winning 4–2 on aggregate. Gordon scored once in a match which was played on 14 May 1956, his twelfth birthday. Naturally left footed, he was by now confirmed in the inside left position.
Despite winning a scholarship to the rugby union-playing George Heriot's School, and trying rugby for one season, Gordon continued to nurture his footballing prowess. Initially, for two seasons, he turned out for his local Boys Brigade 43rd Company team and then, for a single season, for Sighthill Thistle who finished second in the Lothian Amateur Under 18 League. The following season, Alan was playing for the Scottish Juvenile (Under 18) side, Edinburgh Athletic. With his awareness in the box, lethal left foot and uncanny heading ability he proved a perfect foil for the mesmeric wing play and crossing of team mate, Willie Henderson and he scored 120 goals in 80 games over two seasons. In the 1959/60 season Edinburgh Athletic won the prestigious Lord Weir Cup at New Meadowbank, beating league rivals Edina Hearts 4–1 in the final with both Gordon and Henderson on target. By the time Henderson had completed his final appearance before moving to Rangers, Gordon had scored twice and Athletic had trounced Edina Hearts again, this time 9–1 in the Insurance Cup final at Saughton Enclosure. The consolation goal for Edina near the end of the game that day was scored by John Greig, who also signed for Rangers that summer. Gordon had already signed a provisional contract with Hearts in early September 1959 at the age of 15 and, henceforth, would train twice a week at Tynecastle.
Hearts.
Having scored 13 goals in eight games for the reserves, Alan made his first team debut at Hearts, whilst still a pupil at Heriots, in a 1st Division match on 21 October 1961 against reigning League champions Celtic at Tynecastle . He was now 17 and his opposite man that day was the redoubtable Scotland international "right half", Pat Crerand. In only his second match, he played in the 1961 Scottish League Cup Final against Rangers at Hampden in front of 88,000 fans . He was fouled for the penalty from which John Cumming equalised for Hearts but the game finished a draw and he did not play in the replay, which Hearts lost. Gordon scored his first goal in senior football on his fourth appearance in an away league match against Raith Rovers and it proved the winner. He scored again in the next game at home against Motherwell but Hearts lost 6–2. In that maiden season he made 22 league appearances scoring 5 goals, including a double in a 4–1 victory against Hibs at Easter Road, with a further hat-trick coming in a Scottish Cup tie against Vale of Leithen. The highlight for the schoolboy may have been turning out on several occasions alongside Hearts' idolised forward, Willie Bauld and the friendships he struck up with other team mates such as Danny Ferguson and Billy Higgins.
Gordon continued his studies after leaving Heriot's and gained a Master of Arts degree in Economics from the University of Edinburgh, where he also studied Moral Philosophy and Spanish Literature. By the 1964–65 season he had developed into a first team regular, scoring 23 times as the "Maroons" narrowly missed out on the League title.
Dundee United.
Following a spell in South Africa in 1967 and 1968, where he played for Durban United and worked as a company representative for Beare Brothers, Gordon left Tynecastle permanently in 1969 when Jerry Kerr paid £8,000 to take him to Dundee United. While with the Tannadice club he remained Edinburgh-based as he was now studying towards his professional Chartered Accountancy qualification, training twice a week with the "Terrors". When Jim McLean was appointed manager a policy requiring all United players to live in Tayside was instigated, however, Gordon refused.
Hibernian.
Eddie Turnbull paid £12,000 to take Gordon back to Edinburgh, but this time with Hibernian. It was with the Easter Road side that he enjoyed his career highlights. In 1972–73 he helped Hibs to victory in the League Cup and Drybrough Cup, while the following season they retained the Drybrough Cup. He also featured in one of the most celebrated matches in Hibs' history, the 7–0 victory over rivals Hearts in the 1 January 1973 derby, a match in which he scored the second and seventh goals.
Dundee.
Despite this success, Gordon was sold to Dundee for £13,000 in 1974, earning the unique distinction of having represented both of Dundee and Edinburgh's senior sides. His spell with the "Dark Blues" was less successful, however. Following their last-day relegation in 1976, due to a goal difference inferior to his former side United, Gordon retired from football aged 32.
After football.
After ending his playing career, Gordon continued to work in the accountancy profession, with his clients including Irvine Welsh. During the 1980s, he co-presented the "Sportsbeat" programme on Radio Forth with DJ Tom Bell and former Hearts player and fellow chartered accountant Donald Ford. Alan appeared regularly on Scotsport with Arthur Montford and continued to work as a football reporter on both radio and television. In addition, following the election of Archie McPherson as Rector, by dint of being a graduate of that establishment, he was asked to undertake a three-year period of office as Rector's Assessor at Edinburgh University.
Gordon died on 18 February 2010, from a brain tumour, having suffered a recurrence of the cancer. which had initially prompted the removal of part of his tongue eight years earlier and which curtailed his media involvement.

</doc>
<doc id="9796540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796540" title="El Hijo del barrio">
El Hijo del barrio

El Hijo del barrio is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796545" title="Héroes sin fama">
Héroes sin fama

Héroes sin fama is a 1940 Argentine comedy-drama film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9796556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796556" title="Lennart Kollmats">
Lennart Kollmats

Lennart Kollmats (born 1943) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1998–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796561" title="Ivan Belostenec">
Ivan Belostenec

Ivan Belostenec (Born in Varaždin, ca.1594 - Lepoglava, died 2 February 1675) was a Croatian linguist and lexicographer.
Life.
In 1616. he joined the Paulists. He studied philosophy in Vienna and theology in Rome. Belostenec was a prior of Pauline monasteries in Lepoglava, Svetice at Ozalj and Sveta Jelena at Čakovec, and also a "visitator" (lat.) in Istria.
Accomplishments.
Belostenec wrote poems (which are lost) and sermons ("Ten Commandments About The Eucharist", 1672.). His main work was a bilingual dictionary "Gazophylacium, seu Latino-illyiricorum onomatum aerarium" (Gazophylacium or Illyrian-Latin treasury of words; the other copy of the book has the name "Gazophylacium illyrico-latinum"). The work remained unfinished. Except for its richness of words, (about 40,000 words at 2,000 pages of text) Gazophylacium is also important for its trilingual concept (kajkavian-chakavian-shtokavian) characteristic for the members of the Ozalj literary-linguistic circle. Gazophylacium was finished and prepared for publication by two Paulists - Jerolim Orlović and Andrija Mužar, it was published in Zagreb 1740.

</doc>
<doc id="9796563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796563" title="Solidago flexicaulis">
Solidago flexicaulis

Solidago flexicaulis (broad-leaved goldenrod, zigzag goldenrod; "Solidago latifolia" L.) is an herbaceous perennial plant of the family Asteraceae native to the United States. It grows in a variety of habitats including mesic upland forests, well drained floodplain forests, seepage swamp hummocks, and rocky woodlands.

</doc>
<doc id="9796581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796581" title="Xenophontas Moschogiannis">
Xenophontas Moschogiannis

Xenophontas (Fontas) Moschogiannis (; born 21 January 1977) is a retired Greek footballer defender.
Career.
Born in Pyrgos, Elis, Moschogiannis began playing professional football with Paniliakos F.C.. Moschogiannis would play in the Greek Super League with OFI Crete, Kerkyra FC and Asteras Tripolis. He finished his career with Ethnikos Piraeus, initially on loan from Asteras Tripolis of the Greek Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="9796582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796582" title="Floyd McKissick">
Floyd McKissick

Floyd Bixler McKissick 
(March 9, 1922 – April 28, 1991) became the first African-American student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's Law School. In 1966 he became leader of CORE, the Congress of Racial Equality, taking over from James L. Farmer, Jr. A supporter of Black Power, he turned CORE into a more radical movement. In 1968, McKissick left CORE to found Soul City in Warren County, North Carolina. He endorsed Richard Nixon for president that year, and the federal government, under President Nixon, supported Soul City. He became a state district court judge in 1990 and died on April 28, 1991. He was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
Politician and attorney Floyd McKissick, Jr., is his son.
Early life and education.
Floyd Bixler McKissick Sr. was born in Asheville, North Carolina, the son of Ernest Boyce and Magnolia Thompson McKissick. His participation with civil rights began with his NAACP membership at the age of 12. As a 13-year-old Boy Scout helping to direct traffic during a roller-skating tournament in his hometown, McKissick was pushed to the ground by a white police officer; this incident secured his involvement in civil rights. McKissick states, “I've been active in North Carolina politics I think since I was about sixteen or seventeen, in high school.” One of his early protests was in his hometown, Asheville, NC, because the city refused to permit actor Paul Robeson to speak in the city auditorium in the 1930s. He graduated from high school in 1939, and in 1940 went to Atlanta to attend Morehouse College. 
After enrolling at Morehouse, McKissick joined the U.S. Army and during World War II he served in the European Theater as a sergeant. After the war, he returned to Morehouse College where he graduated in 1948.
Early protest and political involvement.
McKissick was involved with an early freedom ride that confronted racial segregation in interstate transportation in the 1947 Journey of Reconciliation. He was the president of the Atlanta University chapter of the Progressive Party during his time at Morehouse College, a participant in voter registration, and also a supporter of Henry Wallace's 1948 presidential campaign.
In 1957, McKissick along with Nathan White Sr. headed The Durham Committee on Negro Affairs’ Economic Committee, developed plans to boycott the Royal Ice Cream Parlor in Durham, NC. Under the leadership of McKissick, twenty high school NAACP members acted in regular pickets outside of the Royal Ice Cream Parlor.
Admittance to UNC Law School.
After graduating from Morehouse in 1948, McKissick decided to pursue a career law. He returned to his native state, and applied to the University of North Carolina (UNC)Law School. He was subsequently denied admissions because of his race. After his denial he enrolled in North Carolina College (NCC) Law School, now North Carolina Central University (NCCU) in Durham North Carolina, which was the law school for blacks. While in NCC's Law School, the NAACP accepted McKissick's case and filed lawsuit against UNC. Thurgood Marshall lead the defense, and in 1951 a ruling by the United States Court of Appeals, allowed McKissick and three other students admissions to UNC's Law School. At the time of the ruling, McKissick had already begin to earn his law degree from NCCC, but he took courses at UNC during the summer of 1951. McKissick is known as the first black student to be admitted at UNC Law School.
Law efforts.
In 1955, McKissick established a law firm in Durham, NC. His law firm was involved with civil rights issues and his clients included the first black undergraduates to attend UNC-Chapel Hill in 1955. He successfully defended sit-in protesters of the Durham’s Royal Ice Cream Parlor in 1957, and the families who integrated Durham’s city school system in 1959. The lead plaintiffs in the 1959 school desegregation case were his daughter, Joycelyn, and his wife, Evelyn.
As a lawyer, McKissick’s most publicized efforts involved a segregated black local in the Tobacco Workers International, an AFL-CIO member. McKissick pressed to have black workers admitted to the skilled scale without loss of their seniority rating.
Involvement with CORE.
After the Greensboro sit-in at Woolworth’s lunch counter on February 1, 1960 Gordon Carey and James T. McCain, CORE (Congress of Racial Equality) field secretaries, were sent to the Carolinas to help with the negotiating of department store owners and to spark interest in more sit-ins. Carey was introduced to McKissick during this time. “Carey helped McKissick and students organize the demonstrations that broke out on February 8th in Durham, and in the course of the next few weeks the two men travelled over the state setting up non-violent workshops.” McKissick handled legal affairs for both the NAACP and CORE, but he withdrew from the NAACP. After leaving the NAACP and showing loyalty to CORE, he was elected to the CORE national chairmanship at the 1963 Convention.
When Floyd McKissick replaced James Farmer as head of CORE on January 3, 1966, the organization completed a 180-degree turn that saw it change from an interracial integrationist civil rights agency pledged to uphold nonviolence into a militant and uncompromising advocate of the ideology of black power. 
In 1966, James Meredith challenged America’s social system of poverty, racial segregation, and white supremacy by vowing to walk alone from Memphis, Tennessee to Jackson, Mississippi. McKissick who had recently been elected head of CORE, promised to support Meredith in his journey. Along with Martin Luther King, Jr. and Stokely Carmichael, McKissick assisted in leading a group of demonstrators the remaining 194 miles to Jackson, Mississippi. McKissick states, "We issued the call to bring all the organizations together to continue the march at the spot where he fell." 
McKissick and Roy Innis, who at that time was the head of the Harlem chapter of CORE, were close allies, and when McKissick left CORE in 1968, Innis took over.
Soul City.
After leaving CORE, McKissick launched a plan to build a new community, Soul City, in Warren County North Carolina on 500 acres of farmland. McKissick states," Soul City was an idea before the movement. Soul City actually started after World War II, in my mind. And it was first talked about when we saw the use of the Marshall Plan, and all like that. See, I've always been in real estate and I've always been a businessman."
Soul City was supposed to reverse out-migration of minorities and the poor to urban areas. Soul City was a town intended for all, but placed emphasis on providing opportunities for minorities and the poor. 
For his venture, he received a $14 million bond issue guarantee from the Department of Housing and Urban Development and a loan of $500,000 form the First Pennsylvania Bank. The state of North Carolina also gave $1.7 million and private donors gave about $1 million. With this funding, McKissick built a state-of-the art water system, a health care clinic, and a massive steel-and-glass factory named Soultech I. Soul City was projected to have 24,000 jobs and 44,000 inhabitants by the year 2004. 
Soul City, however, ran into difficulties and despite McKissick's best efforts, the project never developed as he had hoped. Finally, in June 1980, the Soul City Corporation and the federal government reached an agreement that would allow the government to assume control the following January. Under the agreement, the company retained 88 acres of the project, including the site of a mobile home park and a 60,000-square-foot building that had served as the project’s headquarters.
The Department of Housing & Urban Development paid off $10 million in loans and agreed to pay an additional $175,000 of the project’s debts. In exchange, McKissick agreed to drop a lawsuit brought to block HUD from shutting down the project.
Later Life and Death.
In June 1990, Floyd McKissick was appointed a state district court judge in the Ninth Judicial District in North Carolina, by Republican Governor James G. Martin. Less than a year after being appointed, while also working as pastor of the First Baptist Church of Soul City, McKissick died of lung cancer at the age 69 on Sunday April 28, 1991. He was buried in Soul City. He was survived by his wife, the former Evelyn Williams, whom he married in 1942; a son, Floyd McKissick,Jr; three daughters, Jocelyn, Andree, and Charmaine.

</doc>
<doc id="9796588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796588" title="Jan Ertsborn">
Jan Ertsborn

Jan Ertsborn, born 1944, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. He has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002. In October 2007, Jan Ertsborn called for the Swedish government to make bestiality illegal in the country, believing the cause for it to be legal to be unjustified. Since 2012 he is the Third Deputy Speaker of the Riksdag.

</doc>
<doc id="9796605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796605" title="Erling Bager">
Erling Bager

Erling Bager, born 1946, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1985–1998 and then again 2002–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796614" title="Eva Flyborg">
Eva Flyborg

Eva Flyborg (born 1963) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, and has been a member of the Parliament of Sweden since 1994. She has been the chairperson of the Swedish National Audit Office ("Riksrevisionen") since 2006.
Biography.
Flyborg was born and raised in Otterhällan in Gothenburg, as the youngest of four siblings in a liberal family. She was never a member of the Liberal People's Party youth wing, Liberal Youth of Sweden, but took up politics when Bengt Westerberg "came and spoke well of social responsibility and entrepreneurs and enterprises". Before she was elected to the Riksdag she worked for Volvo.
Flyborg has a son, Karl.

</doc>
<doc id="9796629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796629" title="Rosh Tzurim">
Rosh Tzurim

Rosh Tzurim (, eng. Top of the Rocks) is an Israeli settlement and a religious kibbutz in the West Bank established in 1969. It is located about south of Jerusalem, 3.9 km east of the Green Line, inside of the Separation Barrier. A member of the Religious Kibbutz Movement, it falls under the jurisdiction of the Gush Etzion Regional Council. In 2011, it had a population of 730.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this. 
History.
The settlement was established in 1969 by members of Bnei Akiva Religious Scouts and Nahal soldiers. The Name originates from the Biblical passage "For from the top of the mountains I see him" (Num 23:9). 
Rosh Tzurim is located on the site of the ancient Beth Zechariah and on a hilltop that had previously been occupied by Ein Tzurim, a kibbutz that was destroyed in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War by the Jordanian Arab Legion and later re-established in the Lakhish area.
Rosh Tzurim went through a privatization process, first through the rental of available houses, and later an additional neighborhood, Nof Tzurim, was built on the kibbutz.
Economy.
The kibbutz raises turkeys, produces milk and grows grapes for wine production along with other fruits.

</doc>
<doc id="9796637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796637" title="FC Bayern Munich II">
FC Bayern Munich II

Bayern Munich II (Bayern Munich Amateure until 2005) are the reserve team of German association football club Bayern Munich. In 2010–11 they played in the 3. Liga, having qualified for its inaugural season in 2008, and have consistently played at the third level of German football (the highest permissible level for reserve teams) — they played in the Regionalliga Süd from its formation in 1994 to 2008, when it was usurped by the 3. Liga. They have generally achieved at least mid-table finishes at this level, and won the Regionalliga Süd title in 2004. In 2010–11 Bayern II finished last in the 3. Liga and was thus relegated to the Regionalliga.
__TOC__
Overview.
The team is intended to be the final step between Bayern's youth setup and the first team, and is usually made up of promising youngsters between the age of 18 and 23, with a few veteran players drafted in to provide experience.
Bayern II has made several appearances in the DFB-Pokal, even facing the senior Bayern side in a fourth round tie in 1977 losing 5–3. Their last appearance in the cup was the 2004–05 season, when they reached the quarter final, but as of 2008, reserve teams are no longer permitted to play in the cup. In 1983 and 1987, Bayern II advanced to the national amateur cup final where they lost 0–2 to FC Homburg and 1–4 to MSV Duisburg respectively.
History.
The team's first appearance in the top-league of Bavarian football, the southern group of the Amateurliga Bayern, came in 1956, when it won the tier-four 2nd Amateurliga Oberbayern A and advanced to the next level through the promotion round. After finishing its first season in this league in mid-table, it ended 1957–58 as runners-up, two points behind local rival FC Wacker München. It repeated this achievement in 1960–61, this time coming second to TSV 1860 Munich II. Both reserve sides then descended in the league table and, in 1963, when the German football league system was severely altered, they both missed the cut-off for the new single-tier Amateurliga Bayern. "Bayern Amateure" had to finish seventh to qualify but came only 14th and found itself grouped in the new tier-four Landesliga Bayern-Süd.
It took the team four seasons in this league to work its way back up, improving year by year and, in 1966–67, it finished first and earned promotion back to the "Bayernliga". "Bayern" started well in the league, coming fourth in the first year, but then declined and was relegated again in 1971. It only took two seasons this time for the team to return to the third division and another league win in 1973 moved the team back up.
For the next 21 season, the team was to be a member of the "Bayernliga" without interruption. However, in all the 21 seasons there, the team could never win the league either, being ineligible for promotion from there to professional football anyway.
The team had few bad seasons in this time, coming relatively close to relegation only once, in 1982. It managed three runners-up finishes in the league, in 1983, 1984 and 1987 and generally existed as an upper-table side.
In 1994, with the introduction of the new tier-three Regionalliga Süd, the team qualified comfortably. It was to be a long-term member of this league, too, belonging to it until 2008, when the 3. Liga was formed. After mostly finishing in mid-table in the league, "Bayern" earned its first league title in over 30 years when it won the Regionalliga in 2004. Being already a member of the highest league in which reserve teams are permitted, the side could not take up promotion to the 2nd Bundesliga and had to stay at this level. In 2005, all reserve sides of clubs in the first and second Bundesliga changed their name from "Amateure" to "II", meaning "FC Bayern Munich Amateure" became "FC Bayern Munich II".
In 2008, the team earned promotion to the new 3. Liga, finishing eighth when a top-ten finish was needed. The club played at this level for three seasons before suffering relegation to the Regionalliga in 2010–11. It was the first time since 1973 that the team would not play in the third division and also meant the end of Hermann Gerland as the teams coach.
After coming second in the inaugural Regionalliga Bayern season in 2012–13 the team won the league the following year. This entitled the club to enter the promotion round to the 3. Liga. They lost in two games against Regionalliga West champions Fortuna Köln to determined one of the three promoted teams to the third division.
Stadium.
"Bayern II" play at the Grünwalder Stadion, which was the first team's venue until the opening of the Olympiastadion in 1972. During the 2012–13 season "Bayern II" moved to Sportpark Heimstetten, the home stadium of SV Heimstetten, caused by renovation of the Grünwalder Stadion.
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent record.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
DNQ = Bayern II did not qualify for the cup in that season;— = Since 2008–09 season reserve teams of professional clubs are no longer allowed to compete in the cup

</doc>
<doc id="9796640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796640" title="Cecilia Wigström">
Cecilia Wigström

Cecilia Wigström, born 1971, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002. Wigström was re-elected in October 2006, attracting 6,3% of the People's Party's votes in Göteborg. Wigström, a deeply Christian widow, is generally perceived to have very high moral standards.
She has often highlighted the plight of Dawit Isaak, a journalist imprisoned by the Eritrean government without trial, after demanding democratic reforms.
In 2008, Wigström was one of the strong voices supporting the controversial legislative change regulating the National Defence Radio Establishment (FRA).

</doc>
<doc id="9796643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796643" title="William Ewart Napier">
William Ewart Napier

William Ewart Napier (17 January 1881 in East Dulwich, Surrey - 6 September 1952 in Washington, D.C.) was an American chess master of English birth.
Life.
His parents emigrated to the United States when he was five years old. From 1895 he lived in Brooklyn and came into contact with some of the best chess players of the country. He had his first successes with simultaneous games, among other things winning in December 1894 versus the acting United States Chess Champion Jackson Whipps Showalter. At the beginning of 1896 he, despite his young age, became a member of the Brooklyn Chess Club and won the club championship later that year, at the age of 15. In the same year he defeated the later grandmaster Frank James Marshall in a match, winning 7:1 with 3 draws. 1897 saw him win a tournament game against ex-world champion Wilhelm Steinitz.
At the beginning of 1899 Napier traveled to Europe, in order to study music there, and visited the chess clubs of London, Paris and Berlin. In 1900 he returned to the USA and established himself in Pittsburgh. There he wrote the chess column of the newspaper Pittsburgh Dispatch. In 1901, he won a master tournament in Buffalo versus Eugene Delmar, placing behind tournament winner Harry Nelson Pillsbury, but still above Marshall. This success encouraged him to participate in the following years in some international master tournaments. He played in Monte Carlo and Hanover in 1902 as well as in Cambridge Springs in 1904. He won none of those tournaments, but in each case received a special prize for brilliantly played games, for example winning the Rothschild Brilliancy Prize for his game against Mikhail Chigorin. In July 1904, he visited Great Britain and won a well-attended tournament in London against Richard Teichmann, Joseph Henry Blackburne and Isidor Gunsberg. Subsequently, he participated in the British championship in Hastings, where he was, because of his English birth, entitled to take part, and won the tournament against Henry Atkins, whom he defeated in the pass fight with 2.5-1.5, to become the first British Chess Federation Champion. Thereafter, Atkins became the most dominant player in the history of the British Championship, winning the next nine championships in which he competed. In 1905 Napier played two matches: against Jacques Mieses the match was undecided (4-4 with 2 draws), against Teichmann he lost 1-5 with 4 draws.
Afterwards Napier withdrew from the international tournament arena. He gained American citizenship in 1908 and began a career at an insurance company, becoming vice president of the Scranton Insurance Company. He married Florence Gillespie (Pillsbury's niece), with whom he later had two daughters. Although he still participated in chess, he played no more important tournaments. When he died at the age of 71, his chess career was nearly forgotten.
His best historical Elo number was 2662. He was, at the time, 11th place in the world.
Lasker.
Napier called a game he lost to reigning World Champion Emanuel Lasker at Cambridge Springs 1904 the best of his career. The game showed great tactical skill by both players. Napier was particularly impressed by how Lasker kept his composure in severe time pressure. Lasker said afterwards to his young opponent: "It is your brilliancy, even though I won it."
Lasker - Napier
1.e4 c5 2.Nc3 Nc6 3.Nf3 g6 4.d4 cxd4 5.Nxd4 Bg7 6.Be3 d6 7.h3 Nf6 8.g4 O-O 9.g5 Ne8 10.h4 Nc7 11.f4 e5 12.Nde2 d5 13.exd5 Nd4 14.Nxd4 Nxd5 15.Nf5 Nxc3 16.Qxd8 Rxd8 17.Ne7+ Kh8 18.h5 Re8 19.Bc5 gxh5 20.Bc4 exf4 21.Bxf7 Ne4 22.Bxe8 Bxb2 23.Rb1 Bc3+ 24.Kf1 Bg4 25.Bxh5 Bxh5 26.Rxh5 Ng3+ 27.Kg2 Nxh5 28.Rxb7 a5 29.Rb3 Bg7 30.Rh3 Ng3 31.Kf3 Ra6 32.Kxf4 Ne2+ 33.Kf5 Nc3 34.a3 Na4 35.Be3 1-0

</doc>
<doc id="9796650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796650" title="Transient electromagnetics">
Transient electromagnetics

Transient electromagnetics, (also time-domain electromagnetics / TDEM), is a geophysical exploration technique in which electric and magnetic fields are induced by transient pulses of electric current and the subsequent decay response measured. TEM / TDEM methods are generally able to determine subsurface electrical properties, but are also sensitive to subsurface magnetic properties in applications like UXO detection and characterization.
TEM/TDEM surveys area very common surface EM technique for mineral exploration, groundwater exploration, and for environmental mapping, used throughout the world in both onshore and offshore applications.
Physical principles.
Two fundamental electromagnetic principles are required to derive the physics behind TEM surveys: Faraday's law of induction and Lenz's Law. A loop of wire is generally energized by a direct current. At some time ("t0") the current is cut off as quickly as possible. Faraday's law dictates that a nearly identical current is induced in the subsurface to preserve the magnetic field produced by the original current (eddy currents). Due to ohmic losses, the induced surface currents dissipate—this causes a change in the magnetic field, which induces subsequent eddy currents. The net result is a downward and outward diffusion of currents in the subsurface which appear as an expanding smoke ring when the current density is contoured.
These currents produce a magnetic field by Faraday's law. At the surface, the change in magnetic field with time is measured. The way the currents diffuse in the subsurface is related to the conductivity distribution in the ground.
This is a basic view of the physical principles involved. When conductive bodies are present, the diffusion of the transients is changed. In addition, transients are induced in the conductive bodies as well. This is only the most basic overview. The paper by McNeill is freely available from the Geonics website explaining the basics of the method.
TEM/TDEM instrumentation and sensors.
TEM/TDEM systems consist of a transmitter instrument, transmitting coil or transmitting wire, receiver coil or antenna, and receiver instrument. Depending on subsurface resistivity, current induced, receiver sensitivity and transmitter-receiver geometry, TEM/TDEM measurements allow geophysical exploration from a few metres below the surface to several hundred metres of depth.
Low-power TEM/TDEM instruments can operate using C-cell batteries, and mid-range systems (approx. 2.5 kW) can operate with automotive batteries; more powerful systems (20 kW~150 kW) require truck-mounted generators to provide the necessary current for deep investigations.
Data interpretation.
For TEM/TDEM data interpretation the software realized 1D and 2D inversion are used (IX1d, Enigma, ZondTEM1d, TDEM Geomodel).
Result of working same software - geoelectrical sections.

</doc>
<doc id="9796652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796652" title="Axel Darvik">
Axel Darvik

Axhil Darvik, born 1982, is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag 2002–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9796680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796680" title="Washington School (Mississippi)">
Washington School (Mississippi)

Washington School is a small, non-denominational, private school in Greenville, Mississippi. Washington School offers pre-school, elementary, middle, and college preparatory education to Greenville and the surrounding areas.
History.
The school was established in the spring of 1969 when citizens saw the need for a local college preparatory school. The school was established in response to the racial integration of the local public schools as required by Brown vs Board of Education
In its first year, Washington School had a total of 23 staff members and 323 students.Classes were originally held in the current elementary building. The current total enrollment is over 740 students with the average size of a graduating class being around 60 students.
Academics and arts.
Washington School's college prep curriculum is tailored to meet the requirements mandated by the Institutions of Higher Learning (College Board) and the Mississippi Association of Independent Schools. To challenge the top students academically, Advanced Placement, honors classes, and advanced classes are offered. Additionally, seniors have the option to earn up to 15 hours of college credit in a dual enrollment program. Exploration Station and Support Services are available for students who need additional help outside the instruction given by their teacher during class. 
Washington School also boasts a fine arts program consisting of concert and pep bands, violin instruction, 3-D and 2-D high school visual art programs, weekly visual arts classes for PK-6, optional visual arts classes for grades 7 and 8, as well as an impressive drama department. The elementary school has participated in the Mississippi Arts Commission's Whole Schools Initiative, which is a program designed to assist schools in integrating the arts into the school's existing curriculum.
All faculty are teaching in their area of degree and certification. A special point of pride is that 55% of the faculty have their Master's Degree and beyond.
Clubs and organizations.
There is a growing arts and athletic program that develops more and more each year. There are also a number of clubs that bring together students with similar interests and goals. The National Beta Club is an honorary society that recognizes academic excellence. Mu Alpha Theta is another club that honors achievement in mathematics. There are also The Fellowship of Christian Students and Younglife for those interested in religion. Students also have the option of participating in competitive academic teams, such as Quiz Bowl, Science Olympiad, Envirothon, Mathletes, Poetry Out Loud, and Mock Trial. The school makes community service a priority for its students in all grades. The Washington School Student Council has earned recognition as the "Most Outstanding Student Council" in MAIS for nine consecutive years.
Athletics.
Washington School supports 13 very competitive sports for boys and girls that include softball, soccer, cross-country, football, basketball, tennis, golf, baseball, and track. The facilities in place to support the various sports include a football and track complex, gymnasium, softball field, baseball field, soccer field, and an indoor practice/weight room facility. Over the years, Washington School has won numerous state championships in the top division of the Mississippi Association of Independent Schools Class AAA-Division II. The football team most recently captured the state championship in 2008 and 2009. Many Washington School student/athletes choose to continue playing their respective sports at the junior college level, the Division II level, and a few at the Division I level.

</doc>
<doc id="9796699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796699" title="Hobo (magazine)">
Hobo (magazine)

Hobo is an art and culture magazine based in New York City and Paris and founded in Vancouver in 2002.
Through collections of interviews, photo essays, and commentaries, "Hobo" incites a romantic conception of a bohemian and nonconformist spirit and is as a matter of course also ultimately a portrait of the personal interests, sentiments, lives, and aesthetics of its founders and editors.
It is mostly known for in-depth interviews of well-known actors and artists, and is often associated with the west and a reportage style of photography that expresses the beauty of natural, rural landscapes.

</doc>
<doc id="9796711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796711" title="Seven Years in Tibet (1997 film)">
Seven Years in Tibet (1997 film)

Seven Years in Tibet is a French 1997 film based on the 1952 book "Seven Years in Tibet" written by Austrian mountaineer Heinrich Harrer on his experiences in Tibet between 1944 and 1951 during World War II, the interim period, and the Chinese People's Liberation Army's invasion of Tibet in 1950. The film was directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starred Brad Pitt and David Thewlis. The score was composed by John Williams and features cellist Yo-Yo Ma.
In the story, Austrians Heinrich Harrer (Pitt) and Peter Aufschnaiter (Thewlis) are mountaineering in the north of India. When World War II begins in 1939, because of their German citizenship they are imprisoned by the British in a POW camp in Dehradun in the Himalayan foothills, in the present-day Indian state of Uttarakhand. In 1944, Harrer and Aufschnaiter escape the prison, and cross the border into Tibet, traversing the treacherous high plateau. While in Tibet, after initially being ordered to return to India, they are welcomed at the holy city of Lhasa, and become absorbed into an unfamiliar way of life. Harrer is introduced to the 14th Dalai Lama, who is still a boy, and becomes one of his tutors. During their time together, Heinrich becomes a close friend to the young spiritual leader. Harrer and Aufschnaiter stay in the country until the Chinese military campaign in 1950.
Plot.
Heinrich Harrer (Brad Pitt) and his pregnant wife Ingrid (Ingeborga Dapkūnaitė) are being driven to the train station in Graz, for Harrer's departure on an expedition to Nanga Parbat in the Himalayas. Harrer, Aufschnaiter (the leader, whom Harrer resents), and the expedition group arrive and begin climbing the mountain. After an avalanche, Aufschnaiter orders the group to retreat back to the base, despite Harrer's determination to reach the summit. On reaching the base, they learn that Britain has declared war on Germany, so they are arrested by British Indian authorities and taken by truck to Dehradun prison camp, now in Uttarakhand state. Ingrid writes to Harrer with divorce papers. After several unsuccessful escape attempts, Aufschnaiter manages to steal a British uniform and several of the prisoners escape. The members of the group go separate ways, with Harrer heading for the adjacent foothills of the Himalayas.
The rest of the group, apart from Aufschnaiter, have been recaptured. Aufschnaiter plans to travel to eastern China to find work. However, he joins group with Harrer and the two cross the border into Tibet and set out east, but are intercepted by two men on horseback who tell them that foreigners are strictly forbidden in Tibet because of an ominous prophecy from the 12th Dalai Lama. They are brought back to India, but they escape and climb up the Tibetan Plateau. Harrer and Aufschnaiter join pilgrims traveling to Lhasa, covering their faces to avoid recognition as foreigners. When they try to steal food, Kungo Tsarong (Mako) invites them to stay at his home. At the guest quarters of Tsarong's home a Tibetan tailor named Pema Lhaki arrives to measure the two men; though both Aufschnaiter and Harrer take interest in her, Aufschnaiter wins her over and subsequently marries her.
The foreigners are observed through a telescope by the young Dalai Lama from the nearby Potala Palace. The Tibetan regent, Ngawang Jigme (B. D. Wong), on orders of the suspicious government in Lhasa, visits the Chinese embassy in the city and tells the officials there to stop subsidizing the monasteries. A Chinese official offers to bribe Ngawang Jigme, but he refuses. The Dalai Lama's mother (Gyalyum Chenmo) instructs Harrer on courtesy when meeting the Dalai Lama. Harrer enters the interior halls of the Potala Palace. At the Dalai Lama's request, Harrer begins tutoring the Dalai Lama in world geography and the ways of the west.
While Harrer and Afschnaiter are attending a party, a Tibetan turns on the radio and a Chinese announcer proclaims that they plan to invade and occupy Tibet. That night, the Dalai Lama has a prophetic nightmare of Chinese atrocities near the Tibetan border in Taktser, his birthplace, with monasteries being burnt down.
Three Chinese generals fly to Lhasa to speak with the Dalai Lama, but they are visibly contemptuous of him and the leader of the delegation tells Ngawang Jigme that "religion is poison". The Dalai Lama sends Ngawang Jigme to lead the Tibetan army at the border town of Chamdo to halt a Chinese advance, but Ngawang Jigme surrenders and then blows up the Tibetan ammunitions dump after a sadly one-sided battle in which hundreds of Tibetans are slaughtered by better equipped and trained Chinese troops. During a treaty signing in Lhasa, Kungo Tsarong tells Harrer that if Jigme had not destroyed the weapons supply, Tibetan guerillas could have held the mountain passes, buying time to appeal to other nations for help. As the Chinese invade and occupy Tibet, Harrer visits Ngawang Jigme to menace him about "betraying his culture".
The Dalai Lama, now fifteen years old, is formally enthroned as the spiritual and temporal leader of Tibet. Harrer pays a final visit to the Lama on top of the Potala and prays with him. Harrer bids farewell to Aufschnaiter and Pema and returns to Austria in 1951 to visit his son Rolf, now a young boy. His son refuses to meet with him, but Harrer leaves for him the music box that the Dalai Lama gave him when he departed Tibet. Harrer and Rolf are then seen mountain-climbing, suggesting he did mend his relationship with his son at the end of the film. 
The film ends with a series of title cards that list figures that quantify the death and destruction as a result of Chinese occupation. Harrer kept a good relationship with the Dalai Lama after he had to flee from Tibet to India; the two and stayed in touch until Harrer's death.
Production.
Most of the shooting took place in Argentina, in the city of La Plata (the train station where Heinrich leaves for Unserberg is the Main Train Station of La Plata, for example), and in the Mendoza Province, in such places as the Andes chain of mountains. Some time after the film's release, director Jean-Jacques Annaud confirmed that two crews secretly shot footage for the film in Tibet, amounting to approximately 20 minutes of footage in the final film. Other footage was shot in Nepal, Austria, and Canada.
Comparisons between the film and the book.
There are a number of significant differences between the book and the film.
In the film, Harrer is hailed as a 'German hero', and replies "Thank you, but I'm Austrian". To have said that in 1939 would have been extremely bold, since Austria had been part of Greater Germany since the Anschluss of April 1938. In the book, Harrer says nothing about any such remark. Harrer at the train station in 1939 appears hostile to the Nazi Party, taking their flag with reluctance. The real-life Heinrich Harrer was in fact a committed Nazi Schutzstaffel officer.
The film makes his son a key theme, but in the book, Harrer does not mention his wife or son. He had in fact been married and divorced, as the film shows, but his ex-wife's new husband was killed in the war and Harrer's son was raised by his ex-wife's mother. In his autobiography, Harrer gives details of his contact with his son, but nothing to support what the film shows. In the book, Harrer says there was little to tie him to home as one of the reasons for staying in Tibet and not returning to Europe.
The pre-invasion visit of Chinese Communist negotiators to Lhasa, arriving at an airfield constructed by Tibetans, and their departure for China after a brief conference with their Tibetan counterparts—including the desecration of the sand mandala as well as the "religion is poison" remark as depicted in the film, do not occur in the book or in any of the numerous histories that have been written about the matter. There was no air link until Lhasa Gonggar Airport was constructed in 1956—when the Dalai Lama visited Beijing in 1954, he used the still-incomplete road system.
The whole sequence of negotiations and the installation of the Dalai Lama as ruler are out of sequence. Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama was enthroned as the temporal leader of Tibet on 17 November 1950. After the Chinese crossed the Jinsha River and defeated the Tibetan army in October 1950, a Tibetan delegation was sent to Beijing and agreed on the Seventeen Point Agreement for the Peaceful Liberation of Tibet. Meanwhile, the Dalai Lama left Lhasa and took refuge on the border with India and Sikkim. The Dalai Lama disliked the agreement, but returned to Lhasa and for several years and tried to work within its terms.
Release.
"Seven Years in Tibet" premiered on September 13, 1997 at the 20th annual Toronto International Film Festival. The film was commercially released on October 8, 1997 in the United States and Canada, with the film being distributed to 2,103 theaters for its domestic opening weekend. After its run, the film grossed $37,957,682 domestically and $93,500,000 overseas with an overall box office gross of $131,457,682.
Critical reception.
Based on 33 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, the film received a 61% approval rating from critics, with an average score of 6.3/10. Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating in the 0–100 range based on reviews from top mainstream critics, calculated an average score of 55, based on 18 reviews.
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" acclaimed the film in general, stating that ""Seven Years in Tibet" is an ambitious and beautiful movie with much to interest the patient viewer, but it makes the common mistake of many films about travelers and explorers: It is more concerned with their adventures than with what they discover. Additionally, Ebert believed that the film was told from the perspective of the wrong character and thought that the casting of Pitt and Thewlis should have been switched around. Derek Elley of "Variety" praised the film's overall production value, but thought that "for a story with all the potential of a sweeping emotional drama set in great locations, too often you just long for the pic to cut loose from the ethnography and correct attitudes and go with the drama in old Hollywood style."
Controversy.
As the film was being released, it was condemned by the government of the People's Republic of China, stating that Communist Chinese military officers were intentionally shown as impolite and arrogant, brutalizing the local people. However, the Dalai Lama's portrayal has been noted as a positive one. Director Jean-Jacques Annaud and stars Brad Pitt and David Thewlis were banned from ever entering China. Annaud has since been welcomed back to China with open arms in 2012 to chair the jury of the 15th annual Shanghai International Film Festival. Also in dispute is the use of "Chinese Embassy in Tibet" and the term "occupation of Tibet", in view of the Tibetan sovereignty debate.

</doc>
<doc id="9796716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796716" title="Ibei HaNahal">
Ibei HaNahal

Ibei HaNahal () is a haredi Israeli settlement outpost within the Gush Etzion settlement block in the West Bank. Its residents established it as an ecovillage. The outpost is under the jurisdiction of the Gush Etzion Regional Council. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="9796720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796720" title="Jim French (horse)">
Jim French (horse)

Jim French (foaled in Kentucky in 1968, died in 1992), was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by Ralph Wilson, owner of the National Football League Buffalo Bills. He was by Graustark and out of Dinner Partner. Despite his first-rate pedigree, Jim French was small and dull brown. 
Trained by John P. Campo, Jim French was put through a regimen that would be heavily criticized now. Campo put the two-year-old through 11 races in a space of four months. In November 1970 alone, he raced four times, winning the Remsen Stakes.
Triple Crown Prep.
In December, Campo took Jim French to Florida in order to prepare him for the Kentucky Derby. 
On December 26, 1970, Jim French fought Sir Dagonet for a win in the Miami Beach Handicap at Tropical Park. Two weeks later, he won the Dade Metropolitan Handicap by a nose, carrying top weight. Eleven days later, he came fast in the Hibiscus Stakes at Hialeah, only to be beaten by Executioner. Another two weeks later, closing from 10th place, Jim French ran past His Majesty in the Bahamas Stakes. Two weeks passed, and he was only a head behind His Majesty in the Everglades Stakes. Once again, two weeks later, he finished third behind Executioner from 19 lengths in the Flamingo Stakes. 
Campo shipped him to New York to run 17 days later in the Bay Shore Stakes against Hoist The Flag. Jim French ran a blistering 1:21. Only one week later in Florida, he was run in the Florida Derby finishing third to Eastern Fleet, running the race a hair off the stakes record. Jim French was flown to California to run one week later in the Santa Anita Derby, which he won. Back in New York two weeks later, he ran in the Wood Memorial.
The Derby, the Preakness, the Belmont.
Jim French had competed in 10 stakes in over four months. Now he arrived in Kentucky to race in the Kentucky Derby. In the Derby, he was a fast closing second to Canonero II, beating Bold Reason. In Canonero II's track record-breaking Preakness Stakes, Jim French was third. In the Belmont Stakes, he again came on fast to take second to Pass Catcher.
Two weeks later.
Campo entered Jim French in the Arlington Classic (then called the Pontiac Grand Prix). Three weeks later, yet again shipped to California, he placed in the Hollywood Derby. He lost to Bold Reason, who carried thirteen fewer pounds. One week later in New York, Jim French won the Dwyer Stakes, giving away 12 to 15 pounds to the rest of the field. 
In this short time, he was never less than fourth (not counting one disqualification). He ran at 10 tracks in six states and flew across the country four times.
Four weeks later, he was ninth in the Monmouth Handicap (now called the Philip H. Iselin Stakes). After the race, he was found to have a spur in his right knee. Rumors flew that Jim French had "been got to." His owner claimed the horse had lost by "a nefarious act."
Who owns Jim French?
Jim French went to Saratoga, New York, for the Travers Stakes. Before he could race, he was impounded by the Saratoga County sheriff's office, and his entry was refused by the track's stewards. State steward Francis P. Dunne called it “...the most complex racing situation I've ever encountered.” 
Jim French seemed to be owned by two people: Frank Caldwell and Etta Sarant. Caldwell proclaimed early in August 1971 that he had sold a 70% interest in the horse to Mrs. George Sarant, wife of a Long Island automobile dealer. Jim French ran in the name of Etta Sarant at Monmouth, where he finished ninth in the $100,000 Monmouth Invitational, but when the horse was shipped back to Saratoga it was revealed by New York racing officials that Mrs. Sarant did not have a New York owner's license. 
Campo said at the time that the Sarants, after only a few weeks of ownership, had let their 70% go to Fred R. Cole, a construction executive from Long Island. Cole wired the NYRA stewards on the eve of the Travers in an attempt to satisfy them of the legitimacy of his ownership of the horse and his eligibility to run Travers Stakes the next day. However, the appeal to the stewards was too late as entries for the Travers had closed the morning prior.
When Caldwell took out a bank loan from the Citizens National Bank, he stated he was the sole owner. The bank advanced him $130,000. A director of the bank, Leslie Combs II, was also assured Jim French would stand at his Spendthrift Farm in Lexington, Kentucky, when his racing days were over. Citizens Bank during their course of investigation discovered that the horse's true owner was R. Robert LiButti (also known as Robert Presti). LiButti had been barred from racing in 1968. 
Having missed the Travers, Jim French was sold to art dealer Daniel Wildenstein for $1 million and retired to Haras de la Verrerie in France. Not proving successful at stud (although he sired Jimka, dam to Jim And Tonic, one of only ten horses ever selected for the French Horse Racing Hall of Fame), he then went to Japan in 1979.
Jim French, called a "road warrior" by Steve Haskin of The Blood-Horse magazine, died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9796723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796723" title="Bibliotheca Classica">
Bibliotheca Classica

The Bibliotheca Classica (Reading, November, 1788), or "Classical Dictionary containing a full Account of all the Proper Names mentioned in Ancient Authors" is the best-known work of John Lemprière, an English classical scholar. Edited by various later scholars, the dictionary long remained a readable if not absolutely trustworthy reference book in mythology and classical history. Lemprière wished "to give the most accurate and satisfactory account of all the proper names which occur in reading the Classics, and by a judicious collection of anecdotes and historical facts to draw a picture of ancient times, not less instructive than entertaining."
The dictionary has been a handbook for teachers, journalists, dramatists and poets for almost 200 years and John Keats is said to have known the book almost by heart. "Far from being just an ordinary dictionary, however, Lemprière's encyclopedic work is full of incidental details and stories which bring the mythical past to life." It is also assumed that the great scholar Richard Valpy helped Lemprière with the dictionary.
Many ships of the Royal Navy were named from Greek and Roman mythology during the Napoleonic Wars. Lord Sandwich, the First Lord of the Admiralty, had a copy of this book on his desk and simply plucked a name from within. For example, HMS "Bellerophon", HMS "Charon", HMS "Orion", HMS "Leander", HMS "Minotaur", HMS "Pegasus", HMS "Phaeton", HMS "Theseus", HMS "Venus".

</doc>
<doc id="9796727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796727" title="Hellaby">
Hellaby

Hellaby is a civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. It is situated east from the centre of Rotherham and forms a continuous urban area with Maltby, separated from the rest of Rotherham by Junction 1 (Bramley Interchange) of the M18. It is situated by Hellaby Brook and, whilst signposted as "Hellaby Village", the parish has no school, church or post office.
History.
The name Hellaby is formed from “Helgebi”, the Domesday orthography by which Norman scribes attempted to express a sound. “Helgebi” was noted in the "Domesday Book" of 1086 as being within the Parish of Stainton and entrusted by Roger de Busli, who was instrumental in the founding of nearby Roche Abbey, whose foundations were laid in 1147.
Although mentioned in the "Domesday Book" dated back nine hundred years, the ending of the name in “bi” would indicate a Scandinavian influence and settlement that would have been standing many years previous to this. 
The Humber would have proved an ideal landing point with followers of the Vikings, “helgi” and “mault” (Maltby), sailing up the Rivers Trent and Idle and establishing themselves in the nearby limestone valleys with their clear waters and fertile soil. The “Helgebi” settlement would have been built around the nearby streams with land being used for cultivation, woodland and grazing and it is doubtful whether the combined population of the two settlements would have exceeded two hundred souls.
Part of the present Hellaby Hall estate is listed with English Heritage as the deserted site of a Medieval village, with the remains of a well, square ditched enclosure, example of ridge and furrow ploughing method, post Medieval long house, corn drying oven and indications of metal working.
Located between the highway and the hall, recent excavations revealed five plots and croft remains, which could have been used for domestic use with recovered pottery sherds identifying occupation between the 10th and 15th centuries. The crafts had been constructed of freestanding, limestone blocks, infilled with rubble.
Desertion of the medieval village probably occurred in the 15th Century, though it is not known for what reason. Over two thousand abandoned villages had been recorded nationally during the 14th and 15th century with varied reasons for desertion, including economic viability, change in land use, population fluctuation or as a result of widespread epidemics such as the Black Death. (As a point of interest, this particular epidemic accounted for the death of nearly 60% of the estimated population of the Deanery of Doncaster).
As a consequence of their abandonment, many villages lay frequently undisturbed by later occupation and particularly small villages are not well represented in the archaeological record. The site here at Hellaby Hall is a rare example of such a village, which has been partially excavated and found to retain substantial remains relating to this class of listed site monument. 
Whilst surrounding settlements such as Maltby developed into a township, Hellaby remained a hamlet, entirely dependent on its one estate without either a church or a public house.
Local entries noted that the original name of “Helgebi”, which became Hellaby, had variations such as “helughby”, and by 1379 the name along with its derivatives was spreading into neighbouring villages. In spite of this, by the time Parish Registers were introduced in 1538, the family name of Hellaby and all its variations had entirely died out.
The last of the male line was William of Hellaby, described as a cattle dealer. The fact that he paid 12d, the maximum amount of tax due, indicated his wealth and standing in the community. It was his daughter, who as heiress to the estate married John Fretwell of Braithwell, in around 1530, during the time of Henry VIII and although the Hellaby family name ended, it survived as the name of the estate and the village. The daughter died around 1560 and the lands came into the Fretwell family.
Although the Fretwell family owned the Hellaby Estate, they continued to live in the nearby village of Braithwell. The hearth tax returns of 1667 indicated that they occupied three houses in the locality. This included the vicarage at Stainton, the family home at Braithwell, which had four fireplaces and a dwelling at Hellaby with eight fireplaces. This was not the present Hall but an earlier building, probably of Tudor style and most likely built on the same site.
The man responsible for the building of the Hellaby Hall was the Great, Great, Great grandson of John Fretwell, Ralph Fretwell who was baptised in Sheffield on 23 June 1631.
Ralph Fretwell went to Barbados and started a sugar plantation. He became one of the pioneers who laid the foundation of British Trade and prosperity and by his industry he was granted an export licence by Charles II to export horses, bred on the Hellaby estate, to Barbados to turn the mills to crush the sugar cane and in return sugar was imported into the district through the Port of Hull. By 1700, exports from Barbados exceeded in value those of all North America together.
He named the highest mount in Barbados, which happened to be on his estate, “Hillaby Mount”. He is thought to have owned a large part of Philadelphia and he was appointed Chief Justice of Court Justice of Court of Common Pleas in Barbados.
In 1671 he became a Quaker and in 1674 was removed from office because of his beliefs. Numerous prosecutions followed for allowing negroes to attend religious meetings in his house, for not paying church dues and for not carrying out Militia duties.
Ralph Fretwell returned to Hellaby around 1688 and commenced building of the present hall, farm and cottages. Completed in 1692, the Hall was designed in the Jacobean style. The doorway having an open segmental entablature on Tuscan Pilasters. Gables on each side with big, fleshy volutes rising in slopes and curves to a flat top. Three sides of the hall are built of coursed magnesium limestone from local quarries and the front, faced with Roche Ashlar.
With a Dutch impression that was influenced by the style common in the colonies, the Hall was built on a hill and hence an extra storey was required to obtain the height at the front elevation.
Ralph Fretwell did not get on well with his wife and so returned to Barbados after the Hall was finished in 1692 and died there in 1701. In the inventory of his goods at Hellaby (which accompany his will in archives at York) he left £5000 to each of his three daughters, as well as the Hellaby Estate.
The younger daughter died before the age of eleven years, the youngest, Mabel, married Dr Samuel Swyfen of Lichfield in 1710. Swynfen was the godfather of Dr Samuel Johnson and Mabel eventually became the housekeeper of Dr Johnson. The eldest daughter, Dorothy married John Pyott, and it was to her that the estate and adjoining farmlands, descended.
The daughter of Dorothy and John Pyott, also named Dorothy, married Peter Johnson, Recorder of York. They had one daughter only, named Dorothea, who became heir representative of the estate and when she married Sir John Eden of West Auckland, the Hellaby Estate came into the Eden family, the most prominent member of the family being Lord Avon, Sir Anthony Eden, former Prime Minister. 
The Eden family had no need of Hellaby Hall as their interests were in York. Much of the original staircase and oak panelling were removed and it became a farmhouse for various tenant farmers.
For a while it was let to Samuel Clarke who was an active Methodist and the main introducer of Methodism into Maltby.
Morrell.
Circa 1870–1918
The Hellaby Hall estate was sold by Sir William Eden to the Morrell family in 1870. Sir Anthony Eden, on his retirement, built a house on the Island of Barbados, only a few miles from where Ralph Fretwell’s fortune had been made. The hall was again sold in 1918 to Cliff Carnelly.
Carnelly.
Circa 1918–1994
Carnelly was the last resident of Hellaby Hall when he moved out in 1976 and a fire in July 1980 destroyed much of the original inside of the building. For many years it lay in dis - repair whilst the owners of the time and the council determined who should be responsible for the restoration of the hall. A local company finally purchased the estate and with the guidance of English Heritage went about restoring much of the original hall as well extending the facilities to become a hotel. It only opened for three months and stayed closed for nearly four years.
On 14 August 1995 Tomorrows Leisure plc acquired Hellaby Hall.
Hellaby Hall was expanded with modern buildings, and was reopened in 1995 as a hotel.
Community.
Parish council.
In 2011 Hellaby was split from Bramley to become a separate civil parish. A parish council was created with 5 councillors, and the first election was held on 5 May 2011.
Religion.
Despite not having a parish church, Hellaby has the East of the pennines Assembly hall, which serves the Jehovah's witness community of the surrounding bay areas.
Hellaby Community Hall.
There have been recent moves to sell the land where Hellaby local community hall (unused since 2007) is situated. After the 2007 closure a developer planned to demolish it. Applications for planning permission were made in 2008 and 2011. Local residents protested as it is the last of the local facilities in the village. Both applications were withdrawn.
Centenary Hall is now reopened to the public following a period of repair.

</doc>
<doc id="9796738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796738" title="Ludwigsfelder FC">
Ludwigsfelder FC

Ludwigsfelder FC is a German football club from Ludwigsfelde in Brandenburg.
History.
The association was created in 1947 as "Vorwärts Ludwigsfelde" as the postwar successor to "Rot-Weiß Ludwigsfelde" established in 1939. The club was renamed "BSG Traktor Ludwigsfelde" in 1952, then "BSG Motor Ludwigsfelde" in 1953, before going on to make several appearances in East Germany's second division DDR-Liga through the 1970s and 1980s.
After German reunification in 1990 the club competed in the Landesliga Brandenburg (VI) until winning its way to the Verbandsliga Brandenburg (V) in 1997. In 2004 a Verbandsliga championship saw the club promoted to the NOFV-Oberliga Nord where they played until their relegation in 2011.
Ludwigsfelde won the Brandenburgischer Landespokal in 2003 with a 1–0 victory over Brandenburger SC Süd 05. This qualified the team for the DFB-Pokal where they were defeated 1–9 by Bundesliga side SV Werder Bremen in the first round.
Stadium.
Ludwigsfelder FC plays its home fixtures at the Waldstadion which has a capacity of 7,500.

</doc>
<doc id="9796748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796748" title="Angels Come on Time">
Angels Come on Time

Angels Come on Time is a self-produced album by Boston trio The Slip. It was released in 2002 as the band's debut album for the Rykodisc record label. It was recorded in 2001, in part at The Barn, a recording studio owned by Phish's Trey Anastasio. Timo Shanko appears in a supporting role on "Angels Come on Time", playing saxophone on selected tracks. The album earned Relix magazine's "Studio Album of the Year", tying for the award with Medeski Martin & Wood's "Uninvisible".

</doc>
<doc id="9796766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796766" title="French Connection">
French Connection

The French Connection was a scheme through which heroin was smuggled from Turkey to France and then to the United States through Canada. The operation reached its peak in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and was responsible for providing the vast majority of the illicit heroin used in the United States. It was headed by the Corsican criminals Paul Carbone (and his associate François Spirito) and Antoine Guérini, and also involved Auguste Ricord, Paul Mondoloni, Salvatore Greco, and Meyer Lansky. Most of its starting capital came from assets that Ricord had stolen during World War II when he worked for Henri Lafont, one of the heads of the Carlingue (French Gestapo) during the German occupation in World War II.
From the 1930s to the 1950s.
Illegal heroin labs were first discovered near Marseille, France, in 1937. These labs were run by the notorious Corsican gang leader Paul Carbone. For years, the Corsican underworld had been involved in the manufacturing and trafficking of illegal heroin abroad, primarily to the United States. It was this heroin network that eventually became known as "the French Connection".
The Corsican Gang was closely allied with the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the SDECE after World War II in order to prevent French communists from bringing the Old Port of Marseille under their control.
Historically, the raw material for most of the heroin consumed in the United States came from Indochina, then Turkey. Turkish farmers were licensed to grow opium poppies for sale to legal drug companies, but many sold their excess to the underworld market, where it was manufactured into heroin and transported to the United States. The morphine paste was refined in Corsican laboratories in Marseille, one of the busiest ports in the western Mediterranean Sea. The Marseille heroin was reputed for its quality.
Marseille served as a perfect shipping point for all types of illegal goods, including the excess opium that Turkish farmers cultivated for profit. The convenience of the port at Marseille and the frequent arrival of ships from opium-producing countries made it easy to smuggle the morphine base to Marseille from the Far East or the Near East. The French underground would then ship large quantities of heroin from Marseille to New York.
The first significant post-World War II seizure was made in New York on February 5, 1947, when seven pounds (3 kg) of heroin were seized from a Corsican sailor disembarking from a vessel that had just arrived from France.
It soon became clear that the French underground was increasing not only its participation in the illegal trade of opium, but also its expertise and efficiency in heroin trafficking. On March 17, 1947, 28 pounds (13 kg) of heroin were found on the French liner, "St. Tropez". On January 7, 1949, more than 50 pounds (22.75 kg) of opium and heroin were seized on the French ship, "Batista".
After Paul Carbone's death during the war, the Guérini clan was the ruling dynasty of the Unione Corse and had systematically organized the smuggling of opium from Turkey and other Middle Eastern countries. The Guérini clan was led by Marseilles mob boss Antoine Guérini and his brothers, Barthelemy, Francois and Pascal.
The 1960s.
The first major French Connection case occurred in 1960. In June, an informant told a drug agent in Lebanon that Mauricio Rosal, the Guatemalan Ambassador to Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, was smuggling morphine base from Beirut, Lebanon to Marseille. Narcotics agents had been seizing about 200 pounds (90 kg) of heroin in a typical year, but intelligence showed that the Corsican traffickers were smuggling in 200 pounds (90 kg) every other week. Rosal alone, in one year, had used his diplomatic status to bring in about 440 pounds (200 kg).
The Federal Bureau of Narcotics's 1960 annual report estimated that from 2,600 to 5,000 pounds (1,200 to 2,300 kg) of heroin were coming into the United States annually from France. The French traffickers continued to exploit the demand for their illegal product, and by 1969, they were supplying the United States with 80 to 90 percent of its heroin.
Because of this increasing volume, heroin became readily available throughout the United States. In an effort to limit the source, U.S. officials went to Turkey to negotiate the phasing out of opium production. Initially, the Turkish government agreed to limit their opium production starting with the 1968 crop.
At the end of the 1960s, after Robert Blemant's assassination by Antoine Guerini, a gangwar sparked in Marseille, caused by competition over casino revenues. Blemant's associate, Marcel Francisci, continued the war over the next years
Jean Jehan.
Former New York City Police Department Narcotics Bureau detective Sonny Grosso has stated that the kingpin of the French Connection heroin ring during the 1950s into the 1960s was Corsican Jean Jehan. Although Jehan arranged the famous 1962 deal gone wrong of 64 pounds of "pure" heroin, with a street value of $220 million, he was never arrested for his involvement in international heroin smuggling. According to Grosso, all warrants for the arrest of Jehan were left open. For years thereafter, Jehan was reported to be seen ranging and operating drug activities at will throughout Europe. According to William Friedkin, Jehan was a member of the French Resistance to Nazi Occupation during World War II and, because of that, French law enforcement officials, especially, refused to arrest Jehan. Friedkin was told that Jehan died peacefully at home in Corsica from old age.
The 1970s and the dismantling of the French Connection.
Following five subsequent years of concessions, combined with international cooperation, the Turkish government finally agreed in 1971 to a complete ban on the growing of Turkish opium, effective June 29, 1971. During these protracted negotiations, law enforcement personnel went into action. One of the major roundups began on January 4, 1972, when agents from the U.S. Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs (BNDD) and French authorities seized 110 pounds (50 kg) of heroin at the Paris airport. Subsequently, traffickers Jean-Baptiste Croce and Joseph Mari were arrested in Marseille. One such French seizure from the French Connection in 1973, netted 210 pounds (95 kg) of heroin worth $38 million.
In February 1972, French traffickers offered a U.S. Army sergeant $96,000 to smuggle 240 pounds (109 kg) of heroin into the United States. He informed his superior who in turn notified the BNDD. As a result of this investigation, five men in New York and two in Paris were arrested with 264 pounds (120 kg) of heroin, which had a street value of $50 million. In a 14-month period, starting in February 1972, six major illicit heroin laboratories were seized and dismantled in the suburbs of Marseille by French national narcotics police in collaboration with U.S. drug agents. On February 29, 1972, French authorities seized the shrimp boat, "Caprice des Temps", as it put to sea near Marseille heading towards Miami. It was carrying 915 pounds (415 kg) of heroin. Drug arrests in France skyrocketed from 57 in 1970 to 3,016 in 1972. Also broken up as part of this investigation was the crew of Vincent Papa, whose members included Anthony Loria Sr. and Virgil Alessi. The well-organized gang was responsible for distributing close to a million dollars in heroin up and down the East Coast during the early 1970s, which in turn led to a major New York Police Department (NYPD) corruption scheme. The scope and depth of this scheme are still not known, but officials suspect it involved corrupt NYPD officers, who allowed Papa, Alessi, and Loria access to the NYPD property/evidence storage room at 400 Broome Street, where hundreds of kilograms of heroin lay seized from the now-infamous French Connection bust, the missing heroin replaced with flour and cornstarch.
The substitution was discovered only when officers noticed insects eating all the bags of "heroin". By that point an estimated street value of approximately $70 million worth of heroin had already been taken. The racket was brought to light and arrests were made. Certain plotters received jail sentences, including Papa. (Papa was later murdered in federal prison in Atlanta, Georgia; several conflicting reasons why have been suggested).
The French Connection investigation demonstrated that international trafficking networks were best disabled by the combined efforts of drug enforcement agencies from multiple countries. In this case, agents from the United States, Canada, Italy and France had worked together to achieve success.
Ultimately, the Guérini clan was exterminated in the French underworld. In 1971, Marcel Francisci was accused by police forces in the U.S. Bureau of Narcotics of being involved in the trafficking of heroin between Marseilles and New York City. On 16 January 1982, Marcel Francisci was killed in Paris, France. He was shot to death in the parking lot of the building where he lived as he was entering his car.
Gangsters linked with the French Connection.
American mobsters.
Carmine "The Cigar" Galante, Bonanno Crime Family Gangster
Joseph "Don Peppino" Bonanno, Bonanno Crime Family Boss

</doc>
<doc id="9796772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796772" title="Kiyone Station">
Kiyone Station

The station is located in the former village of Kiyone, a village which was merged with the expanded city of Sōja in March 2005.
Station building and platforms.
Kiyone Station two platform capable of handling five lines simultaneously. Each platform has an upper (上り) and lower end (下り) of the platform. 
Environs.
The Takahashi River flows near Kiyone Station.

</doc>
<doc id="9796778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796778" title="Tour de Donut">
Tour de Donut

The Tour de Donut is an annual bicycle race held in Staunton, Illinois. In this unique 30-mile race, riders' times are reduced by five minutes for each doughnut they consume during two pit stops in the nearby towns of Worden and Prairietown.
History.
The Tour de Donut was started in 1989 by a group of Southwestern Illinois cyclists who thought a race spoofing the Tour de France would be a natural. Members of the now defunct Mid-America Bicycle Club were discussing ideas for a unique ride, and the Tour de Donut was born. The Mid-America Bicycle Club folded in 1998 and former members sought a new sponsor. Since then, St. Louis’ Boeing Employees Bicycle Club has sponsored the event. The race is also sponsored by the Staunton Chamber of Commerce.
Tours.
Staunton, Illinois.
The first race started in 1989 with approximately 25 riders. The race has grown throughout the years and now has over 1,000 cyclists participate in the race. The 2011 event had over 1,600 finishers.
Arcanum, Ohio.
In September 2007 a Tour de Donut was started in Arcanum, Ohio by Colavita Ohio Cycling club. The annual event has exploded to one of the largest rides in Ohio and is held the first Saturday after Labor Day. The 2010 event had 703 finishers.
The 2011 event had 920 participants. The 2012 event had 1354 participants.The event moved to Downtown Arcanum in 2012. The 2013 event had over 1600 participants and offered a free kids race for the first time that had 70 kids racing in the enclosure in Downtown Arcanum. The event is promoted by Colavita Ohio cycling club a division of the 501c3 not for profit Rocketship Sports Management.
Greenville, Michigan.
The event has been held at the Klackle Orchards Family Fun Farm west of Greenville, Michigan since 2009. A 30 mile race where three minutes (not the traditional five minutes) are deducted from your actual time for each donut consumed. The 2010 event had 321 finishers.
American Fork, Utah.
The event has been hosted by the Rotary Club of American Fork in American Fork, Utah since 2008. A 21 mile race where three minutes (not the traditional five minutes) are deducted from your actual time for each donut consumed. The 2010 event had 245 finishers.
Katy, Texas.
In July 2004, Katy, Texas started making the Tour de Donut an annual event as well. Known as the "Sweetest Bike Ride in Texas", the 28 mile race benefits the Make-A-Wish Foundation of the Texas Gulf Coast. All profits from the event are donated to the foundation. The 2010 event had 209 finishers.
San Luis Obispo, California.
Annual event that began in 2011. A 20 mile untimed ride visiting 3 donut shops and a 2 mile time trial with an elevation gain of about 800 ft (250 m). Riders have 10 minutes at each shop to consume donuts and each donut results in a deduction of 15 seconds from their time.
Documentary film: Gluttons for Punishment.
A documentary film, "Tour de Donut: Gluttons for Punishment", was created by Steve Kelly and Jim Klenn. The film follows two elite cyclists along the tour as they try to help their friend "out pedal and out eat the rest of the competition." The documentary features a brief history of the race and the filmmakers' biographies; it also offers visitors the chance to watch the film's trailer and purchase the film.

</doc>
<doc id="9796781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796781" title="Nivedita Joshi Saraf">
Nivedita Joshi Saraf

Nivedita Joshi is an actress in the Marathi and Hindi film industry of India of the late 1980s and early 1990s. She is married to Marathi and Hindi actor Ashok Saraf.

</doc>
<doc id="9796796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796796" title="Camera calibration">
Camera calibration

Camera calibration may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9796806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796806" title="Fort de Cavagnial">
Fort de Cavagnial

Fort de Cavagnial (also known as Fort Cavagnolle or Post of the Missouri or Fort de la Trinité) was a French fort on the Missouri River somewhere between Kansas City, Missouri and Fort Leavenworth, Kansas from 1744 until about 1764.
The fort named for Louisiana Governor Marquis de Vaudreuil-Cavagnial, was the furthest west on the Missouri at the time. Its first commandant was François Coulon de Villiers who came from an illustrious New France military family (the slaughter of his brother Joseph Coulon de Jumonville while in the custody of George Washington was to ignite the French and Indian War and another brother Louis Coulon de Villiers was the only commander to whom Washington ever surrendered).
Like many frontier forts it doubled as a trading post operated by Joseph Athanase Trottier dit Desruisseaux (Joseph Deruisseau) born 10 may 1709 at Lachine, QC, Canada and died Jan 1767 at New Orleans, Orleans, LA (Bayou St-John) his Father and Mother were Joseph Trottier dit Desruisseaux and Marie Francoise Cuillerier. Joseph who had a monopoly on trade on the Missouri from January 1, 1745 to May 20, 1750.
It was described as:
The exact location of the fort is not known because of conflicting reports about its relationship to trade with the Kansa tribe. British reports placed it below the confluence of the Kansas River and Missouri in what is today Kansas City. It appears as a placename at the confluence in the USGS database.
However, most reports place it on the bluffs above the confluence of Salt Creek and the Missouri River just north of modern day Fort Leavenworth. This was a site of a major Kansa village. Lewis and Clark reported visiting the site there on July 2, 1804:
The explorer Stephen Harriman Long described it in 1819 at the location.
The fort was abandoned by France after the Louisiana Territory was ceded to Spain in the treaties concluding the French and Indian War.

</doc>
<doc id="9796822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796822" title="Pohlsepia">
Pohlsepia

Pohlsepia mazonensis is the earliest described octopod, dated at approximately 296 million years old. The species is known from a single exceptionally preserved fossil discovered in the Pennsylvanian Francis Creek Shale of the Carbondale Formation, north-east Illinois, USA.
"Pohlsepia mazonensis" is named after its discoverer, James Pohl, and the type locality, Mazon Creek. Its habitat was the shallows seawards of a major river delta in what at that time was an inland ocean between the Midwest and the Appalachians.
The type specimen is deposited at the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="9796825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796825" title="Kazimierz Sidorczuk">
Kazimierz Sidorczuk

Kazimierz Sidorczuk (born March 4, 1967 in Debno) was a Polish footballer (goalkeeper) playing most of the career in Lech Poznań. He also played for Sturm Graz. He finished his career in Kapfenberger SV, with whom he once scored a goal.
He played for Poland 14 times.
Currently he is working as Goalkeeping Coach for Sturm Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="9796828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796828" title="Jaroslav Řídký">
Jaroslav Řídký

Jaroslav Řídký (25 August 1897 – 14 August 1956) was a Czech composer, conductor, harpist, and music teacher.
Life.
Řídký was born at Reichenberg, now Liberec. From 1919 to 1923 he studied at the Prague Conservatory with Josef Bohuslav Foerster, Karel Boleslav Jirák, and Jaroslav Křička. Besides teaching at the Conservatory from 1924 to 1949, he also played the harp for the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra between 1924 and 1938, and conducted the Philharmonic choir from 1925 to 1930.
In 1928 Řídký attended as a conductor the premiere of Leoš Janáček´s chamber composition Capriccio. He died at Poděbrady.
Style.
He composed seven symphonies and one sinfonietta, one string serenade, concertos for violin (1), piano (1), and cello (2), chamber music, pieces for piano, cantatas, and also prepared his own arrangements of folk songs. His work is composed rather in traditional style, first compostitions are influenced by romanticism, later he composed in traditional, neo-classical style. His oeuvre contains 47 numbered opuses, both in chamber and orchestral instrumentation. Řídký composed also violin, piano and two violoncello concertos. In 1954 he was awarded National Prize for his Piano Concerto Op. 46.

</doc>
<doc id="9796850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796850" title="Sarah Thomas">
Sarah Thomas

Sarah Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9796858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796858" title="Fletcher Hale">
Fletcher Hale

Fletcher Hale (January 22, 1883 – October 22, 1931) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire. He was born in Portland, Maine and attended the public schools there. He graduated from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire in 1905. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1908 and commenced practice in Littleton. Later, he moved to Laconia in 1912 and continued the practice of his profession, serving as city solicitor of Laconia in 1915 and as solicitor for Belknap County 1915-1920.
Hale served as member of the board of education 1916-1925 and as chairman 1918-1925. He was a delegate to the New Hampshire constitutional convention in 1918 and a member of the New Hampshire Tax Commission 1920-1925. He was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-ninth and to the three succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1925, until his death in Brooklyn Naval Hospital in New York 1931. He was buried in Union Cemetery, Laconia, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9796866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796866" title="John Carroll Catholic High School (Fort Pierce, Florida)">
John Carroll Catholic High School (Fort Pierce, Florida)

John Carroll Catholic High School, located in Fort Pierce, Florida, serves the Roman Catholic Diocese of Palm Beach.
Background.
John Carroll Catholic High School was established as St. Anastasia School in 1916. A high school was added in 1932. In the fall of 1961 the school was located in a 2-story brick building and had the following populations; Seniors - 30, Juniors - 23, Sophomores - 55, and Freshman - 60. It was renamed John Carroll when it moved to its present location in 1965. The school was named in honor of Pope John XXIII and Bishop Coleman Carroll.
Academics.
John Carroll High School offers a Dual enrollment program, Advanced Placement program, and an Honors program. In the Advanced Placement program, students, mostly 11th and 12th graders, can take the following AP courses: Computer Science, Human Geography, Macroeconomics, Statistics, United States Government & Politics, English Literature & Composition, Biology, Chemistry, U.S. History, Environmental Science, Physics, Calculus, Spanish, Psychology, and French.
Starting in 11th grade, students may take classes through the Dual Enrollment program, a program designed for students to earn college credit while still in high school.
John Carroll offers many honors courses, they can be found in English, Mathematics, Science, History, and Foreign Language classes
The school also offers classes in Computer Science, Art, Business Education, Music, and Physical Education. In addition to the many course offerings offered at John Carroll, all students are required to take a Religion class.
John Carroll's yearbook is called "Veritas". The 2011-2012 book won multiple distinctions including the Gold Crown Award which is the highest award a high school publication can receive.

</doc>
<doc id="9796920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796920" title="Khuan Khanun District">
Khuan Khanun District

Khuan Khanun () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Mueang Phatthalung, Srinagarindra, Si Banphot and Pa Phayom of Phatthalung Province, Cha-uat of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, and Ranot of Songkhla Province.
The Phru Khuan Khi Sian wetlands at the Thale Noi lake are protected as a Ramsar wetland. It is part of the larger Thale Noi Non-hunting Area. The Thale Noi is the northernmost part of the Songkhla Lake, separated from the main Thale Luang by a 0.5m high natural sand bar, the water areas are connected by a 2 km wide channel. While Thale Noi itself has only an area of 28 km², it is surrounded by a swamp area of 459 km².
History.
The district was established in 1896, then named Udon (อุดร). The district office was at first located in village 5 of "tambon" Khuan Khanun, and was since then relocated 4 times. In 1899 it was moved to Ban Makok Tai, and the district was renamed to Makok Tai (มะกอกใต้). 1903 it was renamed to Pak Phra (ปากพระ). 1907 it was moved to Ban Thale Noi, so the district was then named Thale Noi (ทะเลน้อย), and when it was again to Ban Phanang Tung, the district was named Phanang Tung (พนางตุง) accordingly. Finally in 1923 the district office came to the present location in Ban Khuan Khanun.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 12 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 124 villages ("muban"). Khuan Khanun and Makok Nuea are two subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon"), each covers parts of the same-named "tambon". There are further 12 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Pa Phayom district.

</doc>
<doc id="9796953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796953" title="Angus Suttie">
Angus Suttie

Angus Suttie (26 November 1946 – 17 June 1993) was a studio potter and teacher of art ceramics, most notably at Morley College, London. Suttie studied at Camberwell School of Art under Glennys Barton, Ewen Henderson and Colin Pearson. This education promoted experimentation which rejected the Bernard Leach derived Anglo-oriental style, and emphasized wheel-throwing. 
Background.
Suttie was born on 26 November 1946, in Tealing, Scotland. His initial interest was drama. After completing his education in Art Ceramics, he also completed teacher training at Whitelands College, in Putney, London. (1979-80). 
Early works.
Suttie shaped his articles principally with rolled slabs of leather-hard clay body to create geometric forms, which he cut and reassembled into larger forms. Suttie's preference was for hand-building and he was inspired by objects and forms from pre-industrial societies. These were often in pastiche of traditional domestic objects including anthropomorphic vessels such as jugs and teapots, which were part container and part figurative form. His functional, yet slightly baroque works, are vividly colored, and often stand on oddly positioned legs or are seemingly off-balanced. 
Later works.
As part of a developing tradition of abstraction in contemporary ceramics, Angus' works became less rectilinear and more organic in appearance and as time went on, much larger than their domestic counterparts. In addition they became more serious and the protrusions came to resemble rows of thorns or tank tracks. 
His later works have been described as reflecting and celebrating his life, personal relationships and his deteriorating health. His work displays a diversity of influences, including contemporary abstract ceramics, modern North American ceramics, and Pre-Columbian American art.
Literary contributions.
Suttie was also a contributor to "The Ceramic Review", "Revue de la Ceramique et du Verre", "Studio Pottery" etc. and his works are held in some significant 20th century ceramics collections around the world, including the Victoria & Albert Museum, Crafts Council, The Fred Marer Collection at the Otis Art Institute in Los Angeles, and the Smart Museum of Art at the University of Chicago.
He was also a member of the Gay Left collective in the 1970s. A memoir of his early years, From Latent to Blatant, was published in issue number 2 of the "Gay Left" journal and can be accessed at http://www.gayleft1970s.org.
Death.
Angus Suttie died on 17 June 1993, of an HIV related illness.

</doc>
<doc id="9796965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796965" title="Christos Kagiouzis">
Christos Kagiouzis

Christos Kagiouzis (; born 23 February 1981) is a Greek footballer. He is a defensive midfielder who plays for Veria F.C. in the Football League (Greece).
Career.
Born in Offenbach, Germany, Kagiouzis began his career with local side Kickers Offenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="9796991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796991" title="Canción de cuna (1941 film)">
Canción de cuna (1941 film)

Canción de cuna is a 1941 Argentine film based on the famous 1911 play by Gregorio Martinez Sierra. It is about a group of nuns who find an abandoned baby girl at the doorstep of their convent and decide to bring her up. The last act shows the girl, now a full-grown woman, leaving the convent to get married, and dramatizes the struggle of the nun who raised her to let her go.
"Cancion de cuna" has been filmed many times in Spanish, and produced twice in English on TV's "Hallmark Hall of Fame", but this 1941 version is the only one actually directed by the author. The best-known (though extremely rarely shown) version is the 1933 Paramount Pictures production made in English, starring Dorothea Wieck and Evelyn Venable.

</doc>
<doc id="9796993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9796993" title="Tahir Shubab">
Tahir Shubab

Tahir Shubab (Persian/Pashto: طاهر شباب), also spelled as Taher Shabab and Taher Schubab, is a singer from Afghanistan. He is based in Frankfurt, Germany. Tahir Shubab's brother Sediq Shubab is also an artist.
Tahir Shubab was born in Jalalabad, in the nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. His Family hails from Panjsher, in the Kohistan/Parwan region of Afghanistan. After completing his first two years of school in Jalalabad, Tahir's family moved to Kabul for education and later moved to Ghazni. After spending two years in Ghazni, he returned to Kabul and there completed his education at the "Music Lyceum". Tahir first gained popularity in 1983 with his song "Baaz Ham Afghani Asti". He has since recorded over 40 songs in Persian, Pashto, and Urdu. The Shubab brothers' became famous by singing in Pashtoo, since they mostly sing in Pashtoo.
Discography.
Albums.
Discography

</doc>
<doc id="9797001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797001" title="El Cantar de mis penas">
El Cantar de mis penas

El Cantar de mis penas is a 1941 Argentine film.
Credited Cast.
Credited cast:
Héctor Palacios
Laura Nelson 
Lea Conti 
Enrique Vimo 
Ramón Vila

</doc>
<doc id="9797010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797010" title="Langer vote">
Langer vote

A Langer vote is a vote in the Australian electoral system designed to avoid allocating preferences to unwanted candidates. It was widely publicised by Albert Langer, an Australian political activist, as a means of limiting votes to the voter's preferred parties, and thus avoiding the statutory instruction to mark the ballot paper by indicating a valid ranking of preferences to all other parties and candidates.
Voters were advised to mark 1, 2, . .n, for favoured candidates, but to mark a repetition of the next digit against each of the remaining candidates. For example a vote would be marked 1, 2, 3, 3, 3. The votes for the first and second candidates would be counted but the remaining candidates would then not receive preferences. At the time, this was widely understood to constitute a valid vote. Had this view been upheld, voters could avail themselves "de facto" of Optional Preferential Voting, which the prevailing system was designed to exclude.
The Langer voting method was made invalid by amendments to the Commonwealth Electoral Act on July 17, 1998. A Langer vote is now classed as an "informal" (invalid) vote.The treatment of ‘Langer-style’ votes changed in 1998. Langer-style ballots are typically numbered so that, at a point chosen by the elector, the preferences stop or begin to repeat (for example, 1, 2, 3, 3, 3. . .). Before 1998, such ballots were counted up to the point that the numbering stopped or became non-consecutive, and were then classified as exhausted. Until 1993, the number of Langer-style votes was small, but in 1996 there was a considerable increase. It is possible this was due to the well-publicised court action against Albert Langer. Since legislative change in 1998, Langer-style votes have been counted as informal, and their number has declined considerably. 
Vote saving.
In order to "save" votes, a small number of errors are permitted on the larger Senate ballot papers. Paragraph 21 notes that: 
Provided that Section 270 of the act is complied with, a voter can number all squares (or all squares but one), starting with 1, containing a minor error that will limit the allocation of preferences but not render the ballot informal. This allows a person to effect a Langer-style vote by numbering the ballot paper (say) 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10... (5, 6, 7 replaced by 5, 5, 7). In this case, the voter's preferences up to position 4 would be distributed before the vote was exhausted.

</doc>
<doc id="9797012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797012" title="La casa de los cuervos">
La casa de los cuervos

La casa de los cuervos is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797031" title="The Song of the Suburbs">
The Song of the Suburbs

The Song of the Suburbs (Spanish:La Canción de los barrios) is a 1941 Argentine musical film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Aída Alberti, Alicia Vignoli and Hugo del Carril.

</doc>
<doc id="9797035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797035" title="When the Heart Sings">
When the Heart Sings

When the Heart Sings (Spanish:Cuando canta el corazón) is a 1941 Argentine musical drama film directed by Richard Harlan and starring Hugo del Carril, Aída Luz and José Olarra. A man from a wealthy background meets and marries an actress despite fierce opposition from his family.

</doc>
<doc id="9797036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797036" title="Albert S. Bickmore">
Albert S. Bickmore

Albert Smith Bickmore (March 1, 1839 – August 12, 1914) was an American naturalist and one of the founders of the American Museum of Natural History.
Childhood.
Bickmore was born in the town of St. George near Martinsville harbor, Maine, on March 1, 1839. He attributes his childhood lived on the beach and near a forest to his love of nature and vocation as a naturalist. As a child, he collected shells and sea urchins, learned the names of the local flora and fauna, and skated on a nearby pond on winter evenings. According to Bickmore, the church and the school were the centers of the community of St. George. Books were scarce, however, and in his earliest childhood, he remembered being permitted to hold in his hands "Goldsmith's Natural History, Abridged," which he treasured like a sacred relic. He loved to look at its crude illustrations of animals and to memorize them. At age 8, he spent a year travelling in France with his parents and sister.
Education.
He later attended prep school in New London, New Hampshire, then went on to Dartmouth College, where his favorite subjects were chemistry, geology, and mineralogy. His love of natural history was noted by the Dartmouth faculty, who gave him a letter of introduction to study under the well-known Harvard professor Louis Agassiz. After graduating with the class of 1860, he went on to become one of Agassiz's handful of special students. He also worked in Agassiz's Museum of Comparative Zoology, which helped him pay his way through a four-year course of study. It was during this time that Bickmore began to visualize founding a Museum of Natural History in New York City, as the European museums of natural history were in political and monetary capitals, and New York was a logical American parallel city. When the Prince of Wales (the future Edward VII) visited Cambridge MA in 1861, Henry Acland of the University of Oxford joined him. Bickmore was privileged to discuss his plans for a museum with Dr. Acland, whose encouragement strengthened his determination to found such a museum. Others had previously failed to generate the necessary funds to establish a museum.
Civil War military service.
In late 1862, Bickmore joined the 44th Regiment of Massachusetts Volunteers, under Col. Francis L. Lee. The Regiment was sent to Newbern, NC, in October 1862 to serve under Major General John G. Foster. They encountered the Confederate Army at Whitehall in December 1862, sustaining heavy casualties, but Bickmore remained unharmed. Bickmore then requested to keep the meteorological record at a hospital near Cape Lookout. He then traveled home to resume his studies at Harvard.
Book written.
Albert S. Bickmore wrote a book titled: "Travels in the East Indian Archipelago", published in 1868. The preface begins by saying; "The object of my voyage to Amboina was simply to re-collect the shells figured in Rumphius's "Rari-teit Kamer," and the idea of writing a volume of travels was not seriously entertained until I arrived at Batavia, and, instead of being forbidden by the Dutch Government to proceed to the Spice Islands, as some of my warmest friends feared, I was honored by His Excellency, the Governor-General of "the Netherlands India," with the order given on page 40."

</doc>
<doc id="9797040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797040" title="Candida, Millionairess">
Candida, Millionairess

Candida, Millionairess () is a 1941 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera.

</doc>
<doc id="9797047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797047" title="Takeda Nobuhiro">
Takeda Nobuhiro

Takeda Nobuhiro (武田 信広), also known as Kakizaki Nobuhiro (蠣崎 信廣) (1431 – 1494) was the ancestor of the Matsumae clan, and is celebrated for his role in suppressing the 1457 Ainu revolt of Koshamain. The adopted son of Takeda Nobukata, "shugo" (Governor) of Wakasa Province, he was later re-adopted by Kakizaki Sueshige. Some sources say he was originally of the Minabe clan.
Life.
Nobuhiro was born in Aoi castle in Obama, the capital of Wakasa province, and was called Hikotarō as a child. Though he was the older child, he was passed over as his father's heir for his younger brother Takeda Kuninobu, who had already himself produced a son. Nobuhiro was said to have been adopted, not a true blood relative, and became estranged from the family.
At the age of 21, he escaped Wakasa in the middle of the night, along with Takeda vassals Sasaki Shigetsuna, Kudō Sukenaga and three others. They made their way towards the shogunal residence, but found that Minabe Mitsumasa had left. Moving to the territory of the Kakizaki clan, Nobuhiro adopted their surname as his own. A few years later, in 1454, he followed Andō Masasue to Hokkaidō (then called Ezo), and settled in the town of Kaminokuni. There, he came to be adopted by Kakizaki Sueshige, who named Nobuhiro his heir. Two years later, he sired a son named Kakizaki Mitsuhiro.
One of largest Ainu revolts in history, Koshamain's Revolt, occurred the following year, in 1457. Koshamain led a group of Ainu in a surprise attack on the samurai town, and Nobuhiro led a fierce counterattack along with Kakizaki Sueshige. The tide of battle turned a few times, but the samurai won in the end. Thus, Nobuhiro became one of the more famous and celebrated heroes in the Japanese history of Hokkaidō.
He built Katsuyama castle in 1462, and began to receive tribute from the Ainu of Sakhalin in 1475, though there was no possibility of the small number of samurai present effectively extending their control that far.
Nobuhiro died at the age of 64, in 1494. His descendants would continue to defend Japanese settlements in Hokkaidō from the natives. Around the year 1600, the family name was changed to Matsumae, and as the lords of Matsumae Domain, they headed shogunal relations with (and defense against) the Ainu until the late 19th century.
Hokkaidō was officially annexed following the Meiji Restoration. A few years later, when railroads began to be spread across the island, one of the first locomotives was named "Nobuhiro" after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9797050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797050" title="Metropolitan Crosstown Line">
Metropolitan Crosstown Line

The Metropolitan Crosstown Line was a surface public transit line in Manhattan, New York City, United States, connecting the 14th Street Ferry and Desbrosses Street Ferry on the Hudson River with the Grand Street Ferry on the East River. It was owned by the New York Railways Company, and contained the Spring and Delancey Streets Line streercars. The company was discontinued September 21, 1919 but restored from February 1, 1920 to May 20, 1931 by court order.

</doc>
<doc id="9797054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797054" title="El cura gaucho">
El cura gaucho

El cura gaucho is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797066" title="Film chain">
Film chain

A film chain or film island is a television – professional video camera with one or more projectors aligned into the photographic lens of the camera. With two or more projectors a system of front-surface mirrors that can pop-up are used in a multiplexer. These mirrors switch different projectors into the camera lens. The camera could be fed live to air for broadcasting through a vision mixer or recorded to a VTR for post-production or later broadcast. In most TV use this has been replaced by a telecine.
Projectors.
The projectors often are: 16 mm film movie projector, a 35 mm slide projector and a 35 mm film movie projector. In low-end use the motion picture 35 mm projector would be replaced by a second 16 mm projector or 8 mm film, or Super 8 mm film or Single-8 projector. The multiplexer with the camera and projectors surrounding it would often be called a "film island". The optical or mag or magnetic strip soundtrack on the motion picture would be picked up by the projector and would be fed to an audio sound mixing console or to the VTR. (See: Sound-on-film, Film sound, and 35 mm sound.)
The slide projector at a TV station would be used for the TV station's logo, the famous "Please Stand By" slide and some test patterns. Some used a dual-rotating drum slide projector that would have its own mirrors to switch between the drums.
The film projectors used in a film chain are not standard. A special five-blade shutter is used to convert the film's 24 frames per second into NTSC's 30 frame per second video. If this was not used, the video would have major flicker problems. This process is called a "3:2" pull down. Modern telecines use the same process, but it is done electronically, not with a five-blade shutter. "3:2" pull down means that a film frame is shown for three TV fields. The next film frame is shown for two TV fields. The add field in the "3" is used to convert the 24 frames per second to 30 frames per second. A normal projector has a two-bladed shutter that shows the same frame twice. Before modern continuous motion telecines, film chains were sometime referred to as telecines.
All film projectors use sprocket rollers to move the film and a pull-down claws to move and stop the film in the gate. The film is moved in the gate while the shutter blocks the light.
In PAL, SECAM, and other 25 frames per second systems, the film projector speed is increased one frame per second to 25 frame/s. This gives a one-to-one film to video frame transfer ratio. Thus a standard two-bladed shutter can be used.
See frame rate differences for more information.
The camera.
A film chain usually used a video camera tube as this reduced flicker. Vidicon image pick up tubes were the preferred pick up for film chains as these gave the least amount of flicker. When charge-coupled device (CCD) cameras were introduced these were also used in a film chain. CCD cameras often gave a sharper picture, but with more flicker.
Early film chains had black and white (B&W) cameras and many were later replaced with color. The camera could be a standard professional video camera, but most often was a camera designed for the purpose of film transfer.
Originally only print positive film was used. Later cameras that could invert and color correct color negative film were used.
Professional video cameras made for film chains were used for broadcast use.
A scene-by-scene color correction option was later added to film chains. This was first done by notching the edge of the film where a color change was wanted. Later, machines that counted the sprocket holes were used. At the mark (the notch or the electronic sprocket-count number) the next stored color correction would occur. See color grading for more information.
Products.
The introduction of the Rank Cintel Mark III flying spot scanner and Bosch Fernseh FDL60, called a telecines, paved the way to shift from projector-based transfer to a gentler system, continuous transport motion, that allowed the easy transfer of negative film and print film and thus the decline of film chains.

</doc>
<doc id="9797068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797068" title="Yo conocí a esa mujer">
Yo conocí a esa mujer

Yo conocí a esa mujer is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Libertad Lamarque and Agustín Irusta.

</doc>
<doc id="9797077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797077" title="I Want to Die with You">
I Want to Die with You

I Want to Die with You or Yo quiero morir contigo is a 1941 Argentine screwball comedy film directed by Mario Soffici.
Plot.
Ángel Magaña and Elisa Galvé play a constantly bickering young couple who draw up a suicide pact and prepare to kill themselves. However they are constantly interrupted by surprises, particularly the timely arrival of a dying gangster, who gives them $30,000 worth of ill goods.

</doc>
<doc id="9797084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797084" title="Volver a vivir">
Volver a vivir

Volver a vivir is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797093" title="Real socialism">
Real socialism

Real socialism (also actually existing socialism) was an ideological catchphrase popularized during the Brezhnev era amongst the Eastern Bloc countries as well as in the Soviet Union. The term referred to the Soviet-type economic planning enforced by the ruling communist party at that particular time. 
From the 1960s onward, countries such as Poland, the German Democratic Republic, Hungary and Czechoslovakia, began to argue that their policies represented what was "realistically" feasible, even if they did not conform to the Marxist concept of socialism. The ideology of real-socialism alluded to a future based on a more highly developed form of socialism. However, the lagging productivity growth and insufficient standard of living in the Comecon countries caused the phrase "real socialism" to be increasingly perceived as dishonest and unreal. The actual party claims of nomenclatory socialism began to acquire not only negative but also sarcastic meanings. In later years, and especially after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the term began to be remembered as only one thing, the Soviet-style socialism.
Definition.
After World War II, the terms "real socialism" or "really existing socialism" gradually became the predominating euphemisms used as self-description of the Eastern Bloc states' political and economical systems and their society models. "De jure" often referred to as "(democratic) people's republics," these states were ruled autocratically by a single, Communist party, had adapted a form of planned economy and propagated socialsm and/or Communism as their ideology. The term "real (-ly existing) socialism" was introduced to explain the obvious gap between the propagated ideological framework and the political and economical reality faced by these states' societies.
The role of the Sino-Soviet split.
Another aspect of the term "real socialism" contained elements of the Sino-Soviet split and other "disagreements," which were actually ideological gulfs, between the USSR and its satellite states on one side, and the People's Republic of China and the followers of a more Maoist brand of communist ideology on the other. The Soviets wished to enforce the idea that their version of socialism was "real" and the Chinese and their followers were not, precisely because the Maoist-inspired communist movement, which had grown so rapidly worldwide as a "radical left" alternative to Soviet ideas, had consistently claimed that the Soviet Union was no longer socialist and had betrayed the Revolution. To counter this claim of Marxist revisionism, the Soviets defiantly claimed that their socialism was "real socialism," implying that other models of socialism were unrealistic.
Soviet popular culture.
The term was also used in an ironical criticism. The "reality" of "real socialism" was used against it. In particular, the term became a target of numerous political jokes within the Soviet Union, the following being typical examples.

</doc>
<doc id="9797096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797096" title="Un Hombre bueno">
Un Hombre bueno

Un Hombre bueno is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797101" title="Fortín alto">
Fortín alto

Fortín alto is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797106" title="Hogar, dulce hogar">
Hogar, dulce hogar

Hogar, dulce hogar (English: "Home, sweet home") is a 1941 Argentine film written and directed by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9797108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797108" title="Hay que casar a Ernesto">
Hay que casar a Ernesto

Hay que casar a Ernesto is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797109" title="Una Vincenzo, Lady Troubridge">
Una Vincenzo, Lady Troubridge

Una Vincenzo, Lady Troubridge (born Margot Elena Gertrude Taylor; 8 March 1887 – 24 September 1963) was a British sculptor and translator. She is best known as the long-time lesbian partner of Marguerite Radclyffe Hall, author of "The Well of Loneliness".
Una Troubridge was an educated woman with achievements in her own right. Most notably she was a successful translator and introduced the French writer Colette to English readers. Her talent as a sculptor prompted Nijinsky to sit for her several times.
Early life.
Born Margot Elena Gertrude Taylor, she was nicknamed Una by her family as a child and chose the middle name Vincenzo herself, after her Florentine relatives. She was raised in Montpelier Square, London, and became a pupil at the Royal College of Art, and after she graduated set up a sculpture studio. Her father died in 1907, leaving her with limited financial support and marriage became her best practical option.
She married Captain Ernest Troubridge in October 1908; they had one daughter, Andrea. Ernest Troubridge rose to the rank of admiral during and immediately after the First World War, and Una gained her title when Admiral Troubridge was knighted in June 1919, although they were already legally separated at the time.
She was a devoted admirer of the Italian-Russian operatic bass Nicola Rossi Lemeni [1920-1991], and followed his career all over the world. She later became a close friend of both Rossi Lemeni and his wife, the soprano Virginia Zeani, and was godmother to their young son. 
Relationship with Radclyffe Hall.
Hall and Troubridge met in 1915 as Troubridge's cousin, singer Mabel Batten (aka Ladye), was Hall's lover at the time. Batten died in 1916, and Hall and Troubridge moved in together the following year. In the early 1920s, Troubridge and Hall's home was at 10 Stirling Street, London, near where Troubridge had grown up. The property was extensively renovated by the two. She wrote about the intensity of their relationship in her diary: ""I could not, having come to know her, imagine life without her.""
In an effort to ease the great sense of guilt about Mabel's death Hall and Troubridge became interested in spiritualism. They regularly held seances with the use of a medium and believed that they received advice from Mabel, from beyond the grave. Both Troubridge and Hall identified as "inverts", a term used by sexologists such as Krafft-Ebing and Havelock Ellis usually to connote what is regarded as homosexuality.
The couple raised and showed dachshunds and griffons. The dachshunds shown in the Romaine Brooks portrait of Troubridge were a prize winning pair given to her by Hall. In the last nine years of Hall's life she had become obsessed with a White Russian nurse, Evgenia Souline. This made Troubridge unhappy, but she tolerated their relationship. Initially the women had decided to move to Italy and live in Florence, but were forced to return at the outbreak of WWII. The three chose to live in Devon. 
After Radclyffe Hall's death.
Despite all their troubles, Troubridge stayed with Hall and nursed her until she died in 1943. In the early 1920s Troubridge adopted a tailored style similar to Hall's own masculine look, as a way of making her sexual identity and their partnership visible. Later she came to prefer more feminine dress that complemented Hall's. After Hall died of bowel cancer in 1943, Troubridge had Hall's suits altered to fit her and wore them habitually.
On her deathbed, Hall revoked a previous will that had provided Souline with an income, and instead left everything to Troubridge, including the copyrights to her works. In her new will she asked Troubridge to "make such provision for our friend Eugenie Souline as in her absolute discretion she may consider right"; Troubridge provided Souline with only a small allowance. She burned Souline's letters. In her 1945 biography, "The Life and Death of Radclyffe Hall", she minimized Souline's role in Hall's life. Souline died in 1958.
Troubridge died in Rome in 1963; she had left written instructions that her coffin be placed in the vault in Highgate Cemetery where Hall and Batten had been buried, but the instructions were discovered too late. She is buried in the English Cemetery in Rome, and on her coffin is inscribed "Una Vincenzo Troubridge, the friend of Radclyffe Hall". 

</doc>
<doc id="9797110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797110" title="Galaxy 26">
Galaxy 26

Galaxy 26 is a communications satellite owned by Intelsat. It was built by Space Systems/Loral, as part of its FS-1300 line. Galaxy 26 was formerly known as Intelsat Americas 6 and Telstar 6. It was launched aboard a Proton-K/DM3 from Baykonur LC81.
It spent most of its operational life at the 93° W longitude orbital slot, serving the North American market. Clients included ABC, CBS, CNN and FOX.
The Dying Bird.
Galaxy 26 had its share of problems since its February 15, 1999 launch. It had lost a backup command and control receiver, the back up computer, and had completely shut off twice.
On June 29, 2008, Galaxy 26 had a power failure in one of its solar panels. It lost 15 kilowatts out of a possible 37 kilowatt capacity, which is very important for charging the batteries. Also, there were multiple transponder failures.
Several cable television networks immediately took action to move their feeds to backup satellites in order to keep themselves on air in the event of total failure. Fox News moved operations to Galaxy 16 Transponders 7, 9, and 11, and to AMC 5 Transponder 4K Slot F according to a Fox News internal email. Within a week, CBS had moved all main feeds to Galaxy 25, and all secondary feeds to Galaxy 28, according to an internal email.
Subsequently, Intelsat moved the satellite to the 50.8E orbital position for use by the United States Department of Defense for unmanned aerial vehicle support.

</doc>
<doc id="9797111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797111" title="Historia de una noche">
Historia de una noche

Historia de una noche is a 1941 Argentine film directed by Luis Saslavsky.

</doc>
<doc id="9797119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797119" title="Embrujo">
Embrujo

Embrujo is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797126" title="Fronteras de la ley">
Fronteras de la ley

Fronteras de la ley is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797144" title="La Hora de las sorpresas">
La Hora de las sorpresas

La Hora de las sorpresas is a 1941 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9797150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797150" title="John Trobaugh">
John Trobaugh

John Trobaugh (born 1968) in Lansing, Michigan is an American artist specializing in photography and based in Birmingham, Alabama. Trobaugh received his BFA in 1996 with honors from University of Alabama at Birmingham and went on to study photography at the School of Visual Arts. In 2003 he received his Masters in Fine Art from the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
His photography has been published in Art Papers, selected as the cover artist. He has also been published in The Chronicle of Higher Education, NY Arts Magazine, The Washington Post and The Advocate as well as The Birmingham News and World of Wonder, among many others.
While teaching at Sheldon State in Tuscaloosa Alabama, Trobaugh's work was censored before a planned exhibition. The case has yet to be resolved but gained national attention due to censorship issues. He was forbidden to discuss this censorship as part of his art appreciation class. Trobaugh later resigned his post.
Richard Meyer, Chair of the Art Department at The University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California, spoke about Trobaugh's work at various national conferences about censorship. Trobaugh was also presented in The Smithsonian National Gallery and is the author of several articles including Art Papers.
Work.
In 2005, Space One Eleven exhibited Trobaugh's work alongside Karen Graffeo for""In This Place"". M. K. Matalon organized this exhibition to investigate place and location in relationship to contemporary Southern issues.
Trobaugh's work was selected to be part of "Patterns of Nature" in Denver, Colorado.
Trobaugh was included in "Politics, Politics: Nine Artists Explore the Political Landscape" curated by Anne Arrasmith and Peter Prinz of Space One Eleven. This exhibition was funded by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts and included Pinky Bass, Clayton Colvin, Peggy Dobbins, Randy Gachet, binx Newton, Arthur Price, Paul Ware, and Stan Woodard.
Trobaugh was a presenter for "Photography in the Digital Age" by The Society For Photographic Education South Central Regional Conference, 2003. This meeting took place at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and Birmingham Museum of Art in Birmingham, Alabama 

</doc>
<doc id="9797155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797155" title="El hermano José">
El hermano José

El Hermano José ("Brother José") is a 1941 Argentine comedy film.
Production.
The 93-minute black and white film was made for Argentina Sono Film by director Antonio Momplet.
It was written by Nicolás Proserpio, and stars Pepe Arias, Carlos Castro and Ada Cornaro.
Synopsis.
The movie deals with the interaction in a small town between a healer, his daughter and a young doctor, between science and superstition.
Reception.
"La Nación" called the film a popular and satirical comedy. Halki noted that it was a visual version of a successful radio show.
Manrupe and Portela and said it was a classic Pepe Arias work, with everything good and bad that implies, and had been filmed without much effort.
Full cast.
The full cast was:
External links.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9797173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797173" title="The Rockin' Berries">
The Rockin' Berries

The Rockin' Berries are a pop group from Birmingham, England, who had several hit records in the UK in the 1960s. A version of the group, emphasising comedy routines as well as music, continues to perform to the present day.
History.
The Rockin' Berries were originally formed as a beat group at Turves Green School in Birmingham in the late 1950s by guitarist Brian "Chuck" Botfield, and were so named because they played several Chuck Berry songs in their set. An early keyboard player with the group was Christine Perfect, later Christine McVie of Fleetwood Mac. When another band was formed locally, by singer Paul Hewitt, guitarist Doug Thompson and drummer Terry Bond, Botfield agreed to join on condition that it used the "Rockin' Berries" name. By mid 1961, the group comprised Botfield (lead guitar), Doug Thompson (rhythm guitar), Tim Munns (bass), Dennis Ryland (saxophone), Terry Bond (drums), and singers Paul Hewitt and Jimmy Powell. Later that year, the group went to Germany to play a series of club engagements, with Hewitt being replaced by singer and Elvis Presley impressionist Clive Lea. On their return, the group auditioned for promoter Jack Good, who wanted to sign Powell but not the rest of the group. After a few months, Powell left for a solo career, later leading the Five Dimensions who for a while included Rod Stewart. Thompson, Ryland and shortly afterwards Munns also left, and were replaced by singer and guitarist Geoff Turton - an old friend of Botfield's - and bassist Roy Austin.
When the group returned to England, they won a contract with Decca Records, who released their first two singles, "Wah Wah Woo" and "Itty Bitty Pieces" in 1963. Although the group appeared on TV show "Ready Steady Go!", the records were not hits, and the group, now managed by John Schroeder, signed a deal with Pye Records subsidiary Piccadilly. Their first record for the new label, "I Didn't Mean To Hurt You", reached No. 43 on the UK singles chart, and the band appeared at the Marquee Club in London where they were seen by American record producer Kim Fowley. He suggested they record a version of "He's In Town", a Goffin and King song that had been a US hit for The Tokens. The Rockin' Berries' version reached No. 3 in the UK in late 1964, and the follow-up records, "What In The World’s Come Over You" (No. 23) and "Poor Man’s Son" (No. 5) were also hits. They also released a successful album, "In Town". At this point, Roy Austin left the group and was replaced by Bobby Thompson, previously of Rory Storm & The Hurricanes. 
According to Richie Unterberger at Allmusic:"Much of the Berries' output reflected the lighter pop/rock face of the British beat boom, emphasizing catchy, carefully constructed tunes supplied by British and American songwriters, with high harmonies indebted to the Four Seasons and the Beach Boys... A career strategy that put an eye on the "all-around entertainer" niche, however, led them to record many comedy numbers that have dated excruciatingly badly, and also ensured that they were denied artistic credibility."
The commercial fortunes of the group declined thereafter, although "You're My Girl" (1965) and "The Water Is Over My Head" (1966) were minor chart hits. They regularly featured Clive Lea's impersonations and group comedy routines, remained a popular live act on the cabaret circuit, and appeared at the 1967 Royal Variety Performance. Geoff Turton left the group in 1968, and had a briefly successful solo career as Jefferson, with two Hot 100 hits in the US in 1969-70. Clive Lea left in 1970, and was replaced by Terry Webster. The Rockin' Berries continued to perform as a music and comedy act in cabaret, with numerous later personnel changes. Turton returned to the group in the 1970s, and, with Botfield, has remained with the group to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="9797185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797185" title="Guy Maddison">
Guy Maddison

Guy Bernard Maddison (born 31 March 1965) is an Australian punk and grunge musician. From 1986 to 1989 he worked as a member of noise rock group Lubricated Goat and appeared on their album, "Paddock of Love". He was a member of Bloodloss (1993–97), a blues-punk band, alongside Mark Arm on vocals. From 2001 Maddison is the bass guitarist of the United States-based grunge band, Mudhoney (which includes Arm), and has worked on their studio albums, "Since We've Become Translucent" (2002), "Under a Billion Suns" (2006), "The Lucky Ones" (2008), and "Vanishing Point (2013).
Early years.
Guy Bernard Maddison was born on 31 March 1965 and grew up in Perth, Western Australia.
1980s.
Guy Maddison played in mid-1980s Perth-based punk group, Greenhouse Effect, with Paul Gill on guitar. By 1986 he moved to Sydney, he played bass guitar for noise rock band Lubricated Goat, sometimes under the pseudonym Buster Smallgoods, recording one album, "Paddock of Love" (July 1988). In 2003 Maddison recalled meeting Stu Spasm (aka Stuart Grey) by chance, "I was crossing the road one day on Cleveland Street ... and Stuart yelled out to me ... he asked me if I was doing anything and if I’d like to play the bass in Lubricated Goat" – they had previously met when Spasm was recording tracks in Perth with an earlier version of Lubricated Goat. The line-up of Lubricated Goat for "Paddock of Love", alongside Maddison on bass guitar, and Spasm on vocals, guitar, synthesiser and bass guitar; were Pete Hartley on bass guitar and guitar; and Brett Ford on drums. In November 1988 the band lip-synched a nude performance of their track, "In the Raw", on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation TV program "Blah Blah Blah", an event which created national media outrage. In 2009 Cousin Creep, an alternative music journalist, directed a documentary film, "In the Raw", about the event.
In May 1989 Lubricated Goat followed with an extended play, "Schadenfreude" with Maddison and Spasm joined by Gene Ravet on drums (ex-Ragadoll, Space Juniors) and Charlie Tolnay on guitar (Grong Grong, King Snake Roost). Front man Spasm and Maddison were the only band members to tour the United States, they enlisted tour musicians, Renestair EJ on guitar and Martin Bland on drums. Maddison was an occasional member of the improvised group, The Unconscious Collective, and the mixed media experiment, Merge. In late 1989, after the US tour, Maddison left Lubricated Goat and formed a side project with former band mate, Hartley. The new group was Monroe’s Fur. At this time, Maddison relocated to Seattle, Washington.
1990s.
In 1990 Guy Maddison was briefly a member of a studio group, Bushpig, on bass guitar and keyboards, with Tolnay (ex-Bloodloss) and Peter Hill (King Snake Roost) on vocals and harmonica. That year they issued a self-titled album on Hill's label, Practical Goat Keeping Records. In 1993, Maddison played bass guitar in the third incarnation of Bloodloss, a blues-punk band which had started in Adelaide, Australia in 1982. This version had formed in Seattle with Mark Arm (Mudhoney) on vocals, and Maddison's former band mates Renestair and Bland. In November 1995 the group issued "Live My Way" on Warner / Reprise Records. Australian rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, felt they "played delta blues by way of Captain Beefheart and Jon Spencer Blues Explosion". On 1 January 1996, Bloodloss issued their next album, "Misty". McFarlane found it showed "echoes of Pere Ubu, Thug and all manner of jazz and blues".
2000s.
In 2001, after the departure of founding Mudhoney bass guitarist, Matt Lukin, Maddison joined the US alternative rock band alongside former band mate, Arm. He has appeared on their studio albums, "Since We've Become Translucent" (2002), "Under a Billion Suns" (2006) and "The Lucky Ones" (2008). In November 2011 Arm credited Maddison with reinvigorating his interest in the group after Lukin had left.

</doc>
<doc id="9797189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797189" title="Priya Arun">
Priya Arun

Priya Arun is an actress in the Marathi language film industry of India. She is the widow of veteran Marathi actor late Laxmikant Berde,and Daughter of marathi actress Lata Arun. She also has a son named "Abhinay" she is second wife of berde.

</doc>
<doc id="9797238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797238" title="Fiasco (book)">
Fiasco (book)

Fiasco: The American Military Adventure in Iraq (2006) is a book by "Washington Post" Pentagon correspondent Thomas E. Ricks. "Fiasco" deals with the history of the Iraq War from the planning phase to combat operations to 2006 and argues that the war was badly planned and executed. Ricks based the book in part on interviews with military personnel involved in the planning and execution of the war. In 2009 Ricks published a sequel "". "Fiasco" was a finalist for the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.
Summary.
The book alleges that the planning of the Iraq war was mismanaged by both the Bush administration as well as the U.S. Army. Ricks then goes on to outline the infighting between the senior policy advisers such as Colin Powell, Paul Wolfowitz, Donald Rumsfeld and the Army. Ricks includes quotes from former generals of the Iraq war, former Army generals, and several top level officials, both working for the Bush administration and Douglas Feith's planning contingent. Moving into the war, Ricks alleges various miscommunication and mismanagement of the Army's combat tactics as well as criticizing the overall strategy. Ricks also heavily criticizes the actions of L. Paul Bremer and explores his impact as head of the Coalition Provisional Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="9797256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797256" title="Hugh Saddler">
Hugh Saddler

Hugh Saddler has a degree in science from Adelaide University and a PhD from Cambridge University. He is the author of a book on Australian energy policy, "Energy in Australia" and over 50 scientific papers, monographs and articles on energy technology and environmental policy, and is recognised as one of Australia's leading experts in this field.
Hugh Saddler is currently a member of the Experts Group on Emissions Trading, appointed by the Australian Greenhouse Office, of the ABS Environmental Statistics Advisory Group, and of the ACT Environment Advisory Committee. In 1998 he was appointed an Adjunct Professor at Murdoch University. He is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Energy and a member of the International Association for Energy Economics. 
Hugh Saddler founded the company "Energy Strategies" in 1982 and is its Managing Director.

</doc>
<doc id="9797263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797263" title="Low Catton">
Low Catton

Low Catton is a village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north-west of the market town of Pocklington and about south of the village of Stamford Bridge. It lies on the east bank of the River Derwent.
Together with High Catton it forms the civil parish of Catton.
Ancient history.
Before the 1066 Norman conquest of England there was little reference in records or church censuses to the village or church parish of Low Catton. However, that year the village played host to perhaps its best known historical event, the nearby Battle of Stamford Bridge, which planted it on the map for the first time. Little is known about the village's exact role in events however, although its prominent position on the banks of the important trade route, the River Derwent, is thought to be the major reason for the settlements' importance.
Religion.
The church dedicated to All Saints was designated in 1967 by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="9797273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797273" title="Tape (play)">
Tape (play)

Tape is a 1999 play by Stephen Belber. It was first produced at the Actors Theatre of Louisville as part of the 2000 Humana Festival of New American Plays. It was later filmed by Richard Linklater as Tape (film) starring Ethan Hawke, Robert Sean Leonard, and Uma Thurman. It follows classical unities of action, time and space, featuring three characters in a single plot (narrative) regarding their differing perspectives of past events, in one unbroken period of real-time, in a single motel room set. 
Synopsis.
"Tape" is set in a motel room in Lansing, Michigan. Vince, an outgoing drug dealer/volunteer firefighter, is in town to support his old high school friend’s entry into the Lansing film festival.
His friend, documentary filmmaker Jon Saltzman, joins Vince in his motel room and the two begin to reminisce about their high school years. They get on the subject of Amy Randall, Vince's former girlfriend. It appears that whilst they dated for some time, Vince and Amy never had sex. However, after their relationship had ended, Amy had slept with Jon. Naturally, Vince was hurt even though he and Amy had broken up some time previously.
Vince claims Amy had told him that Jon had date raped her. Vince becomes obsessed with, and eventually succeeds in getting a verbal confession from Jon about the alleged rape. Immediately after Jon's admission, Vince pulls out a hidden tape recorder that had been recording their whole conversation, much to Jon's horror. Vince then tells Jon that he has invited Amy to dinner, and that she will be arriving shortly.
Eventually Amy does arrive and even though all three of them feel awkward, they begin to talk. Amy explains that she is now an Assistant District Attorney in the Lansing Justice Department. Eventually the three discuss what actually happened between Jon and Amy that night at the party.
Amy claims that it was merely rough sex and that Jon did not rape her, leading Jon to believe that she is in denial. After Jon becomes annoyed that Amy is refusing to accept his apology, Amy makes a call with her cell phone to the local police. She asks for a squad car to pick up one person in possession of drugs (Vince), and one in relation to a verifiable rape (Jon). After concluding her phone call, Amy warns the men that they only have about four minutes to make a run for it.
In order to prove to Amy that he is truly remorseful, Jon decides to stay and wait for the police. Vince, realizing that there is nowhere for him to run, flushes his narcotics down the toilet.
Amy reveals that she didn't really call the police, and leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="9797286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797286" title="St. Mary's Academy (New Orleans)">
St. Mary's Academy (New Orleans)

St. Mary's Academy is an all-girls Roman Catholic parochial high school in New Orleans, Louisiana. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans. Saint Mary's Academy's long tradition continues as a private Catholic college preparatory co-educational elementary and a middle / high school for young women. In a family oriented atmosphere, Saint Mary's is committed to educating the whole person. Students are taught to live Christian values, think critically, give service and act responsibly in a global society.

</doc>
<doc id="9797288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797288" title="Conway's thrackle conjecture">
Conway's thrackle conjecture

A thrackle is an embedding of a graph in the plane, such that each edge is a Jordan arc
and every pair of edges meet once. Edges may either meet at a common endpoint, or, if they have no endpoints in common, at a point in their interiors. In the latter case, the crossing must be "transverse".
Linear thrackles.
A linear thrackle is a thrackle drawn in such a way that its edges are straight line segments. Every linear thrackle has at most as many edges as vertices, a fact that was observed by Paul Erdős. Erdős observed that, if a vertex "v" is connected to three or more edges "vw", "vx", and "vy" in a linear thrackle, then at least one of those edges lies on a line that separates two other edges; without loss of generality assume that "vw" is such an edge, with "x" and "y" lying in opposite closed halfspaces bounded by line "vw". Then, "w" must have degree one, because no other edge than "vw" can touch both "vx" and "vy". Removing "w" from the thrackle produces a smaller thrackle, without changing the difference between the numbers of edges and vertices. On the other hand, if every vertex has at most two neighbors, then by the handshaking lemma the number of edges is at most the number of vertices. Based on Erdős' proof, one can infer that every linear thrackle is a pseudoforest. Every cycle of odd length may be arranged to form a linear thrackle, but this is not possible for an even-length cycle, because if one edge of the cycle is chosen arbitrarily then the other cycle vertices must lie alternatingly on opposite sides of the line through this edge.
Micha Perles provided another simple proof that linear thrackles have at most "n" edges, based on the fact that in a linear thrackle every edge has an endpoint at which the edges span an angle of at most 180°, and for which it is the most clockwise edge within this span. For, if not, there would be two edges, incident to opposite endpoints of the edge and lying on opposite sides of the line through the edge, which could not cross each other. But each vertex can only have this property with respect to a single edge, so the number of edges is at most equal to the number of vertices.
As Erdős also observed, the set of pairs of points realizing the diameter of a point set must form a linear thrackle: no two diameters can be disjoint from each other, because if they were then their four endpoints would have a pair at farther distance apart than the two disjoint edges. For this reason, every set of "n" points in the plane can have at most "n" diametral pairs, answering a question posed in 1934 by Heinz Hopf and Erika Pannwitz. Andrew Vázsonyi conjectured bounds on the number of diameter pairs in higher dimensions, generalizing this problem.
An enumeration of linear thrackles may be used to solve the biggest little polygon problem, of finding an "n"-gon with maximum area relative to its diameter.
Thrackle conjecture.
John H. Conway has conjectured that, in any thrackle, the number of edges is at most equal to the number of vertices. Conway himself uses the terminology "paths" and "spots" (for "edges" and "vertices" respectively), so Conway's thrackle conjecture was originally stated
in the form "every thrackle has at least as many spots as paths."
Equivalently, the thrackle conjecture may be stated as "every thrackle is a pseudoforest." More specifically, if the thrackle conjecture is true, the thrackles may be exactly characterized by a result of Woodall: they are the pseudoforests in which there is no cycle of length four and at most one odd cycle.
It has been proven that every cycle graph other than C4 has a thrackle embedding, which shows that the conjecture is sharp. That is, there are thrackles having the same number of spots as paths. At the other extreme, the worst-case scenario is that the number of spots is twice the number of paths; this is also attainable.
The thrackle conjecture is known to be true for thrackles drawn in such a way that every edge is an "x"-monotone curve, crossed at most once by every vertical line.
Known bounds.
Lovász et al. proved that every bipartite thrackle is a planar graph, although not drawn in a planar way. As a consequence, they show that every thrackleable graph with "n" vertices has at most 2"n" − 3 edges. Since then, this bound has been improved two times. First, it was improved to 3("n" − 1)/2, and the current best bound is roughly 1.428"n". Moreover, the method used to prove this result yields for any ε>0 a finite algorithm that either 
improves the bound to (1 + ε)"n" or disproves the conjecture.
If the conjecture is false, a minimal counterexample would have the form of two even cycles sharing a vertex. Therefore, to prove the conjecture, it would suffice to prove that graphs of this type cannot be drawn as thrackles.

</doc>
<doc id="9797292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797292" title="Tyron Leitso">
Tyron Leitso

Tyron Leitso (born January 7, 1976) is a Canadian actor.
Life and career.
Leitso was born in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He entered the acting industry when he worked as an extra on several Vancouver-based television productions, including "The X Files" and "Millennium". Leitso's first speaking role was for an episode in 1998 in the series "Breaker High" for UPN. He was cast as a lead, Derek MacMahon, in season one of the CBC teen drama "Edgemont" in 2000. He was also featured in the live-action remake of Snow White, as well as a TV biography of singer John Denver and the miniseries "Dinotopia".
In film, Leitso has appeared in "My Life Without Me", starring Sarah Polley, and played one of the leads (Simon) in "House of the Dead".
Leitso was featured as the romantic lead in the 2004 short-lived dramedy "Wonderfalls", where he plays a husband whose wife cheated on him. In 2006, he starred in three episodes in the Canadian ensemble drama "Whistler". Starting in 2009, he became part of the cast of "Being Erica", where he plays the main character's friend and eventually boyfriend.
Advertising.
Leitso has also appeared in commercial campaigns for "Salon Selectives", "Haggar Slacks", "The Florida Board of Health", "GTS Communications" (in Europe only), and "B.C. Tel/Telus", amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="9797300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797300" title="High Catton">
High Catton

High Catton is a village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north-west of the market town of Pocklington and about south of the village of Stamford Bridge. It lies to the east of the River Derwent.
Together with Low Catton it forms the civil parish of Catton.

</doc>
<doc id="9797307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797307" title="Resta in ascolto">
Resta in ascolto

Resta in ascolto is Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini's eighth studio album released by Warner Music on 22 October 2004. Escucha is its Latin Grammy Awards and Grammy Award-winning Spanish language equivalent released for the hispanophone market making her the first and only Italian female to receive such award. The album in its two version (Italian and Spanish) sold over 5 millions of copies around the world.
"Escucha" features “Víveme”, theme song of the highly successful Mexican telenovela "La madrastra" (2005). The song's exposure extended to the United States when Univision acquired the telenovela and began its broadcast of "La madrastra" in March 2005. In September 2006, following a year of praise and formal recognition—particularly from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences—Warner Music released special edition CD+DVDs of "Escucha" in Argentina and the United States. The special editions feature previously unreleased bonus tracks presented in music video form. These tracks include "Prendo te" and "De tu amor".
Promoting the album, Pausini embarked on a world tour during the early 6 months of 2005. The tour has yielded a DVD.
Background.
Influenced by international artists including Phil Collins and Celine Dion, the recording is on the subject of a break-up and was written in 2002, during Pausini's separation from her ex-boyfriend and producer Alfredo Cerruti.
The album features the song "Mi abbandono a te" / "Me abandono a ti", co-written by Pausini, Rick Nowels and Madonna. It also includes the ballad "Vivimi" / "Viveme", written by Biagio Antonacci, and the single "Benedetta passione" / "Bendecida pasión", penned by Italian rock-star Vasco Rossi. The album is mainly focused on themes of anger, bitterness, desire for independence and interior peace, but also features a song about the Iraq War, in which Pausini sings about Ali Ismail Abbas, a boy who was severely injured in a nighttime rocket attack near Baghdad in 2003.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="9797350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797350" title="Budapest College of Communication and Business">
Budapest College of Communication and Business

BKF University of Applied Sciences (, BKF) is an accredited private institute of higher education in Budapest, Hungary. The university offered regular and correspondence BA courses in business communication, international communication, a joint degree in communication (journalism) and European public service and business administration between 2001 and 2005. The university was accredited as an adult education institute, as well, in 2003. It has started the training of television journalists in partnership with the Hungarian Public Television. It has its own language department, which functions as an official EURO, ITK-Origo and TOEIC language exam centre and offers regular, business and special language courses. The Trade Academy of BKF offers special courses at intermediate and advanced level. The students can master the tricks of their chosen professions in study groups of 12-18 in the school’s pleasant campus, which is located in a suburb of Budapest. The well-equipped and modern school buildings have recently been renovated, and a brand-new, high-tech building was constructed in 2005 with the support of the European Union. Apart from baccalaureate courses, the school also offers vocational and post graduate courses, company courses in communication, business communication and European public management. The school also has a secondary school (BKF Bilingual Vocational School).
BKF University of Applied Sciences had its first graduation ceremony on February 26, 2005, when the school bid farewell in style to the first students of business communication who graduated in January 2005. Since 2005, BKF has implemented the Bologna process, and transformed the study programmes by the new Hungarian accreditation requirements. The current, running BA and BSc programmes are
communication and media studies,
business and management,
international business,
trade and marketing,
tourism,
public service.
BKF offers MSc programme in tourism and a marketing communication programme franchised from the London Middlesex University.
In 2006, the university added the "Business" to its name, reflecting the growing importance of the courses in business within the
curriculum.
In 2009, BKF integrated the "Heller Farkas" College of Tourism, and established an Institute of Visual Arts with BA programmes in photography, graphics, media design, cameraman, film and media studies - these programmes start in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9797351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797351" title="Napoleon Cordy">
Napoleon Cordy

Hannibal Napoleon David Alfred Thomas (“Nap”) Cordy (July 29, 1902 — January 30, 1977) was an amateur scholar in the field of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican civilizations, who made some notable contributions in the 1930s and 1940s to the early study and decipherment of the Maya script, used by the pre-Columbian Maya of southern Mexico and northern Central America.
Life and accomplishments.
Cordy was born in 1902 in Cheltenham, England. His family emigrated to the United States in 1913, settling in Globe, Arizona. The son of a coal and copper miner, Cordy briefly studied mining engineering at the University of Arizona. He moved to Los Angeles, California in 1922. 
While working as an electrician at the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power from 1922–62, Cordy became fascinated with the Maya civilization, especially Maya hieroglyphs. He wrote a number of articles on the subject for various publications, and was a respected contributor to the journal "The Masterkey", published by the Southwest Museum in Los Angeles. He was also a founding member of the Southwestern Anthropological Association. Cordy died in Los Angeles in 1977, aged 74. 
His daughter, Alana Cordy-Collins, became an anthropologist/archaeologist, specializing in the Peruvian prehistory, especially the Chavin and Moche civilizations. She is a professor of anthropology at the University of San Diego. A cousin, Ross Cordy, is an anthropologist specializing in Polynesian civilizations. He is chief archaeologist for the state of Hawaii’s Historic Preservation Division and teaches at the University of Hawaii.
Publications.
Cordy's publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="9797355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797355" title="Ydnekatchew Tessema">
Ydnekatchew Tessema

Ydnekatchew Tessema (Amharic: ይድነቃቸው ተሠማ; 11 September 1921 – 19 August 1987) was a footballer and pioneer of modern sports organizations in Ethiopia.
Early life.
Ydnekatchew was born in Jimma to father Negadras Tessema Eshete and mother Mulatwa Gebreselassie. Ydnekatchew's father was serving his fifth year of exile from the country for being the Minister of Telegraph and Posts of the deposed Iyasu V of Ethiopia.
This never really affected the relationship between Ydnekatchew and Emperor Haile Selassie,the two are seen in many shots where Ydnekatchew humbly accepted another trophy from the emperor. At age four, Ydnekatchew was sent to Teferi Mekonnen School, where he would receive most of his education. At school, the young Ydnekatchew played many sports but mastered football. At age 8 he was even made captain of his school team. In his teens, he also practiced cycling, short distance running and boxing, but he always seemed destined for football, which led him to being recruited by a member of the Arada FC (now Saint-George SA).
The young Ydnekatchew took French, English and Italian classes and was fluent in all those languages besides Amharic.
Later.
He is considered as one of the country's biggest sporting heroes. He played and coached Ethiopian clubs and teams and founded the modern Ethiopian Sports office at age 22. As a player he spent his entire career at Saint-George SA in Addis Ababa, joining the youth team in 1935 at age 14. Wearing the V across his chest he played 23 years straight with them including his youth years, a country record. Another record he holds is scoring 43 of 47 goals scored by his team in one competition season. When the Ethiopia national football team started playing international football in 1947, he was already 28 years old and the squad was vying for younger players, nevertheless he would get 15 caps to his name. His first cap was May 1, 1947 in a 5-0 victory over Djibouti. 
His record for the country led him to coach the Ethiopia national football team, after his retirement as player for a glorious period, and in 1962, at age 41 when the African Cup of Nations was to be held in Ethiopia, he led them to their only championships in this respected tournament,beating Egypt 4-2 in the final. Ethiopian football was at its peak then, as Haile Selassie the emperor of Ethiopia awarded them the trophy.
He would lead many Ethiopian sports delegations, including Ethiopia's Olympic teams to Rome 1960, to Tokyo 1964 and to Mexico 1968. Summer Olympics. He was the leader of the struggle that expelled apartheid South Africa from African Football in 1960, from the Olympics in 1971 and from FIFA in 1976.
Controversy after death.
In January 2006, 19 years after Ydnekatchew's death, Koraonline, the official football magazine of Egypt 2006 criticised Ydnekatchew of being a dictator in charge of African sport. The article stated: "Yidnekatchew Tessema was elected in Cameroon 1972, to rule African Football with an iron hand for 15 years." Further, on Egypt's 2006 official site, instead of Ydnekatchew, they recorded that a Serbian coach by the name of Milosevic was the winning coach for Ethiopia instead of Ydnekatchew.[http://www.egypt2006.com/estat.asp]
However, in team photos and clippings from that tournament, there is no sight of any European or foreigner among the Ethiopian players, and Ydnekatchew (who appears in many of the clippings himself) wearing a medal from that tournament.
Legacy.
Ydnekatchew died 18 August 1987 at the age of 65 due to long term illness. Until his death, he was the President of the Confederation of African Football, President of the Union of African Sports Confederations, honorary President of the Association of National Olympic Committees of Africa, Member of the Executive Committee of the Supreme Council for Sports in Africa and member of the International Olympic Committee. Africa saw him as an ambassador of Africa who took pride in athletic advancements made by the continent, and in March 1988, he was made Posthumous Honorary President of the African Football Confederation.

</doc>
<doc id="9797378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797378" title="Galaxy 27">
Galaxy 27

Galaxy 27 is a communications satellite owned by Intelsat. It was at first located at 129° W longitude, serving most of the North American market. It was built by Space Systems/Loral, as part of its FS-1300 line. Galaxy 27 was formerly known as Intelsat Americas 7 and Telstar 7.
Current clients for Galaxy 27 include StarBand and Talkstar Radio Network.
This satellite experienced a several-day power failure in 2004 and returned to service with reduced capacity.
In May 2011, Galaxy 27 was redeployed to 45.1° E longitude in order to expand Intelsat's services in Middle East and West Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9797419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797419" title="Sir Cumference (series of books)">
Sir Cumference (series of books)

Sir Cumference is a series of children's educational books about math, by Cindy Neuschwander and Wayne Geehan. Currently, there are 6 books in the series: "Sir Cumference and the First Round Table", "Sir Cumference and the Dragon of Pi", "Sir Cumference and the Great Knight of Angleland", "Sir Cumference and the Sword in the Cone", "Sir Cumference and the Isle of Immeter", and "Sir Cumference and All the Kings Tens".
Characters.
Most of the characters of the book are named after math terms, such as Sir Cumference (circumference).
Sir Cumference.
Sir Cumference is a knight in the kingdom of Camelot. He has a wife called Lady Di of Ameter and a son named Radius.
Di of Ameter.
Di of Ameter is the wife of Sir Cumference. In the first book, she came up with all the different shapes of the table (parallelogram, square, etc.) and in "Sir Cumference and the Dragon of Pi", she stayed with Sir Cumference when he turned into a dragon. Lady people coming to get him in the third book.
Radius.
Radius is the son of Di of Ameter and Sir Cumference. He has a friend named Vertex in "Sir Cumference and the Sword in the Cone", and plays an important role in both "Sir Cumference and the Dragon of Pi" and "The Sword in the Cone" first by turning his father to a dragon and back, and later assisting Vertex in becoming King. He is the focus of "Sir Cumference and the Great Knight of Angleland", in which he becomes a knight after rescuing King Lell and his pair of dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="9797479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797479" title="Rotor (electric)">
Rotor (electric)

The rotor is the moving part of a rotary electric motor, electric generator or alternator, which rotates because the wires and magnetic field of the motor are arranged so that a torque is developed about the rotor's axis. In some designs, the rotor can act to serve as the motor's armature, across which the input voltage is supplied. 
Rotor losses, an important form of power losses in induction motors, are largely but not entirely proportional to the square of the slip (slip is the difference between the rotational speed of the magnetic field and the actual rpm of the rotor at a given load). Thus, rotor losses are reduced by decreasing the degree of slip for a given load. This is accomplished by increasing the mass of the rotor conductors (conductor bars and end-plates) and/or increasing their conductivity, and to a lesser extent by increasing the total magnetic field across the air gap between rotor and stator.
The electrical efficiency of motors can be improved by replacing the standard aluminum electrical conductor in the motor rotor with copper, which has a much higher electrical conductivity. For more information, see: Copper die-cast rotors.
The stationary part of an electric motor is the stator.
A common problem is called cogging torque.

</doc>
<doc id="9797480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797480" title="Gómez Pereira">
Gómez Pereira

Gómez Pereira (1500–1567) was a Spanish philosopher, doctor, and natural humanist from Medina del Campo. Pereira worked hard to dispel medieval concepts of medicine and proposed the application of empirical methods; as for his philosophy, it is of the standard direction and his reasonings are a clear precedent of René Descartes. He was famous for his practice of medicine, although he had many diverse occupations, such as owning businesses, engineering, and philosophy. He is credited with helping Descartes come up with the famous phrase "cogito ergo sum", meaning "I think, therefore I am" in Latin.
Biography.
Not much is known of his life, because there was no one who took care of his manuscripts. What is known is the result of the investigation of unrelated documents to which researchers have given shape, many of them having to do with business or lawsuits.
Born in 1500 in Medina del Campo, he was the second of five brothers; his father, Antonia Pereira, owned a small shop of " xerguería," i.e., fabrics and low quality cloths. His mother, Margarita de Medina, died in 1515 and her sons went to the care of her aunt Ana de Avila. It is thought that Pereira descended from a family of converted Jews originally from Portugal, though this is not certain because the source of this was a neighbor that testified against him in a lawsuit.
However, we cannot rule out this conversion because we know that, until his marriage, Pereira lived with his parents on Serrano street, which is located in the old Jewish quarter of town.
Pereira studied natural philosophy at the University of Salamanca with professor Juan Martínez Silíceo (who later became the archbishop of Toledo between 1545 and 1557). There, apparently, he was actively involved in the disputes between the realists and the nominalists, preferring the latter and rejecting the authority of the old masters in favor of knowledge provided by experience and reason. Here, he also studied medicine, concluding his studies 1520.
He then returned to Medina where he established himself as a doctor. He married Isabel Rodriguez and lived on Rúa Nueva (now Padilla Street) where he worked as a doctor and managed the business that he inherited from his family. He possessed a considerable amount of capital and invested in a wide range of business including responsibility for making the actual income and managing the collection of several parishes, trading and warehousing wines, and renting rooms to other merchants who went to the "Great Exhibitions of the Kingdom" that took place in Medina.
His fame as a physician exceeded the boundaries of Medina, and he practiced in Burgos, Segovia, Ávila and other important cities of Castille. He even came to the court of Phillip II where he was summed to attend upon Prince Charles, heir to the unfortunate throne, who had suffered a serious accident. Thanks to Pereira, the Prince lived until 1568. He was also interested in the construction of hydraulic devices and, with his companion Francisco Lobato, designed a watermill dam that could function without water, which was patented in 1563.
In folio 26 of the "Manuscripts of Francisco Lobato", the Medinan engineer decided to design a special mill, at the initiative of King Maxmilian II of Austria, who at the time was in Vallodolid (ca. 1550), a refugee from the wars against the Protestants. The future king of Bohemia took a fancy to go up the Douro River, so he commanded a galley be built and ordered the removal of any building that disrupted his navigation, i.e., fisheries and mills. This greatly harmed the locals who came to Lobato and Pereira to design a mill that could grind with the force of water without being directly on the river bank. Lobato goes on to explain that a model they tested on the Zapardiel River "milled and shook with reasonable force…, but it sucked in so much water that, by midday, there wasn't a single drop." Although the model was refined with a dam that returned the water to the river, the king paid no attention, and the project fell into oblivion. Lobato complained bitterly that, despite the promises of funding by the Hapsburgs, "we have already spent 150 ducats…and he never paid me anything—someday I'll have to ask for it."
Work.
Pereira's unique thought arose from his synthesis of philosophy and medicine. He rejected the authority of the old masters and medievals in favor of reason, logic and experience. Moreover, he often used paradoxes and syllogisms to expose the errors of those he questioned. Thus, it can be argued that his philosophy was more negative than positive, but this is understandable considering the context of ideological suppression in the face of religious authority, as well the veiled accusations about Pereira's Jewish origins. The famous essayist Menéndez Pelayo wrote of this famous thinker:
In experimental psychology, Gómez Pereira is, without a doubt, more advanced than his time, more than the seventeenth century, more than Bacon, more than Descartes. None noted the phenomenon of his intelligence.
"Novae veraeque Medicinae".
"Novae veraeque Medicinae" is a medical treatise that focuses on the study of fevers causes and types as well as other specific diseases like leprosy and smallpox. In this work, which he dedicated to Prince Don Carlos, Pereira challenges the tradition of Aristotle and Galen, as well as the medieval tradition of ""magister dixit"". His is an entirely empirical and rational method, based in his experience as a physician. The healing methods are simple, and the doctor, because of his method and experience, is the final criterion of truth (as opposed to truths of religion or faith). "In no case of religious things will I give the opinion and sentence of some philosopher if it is not based on reason."
Gómez Pereira felt that the heat generated by a fever is the body's defense mechanism to remove the damage that affects it and, thus, nature restores the natural balance of any body, a surprisingly modern conception of fever as a reaction against disease. As for his studies of diseases such as leprosy or smallpox, Pereira's conclusions were later commended by the physician and historian Antonio Hernandez Morejon.
"Antoniana Margarita".
"Antoniana Margarita" was reprinted many times but only very recently translated into Castilian (2000, form the original Latin). The work is dedicated to his teacher Juan Martinez Silicium and is a tribute to his parents, Antonio and Margarita, even though the subtitle of clearly indicates its scientific and philosophical contents: "a work so useful and necessary for medical, physical, and theologians (""Opus NEMP phisicis, ac medicis teologis, non minus utile quam necessarium"").
A difficult text to read because there are no chapters or paragraphs, the document uses the language of the "christianos nuevos" (New Christians) to explore new ideas from empiricism and materialism, possibly an effort to hide potentially controversial and blasphemous methods of reasoning (16th Century Castile, the Council of Trent had already begun). Thus, the Pereira did not venture to develop the logical conclusions to their fullest extent.
It is a philosophical treatise that addresses three key issues: the "automatism of beasts"; the theory of human knowledge; the immortality of the soul.
The Insensibility of Animals.
Pereira's paradigm is typical of the Christian humanism of the Renaissance, denying that animals are equal to humans, while acknowledging some resemblance. Both have a body with five senses, but in the case of animals, the senses do not lead to knowledge, but cause automatic reactions. Indeed, many animals are capable of acting on internal impulses ("soma"), upon external stimuli ("specie" and "phantasma"), and have some non-conscious ability to learn ("memoria"). Nevertheless, Pereira denies animals the capacity for real knowledge: ""bruta sensu carent"."
The idea had many supporters, because, as indicated by the author himself, if animals feel just like humans, there would be nothing to differentiate, and if humans and animals are equal, animals can also learn about the Universal, which would be "absurd and impious." But he also had detractors, some of them very close. The physician Francisco de Sosa, who published in 1556 his work ""Endecálago against Antoniana Margarita, in which is treated many and very sensitive reasons and authorities of the proofs of the feeling and movement of brutes." "
Human Knowledge.
In this sense, Pereira's ideas are radically opposed to medieval scholasticism. He argues that knowledge enters through the sensory organs, as in animals, but only the human soul, its spirit, is capable of converting the information provided by the senses into real thought. This is one of the qualities of the soul, the ability to extract from physical sensations the substance of things ( Universals) through this process of abstraction. But Gómez Pereira believes that sensation and intellect go together in such a way that in human beings there is something that identifies the faculty of feeling with the quality of thought, in the same way, e.g., that thought and language are linked: "if you feel, you understand."
The Immortality of the Soul.
Thus, knowledge would be an essential faculty of the soul, and, moreover, the human being has a soul conscious of itself, that exists thanks to the thoughts it develops. In this work, there is a phrase that no doubt surprises those that are unaware of Pereira, for obvious reasons: ""nosco me aliquid noscere, et quidquid noscit, est, ergo ego sum."" "I know that I know something, anyone who knows exists, then I exist."
Although Pereira recognizes that animals have souls, it dies with them. The human soul, however, is self-sufficient and thus immortal. He provides three proofs that he claims had not been discovered. First, because of its consciousness, the human soul is capable of knowing independent of the body, and thus is capable of existing despite the body's death. Secondly, the human soul does not change even though the body ages or becomes diseased, that is, its essence is not affected by extrinsic factors. Thirdly, it is the desire of all humans to attain happiness, which, alongside the wish to know the future and the consequences of our actions, are the reasons that prompt us to do good, because evil deeds lead to punishment and misfortune.
Pereira and Descartes.
After René Descartes published his "Discourse on Method" in 1637, the originality of the thoughts was questioned and even said to be an overt plagiarism of Gómez Pereira, as the Spanish philosopher had been studied by many prestigious intellectuals during the 16th and 17th Centuries.
The first to suggest the similarities between the two was Pierre Daniel Huet, originally a follower then an opponent of Cartesian philosophy. Descartes himself was forced to defend himself against these accusations, as is evidenced by a letter he wrote in 1641 to his friend Father Marin Mersenne:
I have not seen "Antoniana Margarita", nor do I have a great need to see it any more than the Theses of Louvain or the book of Hansenius, but I would like to know where to find a copy if you think it necessary.
Many scholars of the 17th and 18th Centuries sided with Descartes and despised the work of Pereira, among them Pierre Bayle (although he did recognize the similarity between the two) and the Enclyopedists Diderot and d'Alembert who said:
Descartes is the first philosopher who dared to consider animals as mere machines: therefore, Gómez Pereira, who said this some time before him . . . stumbled upon this hypothesis by chance.
However, many others have defended the contrary thesis. Even accepting that Descartes may not have read the work of Pereira, they argue that he was influenced indirectly, especially through the work of another Spanish physician and philosopher, Francisco Valles, who read it in French. Among those who accuse Descartes of being a counterfeit are Isaac Cardoso and Voltaire.
The basis for this criticism is the striking similarities between the two thinkers on some key points:

</doc>
<doc id="9797507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797507" title="Đavolja Varoš">
Đavolja Varoš

Đavolja Varoš (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђавоља варош, meaning "Devil's Town") is a peculiar rock formation, located in south Serbia on the Radan Mountain near Kuršumlija. It features 202 exotic formations described as earth pyramids or "towers", as the locals refer to them. They are 2-15 m tall and 4-6 m wide at the base. These formations were created by strong erosion of the soil that was scene of intense volcanic activity millions of years ago. Most of the towers have "caps" or "heads" of andesite, which protect them from further erosion.
Since 1959, Đavolja Varoš has been protected by the state and a 1995 decision of the Serbian Government declared it a major natural monument subject to category one protection.
A natural spring is located beneath the formations and has a high mineral concentration. There are two springs: Đavolja voda (Devil’s Water), with extremely acidic water (pH 1.5) and high mineral concentration (15 g/l of water), and Crveno vrelo (Red Well).
Đavolja Varoš was a nominee in the New Seven Wonders of Nature campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="9797520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797520" title="Pacific Biodiversity Information Forum">
Pacific Biodiversity Information Forum

Pacific Biodiversity Information Forum or PBIF, is a regional, non-governmental, scholarly organization that seeks to provide a multilateral venue to support knowledge transfer and information access in the Pacific Islands. 
Establishment.
PBIF was established in 2003 under the auspices of the Pacific Science Association. Preliminary discussions to create the forum began in 2001 at the third Global Biodiversity Information Facility meeting and an initial planning session convened in 2002. In 2004, a workshop took place to 1) further refine the PBIF concept as a vehicle for collaboration and innovation; 2) explore ways to make biodiversity data more fully available to the Pacific Basin and rim nations; and 3) to identify potential pilot projects that would further biodiversity efforts in the Pacific. The workshop attendees, Asia/Oceania-based governmental, intergovernmental, and non-governmental organizations, embraced PBIF as a vehicle to provide access to credible scientific information that is both easy to find and targeted to specific needs of the people in the region. 
Activities.
Whereas many current regional informatics initiatives focus much of their attention on information management of non-living resources, PBIF invests wholly in the information management of Pacific island organisms. PBIF is designed to aggregate, organize, and disseminate available biodiversity data in an electronically accessible information system. The PBIF effort is not intended to replace any existing activity, but to complement, link and strengthen current regional activities.
Mission statement.
"The Pacific Biodiversity Information Forum seeks to develop a complete, scientifically sound, and electronically accessible Pacific biological knowledge base and make it widely available to local, national, regional and global users for decision-making."
Scope.
Geographic- Polynesia, Melanesia, Micronesia and Southeast Asia 
Thematic- Taxonomy, Invasive Species, Threatened and Endangered Species
User Base- Resource managers, scientists, policy makers in the public, private, and civic sectors, and the general public 
Administration.
Dr. Mark Fornwall serves as the Gateway Node Manager; Rhyn Davies coordinated Content and Technical Development.
New locations of data and services.
Since mid-2011, some data and services formerly provided by PBIF are now available at other online locations:

</doc>
<doc id="9797560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797560" title="Seat of the European Parliament in Strasbourg">
Seat of the European Parliament in Strasbourg

The city of Strasbourg (France) is the official seat of the European Parliament. The institution is legally bound to meet there twelve sessions a year lasting about four days each. Other work takes place in Brussels and Luxembourg City (see Location of European Union institutions for more information). Also all votes of the European Parliament must take place in Strasbourg. "Additional" sessions and committees take place in Brussels. Although "de facto" a majority of the Parliament's work is now geared to its Brussels site, it is legally bound to keep Strasbourg as its official home.
The Parliament's buildings are located in the "Quartier Européen" (European Quarter) of the city, which it shares with other European organisations which are separate from the European Union's. Previously the Parliament used to share the same assembly room as the Council of Europe. Today, the principal building is the Louise Weiss building, inaugurated in 1999.
Principal building.
The Louise Weiss building (IPE 4) (named after the MEP of the same name) is located in the Wacken district of Strasbourg, south of Schiltigheim, between the 1920s worker's suburban colony ("Cité ouvrière") Cité Ungemach and the 1950s buildings of the Strasbourg fair, some of which had to be torn down to make way for the "Immeuble du Parlement européen 4", its technical name. Built at a cost of 3.1 billion French francs (470 million euros) at the intersection of the Ill and the Marne-Rhine Canal, it houses the hemicycle for plenary sessions, the largest of any European institution (750 seats – expanded to 785 – for MEPs and 680 for visitors), 18 other assembly rooms as well as a total of 1133 parliamentary offices. Through a covered footbridge over the Ill, the Louise Weiss communicates with the Winston Churchill and Salvador de Madariaga buildings.
With its surface of 220,000m² and its distinctive 60m tower, it is one of the biggest and most visible buildings of Strasbourg. The Louise Weiss was designed by the Paris-based team of architects Architecture-Studio. The architects were inspired by Roman amphitheatres. After the project was approved at an international contest in 1991, work, commissioned by the Société d'Aménagement et d'Équipement de la Région de Strasbourg on behalf of the Urban Community of Strasbourg, started in May 1995, with up to twelve tower cranes at the time on what was one of the biggest building sites of the decade in Europe. The inauguration of the building took place on 14 December 1999 by French President Jacques Chirac and Parliament President Nicole Fontaine. In internal EP documents, the building is referred to as "LOW".
Tower.
The voluntarily unfinished aspect of the 60m high tower carries heavy symbolism, as it is alleged to have been oriented eastwards, i.e. towards eastern Europe, of which by the time of the completion of the building no country had yet joined the EU. However, the open side of the tower actually faces west. Urban legends and Internet memes have long alleged that its design consciously mirrors the Tower of Babel as painted by Bruegel (the Vienna version), and although unfounded, the rumour has entered mainstream media through Glenn Beck.
On 14 January 2009, the European Parliament decided to bestow the name of the recently deceased, distinguished MEP for Poland, Bronisław Geremek, to the courtyard inside the tower. The "Bronisław Geremek Agora" () was officially inaugurated on 21 April 2009.
Hemicycle.
Members sit in a hemicycle according to their political groups arranged mainly from left to right, although with the non-attached members towards the back and right of the chamber. All desks are equipped with microphones, headphones for interpretation and electronic voting equipment. The leaders of the groups sit on the front benches at the centre, and in the very centre is a podium for guest speakers. The remaining segment of the circular chamber is primarily composed of the raised area where the President and staff sit. Behind them there is an EU flag attached to the wall with national flags in rows each side of it.
Interpretation booths are located behind them and along the sides of the chamber, while public galleries are located above the chamber around the entire perimeter. Further benches are provided between the sides of the raised area and the MEPs; these are taken up by the Council on the far left and the Commission on the far right. The chamber as a whole is of a modern design, with the walls entirely composed of lights with large blue chairs for MEPs.
Ceiling collapse.
On 7 August 2008, 10% of the ceiling of the plenary chamber collapsed. No one was injured, as Parliament was not meeting at the time (it was in summer recess), though a number of seats were damaged. A first part of the ceiling collapsed at 18.00 CET followed by a second part at 22.36 CET. No extreme weather conditions were reported and the structure was new, so it was assumed that the false ceiling had a defect. The President's office stated that a third of the ceiling had been affected and that "The preliminary results have revealed that the partial collapse of the ceiling resulted from the breakage of parts holding the suspended ceiling that connects it with the actual structure of the ceiling."
Repair work began immediately, but it became apparent that it could not be repaired in time for the next sitting. Thus, the session starting on 1 September was moved to the Brussels hemicycle. Parliament was expected to move back to Strasbourg for the session starting on 22 September but had to remain in Brussels for that session as well as safety inspections dragged on. The event was greeted with joy by those who oppose the Parliament's presence in Strasbourg, and mocked by eurosceptics who wore hard hats to the first plenary in Brussels after the incident (if Parliament had been sitting at the time, the collapsing ceiling would have hit members of the eurosceptic parties).
In August 2012, the Paul-Henri Spaak building in Brussels which houses the hemicycle was found to be defective as well. Cracks in the beams that support the ceiling led to a security closure of at least six months, as announced by an estimate released on 9 October 2012 by the Parliament administration. This in turn led to a reshuffle of the Parliament's timetable. In early December 2012, it became known that the damage was more serious than previously thought, and that the closure of the hemicycle was expected to last "until November 2013". All "mini plenary" meetings in Brussels until this date were scrapped, a decision that was met with "fury" by some MEPs. Since, as of December 2012, the European Parliament is "having trouble" finding a company to carry out the repair work, it is likely that the reopening of the Brussels hemicycle may take place only in 2014.
Criticism.
The Louise Weiss building has been subjected to criticism for its complex interior design : "It is apparently transparent but almost impossible to navigate; there are bridges between different levels, but you cannot quite work out where they lead".
When it was opened, it was condemned by some for being "shabby, dark, difficult to navigate" with telecommunications and lifts being plagued by technical difficulties; Parliament President Nicole Fontaine climbed nine flights of stairs to her office rather than risk being trapped in the notorious lifts. In 2002, the building's water supply was hit by an outbreak of Legionnaires disease, due to the lack of use for much of the year (see "Secondary buildings" below) and in 2008 the ceiling of the plenary chamber collapsed (see "Hemicycle" above).
Secondary buildings.
There are three secondary buildings across the river from the Louise Weiss. Like the Louise Weiss, they follow the numbering system of "Immeuble du Parlement Européen" (French for "Building of the European Parliament") 1, 2 and 3. 1 and 2 form a single complex and 3 is located further inland towards the Council buildings. On the site on which they were built, there previously stood the swimming pool of the "Société des nageurs strasbourgeois" (SNS), built in 1952 and demolished in 1978 to make way.
The Winston Churchill building (IPE 1) is located on "Avenue du Président Schuman", in the Orangerie district. It houses administration and support facilities. The Salvador de Madariaga building (IPE 2), along Quai du Bassin de l'Ill, is located next to the Winston Churchill building. Both buildings, designed by the municipal architect François Sauer with the assistance of Jean-Paul Friedmann on behalf of the SERS actually form one single complex with a surface of 58,400m², built at a cost of 81 million euros, inaugurated in 1980 (later modified in 1988 and 1991, in relation to the construction of the IPE 3) and designed in a post-modern style often characterised by convoluted, serpentine architecture, relative heights and glazed facades., The Salvador de Madariaga building also houses the other EU body of which Strasbourg is the official seat (since 1992): the European Ombudsman.
The buildings were at the centre of controversy regarding overpayment of rent. They were eventually bought by the Parliament in 2006.
In October 2007 it was discovered that the buildings contained a larger amount of asbestos than previously thought before they were purchased. However the amount is still not deemed to be a public health risk and is limited to certain areas. The previous owner of the building may be responsible for finding and removing the asbestos within the building. This was not the first such incident as bacteria causing Legionnaires has been discovered in the water system of the complex after a number of officials reported in ill. The bacteria had been allowed to develop due to the Strasbourg complex being used only four months of the year.
The Pierre Pflimlin building (IPE 3), a heart-shaped, comparatively low building built on behalf of the SERS at the crossing of Avenue du Président Robert Schuman and Allée Spach, inaugurated in 1991 as a press and media center ("Centre de presse et d'information") at a cost of 38 million euros, has been given the name of the former President of European Parliament on 6 July 2007. The smallest of the buildings (21,000 m²), it is also the only one not to be next to the river or the canal. It now houses among other things the translation staff.
Former buildings.
The present buildings were constructed due to the enlargement of the European Union in 1995 (and the planned enlargement to the east in 2004). Due to the new members, the Parliament needed a larger hemicycle to hold debates, and more offices for MEPs. Prior to this, Parliament shared the facilities of the Council of Europe, who had built a hemicycle in their headquarters: the Palace of Europe. That hemicycle was inaugurated for the Parliament's use, and for the use of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, on 28 January 1977.
However, the sharing of this chamber could cause confusion for TV audiences unsure which institution was using it at the time. This was exacerbated by the EU and the Council of Europe both using the same flag, although the two did use their own emblems as well.
Before the Palace of Europe was built in 1977, the two institutions also shared the "Maison de l'Europe" ("House of Europe") from 1958. The Maison was a provisory concrete building of purely functional architecture and was inaugurated in 1950. It stood where there is now a lawn leading up to the Palace of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9797609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797609" title="Galaxy 28">
Galaxy 28

Galaxy 28 is a communications satellite owned by Intelsat located at 89° W longitude, serving the North American market. It was built by Space Systems/Loral, as part of its FS-1300 line. Galaxy 28 was formerly known as Intelsat Americas 8 and Telstar 8. This satellite provides services in the C-band, Ku band, and Ka band.
Current clients for Galaxy 28 include HughesNet, Hearst Corporation, Mobile Universe, ABC, and CBS.

</doc>
<doc id="9797611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797611" title="Colorado Aviation Historical Society">
Colorado Aviation Historical Society

The Colorado Aviation Historical Society (CAHS) is located in Denver, Colorado and was founded in 1966. CAHS home is at Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum. The Society acquires, restores, preserves and provides for public display, aircraft and other objects, documents, items and things of present or historical interest or value in connection with the development and history of aviation in the State of Colorado. CAHS host many aviation events and participates in many of Colorado's air shows and fly-ins. The Society has regular membership meetings and publishes a quarterly history journal. The Society owns an Alexander Eaglerock Model 24 Long Wings which is on loan and display at the Pueblo Weisbrod Aircraft Museum, Pueblo, Colorado.
Colorado Aviation Hall of Fame.
The CAHS honors the State's historic aviators and conducts the nomination process for induction into the Colorado Aviation Hall of Fame. The Hall of Fame is part of the Heritage Hall Exhibit Room located in the Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum. Exhibits are rotated periodically and depict such history as the Colorado Air National Guard, general aviation, women in aviation, timeline of aviation history, and Colorado civil and commercial aviation. The induction ceremony is held during CAHS's annual banquet.
Aviation Archaeology Program.
CAHS' flagship program is the Aviation Archaeology (AvAr) Program. The Program was designed in 2005 and its inaugural class was held in 2006. The rudiments of aviation archaeology training subjects include prelimenary project research of accident reports, federal/state laws, simple orienteering, site documentation and investigation. Graduate Field Agents visit aircraft crash sites, old missiles facilities, former aircraft manufacturing facilities, abandoned airfields and airstrips. There are over 800 military aircraft crash sites in Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="9797642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797642" title="Kishori Shahane">
Kishori Shahane

Kishori Shahane is an eminent classical and folk dancer and actress in the Marathi language film industry of India. She is married to Hindi filmmaker Deepak Balraj Vij. She is a producer who helped make a film about the life of Sai Baba of Shirdi.
Early life.
When at Mithibai College Kishori was crowned with the Miss Mithibai beauty pageant award, at a college known as the cultural hub of Mumbai. She entered into Marathi films and shot to fame with "Maherchi Sadi" and "Wajva Re Wajva". Her stage performances in plays like "Moruchi Mauchi" (Marathi) and "Aadhe Adhure" (Hindi), directed by Amal Allana bought her recognition as a complete actress. She worked in Marathi blockbuster films like "Ek Daav Dhobi Pachad" and "Navra Majha Navsacha". Her role in Hindi movies like "Pyaar Mein Twist" and "" directed by Vikram Bhatt put forward her ability to play different roles while maintaining her fitness level in front of audience.
Deepak Balraj Vij, a Hindi filmmaker noticed her talent. He did "Hafta Band", "Bomb Blast" and two more films with her. During the making of "Hafta Bandh" in 1991, they came closer and later got married. Kishori then switched over to Hindi TV serials and continued to work in Hindi and Marathi films. She became popular with her performance in serials like "Ghar Ek Mandir", "Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahin", and "Sindoor". Her serials have been showed on many of the Indian TV channels showing her widespread small screen network.
Kishori is a classical and folk dancer, too. She has performed on stage in India and abroad. She also completed her music video "Saavan" for Venus. After almost 13 years she took part in the Mrs. Gladrags Beauty Peageant show and won Mrs. Gladrags Runner-up in 2003.
As a filmmaker, her "Mohatyachi Renuka" (Marathi) has received Maharashtra State Award 2007 for best editing. The film was produced and directed by Kishori. Her next venture "Malik Ek" (Hindi) was based on the life of Sai Baba and had Jackie Shroff in the lead role. Although being well cast movie was a box office failure. She is soon to launch her next Marathi film "Aika Dajiba" with top Marathi stars.
Filmography.
She has worked in more than 40 Marathi films.
Theater.
Marathi.
"mahanatya SAHYADRI"prodoctions

</doc>
<doc id="9797643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797643" title="Herff Jones">
Herff Jones

Herff Jones Company manufactures and sells educational recognition and achievement products and motivational materials, and has been in continuous operation for 90 years. Herff Jones maintains production facilities across the United States as well as in Canada.
History.
Harry J. Herff and Randall H. Jones founded Herff Jones in Indianapolis, Indiana on January 6, 1920. The company manufactured insignia jewelry and class rings.
In 1973, they were bought by Carnation Company and operated as a division of that company for 11 years.
In 1985 Herff Jones bought their assets and liabilities from the Carnation Company and became an independent company.
In 1989 they established an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), becoming an entirely employee owned company.
In 2011, they sold their photography division to Lifetouch
On July 29, 2011, Herff Jones completed an acquisition of Varsity Brands.

</doc>
<doc id="9797647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797647" title="Mediaster aequalis">
Mediaster aequalis

Mediaster aequalis is one of the smaller sea stars, ranging in size from three to seven inches. It is found on many types of beaches at very low tides, usually negative tides. Omnivorous. Found along the west coast of North America, ranging from Alaska to California. Also known as the vermillion sea star.

</doc>
<doc id="9797649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797649" title="William E. Harmon Foundation">
William E. Harmon Foundation

The Harmon Foundation was established in 1922 by William E. Harmon. It served as a large-scale patron of African-American art and helped gain recognition for African-American artists who otherwise would have remained largely unknown. Mary B. Brady was the director of the foundation from 1922 until its cessation in 1967.
The William E. Harmon Foundation award for distinguished achievement among Negroes was created in 1926. It was known as an award for excellence in the visual arts, but was offered for distinguished achievement in many different fields among Negroes or in the cause of race relations. This helped art education programs grow in many areas. Among the many recipients of the awards were Hale Woodruff, Palmer Hayden, Archibald Motley (his winning piece was "The Octoroon Girl"), Countee Cullen and Langston Hughes. 
In addition to the awards, the Foundation is well known for its traveling exhibitions. An annual "Exhibition of the Work of Negro Artists", conceived by Mary Brady, was held in 1927 through 1931, 1933, and 1935. Laura Wheeler Waring was one of the artists featured the first year of the exhibitions, and the Foundation commissioned her to do portraits of prominent African Americans. The traveling exhibitions awarded "substantial prizes" together with gold, silver and bronze medals. According to Gates and Higginbotham, "...submissions in the fine arts category was the chief venue open to African American artists." 
The Foundation operated until 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9797716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797716" title="Nigerian Military School">
Nigerian Military School

The Nigerian Military School Zaria, founded as the Boys-Company of Nigeria in 1954, was established under the auspices of Nigerian Regiment Training centre of the Royal West African Frontier Force (RWAFF). The school was established along with three others in the British Colonial West Africa in Gambia, Gold Coast (now Ghana), and Sierra-Leone. It was modeled after the Boys Wing of the British Army. The present day Military School came into being on May 20, 1954.
The Boys Company as it used to be called was established as a full fledged training institution under the regimentation and administration of the defunct Nigerian Regimental Training Centre (NRTC) now Depot NA.
The aim of the school was the production of "middle and skilled manpower" to replace the departing British Colonial NCOs. Thus, a lot of emphasis was laid on military and academic training. In 1958, ten Boys from the School sat for the overseas Armed Forces General Certificate Examination and the school changed to school certificate status.
In 1960, the name "Boys Company" was changed to Nigerian Military School. In 1965 the first set of Boys wrote the West African Examination Council (WAEC) in which they performed creditably well. Since then, the school's performance in such examination has always been excellent.
With the introduction of the new National Policy on Education, the School now runs six-year training programme broken into junior and senior classes of three years duration respectively. A Board of Governors was established to oversee the running of the school.
To facilitate effective administration, Military and Academic training, the school is segmented into 5 main Wings: The Headquarters, Military wing, Education Wing, Boys Battalion and the Administrative Company.
The first Commandant of the School, then known as Boys Company, was Captain WU Bassey. Since the establishment of this great Military institution, it has at various times been commanded by distinguished Military Officers.
Former Students.
Former students, commonly known as Ex-boys, have been successful in the Nigerian Armed Forces. Notable alumni include Gen. IBM Haruna, Major General Joseph Nanven Garba, Tunde Idiagbon, Buba Marwa, John Nanzip Shagaya, Salihu Ibrahim, Gen Tanko Ayuba, Senator David Mark, Mr Tunde Adesogan, Hon Adole Ameh Raphael, Hon Ponmah Durfa,Arch Dimka, Hon Kingsley Elebo(CEO Techstuff Nigeria),Actor Olasunkanmi Omobolanle and two winners on the popular Who Wants to be a Millionaire Franchise Ime Isua-Ikoh and Adewale Nurudeen Shinaba. The establishment of the Nigerian Military School dates back to the colonial periods. It was part of the general process of Nigerianising the Army as independence became imminent. The origin of the School could be traced to 1951 when it was suggested by the West African Command that a “Boys Company” should be established in each of the four British colonies namely; Nigeria, Gold Coast (now Ghana), Sierra Leone and the Gambia along with the pattern of the “Boys Wing” in the British Army. The idea remained in gestation until 20 May 1954 when the School eventually came into being with an initial intake of thirty (30) Boys, known then as the first platoon. The primary aim of setting up the institution was “to inculcate the family tradition into the force.” Perhaps this explains why the 30 initial recruits of the platoon were mostly children of soldiers (see MARCHING ON – The Nigerian Military School. By Ahmadu and Famola. 1995). The singer D'banj enrolled, then dropped out.
Almost immediately after its establishment, the School became a full-fledged training institution under the regimentation and administration of the defunct Nigerian Regimental Training Centre (NRTC) now Depot Nigerian Army. This however did not make the institution a subsidiary of NRTC.
Education curriculum.
The Nigerian Military School gives its students both academic and military training. Every boy soldier as the students are called has one day a week dedicated strictly to military training while the other four days of the week are dedicated to academic training. The students used to be optionally enrolled into the Nigerian Army as private soldiers on the successful completion of their training, in 1999 it became compulsory for graduating students to join the Nigerian Army.
Houses.
To encourage sporting activities and competition as attendance increased, four houses were created: Exham, Inglis, FairBanks and Swynnerton. These names were later changed to Giffard, Tranchard, Whistler and Lugard.
As the School changed to School certificate status shortly after independence, the house names were also changed to Lagos, Ibadan, Enugu and Kaduna. The new names were chosen to reflect the regional capitals of the country.
In 1976, two additional houses were added and the names were again changed. The new house names reflected military company designations: Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta, Echo, Foxtrot.
One additional has been added: Gulf, the 7th company. In late 2003, the School changed to the old names of Kaduna, Lagos, Ibadan and Enugu, with Abuja, Calabar and Zaria given to the additional new companies of Echo, Foxtrot and Gulf.
Nigeria Military School, Zaria: Elite Training Institution for Young Nigerian Men.
Since the establishment of the Nigerian Military School, the institution has contributed in all walks of life and remains the center of excellence in its distinct role of training and moulding Nigeria children just coming out of primary schools into intelligent, disciplined, Industrious, patriotic and hard working young boys.
The initial group of students was known as the “First Platoon” who were sons and wards of serving military personnel. However its military history can be traced to 1951 when the idea of establishing “Boys Company” along the same pattern of the Boys Wing of British Army was conceived for each of the West African Colonies Namely: the Gambia, Gold Cost (Ghana), Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
In 1960, the name “Boys Company” was changed to “Nigerian Military School” with four houses namely; Enugu, Ibadan, Kaduna, and Lagos House. To boost academic Excellency, Major Wakeman, a graduate, was appointed from the British Army Education Corps as Commanding Officer in 1962. The School therefore commenced five set years training programmed as a secondary school. In 1965 the first set of boys wrote the WAEC Examination in which they performed creditably well. Since then, the school’s performance in such examination has been good.
With the introduction of the New National policy on education, the school now runs a six-year training programme broken into Junior and Senior Secondary school of three years duration each. All the subjects required by this policy are being taught in the school by able and qualified Officers, Soldiers, Civilian Staff and Youth Corp members. To enhance its status, the Board of Governors was established to oversee the running of the school.
The school from its establishment to date has produced numerous Senior Military officers and Senior Staff in both Government and Private sectors. In contributions to economic and socio – political development in Nigeria can be seen by its products in all fields of our lives. Its alumni include Generals Tunde Idiagbon, Joseph Garba, John Shagaya, Jeremiah Useni, John Inienger, Salihu Ibrahim, Buba Marwa, Yakubu Mu'azu, Alexander Ogomudia, AK Adisa.Garba Ali Muhammed
Commandants.
Since the establishment of the Military Institution, it has at various times been commanded by
numerous Officers. They are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9797736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797736" title="Zhang Yang">
Zhang Yang

Zhang Yang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9797755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797755" title="Mannerim, Victoria">
Mannerim, Victoria

Mannerim is a semi-rural locality on the Bellarine Peninsula of Victoria, Australia.
Characterised by hobby farms and wineries, it is centred on the Grubb Road-Bellarine Highway intersection.
History.
The Post Office opened on 15 June 1893 and closed in 1975.
From 1914 to 1920, it was the location of a training camp for covert operations infantry for the war in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9797760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797760" title="Live at Lupo's 6/12/04">
Live at Lupo's 6/12/04

"Live at Lupo's 6/12/04" is a double-live album released January 4, 2005 by Boston trio The Slip on Kufala Recordings. It was recorded June 12, 2004 at Lupo's Heartbreak Hotel in Providence, Rhode Island. "The Air, the Body" features Peter Barr playing steelpan.

</doc>
<doc id="9797767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797767" title="Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Area">
Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Area

The Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Area is made up of ten counties in Upstate South Carolina, with Greenville being the principal city. The combined statistical area includes two metropolitan areas and three micropolitan areas. As of 2013, the CSA had a population of 1,438,550, a 5.61% increase from 2010, making it the 11th fastest growing CSA in the country.
Components.
By Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA).
There are two MSAs in the Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson CSA.
By Micropolitan Statistical Area (μSA).
There are three μSAs in the Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson CSA. The μSA is named after the city in the county that the μSA covers.
By County.
There are ten counties in the Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson CSA.

</doc>
<doc id="9797779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9797779" title="Chinese stock bubble of 2007">
Chinese stock bubble of 2007

The Chinese Correction () was the global stock market plunge of February 27, 2007 which wiped out hundreds of billions of market value. After rumors that governmental Chinese economic authorities were going to raise interest rates in an attempt to curb inflation and that they planned to clamp down on speculative trading with borrowed money, the SSE Composite Index of the Shanghai Stock Exchange tumbled 9%, the largest drop in 10 years.
The plunge in Asian markets sent ripples through the global market as the world reacted to the 9% meltdown in the Chinese stock market. The Chinese Correction triggered drops and major unease in nearly all financial markets around the world.
After the Chinese market drop, the Dow Jones Industrial Average in the United States dropped a staggering 416 points, or 3.29% from 12,632 to 12,216 amid fears for growth prospects, then the biggest one-day slide since the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. The S&P 500 saw an even more catastrophic 3.45% slide. Sell orders were made so fast that an additional analysis computer had to be used, causing an instantaneous 200 point drop at one point in the Dow Industrials.
Rumors circulated around the world that the drop may have been due to an erroneous trade, but this was never confirmed.

</doc>
