<doc id="9854134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854134" title="Canyon West Shopping Center">
Canyon West Shopping Center

Canyon West is a master-planned development in Lubbock, Texas currently being developed by Hub West Development LLC, made up of co-developers Hodges Development and De La Vega Development of Dallas. Site preparation began in 2005 and development continues today. The $150 million project will be constructed in three large phases, including: a "power shopping district," a fashion district and an entertainment district.
Anchors.
Canyon West has several planned anchors. The Target Corporation opened a Target store in October 2006 at the site. Anchors Burlington Coat Factory (80,000 sq ft.), Main Event Entertainment (65,000 sq ft.) opened in 2007.Sportsman's Warehouse has been announced. DSW Shoes and Ross Dress for Less will be opening in early 2008. Lifeway Christian Store opened in early 2008.
Other development.
DSW Shoe Warehouse (15,000 sq ft.), Lifeway Christian Stores (6,000 sq ft.; relocating from 50th Street location), Kirkland's (10,000 sq ft.; relocating from South Plains Mall), Ross Dress for Less (30,000 sq ft.), Ulta Salon & Cosmetics (10,800 sq ft.) and World Market (18,000 sq ft.) have been announced as of February 2007.
Several restaurant and small retail pad sites are included on the site plan. The first of these pads, Cracker Barrel and Starbucks, opened in late 2007.
External links.
www.delavegagroup.com

</doc>
<doc id="9854144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854144" title="Elisabeth Waldheim">
Elisabeth Waldheim

Elisabeth Waldheim (née Ritschel) (born 13 April 1922) is the widow of Kurt Waldheim, the former UN Secretary-General and President of Austria. She was the First Lady of Austria from 1986 to 1992.
She was born in Vienna as the eldest of three sisters to Wilhelm Ritschel and his wife Hildegard. His father was a military official in the imperial army. After the fall of the Habsburg empire, he became an entrepreneur. His daughter Elisabeth was named after the former Austrian empress Elisabeth and she even got her nickname "Sissy".
Elisabeth decided to study law at University of Vienna, where she first met Kurt Waldheim. On 19 August 1944, in the middle of the Second World War, they got married in Vienna. Their first daughter Lieselotte was born in 1945. According to her husband's New York Times obituary, "he was an ardent Nazi who before the war had renounced her Roman Catholic faith and joined the League of German Maidens, the young women’s equivalent of the Hitler Youth. She applied for Nazi Party membership as soon as she was old enough, and was accepted in 1941."
Elisabeth gave up her own job in order to support her husband's diplomatic and political career. He became Austrian minister of foreign affairs and UN Secretary General. In 1986 he was elected President of Austria and she became Austria's First Lady.
The couple had three children: daughter Lieselotte Waldheim-Natural is working at the United Nations, daughter Christa Waldheim-Karas became an artist (she is married to Othmar Karas, Austrian Member of the European Parliament), and son Gerhard Waldheim is an investment banker.
Elisabeth speaks German, English and French.

</doc>
<doc id="9854154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854154" title="List of diplomatic missions of Mongolia">
List of diplomatic missions of Mongolia

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Mongolia. Mongolia's foreign policy was traditionally aligned with the Soviet bloc, giving due deference to its other significant neighbour, the People's Republic of China. It now has warmer ties with the West (it opened its Washington, DC mission in 1989), but Mongolia's comparatively small stature and isolation means it still has a modest network of diplomatic missions.

</doc>
<doc id="9854157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854157" title="Eduardo Masso">
Eduardo Masso

Eduardo Masso (born 11 January 1964 in Bell Ville, Córdoba) is a former tennis professional from Belgium.
Born in Argentina, the left-hander Masso reached his highest ATP ranking on 22 July 1991, when he became the number 56 of the world.
Masso became a naturalised citizen of Belgium after marrying a Belgian wife and taking up residence in Brussels

</doc>
<doc id="9854174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854174" title="Jack Sheedy (Australian rules footballer)">
Jack Sheedy (Australian rules footballer)

John Cameron "Jack" Sheedy (born 28 September 1926) is a former Australian rules footballer and coach. He played for and in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) and in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Sheedy is considered one of the greatest ever footballers from Western Australia, and is a member of both the Australian and West Australian Football Halls of Fame. Overall, he played 360 senior football matches from 1946 to 1962, kicking 528 goals, and coached 272 games, with a winning percentage of 65%.
Playing career.
Early career and naval service.
The son of A. F. "Barney" Sheedy, a former East Fremantle player and WAFL interstate representative, Sheedy attended Richmond State School in East Fremantle and Fremantle Boys' School in Fremantle, captaining both schools' football teams. He also led the school's batting averages at cricket, and later played First Grade cricket for the Fremantle Cricket Club in the Western Australian Grade Cricket competition. After leaving school, he played for Fremantle in the Fremantle Ex-Scholars competition, before making his debut for East Fremantle in the age-restricted WANFL competition in 1942. He won the Lynn Medal as the club's best and fairest in 1943, and played in East Fremantle's premiership win over . He enlisted in the Royal Australian Navy in March 1944, at only 17 years of age, and was immediately posted to Melbourne, Victoria. He was signed by in the Victorian Football League (VFL), where he played six games, kicking seven goals. Sheedy's unit then went to Sydney in 1946, where he played with Sydney Naval, including in their 1944 premiership win in the New South Wales Australian National Football League (NSWANFL). He had kicked the winning goal in the preliminary final against Newtown the previous week with less than three minutes remaining in the match. He kicked 12 goals in three rounds before he returned to Western Australia.
Return to Western Australia.
Sheedy immediately began playing with East Fremantle.
Transfer to East Perth.
Sheedy transferred to for the 1956 season, where he was immediately appointed captain-coach of the club.
Post-playing life.
Coaching career.
Sheedy served as captain-coach of East Perth from 1956 to 1961, and as non-playing coach from 1962 to 1964, with one final season in 1969.
Honours.
In 2001 Sheedy was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame. In 2004 he was inducted to the West Australian Football Hall of Fame and in 2005 he was elevated to Legend Status.
Reputation.
Sheedy had a reputation as one of the toughest and most violent players in the WANFL, and was suspended numerous times. 
Personal life.
Sheedy worked as a clerk at the Fremantle Harbour Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9854187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854187" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Cadiz y Ceuta">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cadiz y Ceuta

The Roman Catholic diocese of Cádiz y Ceuta is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Spain. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Seville.
Its jurisdiction covers nearly all the civil province of Cádiz; only a few places, like Sanlucar, belong to the diocese of Seville, or, like Grazalema, to the diocese of Malaga. Cádiz (369,382) is the residence of the bishop.
Cádiz was raised by Urban IV to episcopal rank in 1263 at the request of king Alfonso X, a year after its Reconquista on the Moors. Its first bishop was Fray Juan Martinez. After the Christians had won from the Moors the Plaza (stronghold) de Algeciras, the ordinaries of Cádiz bore the title of "Bishop of Cádiz and Algeciras", granted by Clement VI in 1352.
The see counted amongst its prelates in 1441 Cardinal Juan de Torquemada, an eminent Dominican theologian jurisconsult, who took a leading part in the Councils of Basle and Florence, and defended in his "Summe de Ecclesiâ" the direct power of the pope in temporal matters. By the Concordat of 1851 the diocese of Ceuta, also suffragan of Seville, was suppressed and incorporated with that of Cádiz, whose bishop was regularly Apostolic Administrator of Ceuta.

</doc>
<doc id="9854196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854196" title="Night Stalker (video game)">
Night Stalker (video game)

Night Stalker is an action shooting video game for the Intellivision console.
Gameplay.
The player controls a man trapped in a hedgerow maze with no exits and many threats, some natural such as bats and spiders, others artificial in nature and much more deadly. The player starts out in a bunker in the middle of the map equipped with a handgun loaded with six bullets. When the character needs to reload, a gun icon flashes at 1 of 5 random locations and he will be forced to traverse the maze defenseless until a fresh weapon can be obtained.
There are five different robots that you go through in accordance with your point total. The terrain is filled with corners and ambush points that players must use to full effect. There is also a spider web in the northwest corner where the Spider enemy spawns. Player movement is severely hindered here, and all firepower is heavily suppressed within, making it a strategic location. Also of importance is the player's bunker, in which the player begins each life. The bunker is a safe zone and the player is impervious to damage while inside, though the more advanced robot adversaries have the firepower to destroy your safe haven. 
The game features only one unchanging level and no music, instead having a pulsing background beat playing back at a set interval that signals the speed chosen by the player.
The Robots.
The Robots are the main antagonists of the game. There are five different robots, each one increasingly more difficult to destroy and avoid. 
Grey Robot
The first robot enemy you face, the Grey Robot lacks in intelligence and durability, requiring only one shot to destroy. It makes very little effort to track the player. It will fire at the player if it sees him in plain sight, but spends most of its time wandering the maze and firing randomly. Destroying a Grey Robot is worth 300 points. After the player reaches 5,000 points and either of the two Bats are destroyed, they will be replaced by Grey Robots for the remainder of the game.
Blue Robot
Appears after the player reaches 5,000 points. The Blue Robot is smarter than the Grey Robot, and makes a determined effort to track the player through the maze, though this behavior makes it vulnerable to ambush as it is no more durable than the Grey Robot. Blue Robots are worth 500 points per kill, and will be supplemented by Grey Robots as the Bats fall. 
White Robot
Appears after the player reaches 15,000 points. The White Robot behaves almost identically to the Blue Robot, but is considerably more threatening due to its shield. The player must score three hits on the White Robot in order to destroy it, forcing the player to quickly adopt new strategies and secure replacement ammunition. The player receives 1,000 points for felling a White Robot.
Black Robot
There are actually two versions of the Black Robot. The first appears when the player reaches 30,000 points. It has all of the behavior characteristics and shielding of the White Robot, with the added advantage of firing a new type of bullet. This bullet is larger than the standard, and has the ability to absorb player fire, making direct assaults all but useless. Upon reaching 50,000 points, the Black Robot's firepower becomes even stronger, and it can destroy the player's bunker. Both versions of the Black Robot are worth 2,000 points per kill.
Invisible Robot
The last and most difficult adversary, the Invisible Robot appears at 80,000 points. In addition to having all of the Black Robot's powers and advanced weaponry, the Invisible Robot sports a cloaking device that renders it completely impossible to see. The only methods of pinning the robot's location are drawing its fire and noting the point of origin, noticing the shadow of other adversaries that pass through it, and by the brief periods of time that it glows after being struck by the player's shot. Destroying an Invisible Robot nets the player 4,000 points. They will continue to appear for the remainder of the game.
Other enemies.
Bat
The game begins with a pair of Bats lurking the maze, both roosting at various points. They fly around the maze in a random pattern. They will temporarily paralyze the player upon contact, and have a tendency to make several attacks at once to keep the player stuck in place long enough for a robot to have an easy shot. Once the Blue Robot appears and a Bat is destroyed either by player or robot fire, the bat is replaced by a Grey Robot drone and does not appear again in the game. Bats are worth 300 points if killed by the player. No points are awarded if a bat is killed by a robot. 
Spider
The Spider spawns in the spider web in the northwest corner of the maze. Its behavior is identical to that of the Bat in that it moves at random and causes paralysis to the player. The Spider, however, will appear throughout the entire game, and is worth only 100 points per kill. It tends to favor the spider web as a haunt, as its movement is unhindered here and therefore poses a greater threat to the player in this area.
Ports.
"Night Stalker" was also released on the Atari 2600 under the name Dark Cavern. In order to compensate for lower-resolution graphics, "Dark Cavern" featured faster game play and the ability to carry more bullets. While it still had robots and spiders, the bats were replaced with blobs, which would take away your bullets if it attacked. The game was later ported to the Apple II in 1983.
The Intellivision version of "Night Stalker" was made available on Microsoft's "Game Room" service for its Xbox 360 console and for Windows-based PCs in May 2010.
The Intellivision version will be made available for the PlayStation 3 through PlayStation Home in fall 2012 in a collection titled "Intellivision Gen2". In addition to still being filled with bats and spiders, it now has a greater variety of killer robots, each more challenging to confront, along with a variety of maze structures.

</doc>
<doc id="9854202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854202" title="Jean-François Gautier">
Jean-François Gautier

Jean-François Gautier (Paris 1950) is a French writer.
His book "L'Univers existe-t-il?" ("Does the Universe exist?") points out the impossibility of creating a descriptive geometry of The Universe when there is no other frame (i.e., a frame or tableau beyond, or outside of, The Universe as so-posited), within which to describe it. How can the description of The Universe begin when one cannot get 'outside' The Universe as posited? If we posit The Universe, we presume ourselves within it. Problems occur here: with the idea that the descriptor of The Universe can in some way "step beyond" the model he/she has projected.

</doc>
<doc id="9854211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854211" title="Golu Devata">
Golu Devata

Golu Devata or Lord Golu () is the legendary mythological and historical God of the Kumaun region of Uttarakhand state of India and is their deity.
The Golu Devta Chitai, temple is about 4 km from the main gate of Binsar wildlife sanctuary & about 10 km. from Almora.
Origin.
Golu Devata is thought to be as an incarnation of "Gaur Bhairav" (Shiva), and is worshipped all over the region and regarded as the dispenser of justice by the devotees with extreme faith. 
Historically, he is considered as the brave son and General of Katyuri king, Jhal Rai and his mother was Kalindra, and his grandfather was Hal Rai and great-grandfather was Hal Rai. Historically the origin of Golu Devata is accepted at Champawat. His mother Kalindra is believed to be the sister of two other local deities Harishchand Devjyun (the divine spirit of Raja Harish of the Chands) and Sem Devjyun and both these deities are regarded as uncles of Lord Golu. 
Another legend suggests that he was a General in the army of Chand king, "Baz Bahadur" (1638–78), and died displaying exemplary valour at war, the temple at Chitai was erected in his honour, 8 km from Almora city.
Another legend says that Golu Devta was killed by the king of Binsar due to some false doubt, and he was beheaded by the king and his body fell at Gairad at Dana Golu and his head fell at Kaparkhan, near modern day Binsar, a few km from Almora. At Dana Golu, there is the original and most ancient temple of Golu Devta.
The most popular story about Gwalla talks of a local king who, while hunting, sent his servants to look for water. The servants disturbed a woman who was praying. The woman, in a fit of anger, taunted the king that he could not separate two fighting bulls and proceeded to do so herself. The king was very impressed by this deed and he married the lady. When this queen got a son, the other queens, who were jealous of her, placed a stone in its place and the child in a cage and put the cage into the river. The child was brought up by a fisherman. When the boy grew up he took a wooden horse to the river and on being questioned by the queens he replied that if women can give birth to stone then wooden horses can drink water. When the king heard about this, he punished the guilty queens and crowned the boy, who went on to be known as Gwalla devata.
Golu Devta is seen in form of Lord Shiva, his brother Kalva Devta is in form on Bhairava and Garh Devi is form of Shakti. Golu Devta is also prayed as key deity(Ista/ Kula Devta) in many villages of Chamoli. Normally three days pooja or 9 days pooja is performed to worship Lord Golu Devta also known as Goreel Devta in Chamoli District. Golu Devta is offered Ghee, Milk, Curd, Halwa, Poori, Pakauri and head of Goat sacrificed. Two Male Goat scarifice ( Bali) is performed. Preferred black in colour. One in the temple of Golu devta and the other outside temple in remote location. The sacrificed goat is received as Prasada of pooja. Golu devta is known as God of justice and prayed with great pride and enthusiasm. Golu Devta is offered with White Cloths, white "pagari" and white "shaal". 
There are many temples of Golu Devata in Kumaun, and the most popular are at Chitai, Champawat, Ghorakhal. It is popular belief that Golu Devata dispenses quick justice to the devotee. 
Devotees in turn offer bells and sacrifice animals after the fulfillment of their wishes. Thousands of bells of every size can be seen hanging over the temple premises. Many devotees file a lot of written petitions daily, which are received by the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="9854221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854221" title="DSV (company)">
DSV (company)

DSV A/S, simply known as DSV, is a Danish transport company offering road, air, sea and logistical transport services throughout the world. Since its foundation in 1976 by 10 independent Danish haulers, the company has achieved rapid expansion and international presence, predominantly through a series of strategic competitor acquisitions, the most important being Samson Transport (1997), DFDS Dan Transport (2000), Bachmann (2004), Frans Maas (2006) and ABX Logistics (2008).
With headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark, and offices in more than 60 countries, DSV employs approximately 21,000 people and collaborating with partners and agents worldwide. DSV is listed on NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen (Copenhagen Stock Exchange) and included in the OMXC20 index as one of the 20 most traded stocks.
The company is structured in three divisions, DSV Road, DSV Air & Sea and DSV Solutions. Its biggest activity lies within the European road transport (trucking) network, followed by its air and sea freight forwarding business. The group also has a growing pan-European contract logistics business. As part of an asset-light financial strategy to maintain fixed costs at a minimum and be able to quickly respond to market fluctuations, DSV does not own any ships or aeroplanes and only a small number of trucks and trailers.
Jens Bjørn Andersen became CEO in August 2008. In 2009 DSV turned over Euro 4,844 million and realised pre-tax profits of Euro 61.8 million.
History.
In 1976 Leif Tullberg and 10 independent haulers established DSV, an acronym for “De Sammensluttede Vognmænd af 13-7 1976 A/S” (The Joint Haulers of 13-7 1976). Leif Tullberg remained CEO until his retirement in 2005. During the first decade the company mainly functioned as a cartage department for the owners, handling contracting haulage and deliveries.
Wishing a foothold on the international market, DSV bought two competing export companies in 1986, Borup Autotransport A/S and Hammerbro A/S-Bech Trans. Next acquisitions on the road to European operations were Samson Transport Co. A/S in 1997 and Svex Group A/S in 1999.
The purchase of the DFDS Dan Transport Group in 2000 provided DSV with important road transport services in Scandinavia, the UK, the Baltics and Europe and also a global network and logistics set-up with a key position within airfreight and overseas transport to the US and Asia Pacific markets. The purchase of J.H. Bachmann in 2005 reinforced the position within international air and sea transport.
The acquisition of the Dutch Frans Maas Group in 2006 placed DSV as a Pan-European road transport and logistics supplier – and one of the three largest in Europe. With the recent acquisition of ABX Logistics in 2008, DSV has also gained presence in South America and is now represented on all continents.
Acquisitions.
Over time DSV A/S has realised 38 acquisitions, taken stake in one company and made 12 divestments. dsv
Company name.
When in 2000 DSV A/S acquired DFDS Dan Transport Group A/S, the new joint company’s activities continued under the name DFDS Transport, while the parent company remained De Sammensluttede Vognmænd af 13-7 1976 A/S, in 2003 formally shortened to DSV A/S.
Following the purchase of Frans Maas in 2006, the transport activities changed name from DFDS Transport to DSV, in order to create a unified global brand as well as to minimize confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="9854249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854249" title="Western Australian state election, 1993">
Western Australian state election, 1993

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 6 February 1993 to elect all 57 members to the Legislative Assembly and all 34 members to the Legislative Council. The three-term Labor government, led by Premier Dr Carmen Lawrence since 12 February 1990, was defeated by the Liberal-National coalition, led by Opposition Leader Richard Court since 12 May 1992.
Results.
Legislative Assembly.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="9854251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854251" title="Allegheny County Police Department">
Allegheny County Police Department

The Allegheny County Police Department is a Police Department with county-wide authority, provides law enforcement on County property. The ACPD patrols the Pittsburgh International Airport, the Allegheny County Airport, and county-owned properties and parks, including North Park and South Park. The County Police provides assistance to local police from the 130 municipalities and other law enforcement in Allegheny County, with a Detective Division including General Investigations, Homicide and Narcotics units. The Allegheny County Police Department was established in 1932 by an act of the Allegheny County Board of Commissioners and the Pennsylvania Legislature. It investigates all criminal activity which occurs on county-owned property, and provides assistance to local police departments and criminal justice agencies, usually in the form of manpower or specialized services. It is staffed by more than 239 sworn officers and 50 civilians.
Legal authority.
Pennsylvania law;

</doc>
<doc id="9854267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854267" title="Fiji Association of Sports and National Olympic Committee">
Fiji Association of Sports and National Olympic Committee

The Fiji Association of Sports and National Olympic Committee (FASANOC) was founded on 25 March 1949 and achieved International Olympic Committee (IOC) recognition on 20 September 1955. It is responsible for entering Fiji representatives in the Olympic Games and the coordination and management of Fiji Teams to the South Pacific Mini Games, South Pacific Games and the Commonwealth Games. It also provides technical assistance and funding to its affiliates in the areas of coaching, athlete development, sports medicine and sports administration.
Membership.
Its affiliation to sports on the Olympic programme (Re IOC 2013 Directory) are:
Its affiliation to International Federations recognised by the IOC but whose sport is not on the Games programme or whose sport is governed by an organization recognized by the IOC (Re IOC 2013 Directory):
Other affiliates: Bodybuilding, Bowls (Lawn), Darts, Gamefishing, Outrigger Canoe Racing (Va'a), Powerlifting, Rugby League, Touch Rugby
FASANOC itself is affiliated to the International Olympic Committee, is a member of the Oceania National Olympic Committees (ONOC) the Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC), the Commonwealth Games Federation (suspended since 2006) and the Pacific Games Council.]]
Finance.
It finances its activities through a number of sources. The Fiji Government does not assist FASANOC financially towards its administrative expenses. It does assist towards Team Fiji's preparation and participation costs. It also provides financial assistance to its affiliates for:
Participation in Regional Games.
FASANOC has coordinated the participation of Fiji athletes in:
Empire / Commonwealth Games (since 1950)
Olympic Games (since 1956)
South Pacific Games (since 1963)
South Pacific Mini Games (since 1981)
Fiji again participated in the Commonwealth Games in Malaysia in
September 1998 & 2002 Commonwealth Games after it was readmitted to the Commonwealth in 1997. Fiji was suspended from the Commonwealth a second time in 2006 which also saw a suspension from the Commonwealth Games Federation resulting in a ban from the Games after 2006. 
Participation in the Commonwealth Games.
Fiji participated in the Empire / Commonwealth Games in: 1950, 1954, 1958, 1962, 1966, 1970, 1974, 1978, 1982, 1986, 1998, 2002, 2006.
Participation in the South Pacific Games.
FASANOC has coordinated the participation of Fiji's athletes since the inaugural South Pacific Games which was held in Suva in 1963 and the Mini South Pacific Games first held in Honiara, Solomon Islands in 1981. This has been the major activity of FASANOC coordinating team sizes of 400+ athletes competing in up to 30 different sports in the major games and about 150 athletes competing in 9 sports in the South Pacific Mini Games.
Fiji hosted the 12th South Pacific Games in Suva from 28 June - 12 July 2003.
Fiji Sports Hall of Fame.
A source of pride for FASANOC is the recognition of men and women into the Fiji Sports Hall of Fame. Since 1990, the Hall of Fame has honoured great Fiji athletes of the past who have excelled in their respective sports at international level, and every year two more are inducted. The Fiji Sports Hall of Fame was inaugurated by FASANOC and the Central Manufacturing Company Ltd.
Hall of Fame Inductees:
Since 1998 ther the rules changed to allow only indefinite number of people to be part of the Hall of Fame

</doc>
<doc id="9854269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854269" title="2007 Superbike World Championship season">
2007 Superbike World Championship season

The 2007 World Superbike racing season was the 20th F.I.M. Superbike World Championship season. The season started on 24 February at Losail, and finished on 7 October at Magny-Cours after 13 rounds.
The main title contenders were 2004 champion James Toseland on a Honda, 2006 champion Troy Bayliss on a Ducati, former MotoGP rider Max Biaggi on a Suzuki, and Noriyuki Haga on a Yamaha. Bayliss spent the season riding a Ducati 999, even though production of the 999 had ended in 2006 and the bike had been replaced by the Ducati 1098. To satisfy homologation requirements, Ducati produced 150 limited edition 999 models.
The championship was won by James Toseland in the final race of the season. Toseland's 415 points gave him a 2 point margin over Haga, with Biaggi in third position with 397 points. The manufacturer's championship was won by Yamaha.
This was also the final season Corona Extra provided title sponsorship, having done so since 1998. From 2008 HANNspree took on this role in a deal up to and including the 2010 season.
Entry list.
On 20 March DFX Honda dropped Steve Martin from their rider lineup due to a lack of funds. On 27 March DFX Honda and Steve Martin reached an agreement which saw the rider on track at Donington and from there, on a race by race basis for the next three races.

</doc>
<doc id="9854283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854283" title="Sophia of Lithuania">
Sophia of Lithuania

Sophia (1371–1453) was the only daughter of Vytautas the Great of Lithuania and his first wife Anna. On January 21, 1391, while her father was engaged in the Lithuanian Civil War, she married Vasili I of Russia. She was the longest serving consort of Russia. After Vasili's death in 1425 she became regent for their ten-year old son Vasili II. Her father supported Vasili's claim to the throne, which was disputed by his uncle, Yuri of Zvenigorod. Sophia was buried in the Ascension Convent; the sarcophagus was moved in 1929 to the Cathedral of the Archangel by Soviet authorities.
Children.
She and Vasili I of Russia had at least nine children:

</doc>
<doc id="9854286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854286" title="Chitai">
Chitai

Chitai is a village on the Almora-Pithoragarh highway, from Almora in Uttarakhand state, India. It is known for the temple of Golu Devata. 

</doc>
<doc id="9854301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854301" title="LBOZ">
LBOZ

LBOZ is a coefficient used in spectrophotometry to estimate selectivity (amount of overlapping of spectra) in quantitative manner. It is named after its creators: Lorber, Bergmann, von Oepen, and Zinn.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be a matrix of the spectra (absorbances), where the "k" rows correspond to the components in mixture and "n" columns correspond to the sequence of wavelengths. The LBOZ criterion for "k"th component is calculated from the following formula:
where formula_3 means a pseudoinverse of the matrix and formula_4 means an euclidean length of a vector.
Properties.
The image above show synthetic gaussian spectra. The LBOZ criteria are: 0.561 for black compound, 0.402 for red compound, 0.899 for green and 0.549 for blue. LBOZ always lie in range <0,1> and has strong mathematical sense - it presents the amount of spectral signal which is not overlapped by the others. Hence, the uncertainty of a compound quantity increases by formula_5 in presence of the other compounds. In this case, the highest uncertainty is expected during determination of red compound - theoretically 2.38 times greater than during determination of its compound alone.

</doc>
<doc id="9854304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854304" title="Mary Richardson">
Mary Richardson

Mary Raleigh Richardson (1882/3 – 7 November 1961) was a Canadian suffragette active in the women's suffrage movement in the United Kingdom, an arsonist and later the head of the women's section of the British Union of Fascists (BUF) led by Sir Oswald Mosley.
Life.
She grew up in Belleville, Ontario, Canada.
In 1898, she traveled to Paris and Italy. 
She lived in Bloomsbury, and witnessed Black Friday (1910).
Militant actions.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the suffragette movement, frustrated by a failure to achieve equal voting rights for women, began adopting increasingly militant tactics. In particular, the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU), led by the charismatic Emmeline Pankhurst, frequently endorsed the use of property destruction to bring attention to the issue of women's suffrage. Richardson was a devoted supporter of Pankhurst and a member of the WSPU.
Richardson claimed to be at the Epsom races on Derby Day, 4 June 1913, when Emily Davison jumped in front of the King's horse. Emily Davison died in Epsom Cottage Hospital; Mary Richardson was reportedly chased and beaten by an angry mob but was given refuge in Epsom Downs station by a railway porter.
She committed a number of acts of arson, smashed windows at the Home Office and bombed a railway station. She was arrested nine times, receiving prison terms totalling more than three years.
Slashing the "Rokeby Venus".
Richardson's most famous act of defiance occurred on 10 March 1914 when she entered the National Gallery in London and slashed the "Rokeby Venus" with a chopper she smuggled into the gallery.
She wrote a brief statement explaining her actions to the WSPU which was immediately printed by the press:
"I have tried to destroy the picture of the most beautiful woman in mythological history as a protest against the Government for destroying Mrs Pankhurst, who is the most beautiful character in modern history. Justice is an element of beauty as much as colour and outline on canvas. Mrs Pankhurst seeks to procure justice for womanhood, and for this she is being slowly murdered by a Government of Iscariot politicians. If there is an outcry against my deed, let every one remember that such an outcry is an hypocrisy so long as they allow the destruction of Mrs Pankhurst and other beautiful living women, and that until the public cease to countenance human destruction the stones cast against me for the destruction of this picture are each an evidence against them of artistic as well as moral and political humbug and hypocrisy."
As a Fascist.
In 1932, after forming the belief that fascism was the “only path to a 'Greater Britain'”, Richardson joined the British Union Of Fascists (BUF), led by Oswald Mosley. Despite the apparent contradiction inherent in a suffragette supporting a totalitarian form of government, she claimed that, “I was first attracted to the Blackshirts because I saw in them the courage, the action, the loyalty, the gift of service and the ability to serve which I had known in the suffragette movement”. Richardson rose quickly through the BUF ranks and by 1934 was Chief Organiser for the Womens Section of the party. She left within two years after becoming disillusioned with the sincerity of its policy on women.
Two other prominent suffragette leaders to gain high office in the BUF were Norah Elam and Commandant Mary Sophia Allen.
Later life.
Richardson published her autobiography, "Laugh a Defiance", in 1953. 
She died at her flat in Hastings on 7 November 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="9854307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854307" title="Song of the Flame">
Song of the Flame

Song of the Flame (1930) is an all-talking pre-code musical operetta film photographed entirely in Technicolor. It was produced and distributed by First National Pictures, a subsidiary of Warner Brothers. It was the first color film to feature a widescreen sequence, using a process called Vitascope, the trademark name for Warner Bros.' widescreen process. The film, based on the 1925 Broadway musical of the same name, was nominated for an Academy Award for Sound Recording (George Groves).
Film.
Bernice Claire, known in the film as "The Flame", is a young peasant girl who incites the people against the Czarist regime and the aristocracy through singing. Alexander Gray, who plays as a prince who is the leader of a group of Cossack troops, falls in love with Claire, even though she is part of a revolution that is dead set against his social class. Noah Beery is also part of the revolutionaries who are attempting to overthrow the Czarist regime. After meeting Claire, he also falls in love with her, much to the anger of his lover, who is played by Alice Gentle. The revolutionaries success in overthrowing the czarist regime leaving Gray and his aristocratic class in peril for their lives and fortunes. Beery becomes the new leader and his brutal treatment of the people make many regret having supported the revolution in the first place. After Beery attempts to seduce her, Claire flees to a village in her native Poland. Gray, fleeing from the new regime, happens to arrive at the village. When he meets Claire again he decides to stay. They put their political differences aside and become romantically involved. Hearing from his spies that the Prince is at a Polish village, Beery quickly goes there and arrests Gray and announces that he attends to execute him. Claire desperately attempts to free Gray by agreeing to have sex with Beery. Gray is released from prison through this ruse and when is it discovered that she had no intention of keeping her side of the bargain she is thrown into jail. Gray disguises himself and attempts to free Claire but he is discovered and imprisoned again. Before they can be executed, Alice Gentle, revealing the real reason behind Beery's execution order, tells the troops to release both Gray and Claire. Beery is arrested soon after as a traitor to the revolution by the troops and executed. Claire and Gray are left free to pursue their romance.
Music.
Noah Beery was widely praised for his deep bass voice, which he first exhibited in this film in the song "One Little Drink." This song was satirized in the Bosko cartoon entitled: "The Booze Hangs High" (1930). Based on the success of this song, Warner Bros. subsequently cast Beery in a number of musical films, most notably in "Golden Dawn" (1930). The public was so enthralled by his singing abilities that Brunswick Records hired Beery to record songs from both of these films which were issued in their popular series.
Preservation.
The film is believed to be lost. Only the soundtrack, which was recorded separately on Vitaphone disks, survives. The extant sound discs from this film reveal a very high quality Vitaphone sound - round, warm, and clear with good sound effects and a quality reproduction of speaking and singing voices as well as orchestrations. It would seem it fully deserved its Academy Award nomination for Best Sound. The score is a marvelously operatic one. All nine songs are preserved in the sound disc performances. There were four choruses as well, three of traditional Russian folk tunes and one drawn from Tchaikovsky's "The Nutcracker."
Stage musical.
The stage musical opened on Broadway at the 44th Street Theatre on December 30, 1925 and closed on July 10, 1926 after 219 performances. the music was by Herbert P. Stothart and George Gershwin, book by Otto Harbach and Oscar Hammerstein II, and lyrics by Otto Harbach and Oscar Hammerstein II. The musical was directed by Frank Reicher, dances and Ensemble pictures were arranged by Jack Haskell, and scenic design was by Joseph Urban. The cast included Phoebe Brune as Natasha, Greek Evans as Konstantin, Tessa Kosta as Aniuta ("The Flame"), and the 52-member Russian Art Choir. The musical takes place during the time of the Russian Revolution in 1917 and for several years thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="9854328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854328" title="Kinrara Academy Oval">
Kinrara Academy Oval

Kinrara Academy Oval is a cricket stadium located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in the suburbs of Puchong. Constructed in 2003, the first recorded match on the ground came in 2005 when Bhutan Under-17s played Kuwait Under-17s in the Asian Cricket Council Under-17 Cup. 
The ground held all the matches seven matches in the 2006-07 DLF Cup played between Australia, India and the West Indies. All of the matches played had One Day International status. Despite having a capacity of 4,000 during these matches, only a few hundred spectators turned up to watch. Major international cricket hasn't returned since. In 2007, the ground hosted a Youth One Day International series between England Under-19s and Sri Lanka Under-19s, immediately following this series Sri Lanka Under-19s played India Under-19s there. The following year, Malaysia hosted the 2008 Under-19 World Cup and the Kinrara Oval hosted ten Youth One Day International matches during it, including the final between India and South Africa Under-19s, which India won.
In September 2011, the ground held seven matches in the World Cricket League Division Seven.

</doc>
<doc id="9854334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854334" title="RTV Slovenia Symphony Orchestra">
RTV Slovenia Symphony Orchestra

The RTV Slovenia Symphony Orchestra () was established in 1956 within Radiotelevizija Slovenija. In the 50-year period of its work, it contributed a major part of archive recordings, composed by Slovenian composers, as well as contemporary and classical music from all over the world. Current chief-conductor of the orchestra is En Shao.
The beginnings of The Symphony Orchestra RTV Slovenia reach as far back as 1955 when it was conducted by the professor from the academy of music, the violin virtuoso and composer Uroš Prevoršek. The Orchestra was later conducted by Samo Hubad, Stanislav Macura, Anton Nanut and Lior Shambadal. 
In September 2003 the chief conductor of the orchestra became David de Villiers; in Autumn 2006 the baton was taken over by the English conductor of the Chinese origin En Shao. All of them have taken the orchestra to an envying level of quality and creativity. The main activity of the Symphony Orchestra RTV Slovenia is concert recordings where top professional quality is shown. The orchestra performs an extensive and rich repertoire from baroque to modern symphony music, opera, oratorio and cantata, stage and film music, mostly with a stress on 
the creativity of Slovene music.
In the past years the orchestra attracted most attention at the concerts with the bands Siddharta and Terrafolk, where it engaged in the so-called crossover projects. We should also mention several concert pearls of the past year - the concert of the Symphony Orchestra RTV Slovenia with the famous pianist Ivo Pogorelić and the extraordinary concert on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of Anton Nanut, the long-year artistic leader and chief conductor of the Symphony Orchestra RTV Slovenia, with the guest Irena Grafenauer, one of the most respectable flutists in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9854340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854340" title="Red Castle, Angus">
Red Castle, Angus

Red Castle of Lunan is a ruined fortified house on the coast of Angus, Scotland. It is about south-southwest of Montrose.
History.
The earliest structure on the site was built for King William the Lion in the late twelfth century to repel Viking invasions to Lunan Bay. Evidence shows, however, that William took up residence there on several occasions whilst on hunting expeditions. In 1194, William conferred the castle, and land surrounding the village of Inverkeilor, east of the castle, to Walter de Berkely, the Royal Chamberlain. On his death, his lands of Inverkeilor, with the castle, passed to Ingram de Balliol who had married the heiress of Walter. He rebuilt the castle and the property remained in that family for two generations. When his grandson, Ingram, who flourished between 1280-84, died childless about 1305 the property passed to the son of Constance de Baliol, Henry de Fishburn. 
The property was forfeit during the reallocation by Robert I and in 1328, Robert the Bruce gave the castle to the Earl of Ross. The castle is referred to as "rubeum castrum" (Latin for Red Castle) in deeds of 1286, referring to its burnished red sandstone, typical of this area.
In 1579, James, son of Lord Gray, married Lady Elizabeth Beaton, who owned the castle, and fell in love with her daughter. After Lady Beaton threw him out, Gray (with his brother Andrew of Dunninald) laid siege to the castle for two years, ultimately burning the inhabitants out. From then on the castle slipped into decline, and, although it remained partially roofed until 1770, it was never again a residence of nobility. Its last inhabitant was the minister of Inverkeilor, one James Rait.
Description.
Red Castle stands on high ground overlooking Lunan Bay, on the North Sea coast. Immediately to the north of Red Castle is the mouth of the Lunan Water, with the hamlet of Lunan beyond. Only a part of the fifteenth century rectangular tower, and the thick east curtain wall remain. The tower in particular is in precipitous condition, being perched on the edge of the hill above Lunan Bay, and was described as being "in imminent danger of collapse" in 1999. The castle is clearly visible from the A92 road. The remains are those of the 15th-century keep, and the surrounding wall, or enceinte, which may date from the 13th century. A midden below the castle is continually eroding, yielding a number of artefacts now in the Montrose Museum. The tower and enceinte are both protected as category A listed buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="9854342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854342" title="21 cm Mörser 16">
21 cm Mörser 16

The 21 cm Mörser 16 (21 cm Mrs 16), or langer 21 cm Mörser, was a heavy howitzer used by Germany in World War I and World War II.
History.
It was based on the earlier 21 cm Mörser 10, but had a longer barrel, a gun shield and other refinements. Originally, it broke down into two loads for transport, but the Germans rebuilt surviving guns during the 1930s with rubber-rimmed steel wheels to allow for motor traction in one piece with a limber under the trail and generally removed the gunshield.
Combat service.
In German service, it used two shells, the 21 cm Gr 18 (HE) that weighed and the 21 cm Gr 18 Be concrete-piercing shell of with a filler of of TNT.
They remained in first-line use with the Germans until replaced by the 21 cm Mörser 18 by about 1940. Afterwards, they were used for training, although some equipped units in secondary theaters.
The Swedes bought a dozen weapons in 1918 from the Germans and they remained in service until 1950. The Swedes had their own concrete-piercing shells, the 210 tkrv 51/65-ps R-/33 weighing , which had dispersion problems as the Finns found out.
The Finns bought four of these from the Swedes during the Winter War, although they did not participate in the war because the Finns lacked vehicles strong enough to tow their great weight to the front. This had been rectified before the Continuation War and the Finns equipped the 10th Separate Super-Heavy Artillery Battery with them for the duration of the war. They were put into reserve after the war and remained there until the late 1960s before being discarded.

</doc>
<doc id="9854349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854349" title="Kapow">
Kapow

Kapow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9854354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854354" title="Chateau Indage">
Chateau Indage

Cheateau Indage is an Indian winery located in Narayangaon, which is located close to Pune. Cheateau Indage was founded by Shyamrao Chowgule in 1982 after two years of research by Champagne Technologies of France. They have three facilities – one each in Narayangaon, Nashik and Himachal Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="9854374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854374" title="Sascha Altman DuBrul">
Sascha Altman DuBrul

Sascha Altman DuBrul, aka Sascha DuBrul or Sascha Scatter, (born 1974) is an American activist, writer, farmer and punk rock musician known as the bass player of the classic 90s ska-punk band Choking Victim. 
He is the co-founder of The Icarus Project, an international radical community support network and media project, which is actively redefining the language and culture of mental health and illness. He founded the Bay Area Seed Interchange Library (BASIL).
He divides his time between the Bay Area and New York City.
Early life.
DuBrul was raised on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, the son of Anita Altman, the founder and deputy director of the ReelAbilities: NY Disabilities Film Festival. His father, Paul DuBrul, was a journalist and speechwriter who died the night before DuBrul's Bar Mitzvah. In an interview with the Village Voice, DuBrul described his childhood: "I was raised by democratic socialists who believed in electoral politics…but my political education happened amidst the Tompkins Square riots of the late '80s.” In his teens, DuBrul found community among punks and anarchist squatters on the Lower East Side.
After graduating from Hunter College High School, he attended Reed College in Portland, Oregon for a year but dropped out after having a psychotic break. In a 2002 article for the San Francisco Bay Guardian, DuBrul wrote: "I was 18 years old the first time they locked me up in a psych ward. The police found me walking on the subway tracks in New York City, and I was convinced the world was about to end and I was being broadcast live on prime-time TV on all the channels.” He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Punk Days.
After dropping out of Reed, DuBrul played in the classic ska-punk band Choking Victim. In 1995, he co-organized a traveling punk circus, which he then wrote about in his first book Carnival of Chaos: On the Road With the Nomadic Festival, published by Autonomedia. For eight years, DuBrul wrote a quarterly column for the punk zine Slug and Lettuce. DuBrul has written and lectured about the relationships between punk, activist culture, racial identity, oppression, and privilege. In recent years, his writing has been drawing links between punk rock, Judaism, and the power and complexities of spiritual community.
Traveling Activism.
In his early twenties, DuBrul traveled to Mexico and Central America and worked with the Zapatista Uprising in Chiapas. Awakened by his experiences in Mexico, he went on to participate in a diverse number of activist projects: from the Earth First! road blockades of the Pacific Northwest, to the fight to save the community gardens in New York City, to the protests against the World Trade Organization in Seattle in November 1999. Often DuBrul would travel between activist projects on freight trains. The details of his wanderings across the country and through Mexico often ended up in zines which, according to the Village Voice, "combineadventure-travel tales with thoughtful observations about the global economy.” DuBrul was the inspiration for singer Jolie Holland's song "Sascha".
Seed Libraries.
While interning at a CSA farm in British Columbia, DuBrul became fascinated by permaculture and the genetic relationships that arose when domestic crops intermingled with their wild relatives. Having been raised in Manhattan, his urban sensibilities gave him a unique way of thinking about agriculture and the need to revitalize older methods of community seed production. In 2000, he founded the first urban seed lending library: the Bay Area Seed Interchange Library, or BASIL. In an interview with the New York Times, DuBrul said: “An urban seed library is about the relationship between biological and cultural diversity, and people having a direct connection to the seeds that are growing their foods.” BASIL has become a model for other seed libraries across the country, including the Hudson Valley Seed Library. The author Ruth Ozeki drew from DuBrul’s vision of seed activism for her New York Times Notable Book All Over Creation.
The Icarus Project.
In 2002, DuBrul wrote "Bipolar World", an article published in the San Francisco Bay Guardian, relating to his personal experiences being diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Among the dozens of e-mails and other correspondence that he received after this publication was a letter from Jacks Ashley McNamara, an artist and writer who identified strongly with his experiences. DuBrul and McNamara corresponded for a few weeks before finally meeting in person and deciding start a website where people who identified with bipolar and other 'mental illness' could find real community and contribute to it. The Icarus Project was born. 
The Icarus Project is an online, international radical community support network and media project with over 14,000 participants. It has numerous local groups across North America and has released a number of publications. Navigating the Space Between Brilliance and Madness; A Reader and Roadmap of Bipolar Worlds was published by the Icarus Project in March 2004 and is currently in its 6th printing.
Tours and Teaching.
Shortly after the Icarus launched, DuBrul embarked on a tour of North America, facilitating workshops and leading discussions on alternative conceptions of mental illness and wellness. After the tour, Dubrul worked with McNamara and other Icarus members to create a guide for creating community support around madness and mental health. This was published under the title "Friends Make the Best Medicine."
In 2007, DuBrul and a group of fellow Icarus Project members organized the "Mad Gifts Tour." As part of this tour, the group visited Virginia Tech soon after the April 16th massacre of 32 students, which stirred controversy about mental health on college campuses. 
DuBrul toured Europe in 2011, facilitating workshops and giving talks about radical mental health support. During the summers of 2010 and 2012, he co-taught month long seminars at the Esalen Institute in Big Sur.
In the Spring of 2013, in conjunction with the release of his book, Maps to the Other Side, DuBrul, along with Icarus Project co-founder Ashley Jacks McNamara, toured the United States giving readings, and conducting workshops and discussions on mental health.

</doc>
<doc id="9854380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854380" title="St Giles, London">
St Giles, London

St Giles is a district of London, at the southern tip of the London Borough of Camden. It was formerly the parish of St Giles in the Fields and the combined parishes of St Giles in the Fields and St George Bloomsbury formed the St Giles District of the Metropolis from 1855 to 1900. It is the location of the church of St Giles in the Fields, the Phoenix Garden and St Giles Circus. With Bloomsbury and Holborn, it is part of the Midtown business improvement district.
History.
There has been a church at St Giles since Saxon times, located beside a major highway. The hospital of St Giles, recorded c. 1120 as "Hospitali Sancti Egidii extra Londonium" was founded, together with a monastery and a chapel, by Queen Matilda, wife of Henry I. St Giles (c. 650 – c. 710) was the patron saint of lepers and the hospital was home to a leper colony, the site chosen for its surrounding fields and marshes separating contagion from nearby London. Peter Ackroyd argues that the character of vagrancy has never left the area.A village accreted to cater to the brethren and patients. The crossroads which is now St. Giles Circus, where Oxford Street, Charing Cross Road, Tottenham Court Road and New Oxford St meet, was the site of a gallows until the fifteenth century. Grape Street, in the heart of the St Giles district, runs beside the site of the hospital's vineyard. 
The monastery was dissolved during the Reformation and a parish church created from the chapel. The hospital continued to care for lepers until the mid sixteenth century, when the disease abated and the hospital instead began to care for indigents. The parish was known as St Giles in the Fields and it is recorded in 1563 as "Seynt Gyles in the Field". The first post-Catholic parish church was built in 1631 and from the mid-seventeenth century church wardens note "a great influx of poor people into this parish". The cellars in particular are already recorded as horrific places that whole families reside, "damp and unwholesome" as the village was built on marshland. The Parliamentary Act of 1606 had condemned the area as "deepe foul and dangerous" . Vagrants expelled from the city settled in the St Giles district known for the generous charitable relief of the parish. Irish and French refugees were drawn to the area as well as "St Giles blackbirds", black servants reduced to begging. 
The 1665 Great Plague started in St Giles and the first victims were buried in the St. Giles churchyard. By September 1665, 8000 people were dying a week in London. By the end of the plague year there were 3,216 listed plague deaths in St Giles parish, which had fewer than 2,000 households. After the Restoration, the area was populated by Huguenot refugees who had fled persecution and established themselves as tradesmen and artisans, particularly in weaving and the silk trade.
The southern area of the parish, around present day Shaftesbury Avenue, was a wasteland named Cock and Pye Fields. Houses were not built there until 1666, after the Great Fire, and not fully developed until 1693, becoming known as Seven Dials. Thomas Neale built much of the area, giving his name to Neal Street and Neal's Yard. St Giles and Seven Dials became known for their astrologers and alchemists, an association which lasts to this day. The village of St Giles stood on the main road from Holborn to Tyburn, a place of local execution. Convicted criminals were often allowed, in tradition, to stop at St Giles en route to Tyburn for a final drink - a "St Giles Bowl" - before hanging.
The rookery.
As London grew in the 18th and 19th centuries, so did the parish's population, rising to 30,000 by 1831. The Rookery stood between the church and Great Russell Street, and Seven Dials near where Centre Point stands today, now home to the Centrepoint homeless charity. It was of one of the worst slums within Britain, a site of overcrowding and squalor, a semi-derelict warren. From Georgian affluence in the 18th century, the area declined rapidly, as houses were divided up, many families sharing a single room. Irish Catholic immigrants seeking to escape desperate poverty took up residence and the slum was nicknamed "Little Ireland" or "The Holy Land".The expression "a St Giles cellar" passed into common parlance, describing the worst conditions of poverty. Open sewers often ran through rooms and cesspits were left untended. Residents complained to the "Times" in 1849 : "We live in muck and filth. We aint got no priviz, no dust bins, no drains, no water-splies, and no drain or suer in the hole place." The rookery was a maze of gin shops, prostitutes' hovels and secret alleyways that police had little of hope navigating. William Hogarth, Thomas Rowlandson and Gustav Dore, among others, have drawn the area, novelists Henry Fielding and Charles Dickens have written about it extensively. Peter Ackroyd writes "The Rookeries embodied the worst living conditions in all of London's history; this was the lowest point which human beings could reach".
Reformer Henry Mayhew described the slum in 1860 in "A Visit to the Rookery of St Giles and its Neighbourhood": "The parish of St. Giles, with its nests of close and narrow alleys and courts inhabited by the lowest class of Irish costermongers, has passed into a byword as the synonym of filth and squalor. And although New Oxford Street has been carried straight through the middle of the worst part of its slums—"the Rookery"—yet, especially on the south side, there still are streets which demand to be swept away in the interest of health and cleanliness… They a noisy and riotous lot, fond of street brawls, equally "fat, ragged and saucy;" and the courts abound in pedlars, fish-women, newscriers, and corn-cutters." As the population grew, so did their dead, the area a home to cholera and consumption. Eventually there was no room in their grave yard, so during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, many were buried in the cemeteries surrounding St Pancras.
From the 1830s to the 1870s plans were developed to demolish the slum as part of London wide clearances for improved transport routes, sanitation and the expansion of the railways. New Oxford Street was driven through the area to join the areas of Oxford Street and Holborn. The Rookery dwellers were not re-housed by the authorities. 5000 were evicted and many just moved into near by slums, such Devil's Acre and Church Lane making those more overcrowded still. The unchanging character of the area, failing investment schemes and inability to sell new properties ensured that plans for wholesale clearance were stymied until the end of the century.
Local governance.
The ancient parish of St Giles in the Fields formed part of the Ossulstone hundred of Middlesex. The parish of St George Bloomsbury was split off in 1731, but the parishes were combined for civil purposes in 1774 and used for the administration of the Poor Law after the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834. George Buchanan was appointed Health Officer for the parish around 1856. Upon the creation of the Metropolitan Board of Works in 1855 the combined parishes became the St Giles District and were transferred to the County of London in 1889.
The St Giles civil parish was an elongated "L" shape, stretching from Torrington Place in the north to Shelton Street in the south and then east to include Lincoln's Inn Fields. For registration, and therefore census reporting, the civil parish was divided in North and South districts, with Monmouth Street broadly forming the division. The length of St Giles High Street is identical to the width of the parish at that point. The parish of St George Bloomsbury was located to the northeast. In 1881 the population of St Giles North was 13,837 and St Giles South was 14,864.
The local government of London was reorganised in 1900 and St Giles became part of the Metropolitan Borough of Holborn. Since 1965 it has been part of the London Borough of Camden.
Hogarth depictions of St Giles.
"Four Times of Day".
The etching "Four Times of Day" by Hogarth takes place in Hog Lane, with the church of St Giles in the Fields in the background. Hogarth would feature St Giles again as the background of "Gin Lane" and "First Stage of Cruelty". The picture shows the Huguenot refugees who arrived in the 1680s and established themselves in the silk trade; Hogarth contrasts their fussiness and high fashion with the slovenliness of the group on the other side of the road; the rotting corpse of a cat that has been stoned to death lying in the gutter that divides the street is the only thing the two sides have in common. The older members of the congregation wear traditional dress, while the younger members wear the fashions of the day. The children are dressed up as adults: the boy in the foreground struts around in his finery while the boy with his back to the viewer has his hair in a net, bagged up in the "French" style. At the far right, a black man, probably a freed slave, fondles the breasts of a woman, distracting her from her work, her pie-dish "tottering like her virtue". In front of the couple, a boy has set down his pie to rest, but the plate has broken, spilling the pie onto the ground where it is being rapidly consumed by an urchin.
"Gin Lane".
Set in St Giles, "Gin Lane" depicts the squalor and despair of a community raised on gin. The only businesses that flourish are those which serve the gin industry: gin sellers; distillers; the pawnbroker where the avaricious Mr. Gripe greedily takes the vital possessions (the carpenter offers his saw and the housewife her cooking utensils) of the alcoholic residents of the street in return for a few pennies to feed their habit; and the undertaker, for whom Hogarth implies at least a handful of new customers from this scene alone. Most shockingly, the focus of the picture is a woman in the foreground, who, addled by gin and driven to prostitution by her habit —as evidenced by the syphilitic sores on her legs— lets her baby slip unheeded from her arms and plunge to its death in the stairwell of the gin cellar below. Half-naked, she has no concern for anything other than a pinch of snuff. This mother was not such an exaggeration as she might appear: in 1734, Judith Dufour reclaimed her two-year-old child from the workhouse where it had been given a new set of clothes; she then strangled it and left the infant's body in a ditch so that she could sell the clothes (for 1s. 4d.) to buy gin. In another case, an elderly woman, Mary Estwick, let a toddler burn to death while she slept in a gin-induced stupor. Other images of despair and madness fill the scene: a lunatic cavorts in the street beating himself over the head with a pair of bellows while holding a baby impaled on a spike—the dead child's frantic mother rushes from the house screaming in horror; a barber has taken his own life in the dilapidated attic of his barber-shop, ruined because nobody can afford a haircut or shave; on the steps, below the woman who has let her baby fall, a skeletal pamphlet-seller rests, perhaps dead of starvation, as the unsold moralising pamphlet on the evils of gin-drinking, "The Downfall of Mrs Gin", slips from his basket.
"First stage of cruelty".
Set in St Giles, the etching shows a boy, Nero, is being assisted by other boys torturing a dog by inserting an arrow into a its rectum. An initialled badge on the shoulder of his light-hued and ragged coat shows him to be a pupil of the charity school of the parish of St Giles. A more tender-hearted boy, perhaps the dog's owner, pleads with Nero to stop tormenting the frightened animal, even offering food in an attempt to appease him.
Modern governance.
St Giles is split between the electoral wards of Bloomsbury and Holborn and Covent Garden in the London Borough of Camden. With some sections of Holborn and Bloomsbury it forms part of the Midtown business improvement district. It is within the Holborn and St Pancras Parliament constituency and the Barnet and Camden London Assembly constituency. For elections to the European Parliament it is part of the London constituency.
Tottenham Court Road tube station.
The Central London Railway (CLR) opened Tottenham Court Tube Station, between the Church of St Giles in the Fields and St Giles Circus on 30 July 1900. Tottenham Court Road underwent improvements in the early 1930s to replace lifts with escalators. The station had four entrances to the sub-surface ticket hall from the north-east, south-west and north-west corners of St Giles Circus and from a subway beneath the Centrepoint building which starts on Andrew Borde Street. The entrances were frequently congested leading to occasions during peak periods of the day when they were briefly closed to prevent overcrowding in the station. 
In 2009, Transport for London began a major reconstruction of large parts of the station. Much of the St Giles area alongside St Giles High Street has been cleared to make way for the new development including Crossrail expansion. The Astoria theatre on Charing Cross Road has been demolished and the original Central line entrances will also go.

</doc>
<doc id="9854390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854390" title="Information filtering system">
Information filtering system

An Information filtering system is a system that removes redundant or unwanted information from an information stream using (semi)automated or computerized methods prior to presentation to a human user. Its main goal is the management of the information overload and increment of the semantic signal-to-noise ratio. To do this the user's profile is compared to some reference characteristics. These characteristics may originate from the information item (the content-based approach) or the user's social environment (the collaborative filtering approach).
Whereas in information transmission signal processing filters are used against syntax-disrupting noise on the bit-level, the methods employed in information filtering act on the semantic level.
The range of machine methods employed builds on the same principles as those for information extraction. A notable application can be found in the field of email spam filters. Thus, it is not only the information explosion that necessitates some form of filters, but also inadvertently or maliciously introduced pseudo-information.
On the presentation level, information filtering takes the form of user-preferences-based newsfeeds, etc..
Recommender systems are active information filtering systems that attempt to present to the user information items (film, television, music, books, news, web pages) the user is interested in. These systems add information items to the information flowing towards the user, as opposed to removing information items from the information flow towards the user. Recommender systems typically use collaborative filtering approaches or a combination of the collaborative filtering and content-based filtering approaches, although content-based recommender systems do exist.
History.
Before the advent of the Internet, there are already several methods of filtering information; for instance, governments may controls and restrict the flow of information in a given country by means of formal or informal censorship.
On the other hand, we are going to talk about information filters if we refer to newspaper editors and journalists when they provide a service that selects the most valuable information for their clients, readers of books, magazines, newspapers, radio listeners and viewers TV. This filtering operation is also present in schools and universities where there is a selection of information to provide assistance based on academic criteria to customers of this service, the students. With the advent of the Internet it increases the possibility that anyone can publish low-cost all one wish. In this way, it increases considerably the less useful information and consequently the quality information is disseminated. With this problem, it began to devise new filtering with which we can get the information required for each specific topic to easily and efficiently.
Operation.
A filtering system of this style consists of several tools that help people find the most valuable information, so the limited time you can dedicate to read / listen / view, is correctly directional in the most interesting and valuable documents, aside from the most inconsequential. These filters are also used to organize and structure information in a correct and understandable way, in addition to group messages on the mail addressed. These filters are very necessary in the results obtained of the search engines on the Internet. The functions of filtering improves every day to get downloading Web documents and more efficient messages.
Criterion.
One of the criteria used in this step is whether the knowledge is harmful or not, whether knowledge allows a better understanding with or without the concept. In this case the task of information filtering to reduce or eliminate the harmful information with knowledge.
Learning System.
A system of learning content consists, in general rules, mainly of three basic stages:
Future.
Currently the problem is not finding the best way to filter information, but the way that these systems require to learn independently the information needs of users. Not only because they automate the process of filtering but also the construction and adaptation of the filter. Some branches based on it, such as statistics, machine learning, pattern recognition and data mining, are the base for developing information filters that appear and adapt in base to experience. To allow the learning process can be carried out, part of the information has to be pre-filtered, it means there are positive and negative examples which we named training data, which can be generated by experts or, via feedback through ordinary users.
Error.
As data is entered, the system includes new rules; if we consider that this data can generalize the training data information, then we have to evaluate the system development and measure the system's ability to correctly predict the categories of new information. This step is simplified by separating the training data in a new series called "test data" that we will use to measure the error rate. As a general rule it is important to distinguish between types of errors (false positives and false negatives). For example, in the case on an aggregator of content for children, it doesn’t have the same gravity to allow the passage of information not suitable for them, that shows violence or pornography, than the mistake to discard some appropriated information.
To improve the system to lower error rates and have these systems with learning capabilities similar to humans we require development of systems that simulate human cognitive abilities, such as natural language understanding, capturing meaning Common an other forms of advanced processing to achieve the semantics of information.
Fields of use.
Nowadays, there are numerous techniques to develop information filters, some of these reach error rates lower than 10% in various experiments. Among these techniques there are decision trees, support vector machines, neural networks, Bayesian networks, linear discriminants, logistic regression, etc..
At present, these techniques are used in different applications, not only in the web context, but in thematic issues as varied as voice recognition, classification of telescopic astronomy or evaluation of financial risk.

</doc>
<doc id="9854403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854403" title="John McCaffrey (hurler)">
John McCaffrey (hurler)

John McCaffrey (born 11 September 1987) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Lucan Sarsfield's and has a member of the Dublin senior inter-county team since 2006.
Playing career.
Club.
McCaffrey plays his club hurling with the Lucan Sarsfield's club. He won a county minor championship title with the club in 2005. He also played when the club played their first ever Senior Hurling championship county final in 2013.
Inter-county.
McCaffrey first lined out for the Dublin hurlers at minor level. He was captain of the team in 2005 as 'the Dubs' captured the Leinster title following a win over Wexford.
After success at minor level McCaffrey subsequently joined the Dublin under-21 team where he also served as captain. He won a Leinster title in this grade in 2007 following a 2-18 to 3-9 defeat of Offaly. Dublin later qualified for the All-Ireland final, however, the team was heavily defeated by Galway.
By this stage McCaffrey had already joined the Dublin senior hurling team, making his championship debut against Westmeath in 2006. In 2009 Dublin qualified for their first Leinster final since 1991, however, Kilkenny were the winners by 2-18 to 0-18.
In 2011 McCaffrey took over as Dublin senior hurling team captain due to an injury sustained by regular captain Stephen Hiney. Dublin later qualified for their first National Hurling League final in sixty-five years. In the final they over came Kilkenny in the final by 0-22 to 1-07 to win a first league title since 1939.
In July 2013, McCaffrey became the first Dublin captain to lift the Bob O'Keeffe trophy as Dublin won the Leinster hurling final against Galway by 2-25 to 2-13. 

</doc>
<doc id="9854404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854404" title="LAN Argentina destinations">
LAN Argentina destinations

LAN Argentina serves the following destinations () [http://www.lan.com/es_ar/sitio_personas/destinos/mapa_rutas.html]:

</doc>
<doc id="9854413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854413" title="Sean Boru">
Sean Boru

Sean Boru (born Desmond Patrick Bruen; 20 March 1953, Dublin, Ireland – died 14 February 2011, Essex, England) was an Irish actor and author.
Career.
In 2005 Boru wrote a stage show called "And over here on the left" which is a one man show in which he played the character of a tour guide. Turning the theatre into the bus, he used a mix of film, still pictures, and 3D images, projected onto the stage and a screen, for the audience to focus on.
Boru went to Hollywood in 2006 to film a contribution, as a biographer, to a documentary made by the E! Entertainment channel, about Michael Carroll, as part of the "E! True Hollywood Story" series on lottery winners. In the film "Jack Said" (2009) Boru had a small part. Pete Doherty asked him to ghostwrite his autobiography in early 2009; after months of negotiations Boru declined the offer on the grounds that the model Kate Moss was concerned about her private life being exposed. After many emails from her lawyers, and talks with mutual friends of Moss, Boru made the decision to not proceed. In 2009 he was asked by film director Liam Galvin to play a part in the film "Killer Bitch" in which he played a porn film maker murdered by former football bad boy Jason Marriner. 
Personal life.
Boru was a regular visitor to his native Dublin. He is a full member of the prestigious "Lillies Bordello", which is a known haunt of celebrities. He was a regular visitor to the Cannes Film Festival in France. Sean Boru lived in Halstead, Essex, near the end of his life and was separated from his second wife Lesley; he has 5 children. He wrote a regular 2 page column in all of the 45 magazines issued monthly by the Fish Publishing Group, the magazines are at the high end of Life Style magazines covering 5 counties, Herts, Bucks, London, Essex and Kent. The readership is an estimated 2 million people, a full account of the magazines are at www.life-mags.com
Cancer.
Boru was diagnosed with lymphatic cancer (Hodgkins Lymphoma) in 1998, 2000 and 2002. He received radiotherapy the first 2 times, then chemotherapy. He filmed the second and third treatments with the intention to help other patients and their relatives to understand the procedures. During his 3rd treatment Boru wrote his autobiography as a private project for his children and grandchildren. His book "No Sense of Tumour" (June 2004) was published by Trafford Publishing. This led to him writing "Careful what you wish For" (2006), the biography of Michael Carroll, a 2002 British National Lottery winner of £9.7m. The book was issued by John Blake Publishing in October 2006 (ISBN 1-844-54313-7). Boru died on 14 February 2011. 
Writing.
In 2006 he was signed by literary agent Diane Banks, and was the ghost writer for an edition of the Alex Higgins story, published in May 2007 by Headline. Sean Boru also wrote a history book about London entitled "A Unique Historie of London: Featuring the American Connections" (2006); ISBN 1-424-11869-7, published by Publish America.
In 2008, after three years of applications, Boru was invited to audition for the Dragons Den, he wanted to raise £250,000 to put on a unique theatre show based on his former bus tour of London, when he was a tour guide. After 2 auditions he was shortlisted for the next series in 2010. Also in 2008 he met actor/producer Simon Phillips, and won the part of Detective Edwards in the second of the Jack films series, "Jack Said". The character was carried over into the next `Jack` film, "Jack Falls" (2011) with Dexter Fletcher in the role. In 2009, he launched a book entitled "A historie of London and Londoners" (ISBN 978-0-7524-4861-9), published by the History Press. 
He also wrote "The Little Book of Snooker" (2010) about snooker history, evolution, player biographies and fun stats, his friend Jimmy White wrote the foreword. The royalties are being used to provide free copies of his 2005 film, "Sleeping With the Light On", an informative film for cancer patients. The book was written with the help of Jimmy White who also launched the book with Boru in April 2010 at Waterstones, Epsom. 

</doc>
<doc id="9854414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854414" title="Gudari, Rayagada">
Gudari, Rayagada

Gudari is a town and a notified area committee(NAC) in Rayagada district in the Indian state of Odisha.It is the 3rd biggest town in Rayagada District followed by Rayagada and Gunupur in 1st and 2nd .
Geography.
Gudari is located at . It has an average elevation of 125 metres (410 feet).
Gudari is a town and a Notified Area Committee(NAC) in Rayagada district in the Indian state of Odisha. This town is famous for its natural beauty totally surrounded by rivers,trees,hills. During rainy season it becomes like an island.Gudari is well connected with the outer world throughout the year. This place is famous for Maa Manikeswari temple.It is the 3rd biggest town in Rayagada District followed by Rayagada and Gunupur in 1st and 2nd.
This place can be better termed as a friendly home to poors. The people reside over this place believes in God and extend help and sympathy to the weak. One of the best place with a conglomeration of Oriya and Telugu culture is found. The people love staying in peace and harmony. Every person/ stranger will definitely love to spend few years in this place.The people of gudari are well in nature and believe god for every problem to resolve situation.A science college is there for intermediate students with full comprising faculties.The river BANSADHARA beautifies the town gudari.The town consists a large number of temples such as lord shiva ,kanak durga,kanika parameswai,lord venketeswar, bhandar gharani, lord krishna,lord jagannath, which shows the believes towards God and a bless for the people of gudari.
Demographics.
As of Latest India census, Gudari had a population of 16,708. Males constitute 50% of the population and females 50%. Gudari has an average literacy rate of 60%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 70%, and female literacy is 51%. In Gudari, 12% of the population is under 6 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="9854417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854417" title="Kelp (disambiguation)">
Kelp (disambiguation)

Kelp is seaweed.
Kelp may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9854423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854423" title="John Leahy (diplomat)">
John Leahy (diplomat)

Sir John Leahy, KCMG (born 7 February 1928) is a former senior British diplomat. He later became Chairman of Lonrho. John has a wife (Anne) and 4 children: 2 girls and 2 boys. (Emma, Peter, Jamie, Alice) All of which, now, have fully grown up.
Early career.
Leahy was educated at Tonbridge School, Cambridge and Yale Universities. After National Service in the R.A.F., Leahy joined the Foreign Office in 1952 at the age of 24. He began his career with a position in the Central Department as "Desk Officer", responsible for dealing with the Soviet zone of post WWII Germany (i.e., "East Germany" and occupied Austria).
Diplomat.
In a series of diplomatic appointments, Leahy became assistant private secretary to Selwyn Lloyd, Minister of State, who later became Foreign Secretary during the Suez crisis. Leahy also served as Foreign Office spokesman and was later seconded for a time to the Northern Ireland Office as Under-Secretary of State.
Back at the Foreign Office, Leahy was appointed ambassador to South Africa and subsequently became the FCO's Deputy Under-Secretary of State (DUSS) for Africa and the Middle East. His last diplomatic appointment was as High Commissioner to Australia.
Sensitive assignments.
Regarded as having "a safe pair of hands", Leahy carried out a number of sensitive assignments on behalf of the British government, and came face to face with leading political figures of the day. For example, in April 1984, he was sent to Jamba in Angola to secure the release of 16 Britons who had been taken hostage by the Angolan rebel leader, Jonas Savimbi. At the time, Savimbi's UNITA guerrilla movement was financed and supported militarily by the apartheid regime in South Africa.The mission was successful and Leahy brought the captives back to London.
Post FCO.
After his retirement from HM Diplomatic Service, Leahy held several non-executive appointments, including being a director of "the Observer" newspaper, before joining Lonrho as a non-executive director in October 1993. He became Chairman in November 1994. On 2 March 1995, after many internal upheavals, the company board dismissed the controversial businessman (Tiny Rowland), one of the Joint Chief Executives. In 1997 Leahy was succeeded by Sir John Craven.
Book Publication.
"Life of Spice" is a book written by Sir John Leahy, published in 2006. The book includes details of his life prior to becoming a career diplomat. It also extensively includes details of his later appointments and travels as Ambassador to South Africa, Deputy Under-Secretary for Africa and the Middle East (including a specific chapter regarding his position in Tehran, Iran as Head of Chancery), and as High Commissioner in Australia. It contains many original photographs and noteworthy mention of his extensive travels, including both personal and professional aspects of his life. It also contains detailed descriptions regarding some of the operations and conflicts in which he was engaged around the world.
Sir John Leahy was invited as a guest speaker by the School of International Studies (SIS) at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, CA. Marjorie Chase, International Editor for the Pacifican newspaper (1990-1991) took the rare opportunity to personally interview him. She published a brief article about him in the "Pacifican". Regarding the interview, she states, "I found him to have been a fascinating man, fully professional, but quite down to earth." As Miss Chase was also educated at a British institution of higher learning (Worcester College, Oxford), she enjoyed sharing an inside understanding of Britain's unique culture. At the time of the interview, Chase was pursuing a degree at U.O.P. in International Affairs and Commerce and was quite involved in news coverage of Middle East affairs of Iran, Iraq, Kuwait and other Middle East countries (especially as his visit was during the height of the Iraq/Kuwait invasion), so she considered this interview to be an exclusive privilege.

</doc>
<doc id="9854427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854427" title="Jean Dussault">
Jean Dussault

Jean H. Dussault, (1941–March 23, 2003) was a Canadian endocrinologist. He helped develop a blood test for the early detection of congenital hypothyroidism, a condition of severely stunted physical and mental growth due to untreated congenital deficiency of thyroid hormones.
Born in Quebec City, Quebec, Dussault received a Bachelor's degree from the Université de Montréal in 1960 and a Doctor of Medicine in 1965 from the Université Laval. He took his residency in Medicine at the Enfant-Jesus Hospital in Quebec City and additional research training at the University of Toronto and UCLA. In 1971, he joined the department of Endocrinology and Metabolism at the Faculté de médecine - Université Laval. 
In 1982, he was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Medicine. In 1988, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada and was awarded the Ernest C. Manning Awards Foundation Innovation Award for having "formulated a method of testing infants for congenital hypothyroidism, thus saving children from irreversible mental retardation". In 2000, he was made an Officer of the National Order of Quebec. In 2007, he was inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9854441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854441" title="Hydra-Shok">
Hydra-Shok

Hydra-Shok is a type of expanding bullet made by Federal Cartridge. It was originally patented by bullet designer Tom Burczynski. Hydra-Shok was debuted in 1988 after the FBI requested a bullet with better terminal ballistics than traditional cup and core projectiles. Hydra-Shok bullets feature a unique, patented center-post design and notched jacket with a non-bonded lead core. Together they are meant to provide more reliable expansion and deeper penetration than the other projectiles used at that time. Center post designed bullets like Hydra-Shok have more predictable results and therefore offer some advantage as a projectile. The manufacturer says that the scored jacket and center post design provide a "programmed" expansion. There has been much debate regarding the bullets unreliable expansion when fired through clothing or medias other than ballistic gelatin. In ballistic gelatin, the bullet typically displays very rapid expansion resulting in a larger but more shallow wound channel than would be typical from most other bullet configurations in the same caliber and of similar weight.
The Hydra-Shok bullet is available in various calibers; 9 mm, 10 mm, .32 ACP, .380 ACP, .38 S&W Special, .357 Magnum, .40 S&W, .45 ACP, .45 GAP, and .44 Magnum. It can also be found in 12ga. shotgun slugs.
The Hydra-Shok cartridge is a hollow point round. Another bullet, referred to as FMJ (Full Metal Jacket) has a smooth, rounded tip designed for accuracy and penetration. A hollow point round, however, has a hollow tip that causes it to expand upon impact. The expansion of the bullet increases the amount of energy delivered to the target, instead of the bullet passing through and dissipating its energy elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="9854456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854456" title="Complete Scoundrel">
Complete Scoundrel

"Complete Scoundrel: A Player's Guide to Trickery and Ingenuity" is a supplemental rule book for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game.
Contents.
The book provides feats, prestige classes, and other options for characters interested in playing trickster characters. It has introduced the idea of Skill tricks, which are feat-like character moves that cost skill points to learn and may only be used once per encounter.
The Prestige Classes in this book are the: Avenging Executioner, Battle Trickster, Cloaked Dancer, Combat Trapsmith, Fortunes's Friend, Gray Guard, Magical Trickster, Malconvoker, Master Of Masks, Mountebank, Psibond Agent, Spellwarp Sniper, and the Uncanny Trickster.
Some of the feats in this book have been specialized for the Sneak attack. There are also Luck feats, which give the character a reroll on certain actions in order to get a better result. There are also Bardic Music feats, which give the bard the option to use up one of his daily bard performance in order to gain specific effects.
Publication history.
"Complete Scoundrel" was written by Mike McArtor and F. Wesley Schneider, and published in January 2007. Cover art is by William O'Connor, and interior art is by David Bircham, Miguel Coimbra, Ed Cox, Eric Deschamps, Carl Frank, Randy Gallegos, Howard Lyon, Warren Mahy, Michael Phillippi, Franz Vohwinkel, Eva Widermann, and Kieran Yanner.
Mike McArtor explained whether the book was aimed at just the rogue class, or to characters in general: "The book takes a broader aim for the most part, allowing all classes the chance to act a little scoundrelly from time to time (yes, even paladins!). That said, however, we did not forget the original "D&D" scoundrels, so we have some support specifically for rogues (and bards, ninjas, scouts, and spellthieves, as well)."

</doc>
<doc id="9854465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854465" title="Aethlius">
Aethlius

Aethlius () was, in Greek mythology, the first king of Elis, father of Endymion. He was the son of Zeus and Protogeneia (daughter of Deucalion), and was married to Calyce. According to some accounts, Endymion was himself a son of Zeus and first king of Elis. Other traditions again made Aethlius a son of Aeolus, who was called by the name of Zeus.

</doc>
<doc id="9854469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854469" title="Joseph Eloi Broussard">
Joseph Eloi Broussard

Joseph Eloi Broussard (1866-1956) converted a grist mill near Beaumont, Texas into the Beaumont Rice Mill, the first commercial rice mill in Texas. The Mill made rice, along with lumber and cattle, an important commodity to the early residents of Beaumont.

</doc>
<doc id="9854470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854470" title="Ariel (band)">
Ariel (band)

Ariel was an Australian progressive rock band based around the duo Mike Rudd and Bill Putt, who formed the band in 1973 after the breakup of their previous group Spectrum (which also performed under the alter-ego Indelible Murtceps). The original Ariel line-up was Rudd (guitar, harmonica, vocals), Putt (bass), Tim Gaze (guitar), Nigel Macara (drums) and John Mills (keyboards). Gaze and Macara were recruited from seminal Australian progressive rock band Tamam Shud.
History.
The band released three studio albums and two live albums between 1973 and 1977, during which there were several line-up changes, with Rudd and Putt the only permanent members. Other members of Ariel included guitarists Harvey James and Glyn Mason and keyboard player Tony Slavich. 
Their debut album "A Strange Fantastic Dream", produced by Peter Dawkins was released on EMI's progressive label Harvest in December 1973 and reached No. 12 on the Australian LP charts in February 1974. It included their most successful single "Jamaican Farewell", which peaked at No. 34, its success hampered by lack of airplay, especially in Sydney, although it impressed the industry enough to win the FACB 'Single Of The Year'. According to the liner notes for the CD release of the album, there were calls to ban the LP because of its psychedelic cover artwork by Stephen Nelson, which included a figure holding a hypodermic syringe. Airplay for the LP was further hindered by the banning of three songs (the darkly satirical "Confessions Of A Psychotic Cowpoke", "Medicine Man" and "Chicken Shit") by the commercial radio industry's self-regulatory body in Australia, the FACB. Critical reception to "A Strange Fantastic Dream" was glowing. 
According to Australian popular music and culture website Milesago:
One particularly important outcome for the group was that EMI International's President, Allan Davies, fell in love with the album: "You know, Peter," he enthused to Dawkins, "I can't recall ever hearing a song about necrophilia!" Renowned British DJ John Peel also picked up both album and single and "said some really nice things about both of them". These and other factors led to Ariel being invited to tour the UK and record their next album at Abbey Rd .
The remastered re-release of "A Strange Fantastic Dream" was described as "extraordinary" by The Sydney Morning Herald in September 2002. 
Gaze and Nigel Macara left the band abruptly after a trip to Perth in early 1973, so Rudd and Putt began work on an ambitious science-fiction themed concept work entitled "The Jellabad Mutant", which they hoped to record. For rehearsals they brought in drummer John Lee (later a member of The Dingoes) who in turn brought in Harvey James, thereby establishing the second lineup of the group, which lasted until early 1975. 
Ariel recorded a full demo of "The Jellabad Mutant" and presented it to their label EMI, but it was rejected. On the strength of the first LP, EMI in Britain had arranged recording time for the group at their famous Abbey Road Studios in London, but the rejection of "The Jellabad Mutant" by EMI Australia forced Ariel to fall back on reworked material from Rudd's previous group Spectrum, supplemented by new songs hastily written by Rudd for the sessions. Despite the problems surrounding the recording, the resultant album "Rock & Roll Scars" (1975) is now regarded as one of the best Australian albums of the period, although it failed to make any significant commercial impression. It was mixed in the UK by Geoff Emerick, who worked on many of the later recordings by The Beatles, and produced by Peter Dawkins.
Concerning the rejection of the "Jellabad Mutant" project, Rudd later said:
It's interesting to speculate what might have happened had we been allowed to proceed with the Mutant with an intact budget slashed the budget for Rock'n Roll Scars adding to the pressure and with the time to reflect and be creative with the raw material you hear in the demos. I regret not going in to bat for it at the time. We had a fabulous opportunity with the best technical assistance any band could have wanted. But I didn't sell the dream, even to myself.
After returning to Australia in early 1975 Ariel added a fifth member, singer-guitarist Glyn Mason, formally of Chain, Jeff St John & Copperwine and Home. The five-piece version of the band performed for several months but recorded only one single, although unofficial live recordings of this lineup have survived. It was during this period that Rudd introduced Dawkins to newly arrived New Zealand band Dragon. Dawkins (who had by then moved to CBS Records immediately signed Dragon and went on to produce a string of Australian hit albums and singles with them in the late 1970s.
After the expiration of their EMI contract the group signed with CBS Records for their third LP "Goodnight Fiona" (1976) and their only other charting single, the non-album track "I'll take you high" which reached No. 36 in January 1976. They made another trip to the UK in April 1976 but while there drummer John Lee left the band. He briefly joined English group Dirty Tricks and then finally rejoined The Dingoes after they relocated to America. Lee was replaced in Ariel by Nigel Macara.
Harvey James quit Ariel abruptly later in 1976 after he was invited to join leading Australian pop group Sherbet, where he replaced founding member Clive Shakespeare. James' first recording with Sherbet was their Australian No. 1 and UK Top 5 hit "Howzat". James was replaced in Ariel by keyboard player Tony Slavich.
Macara left again in October 1976 and was replaced by another former Richard Clapton Band member, Iain McLennan. The single "Disco Dilemma" was released in April 1977, just before expiration of their CBS contract, after which they signed to local independent label Image Records. They recorded the single "It's Only Love" for their new label; the song featured lead vocals from its writer Glyn Mason.
Ariel announced its breakup in July 1977 and, just before their CBS contract expired, the "Island Fantasy" themed farewell concert was staged on Sunday 21 August 1977 at the Dallas Brooks Hall in Melbourne. The show was recorded and released over the two albums "Ariel Aloha" (Oct 1977) and "Live - More From Before" (1978). These two albums were subsequently reissued in 1980 as "Ariel Live In Concert".

</doc>
<doc id="9854479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854479" title="Rolls-Royce RB108">
Rolls-Royce RB108

The Rolls-Royce RB.108 was a British jet engine designed in the mid-1950s by Rolls-Royce specifically for use as a VTOL lift engine, i.e., an engine intended primarily for providing upwards thrust rather than for horizontal propulsion.
Design and development.
Of a squat and compact design for mounting vertically, the RB.108 differed from conventional turbojet engines in having its bearings and oil system designed for prolonged operation in the vertical attitude. First bench-tested in 1955 by Alan A. Griffith, who had conceived the idea of a specialised lift jet in 1941, thrust was 2,130 lbf (966.15 kg) from a weight of 269 lb (122 kg), giving a thrust/weight ratio of 8:1.
Applications.
The RB.108 was used in the Short SC.1, which used four for lift with an additional one mounted at an angle at the rear for propulsion, and the Mirage Balzac, which used eight vertically mounted RB.108s for lift. The Vereinigte Flugtechnische Werke (VFW) SG 1262 used five RB.108s, three mounted in tandem on the centreline, with one RB.108 either side.
The RB.108 was also the intended powerplant for several other VTOL aircraft designs, including one by Dornier.
A similar lift jet was designed by Bristol Siddeley, the BS.59, with a thrust of 8,000 lb the engine was intended for the projected Focke-Wulf Fw 260.

</doc>
<doc id="9854491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854491" title="Kurī">
Kurī

Kurī is the Māori language name for the Polynesian dog. It was introduced to New Zealand by Māori during their migrations from East Polynesia sometime around 1280 AD. 
It was used by Māori as a food source and the skin and hair was used for making dog-skin cloaks Kahu kurī, belts, decorating weapons, and poi.
The kurī became extinct in New Zealand some time after the arrival of European settlers. The last known specimens, a female and her pup, are now in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.

</doc>
<doc id="9854525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854525" title="Tom MacKenzie">
Tom MacKenzie

Tom D. MacKenzie (188228 November 1927) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) South Australian Football Association (SAFA)/South Australian Football League (SAFL).
MacKenzie was the first man to win three Magarey Medals as the fairest and most brilliant player in the competition. He was a cool centreman who excelled under pressure.
In 1996 MacKenzie was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame. In 2002 he was inducted into the South Australian Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9854528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854528" title="List of thin shell structures">
List of thin shell structures

Thin-shell structures are light weight constructions using shell elements.

</doc>
<doc id="9854531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854531" title="Kaczory">
Kaczory

Kaczory may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="9854532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854532" title="The World of Tibetan Buddhism">
The World of Tibetan Buddhism

In The World of Tibetan Buddhism, translated and edited by Geshe Thupten Jinpa, the Dalai Lama, offers a clear and penetrating overview of Tibetan Buddhist practice from the Four Noble Truths to Highest Yoga Tantra.
In this book, the Dalai Lama asks us to be mindful and present in the moment and to be constantly vigilant in monitoring our attitudes, actions and motivations. He goes on to ask us to engage in personal research on our own mental functioning and to examine the possibility of making some positive changes within ourselves (p. vii).
Recipient of the 1989 Nobel Prize for Peace, the Dalai Lama is highly respected by Tibetan Buddhists and their supporters as one of their greatest spiritual teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="9854542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854542" title="William Perry Herring McFaddin">
William Perry Herring McFaddin

William Perry Herring McFaddin (1856-1935), known as Perry, was a rancher and early landowner in the early years of Beaumont, Texas. Under William McFaddin, the McFaddin Ranches of Beaumont reached their greatest extent. The Spindletop oil gusher was located on land leased from McFaddin. The site of Port Arthur, Texas, was purchased from McFaddin by Arthur Edward Stilwell. Former pieces of the McFaddin Ranches now make up Sea Rim State Park, the McFaddin National Wildlife Refuge, and the J.D. Murphree Wildlife Management Area. The McFaddin-Ward House was erected on his homestead and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Quotes.
"Sister, don't give up the land.
They are not making land anymore."
W.P.H. McFaddin, quoted by Mamie McFaddin Ward
in the Beaumont Enterprise (Feb. 1961)

</doc>
<doc id="9854567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854567" title="Percy Henn">
Percy Henn

Reverend Canon Percy Umfreville Henn (21 January 1865 in Manchester, England – 25 February 1955 in Perth, Western Australia) was a clergyman and teacher in England and later Western Australia. He is best known for his time as Headmaster at Guildford Grammar School and later for the building of the Chapel of SS. Mary and George.
Henn gained his BA in 1887 and MA in 1890 from Worcester College at Oxford University. He taught at various schools until 1900, when he became a missionary in Western Australia in country towns. In Western Australia Henn married Jean Elliott and had four children. After further religious work in regional WA, he moved to Guildford, Western Australia and became a leading force behind Guildford Grammar School's Guildford Grammar School Chapel and preparatory school. He died in 1955 at age 90.
Early years.
Henn was the tenth child of Rev. John Henn and his wife Catherine, née Holcroft. Born in Manchester, England in 1865, he was educated at Christ's Hospital, London as a Bluecoat Boy and then at Worcester College, Oxford on a scholarship. Henn considered taking holy orders after gaining two qualifications: a BA (1887) and a MA (1890).
Early career.
Henn decided, before taking on a spiritual career, that he would become a teacher. He began his career as an assistant master at Hurstpierpoint College, West Sussex (one of the Woodard Schools, a series of eleven schools founded by Nathaniel Woodard). There, he became interested in education through religion, and became an ordained priest in 1891. He then became Chaplain at Hurstpierpoint in 1892. Henn became recognised as a teacher when he became a founding headmaster at Worksop College in Nottinghamshire; however he resigned in 1899 amidst differences with a new superior who disagreed with Henn's philosophy of a school grounds with beautiful buildings dominated by a chapel.
Looking abroad.
In January 1900, Henn arrived as a missionary in Perth, Western Australia. After a short spell in Kalgoorlie, he moved to Geraldton as rector (parish priest). On 3 April 1902, in Geraldton, Henn married Jean Elliott and they eventually had four children together. Henn became a rector in Northam for three years (1902-1905), signifying the end of his missionary term. He returned to England and became organising secretary in the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in the dioceses of Canterbury and Rochester.
Return to Western Australia.
A Chapel for Guildford.
In 1910, Henn returned to Perth to take up the position of Headmaster of Guildford Grammar School. His task was to oversee the first attempt by the Church of England at secondary education since 1873. His first thought for the new school was the provision of a chapel. To him, a Church school without a chapel was "like the play of Hamlet without the Prince of Denmark." Henn immediately sent out a circular entitled "A Church of England Secondary School for Western Australia." This circular fell into the hands of one Cecil H. Oliverson, whom Henn eventually persuaded to pay the full cost of the Chapel, the Chapel of SS. Mary and George.
Relations with Christ Church Grammar School.
In 1918, Guildford Grammar School and Christ Church Grammar School were placed under the same ruling council. Henn became a member immediately; however, Christ Church did not gain representation until 1920. In 1918, Henn suggested that Christ Church Grammar School's oval be widened and made a first-class playing field.
Guildford Preparatory School.
In 1912, a Cecil Priestley was temporarily employed by Henn as a member of the Guildford Grammar School staff. It seems today that he conceived the idea of a Guildford Preparatory School. Henn was enthusiastic about this, however the Guildford Preparatory School did not integrate with the main Guildford Grammar School until 1921, when it became Guildford Grammar Preparatory School, and Priestley resigned from his position as the Head of the Prep School around this time.
Henn became canon of St George's Cathedral, Perth in 1921. He has a Guildford Grammar School house named after him, Henn's House, founded 1927.
1925 - death.
Henn left his job as Headmaster at Guildford Grammar School in 1925 and returned to England. However, he could not be kept away from Western Australia and returned again to become founding warden of St. Georges College, within the University of Western Australia. Henn retired permanently to Perth in 1933 and died in 1955, age 90. Henn's ashes reside in the Guildford Grammar School Chapel, with a stone slab to commemorate this situated on the north side of the sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="9854596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854596" title="Henry Maurice Drummond-Hay">
Henry Maurice Drummond-Hay

Colonel Henry Maurice Drummond-Hay (7 June 1814 – 3 January 1896) was a Scottish ornithologist.
He was the son of Vice-Admiral Sir Adam Drummond, K.C.B., of Megginch Castle, Perthshire. In June 1832 he received his commission in the 42nd Royal Highlanders, serving in Ireland, Malta, Corfu, Bermuda, and Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Drummond-Hay was the first president of the British Ornithologists' Union and one of its twenty founders in 1858.
On his marriage to the heiress of Seggieden in 1859 he took her family name of Hay. For the last twenty years of his life he devoted himself to the natural history of Perthshire and Tayside, especially the formation of the Perth Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9854599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854599" title="Nymphotomy">
Nymphotomy

Nymphotomy is the surgical procedure of incision into the labia minora. Surgical removal of the labia minora is called nymphectomy. In plastic surgery, the term "labiaplasty", which describes plastic surgery of the labia (often in the form of labia minora reduction) is now more commonly used.
The term "nymphectomy" is also used to describe removal of parts of the labia as part of female genital cutting.

</doc>
<doc id="9854639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854639" title="Truth Wins Out">
Truth Wins Out

Truth Wins Out (TWO) is an organization formed by Wayne Besen to fight what it considers "anti-gay religious extremism", especially the ex-gay movement. TWO states that religious groups claiming that they have "cured" individuals of homosexuality are a hoax, and are, in fact, dangerous to society.
History.
Besen formed Truth Wins Out on June 7, 2006 as a response to the belief that a person's homosexual orientation can change. In particular, TWO is critical of organizations and religious ministries which treat homosexuality as a diseased behavior pattern which can be "cured". Besen later launched the related RespectMyResearch project to document what he views as distortions of science by the ex-gay movement, especially Focus on the Family. Former staff include John M. Becker, who served as director of communications and development.
Protests.
Truth Wins Out organizes protests around the country to counter the ex-gay movement. One of TWO's three largest protests occurred on November 4, 2008 at the National Radio Hall of Fame in Chicago. The "Dobson" campaign was being held to protest the induction of James Dobson, the founder of Focus on the Family, into the Radio Hall of Fame. On his websites, Besen posts videos of former ex-gays describing their experience with the ex-gay movement.

</doc>
<doc id="9854642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854642" title="Saint-Benin">
Saint-Benin

Saint-Benin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9854651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854651" title="Dangerous Minds (disambiguation)">
Dangerous Minds (disambiguation)

Dangerous Minds is a 1995 drama film starring Michelle Pfeiffer.
Dangerous Minds may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9854667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854667" title="Melian (disambiguation)">
Melian (disambiguation)

Melian is a character of the fantasy book "The Silmarillion" by J. R. R. Tolkien.
Melian may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9854694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854694" title="Dan Moriarty (footballer born 1895)">
Dan Moriarty (footballer born 1895)

Dan Moriarty (20 August 1895–1982) was a champion Australian rules footballer in the South Australian Football League, considered to be one of the greatest centre half-backs in the history of the sport.
Moriarty played amateur football early in his career for Victoria Parks, until 1915. Frank Barry convinced Moriarty to come to the South Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian Football League. Moriarty played four reserves games at the end of the 1915 season, before the league went into recess for three years due to World War I. He played in the Patriotic League in 1917 and 1918.
The SAFL returned from recess in 1919, and Moriarty made his league debut for South Adelaide, immediately becoming one of the league's star players at centre half-back. In each of his first three seasons – 1919, 1920 and 1921 – Moriarty won the Magarey Medal as the fairest and most brilliant player in the league. He remains the only player to have won the Magarey Medal in three consecutive seasons. He initially won all three Magarey Medals outright, although the 1920 and 1921 medals are now recorded as ties, with several other players later receiving retrospective medals for those seasons. Moriarty was selected in the South Australian team in interstate matches in 1919, and represented the state regularly throughout his career. He won the inaugural South Adelaide Football Club best and fairest in 1923, and was the club captain in 1925.
Moriarty retired from league football at the age of 30, after the 1925 season. His career spanned 97 league games for South Adelaide, and 22 state games (played consecutively) for South Australia between 1919 and 1925.
Moriarty's size (178 cm, 76 kg) was small compared with most of the other great centre half-backs in the history of the game. In his playing style, he is noted to have been an excellent two-way player. As a defender, he tightly marked his direct opponent, had a very high leap with which he could spoil the ball, and was credited with a strong ability to read and anticipate the play; in a self-assessment, Moriarty credited his ability to read the play as the most important contributor to his success as a player. As a rebounding player, his ability to rebound accurately to team-mates – rather than kick to contests or turnovers – is regarded as the key to why Moriarty was a dangerous player on attack as well as in defence.
Moriarty's career has been widely honoured since his retirement. He has been inducted into four halls of fame:
He was named at centre half-back in the South Adelaide Football Club's Official Greatest Team. Sturt captain and Australian cricketer Vic Richardson has stated that Moriarty was the greatest footballer he had ever seen.
Following his football career, Moriarty was involved in horse racing, as is his son, also named Dan. Moriarty died in 1982, aged 87.

</doc>
<doc id="9854725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854725" title="Albert G. Simms">
Albert G. Simms

Albert Gallatin Simms (October 8, 1882 – December 29, 1964) was a United States Representative from New Mexico. He was the husband of Ruth Hanna McCormick who was a United States Representative from Illinois. He was born in Washington, Arkansas where he attended private schools and the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville. He moved to Monterrey, Mexico in 1906 and was employed as an accountant. In 1912, he moved to Silver City, New Mexico. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1915, and practiced law at Albuquerque, New Mexico until 1919.
Simms was a member of the city council 1920-1922. He was also a member and chairman of the board of county commissioners of Bernalillo County, New Mexico 1920-1922. He engaged in banking, serving as president of a national bank in Albuquerque, 1920–1924, and as president of a mortgage company in 1924. He served as a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives 1925-1927 and was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first Congress (March 4, 1929 – March 3, 1931). He married the widowed Ruth Hanna McCormick, also a member of Congress at the time, in 1931. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1930 to the Seventy-second Congress. After leaving Congress, he was member of the Republican National Committee 1932-1934 as well as a banker, farmer, and rancher. He helped found Albuquerque Academy. He died as a resident of Albuquerque, New Mexico in 1964 and was buried in Fairview Park Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9854726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854726" title="List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (Sch)">
List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (Sch)

The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () and its variants were the highest awards in the military of the Third Reich during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded for a wide range of reasons and across all ranks, from a senior commander for skilled leadership of his troops in battle to a low-ranking soldier for a single act of extreme gallantry. A total of 7,321 awards were made between its first presentation on 30 September 1939 and its last bestowal on 17 June 1945. This number is based on the analysis and acceptance of the order commission of the Association of Knight's Cross Recipients (AKCR). Presentations were made to members of the three military branches of the Wehrmacht—the Heer (Army), Kriegsmarine (Navy) and Luftwaffe (Air Force)—as well as the Waffen-SS, the Reichsarbeitsdienst (RAD—Reich Labour Service) and the Volkssturm (German national militia). There were also 43 recipients in the military forces of allies of the Third Reich.
These recipients are listed in the 1986 edition of Walther-Peer Fellgiebel's book, — "The Bearers of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross 1939–1945 — The Owners of the Highest Award of the Second World War of all Wehrmacht Branches". Fellgiebel was the former chairman and head of the order commission of the AKCR. In 1996 a second edition of this book was published with an addendum delisting 11 of these original recipients. Author and historian Veit Scherzer has cast doubt on a further 193 of these listings. The majority of the disputed recipients had received the award in 1945, when the deteriorating situation of the Third Reich during the final days of World War II left a number of nominations incomplete and pending in various stages of the approval process. Scherzer wrote his book in cooperation with the German National Archives. The book was chosen by Prof. Dr. Franz W. Seidler for the library of the Bundeswehr University Munich and Deutsche Dienststelle (WASt) and is considered an accepted reference there. For many years Fellgiebel's book was considered the main reference work on this topic, and it has now been succeeded by Scherzer's work.
Listed here are the 536 recipients whose last name starts with "Sch", excluding all others who start with "S". Author and historian Veit Scherzer has challenged the validity of 14 of these listings. This is the second of two lists of all 1,060 Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients whose last names start with "S". The remaining recipients whose last name starts with "S" are listed at List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (S less Sch). The recipients are ordered alphabetically by last name. The rank listed is the recipient's rank at the time the Knight's Cross was awarded.
Background.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment, of 1 September 1939 instituted the Iron Cross (), the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross (). Article 2 of the enactment mandated that the award of a higher class be preceded by the award of all preceding classes. As the war progressed, some of the recipients of the Knight's Cross distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment of 3 June 1940. In 1941, two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment of 28 September 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords () and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds (). At the end of 1944 the final grade, the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds (), based on the enactment of 29 December 1944, became the final variant of the Knight's Cross authorized.
Recipients.
The Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (Supreme Command of the Armed Forces) kept separate Knight's Cross lists, one for each of the three military branches, Heer (Army), Kriegsmarine (Navy), Luftwaffe (Air Force) and for the Waffen-SS. Within each of these lists a unique sequential number was assigned to each recipient. The same numbering paradigm was applied to the higher grades of the Knight's Cross, one list per grade. Of the 536 awards made to servicemen whose last name starts with "Sch", excluding those who start with "S", 54 were later awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, six the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and three the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds; 34 presentations were made posthumously. Heer members, including the Volkssturm, received 339 of the medals; 28 went to the Kriegsmarine, 135 to the Luftwaffe, and 34 to the Waffen-SS. The sequential numbers greater than 843 for the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and 143 for the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords are unofficial and were assigned by the Association of Knight's Cross Recipients (AKCR) and are therefore denoted in parentheses.

</doc>
<doc id="9854737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854737" title="My Song Is Love Unknown">
My Song Is Love Unknown

My Song Is Love Unknown is a hymn by Samuel Crossman, written in 1664.
The hymn tune to which it is usually sung is "Love Unknown" by John Ireland (1879-1962). Ireland composed the melody over lunch one day at the suggestion of organist and fellow-composer Geoffrey Shaw.
Lyrics.
My song is love unknown, <br>
My Saviour’s love to me;<br>
Love to the loveless shown,<br>
That they might lovely be.<br>
O who am I,<br>
That for my sake<br>
My Lord should take<br>
Frail flesh and die?
He came from His blest throne<br>
Salvation to bestow;<br>
But men made strange, and none<br>
The longed-for Christ would know:<br>
But O! my Friend, <br>
My Friend indeed,<br>
Who at my need <br>
His life did spend.
Sometimes they strew His way,<br>
And His sweet praises sing;<br>
Resounding all the day<br>
Hosannas to their King:<br>
Then “Crucify!” <br>
is all their breath,<br>
And for His death<br>
they thirst and cry.
Why, what hath my Lord done?<br>
What makes this rage and spite?<br>
He made the lame to run,<br>
He gave the blind their sight,<br>
Sweet injuries! <br>
Yet they at these<br>
Themselves displease, <br>
and ’gainst Him rise.
They rise and needs will have<br>
My dear Lord made away;<br>
A murderer they save,<br>
The Prince of life they slay,<br>
Yet cheerful He<br> 
to suffering goes,<br>
That He His foes <br>
from thence might free.
In life no house, no home, <br>
My Lord on earth might have; <br>
In death no friendly tomb, <br>
But what a stranger gave. <br>
What may I say? <br>
Heav'n was his home; <br>
But mine the tomb <br>
Wherein he lay. 
Here might I stay and sing,<br>
No story so divine;<br>
Never was love, dear King!<br>
Never was grief like Thine.<br>
This is my Friend,<br> 
in Whose sweet praise<br>
I all my days <br>
could gladly spend.
"Italic text"==Other versions==

</doc>
<doc id="9854745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854745" title="Dangsan Railway Bridge">
Dangsan Railway Bridge

The Dangsan Railway Bridge (당산철교) crosses the Han River in Seoul. It is used exclusively by Seoul Subway Line 2. Immediately on the south side of the bridge is Dangsan Station in Yeongdeungpo-gu, which is on an elevated platform. Hapjeong Station, a subterranean station in Mapo-gu, is located approximately 600 meters north of where the bridge makes landfall.
After the partial collapse of Seongsu Bridge, every bridge in Seoul was re-examined for safety and it was decided that Dangsan Bridge should be taken down and rebuilt. Amid considerable controversy, this bridge was closed for reconstruction on December 31, 1996. The reconstruction finished on November 22, 1999.
Engineering Supervision by: Daniel Mann Johnson

</doc>
<doc id="9854746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854746" title="1914 in the United Kingdom">
1914 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1914 in the United Kingdom. This year sees the start of World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="9854769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854769" title="The White Bus">
The White Bus

The White Bus is a 1967 short film by British director Lindsay Anderson. The screenplay was jointly adapted with Shelagh Delaney from a short story in her collection "Sweetly Sings the Donkey" (1963).
Outline.
The main character, only referred to as 'the girl' (Patricia Healey) takes a trip in a white double-decker bus around an unnamed city she is visiting, although it is clearly meant to be Manchester; Delaney was born and grew in nearby Salford. Oddly enough, the Mayor (Arthur Lowe), a local businessman, and the council's ceremonial macebearer (John Sharp) happen to also be taking the trip.
Locations include Albert Square and its landmark, the Town Hall and the nearby Central Library. The 'model estate' of high-rise flats was shot on the Kersal Flats estate, while the factory sequences were shot in Trafford Park, including the Metropolitan-Vickers works. It also featured scenes on Cheetham Hill Road and inside Cheetham College (now demolished).
Both the exterior and interior shots of the school were taken in the former Pendleton High School for Girls - now mainly demolished, but with the original Victorian building converted to a retirement home. Using local people, Anderson also staged parodies of paintings by Manet ("Le déjeuner sur l'herbe"), Fragonard and Goya in Buile Hill Park in Salford. It was Anthony Hopkins film debut in a small role, while Stephen Moore, is a (young) bowler-hatted man who pesters the heroine with nonsense just after her arrival.
History and production.
It was originally commissioned by producer Oscar Lewenstein, then a director of Woodfall, as one third of a 'portmanteau' feature entitled "Red White and Zero", with the other sections supplied by Anderson's Free Cinema collaborators Tony Richardson and Karel Reisz from the other short stories by Shelagh Delaney.
The "first real day's shooting" was on 19 October 1965, and took about a month to complete.
The two other planned sections of the film developed into what became Richardson's "Red and Blue" and Peter Brook's "Ride of the Valkyrie" (1967), Reisz having dropped out, both of which are unrelated to Delaney's work. Of these, only "The White Bus" received a theatrical release in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9854771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854771" title="H. V. F. Winstone">
H. V. F. Winstone

Harry Victor Frederick Winstone FRGS (3 August 1926 – 10 February 2010), known as "Victor", was an English author and journalist, who specialised in Middle Eastern topics. He wrote biographies of several influential figures in the history of this region.
Victor Winstone worked as a reporter and features writer with weekly journals and a financial features agency from 1947 to 1950. He was an industrial journal editor and press advisor to Royal Doulton and others during the 1950s and 60s. From 1970 to 1982, he was a freelance writer and magazine editor, chiefly of journals about decorative and applied arts ("Pottery Gazette", "Tableware International", "Home and Table", "Ambassador"). He also wrote for industrial and commercial publications and was the supervisory editor of the English edition of "Automobile World" (Zurich).
From 1975 to 1990, he was freelance special features writer for "The Guardian", book reviewer for "The Daily Telegraph", and was a contributor to Connoisseur, "The Times", and various specialist journals. 
Winstone’s first biography was published in 1976 to positive reviews: "Captain Shakespear: A Portrait", a study of the explorer William Shakespear. A series of critically well-regarded books followed, mainly biographies of British figures associated with the nineteenth and twentieth century history of the Middle East, such as Gertrude Bell, Gerard Leachman, Leonard Woolley, Howard Carter and Lady Anne Blunt.
Winstone was a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. Prior to his death, he lived in Bideford, north Devon, England.
Winstone died from lung cancer on 10 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9854798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854798" title="Wer (god)">
Wer (god)

Wer is an Akkadian storm god, a minor deity linked with Adad and Amurru. His attendant is the fierce guardian of the pine forest, Humbaba, the focus of one of the Gilgamesh epic sagas. His cult centres include Afis, south of Aleppo.

</doc>
<doc id="9854800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854800" title="Aberdeen Line">
Aberdeen Line

The Aberdeen Line was a shipping company founded in 1825 by George Thompson of Aberdeen to take sailing vessels to the St. Lawrence carrying some passengers and returning with cargoes of timber. The business flourished and grew to 12 sailing vessels by 1837, travelling to South America, the Pacific, West Indies and the Mediterranean. In 1842 the line included a regular schedule from London to Australia. 
The Aberdeen Line’s best known ship was the clipper "Thermopylae", launched in 1868, and constructed with the ‘Aberdeen Bow’, designed for greater speed and seaworthiness. The clipper set new records for voyages to and from Australia and the Far East.
In 1872, her nearest rival, "Cutty Sark", lost by seven days in a race from Shanghai to London. Thermopylae was acknowledged to be the fastest sailing ship afloat.
The arrival of the steamship signalled the end of the sailing era, but enabled the line to introduce a regular service between London and Australia in 1882 and by 1899 all the vessels were able to carry frozen produce. 
Changing fortunes put the company under joint control of White Star Line and Shaw, Savill & Albion Line in 1905, while retaining a degree of autonomy. In 1928 the White Star Line took over the Government-owned Australian Commonwealth Line, but in 1931 White Star Line's holding company, the Kylsant shipping group, collapsed. A year later Shaw, Savill & Albion bought the Aberdeen Line and in 1933 the former Australian Commonwealth Line was incorporated and the Aberdeen & Commonwealth Line was founded. Furness Withy & Co took over Shaw Savill & Albion in 1936. By 1957 the last of the ships was scrapped and the company dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9854809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854809" title="ABN AMRO Group">
ABN AMRO Group

ABN AMRO Group N.V. is a Dutch bank group, consisting of ABN AMRO Netherlands, ABN AMRO Private Banking, the International Diamond and Jewelry Group, and Fortis Bank Netherlands.
The group was formed after the Dutch government nationalised the Dutch part of Fortis on October 3, 2008 to prevent the bank and insurer succumbing to the Financial crisis of 2007–2010.
The insurance arm of Fortis has been split off as ASR Nederland.
When the group was formed, the Dutch government had a 97.8% stake in Fortis Bank Netherlands Holding NV, a 100% stake in Fortis Insurance Netherlands NV, and a 33.8% stake in RFS Holdings BV. It said that the banks would be integrated and merged into one organisation under the name ABN AMRO Bank N.V. before an exit would occur.
The merger was completed on 1 July 2010 and the Dutch government has said that the bank will remain under state ownership until at least 2011 after which it would consider a public listing on the stock market.
Credit crisis.
In 2007, the RFS consortium (consisting of Royal Bank of Scotland, Fortis and Banco Santander), acquired the Dutch bank ABN AMRO for approximately € 72 billion (or approximately € 39 per share). As part of the deal Fortis bank gained the Private Banking, Asset Management and the ABN AMROs Netherlands Business Unit for which it paid € 24 billion. It had planned to merge these businesses with its own operations in the Netherlands and expected the integration to be completed by late 2009. However the acquisition had depleted Fortis banks reserves and it got into serious trouble in 2008 as the credit crunch took hold.
Prior to the financial problems, the European Union competition commissioner had ruled that for the acquisition to be approved, Fortis would need to sell part of the business it acquired from ABN AMRO. To do this Fortis split the group under the name "NEWbank" and planned to sell it to Deutsche Bank, however the sale was stopped by the Dutch government at the time of nationalization and the deal was renegotiated.
In September 2008 Fortis announced that its share of ABN AMRO Bank was for sale again. However, no buyer could be found. and therefore on October 4, 2008, the Dutch government announced that it would acquire all the Dutch operations of Fortis, including ABN AMRO for € 16.8 billion. Within this package ABN AMRO was the largest component. The plan was that ABN AMRO and the Dutch part of Fortis would be integrated and eventually sold. 
On 1 July 2010 the bank completed the final stage of a complex restructuring, that saw the creation of ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Madoff fraud.
As a result of the alleged fraud by Bernard Madoff, Fortis Bank Netherlands (Holding) NV lost 1 billion euros on loans from the bank (through its subsidiary Prime Fund Solutions, part of Fortis Merchant Banking) to hedge fund and as collateral investments in Bernard Madoff Investment Securities.
The Dutch government said on behalf of Fortis that a claim against the Securities and Exchange Commission would be considered.
Name.
On November 21, 2008 Dutch finance minister Wouter Bos announced that Fortis and ABN AMRO would be merged. Until then, the banks would operate independently as Fortis Bank and ABN AMRO Netherlands.
After the merger was complete the bank used the name ABN AMRO for the combined bank, and the bank was officially renamed on 1 July 2010. The remaining parts of the original ABN AMRO still owned by the Royal Bank of Scotland would be renamed, sold or closed down.

</doc>
<doc id="9854848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854848" title="Timothy Hutchins">
Timothy Hutchins

Timothy Hutchins is a Canadian classical flute player.
Principal flute of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra since 1978, Timothy Hutchins has received international critical acclaim for his work as a concerto soloist, as a duo recitalist with his wife, pianist Janet Creaser Hutchins, and as a chamber musician. He has appeared extensively as soloist with the OSM: notably with Charles Dutoit. Timothy Hutchins has appeared as guest principal with the Boston Symphony Orchestra with Seiji Ozawa, Vladimir Ashkenazy, and with Leonard Bernstein at the latter’s last appearance, recording Beethoven’s Seventh Symphony at Tanglewood. As guest principal he has performed and toured with the New York Philharmonic under Zubin Mehta and Kurt Masur. He was principal flute of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for the 2003-04 season.
Mr. Hutchins is professor of flute at McGill University. Many of his students perform with leading orchestras around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9854859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854859" title="St. George's Church, Esher">
St. George's Church, Esher

St. George’s Church, Esher is a Grade I listed Anglican church in Esher, Surrey, England. Built in the 16th century, it was Esher’s parish church for 300 years, though later worshippers included Queen Victoria. However, by the mid-19th century the building was deemed too small for the growing population, and was replaced by Christ Church, built nearby on Esher Green in 1853/4. St. George’s was not therefore subjected to Victorian ‘improvements’, and its Tudor origins remain evident. It is now cared for by the Churches Conservation Trust. 
History.
Esher is mentioned in the Domesday Book, but there is no mention of a church; the first record of a patron and rector appears in 1292, but little remains of any previous building, except a doorway on the south side of the nave and the priest’s door (now walled in) on the north side of the chancel, both probably 15th century. A rare example of an English church built during the Reformation, the present building was built about 1540 of a jumbled assortment of chequered sandstone, clunch, undressed flint and brick, and roofed with both stone and clay tiles, with a small oaken timber bell- or clock-turret with pyramid spire. Inside, the Tudor open roof remains, with timber tie and collar beams; referring to its vernacular construction, Simon Jenkins says: ". . . St. George's cannot decide whether it is a barn masquerading as a chapel, or a chapel masquerading as a barn." The wooden clock-turret houses the original clock mechanism from the early 17th century, the face and hour hand being added in 1783. Various additions made in the 18th and early 19th centuries include the three-decker pulpit and reredos of 1722 with fine carving, the Newcastle Pew (1725-26), and the brick north aisle with crenellated gables (1812). 
Newcastle Pew.
In 1725–26 a brick extension, with a slate roof and its own entrance, was added to the south side of the church. The extension contains a remarkable family chamber pew built to Sir John Vanbrugh’s design for the 1st Duke of Newcastle, who had purchased Vanbrugh's nearby country house, Claremont, and therefore worshipped at St. George’s, as did Newcastle's brother, Henry Pelham of Esher Place. Connected to the body of the church through a bay in the south wall, the pew has a temple front of eight Corinthian columns and pilasters surmounted by a pediment of pine. The Georgian interior of the pew was later divided into two sets of three boxes, the inhabitants of Claremont sitting on the right, and those of Esher Place on the left, each with their own fireplace. Vanbrugh also replaced the Tudor windows of the church with those of Georgian style: the only remaining stained glass window was removed to the Great Hall of Wadham College, Oxford. George II’s royal coat of arms hangs from the chancel beam. 
The Duke of Newcastle's successors at Claremont would all have worshipped at St. George’s at some time. These include Princess Charlotte, only child of George IV and heiress presumptive to the throne, who died at Claremont; her husband Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg, later first King of the Belgians; his niece by marriage, the young Princess Victoria; her youngest son Leopold; and Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone. A sculpted triptych memorial to Charlotte and Leopold, commissioned in 1870 from Francis John Williamson by Queen Victoria and originally in their former home, Claremont, stands at the west end of the north aisle.
St. George’s today.
After Christ Church was built, St. George’s fell into some disrepair, but it was restored by the community in 1965, and remains a consecrated building, now in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust and supported locally by the Friends of St. George’s Church. St. George’s is not open every day, but several services are held each year. It can also be visited on Saturday mornings during the summer, and is a periodic venue for music and the arts. The church may be visited by borrowing a key from an adjacent property (Monday to Saturday inclusive).

</doc>
<doc id="9854860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854860" title="Battle of Gang Toi">
Battle of Gang Toi

The Battle of Gang Toi (8 November 1965) was fought during the Vietnam War between Australian troops and the Viet Cong. The battle was one of the first engagements between the two forces during the war and occurred when a company from 1st Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (1 RAR) struck a Viet Cong bunker system defended by Company 238 in the Gang Toi Hills, in northern Bien Hoa Province. It occurred during a major joint US-Australian operation codenamed Operation Hump, involving the US 173rd Airborne Brigade, to which 1 RAR was attached. During the latter part of the operation an Australian rifle company clashed with an entrenched company-sized Viet Cong force in well-prepared defensive positions. Meanwhile, an American paratroop battalion was also heavily engaged in fighting on the other side of the Song Dong Nai.
The Australians were unable to concentrate sufficient combat power to launch an assault on the position and consequently they were forced to withdraw after a fierce engagement during which both sides suffered a number of casualties, reluctantly leaving behind two men who had been shot and could not be recovered due to heavy machine-gun and rifle fire. Although they were most likely dead, a battalion-attack to recover the missing soldiers was planned by the Australians for the next day, but this was cancelled by the American brigade commander due to rising casualties and the need to utilise all available helicopters for casualty evacuation. The bodies of the two missing Australian soldiers were subsequently recovered more than 40 years later, and were finally returned to Australia for burial.
Background.
Military situation.
Although the initial American commitment to the war in Vietnam had been limited to advice and materiel support, by 1964 there were 21,000 US advisors in South Vietnam. However, with the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) weakened by successive defeats at the hands of the communists, the South Vietnamese government faltering, and Saigon threatened with a major offensive, the worsening situation led to a significant escalation of the war in 1965, with a large-scale commitment of US ground troops under the command of General William Westmoreland. At first the Americans had adopted a cautious strategy, applied to the strictly limited role of base defence by US Marine units. This was abandoned in April 1965, and replaced by a new "enclave strategy" of defending key coastal population centres and installations. This strategy required the introduction of nine additional US battalions, or 14,000 troops, to bring the total in Vietnam to 13. Allied nations of the Free World Military Forces were expected to contribute another four battalions.
Westmoreland planned to develop a series of defensive positions around Saigon before expanding operations to pacify the South Vietnamese countryside and as a result a number of sites close to Viet Cong dominated areas were subsequently chosen to be developed into semi-permanent divisional-level bases. Such areas included Di An which was intended to become the headquarters of the US 1st Infantry Division, while the US 25th Infantry Division would be based in the vicinity of Cu Chi. However, large-scale military operations to clear the intended base areas had to wait until the dry season. Yet the allied enclave strategy proved only transitory and further setbacks led to additional troop increases to halt the losing trend. With the situation reaching crisis point during the Viet Cong wet season offensive in June 1965, Westmoreland requested further reinforcement and US and allied forces increased to 44 battalions which would be used to directly bolster the ARVN.
Australia's growing involvement in Vietnam reflected the American build-up. In 1963, the Australian government had committed a small advisory team, known as the Australian Army Training Team Vietnam (AATTV), to help train the South Vietnamese forces. However, in June 1965 the decision to commit ground troops was made, and the 1st Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment—originally commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Ivan 'Lou' Brumfield—was dispatched. Supporting 1 RAR was the 1 Troop, A Squadron, 4th/19th Prince of Wales's Light Horse equipped with M-113 Armoured Personnel Carriers, artillery from 105th Field Battery, Royal Australian Artillery and 161st Battery, Royal New Zealand Artillery, and 161st Reconnaissance Flight operating Cessna 180s and Bell H-13 Sioux light observation helicopters; in total 1,400 personnel. The Australian units and New Zealand artillery were attached to the US 173rd Airborne Brigade under the command of Brigadier General Ellis W. Williamson in Bien Hoa and operated throughout the III Corps Tactical Zone (III CTZ) to help establish the Bien Hoa–Vung Tau enclave. Although logistics and resupply were primarily provided by the Americans, a small logistic unit—1st Australian Logistics Company—was situated at Bien Hoa airbase. Unlike later Australian units that served in Vietnam, which included conscripts, 1 RAR was manned by regular personnel only.
Attached to US forces, 1 RAR would primarily be employed in search and destroy operations using the newly developed doctrine of airmobile operations, utilising helicopters to insert light infantry and artillery into an area of operations, and to support them with aerial mobility, fire support, casualty evacuation, and resupply. The battalion commenced operations in late June 1965 and initially focussed on defeating the Viet Cong's wet season offensive. During this time US 173rd Brigade, including 1 RAR, conducted a number of operations into War Zone D—a major communist base area at the junction of Phuoc Long, Long Khanh, Bien Hoa and Binh Duong provinces—as well as in the Iron Triangle in November.
Prelude.
Opposing forces.
By late-1965 the junction of the Song Be and Song Dong Nai rivers had become a major communist staging area for men, equipment, and supplies for units based around Saigon and the Mekong Delta. Communist communications and resupply routes between War Zones C and D also met the Ho Chi Minh Trail in this area. Westmoreland planned to use the US 173rd Airborne Brigade to keep the Viet Cong off balance and to target their base areas, and consequently a search-and-destroy operation codenamed Operation Hump was planned. Operation Hump marked the half-way point in the twelve-month tour of duty of the US 173rd Airborne Brigade and was named accordingly. The concept of operations envisioned 1 RAR and US 1st Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment being inserted by helicopter during an airmobile operation into War Zone D, in an area about north-east of the US airbase at Bien Hoa. The Australian and American area of operations (AO) would be separated by the Song Dong Nai, with 1 RAR to deploy into a Landing Zone (LZ) to the south, while the US 1/503rd Battalion would conduct a helicopter assault onto a LZ northwest of the Song Dong Nai and Song Be. Meanwhile, the US 173rd Airborne Brigade's second battalion—2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment—would be left to defend Bien Hoa airbase.
The area was thought to be a Viet Cong stronghold and American intelligence initially identified Q762 Main Force Regiment and D800 Main Force Battalion as being nearby. However, unknown to the allied force the Viet Cong 9th Division had likely received forewarning of the operation and had deployed one of its most experienced regiments, supported by a number of Local Force battalions, determined for a test of allied strength. 271 VC Main Force Regiment (also known as Q761 Main Force Regiment) subsequently took up defensive positions in the area, while the communist U1 headquarters protected by Company 238, was situated on the plateau atop the Gang Toi Hills in an area which formed part of 1 RAR's objective. U1 was responsible for co-ordinating the Viet Cong regional defence against the Bien Hoa air base and for developing anti-government resistance and had been tasked with rebuilding the covert organisation in Bien Hoa city and the surrounding villages up to the Dong Nai, as well as re-establishing the link between Bien Hoa city and War Zone D, and for planning and executing attacks against the air base itself. Yet having relocated to the rainforest two months earlier, its presence was also unknown to the Australians and Americans. Regardless, A Company 1 RAR was scheduled to conduct a search of the plateau on the fourth day of the operation.
Battle.
Insertion and patrolling, 5–7 November 1965.
On 5 November 1 RAR began the routine search-and-destroy operation, inserting by helicopter south of the Song Dong Nai at 08:00, while the US 1/503rd Battalion was inserted onto LZ King north-west of the Song Dong Nai and Song Be rivers at 11:00. The operation started badly for the Australians and Americans with the fly-in delayed. Despite a lengthy preparation by fire, a large Viet Cong force had been observed in the vicinity of LZ Queen prior to the insertion of the lead Australian rifle company—D Company under the command of Captain Peter Rothwell. The escorting helicopter gunships began taking small arms fire as they attempted to provide suppressing fire and Rothwell made the decision to activate the alternate landing zone to the north-east, LZ Princess. D Company was subsequently inserted safely and swept back to LZ Queen, securing it for the remainder of the battalion. By mid-morning 1 RAR occupied LZ Queen, with the 105 mm L5 Pack Howitzers of 105 Field Battery also flying-in to provide direct support. Augmenting the Australian gunners, the US 3/319 Artillery Battalion and 161st Battery, Royal New Zealand Artillery occupied FSB Ace further south.
1 RAR's scheme of manoeuvre dictated that each company undertake a dispersed patrol program in their own Tactical Area of Responsibility, a fact which would allow them to search more ground, but limit their ability to concentrate combat power in the event of contact. A Company, under Major John Healy, patrolled east; B Company moved north along the Song Be to Xom Xoai, while D Company patrolled south. C Company remained at LZ Queen to protect 105 Field Battery which had established a fire support base (FSB). Over the next two days the Australians patrolled relentlessly through the leech-infested swamps and dense jungle. At midday on 6 November A Company received two mortar rounds which failed to do any damage, but marked the start of a series of minor clashes. A Company had a number of contacts during this time, with the Australians killing a Viet Cong scout for the loss of two wounded in one skirmish. A further contact soon after resulted in two more Viet Cong killed and one wounded. Intelligence gained from these incidents indicated the presence of a Viet Cong Main Force Regiment in the area, while documents recovered contained plans for attacks on ARVN outposts near Bien Hoa Airbase.
By nightfall on 7 November, despite the earlier contacts, no major actions had occurred in the Australian AO. With the rifle companies now several kilometres apart, A Company had patrolled into a network of well used roads and tracks that formed part of a branch of the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Healy's men spent the night astride the tracks and would resume patrolling the following day along a track which led to Hill 82. Meanwhile, although unknown to them at the time, the US 1/503rd Battalion across the Song Dong Nai had patrolled to within of a major Viet Cong bunker system sited on two spur lines in the vicinity of Hill 65.
Hill 82, 8 November 1965.
Brumfield arrived by helicopter on the morning of 8 November, just as A Company was preparing to depart its night location at 08:00. With contact now seeming unlikely to the Australians, Healy was instructed to move to a rendezvous from which the battalion would be extracted back to Bien Hoa the following day. A Company subsequently set out on a compass bearing which would take them across the northern edge of the Gang Toi plateau. By 10:30 the Australians moved out in single file but had not gone far before a lone Viet Cong scout was observed shadowing them; he was subsequently shot and killed by the rear section. Crossing a creek line the Australians uncovered a company-sized camp of dugouts and trenches, before being fired upon at 15:40 by a single Viet Cong soldier who then fled. A Company halted briefly, and at this time two Viet Cong approached their position, before being killed by 1 Platoon.
The Australians continued in single file towards the top of the plateau, with 1 Platoon—under Sergeant Gordon Peterson—leading, followed by 2 and then 3 Platoons. The going was slow in the dense jungle and visibility was limited. By 16:30 the lead section was nearing the top of the hill having gone just , while the last platoon—3 Platoon—was still leaving the harbour. 1 Platoon was suddenly hit by heavy small arms fire from at least three Viet Cong machine-guns in well-sited bunkers, supported by rifles and grenades. The fire engulfed the lead section and platoon headquarters, causing five casualties in the opening minute. Pinned down, the Australians went to ground and began returning fire, allowing all except one of the wounded to crawl to safety. Private Richard Parker, who had fallen directly in front of the bunker system, was unable to be recovered. Failing to respond to the shouts of his comrades, Parker was exposed to further hits, although was probably already dead. To support the beleaguered platoon, Healy subsequently ordered the support section from company headquarters to move forward to provide covering fire, while 3 Platoon moved up on the left flank. However, due to the dispersed patrolling plan adopted, the remaining companies were unable to provide any assistance.
Still at the bottom of the hill, 3 Platoon—under Second Lieutenant Clive Williams—had just shot and killed two Viet Cong moving along the creek line. Reaching the top of the hill to the left of company headquarters, Williams turned to the right towards the Viet Cong positions. Moving into extended line on a front the Australians had advanced just before the left flank was engaged by a number of machine-guns from another sector of the Viet Cong position. In danger of being outflanked, 3 Platoon continued to advance regardless, using fire and movement. Just from the bunkers Private Peter Gillson, the machine-gunner in the forward section, was shot has he tried to move around the twisted roots of a tall tree. As he fell two Viet Cong rushed forward to take the M60 machine-gun, however Gillson was still conscious and they were killed at point blank range before he collapsed. Williams radioed Healy of the increasing danger while his platoon sergeant—Sergeant Colin Fawcett—had crawled forward under heavy fire to Gillson, whose body was wedged in the buttress of a large tree. Unable to find a pulse, Fawcett attempted to extract Gillson, but was unable to do so due to heavy fire. Two other attempts to recover the body were also beaten back, and although unsuccessful, Fawcett was later awarded the Military Medal for his actions.
Taking heavy fire from both the front and flanks, Williams had little choice but to withdraw. With the Viet Cong moving rapidly to encircle them, and unable to move forward, the Australians had to fight hard using small arms fire and grenades to extract themselves back to company headquarters without further casualties. However, by this time the artillery was beginning to have an impact as A Company's Forward Observer, Captain Bruce Murphy, a New Zealander, directed the fires. The Australians had unavoidably been placed in the worst possible position to their supporting artillery, with 105 Battery firing on a line directly towards them from their gun-line on the other side of the Gang Toi plateau. Consequently Murphy was unable to observe the fall of shot, and had to walk the rounds onto target by sound. A slight miscalculation could have sent a round over the hill into the Australian positions, regardless, and despite persistent rifle and machine-gun fire, Murphy calmly directed the artillery throughout the battle. For his skill and bravery he was later awarded the Military Cross.
By 18:30, more than two hours since the fighting began, darkness was approaching. The battalion would be unable to concentrate against the Viet Cong position until the following day, and Healy subsequently made the decision to withdraw. With the artillery falling as close as possible, the weight of the indirect fires provided the Australians with a degree of protection and an opportunity to extricate themselves. 2 Platoon—under Lieutenant Ian Guild—was subsequently moved into position to cover the withdrawal, and carrying their wounded the Australians successfully broke contact without suffering further losses. A Company initially moved to a landing zone below the ridgeline which had been cleared to allow the casualties to be evacuated, however there were no helicopters available. As a result the Australians would had to look after their casualties until the following morning, and they proceeded further north to a night harbour as the area was pounded by artillery, aerial bombing and helicopter gunships.
Healy assessed that his company had encountered a force of at least company-size. Later it became apparent that they had indeed contacted Company 238 which was tasked with protecting the U1 headquarters and to carry out operations in the Bien Hoa region. Throughout the day Viet Cong reconnaissance parties, perhaps including those that had been contacted intermittently, had observed the approaching Australian force on a line leading directly to the U1 headquarters. During the fighting the Viet Cong company commander—Nguyen Van Bao—had split his force into two, allocating one platoon to fight the advancing Australians, and the other two to protect the headquarters. Following the Australian withdrawal Van Bao had also withdrawn, pre-empting the ensuing barrage, yet the U1 base remained in communist hands.
Fighting across the Song Dong Nai.
Meanwhile, across the river in the American AO the US 1/503rd Battalion had uncovered a large Viet Cong bunker system and became involved in fierce fighting that had included desperate hand-to-hand combat, with both sides resorting to using bayonets. Throughout the morning the Australians had heard the increasing crescendo of firing as the battle raged, however, as neither they nor the US 2/503rd Battalion had been called on to reinforce the US 1/503rd Battalion they had pressed on. The American paratroopers had contacted a well-equipped Viet Cong Main Force regiment, complete with khaki uniforms, steel helmets and Soviet automatic weaponry and small arms. The fighting across the Song Dong Nai continued into the afternoon, before subsiding into sporadic sniper and small arms fire in the later afternoon and early evening. During the fighting, Specialist Lawrence Joel—a medic—distinguished himself tending to his wounded comrades while under heavy fire. He was subsequently awarded the Medal of Honor.
Brumfield demanded the right to return to Hill 82 in order to destroy the bunker system and to recover the bodies of Parker and Gillson, and he and Major John Essex-Clark—the Operations Officer—began planning a battalion attack. However, with American casualties rising and all available helicopters required for casualty evacuation, the planned operation was cancelled. The thick jungle canopy compounded the issue, and Williamson decided to stage the casualties through an area secured by the Australians at LZ Princess. Operation Hump concluded on 9 November, with the US 1/503rd Battalion and 1 RAR being extracted by helicopter and returning to Bien Hoa in the late afternoon. Following 1 RAR's return to Bien Hoa Brumfield continued to petition for permission to conduct the operation. A battalion attack was subsequently planned for 14 November, however Williamson later deferred it dependent on the availability of air and helicopter support, and the start date of the upcoming Operation New Life. Ultimately it was never conducted.
Aftermath.
Casualties.
The Battle of Gang Toi was the first set-piece action between Australian and Viet Cong forces in the Vietnam War. Australian casualties included two missing (presumed killed) and six wounded, and despite the efforts of their comrades, the bodies of the Australian dead were unable to be recovered. Against these losses the Viet Cong had suffered at least six killed, one wounded and five captured. Confronted by an equal sized force, dug-in in well-prepared defences, the Australians had performed creditably enough even if they had been forced to withdraw, leaving the battlefield to the Viet Cong. Despite inflicting heavier casualties on the communists than they had suffered themselves, many of the Australians were depressed at having left two soldiers behind, and they longed for the opportunity to return to Gang Toi. In 2007, more than 40 years after the fighting, an Australian Vietnam veteran—Jim Bourke, MG—and a team of volunteers successfully located the remains of both Parker and Gillson. They had been hastily buried together in a weapon pit the day after the battle by Viet Cong soldiers, and with the assistance of the Australian and Vietnamese governments they were subsequently returned to Australia for burial.
Assessment.
Although A Company, 1 RAR had been mauled, the experience of the Australians at Gang Toi was relatively minor when compared to that of the Americans. During fierce fighting the US 1/503rd Battalion had suffered nearly a 100 casualties, including 40 killed and 51 wounded, while more than 400 Viet Cong were believed killed. American claims were later raised to over 700 killed when captured documents revealed the losses caused by artillery and air strikes. Yet it was questionable as to whether such battles of attrition would be viable, while equally the American battalion had taken casualties far beyond what would have been politically acceptable for 1 RAR. Indeed, their losses had been significant, and although claimed as a victory, the Americans had failed to secure the area even if the Viet Cong had temporarily surrendered control of the battlefield. Ultimately, the communists continued to use the Bien Hoa area as a major supply route for the rest of the war.
Brumfield considered Operation Hump to be the least successful operation in which the Australian battalion had participated, and he criticised it as being badly conceived from the start, and mounted with too little intelligence or prior reconnaissance. Indeed from the initial landing zone being occupied by the Viet Cong, failures in the passage of information, the heavy losses suffered by the US 1/503rd Battalion and the subsequent difficulties with casualty evacuation, the operation had not run smoothly. The Australians were vengeful for their losses and wanted to return to collect their dead, however with 1 RAR absorbed into other operations the planned battalion attack on Hill 82 never occurred. Regardless, further operations followed in the months afterwards, with 1 RAR subsequently employed on Operation New Life in November and December, and later Operation Crimp in the Ho Bo Woods in January 1966. Operation Hump was Brumfield's last however, with an old football injury forcing his evacuation to Australia in mid-November. He was subsequently replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Alex Preece.
Subsequent operations.
At the strategic level the ARVN and the South Vietnamese government had both rallied after appearing on the verge of collapse and the communist threat against Saigon had subsided, yet additional troop increases were required if Westmoreland was to adopt a more offensive strategy, with US troop levels planned to rise from 210,000 in January 1966 to 327,000 by December 1966. The Australian government increased its own commitment to the ground war in March 1966, announcing the deployment of a two battalion brigade—the 1st Australian Task Force—with armour, aviation, engineer and artillery support; in total 4,500 men. Additional Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) and the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) force elements would also be deployed and with all three services total Australian strength in Vietnam was planned to increase to 6,300 personnel. 1 RAR was subsequently replaced by 1 ATF which was allocated its own area of operations in Phuoc Tuy Province, thereby allowing the Australians to pursue operations more independently using their own counter-insurgency tactics and techniques. The task force arrived between April and June 1966, constructing a base at Nui Dat, while logistic arrangements were provided by the 1st Australian Logistics Support Group which was established at the port of Vung Tau.

</doc>
<doc id="9854864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854864" title="Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line">
Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line

The is a railway line operated by Nagoya Railroad (Meitetsu), between Toyohashi Station, Toyohashi and Meitetsu Gifu, Gifu. All the stations accept Tranpass, a prepaid magnetic card.
The line is the main line of the operator. The line has rivaled Tōkaidō Main Line in the Chūkyō Metropolitan Area (Greater Nagoya). Local traffic on the Nagoya Line used to be much heavier than on the Tōkaidō Main Line, but since the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR), transforming into the Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central) in this area, competition has become much stronger in the Chūkyō area into the competition became much more fierce.
Due to historical reasons, the line shares its track between Hirai Signal Box and Toyohashi Station with the JR Iida Line. The agreement between two companies prohibits Meitetsu to have more than 6 trains in one direction per hour on the 3.8 km of shared tracks. Consequently, local trains are unable to reach Toyohashi, instead, terminate at Ina Station.
Many branch lines of Meitetsu have through services to/from the Nagoya Line. Toyokawa, Nishio, Tokoname (which has its through services with Airport, Kōwa, Chita), and Inuyama lines all have through services bound for Meitetsu Nagoya, making the segment around the station extremely busy. Between Biwajima Junction and Kanayama, 26 trains go through per hour, even during less busy daytime services.
Rapid services.
Abbreviations are tentative for this article.
Stations.
For abbreviations of rapid trains, refer to the above section. For distances and connections, see the route diagram.
Some trains stop at stations signed with lower cases. At Sukaguchi, Limited Expresses only from Tsushima Line stop, shown as LE*.
For distances and transfers, see the route diagram.

</doc>
<doc id="9854870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854870" title="Southern Crab Nebula">
Southern Crab Nebula

The Southern Crab Nebula or Hen2-104 is a nebula in the constellation Centaurus. The nebula is several thousand light years from Earth, and its central star is a symbiotic Mira variable - white dwarf pair. It is named for its resemblance to the Crab Nebula, which is in the northern sky.
The nebula had already been observed using Earth-based telescopes, but images taken with the Hubble Space Telescope (shown) in 1999 have provided much more detail, revealing that at the center of the nebula are a pair of stars, a red giant and a white dwarf.

</doc>
<doc id="9854896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854896" title="Mohammad Shahzada">
Mohammad Shahzada

Mohammad Shahzada Hossain (born September 10, 1986 in Rasai) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays first class cricket for Rajshahi Division. He is a right-arm medium-fast bowler and has also represented the Bangladesh Cricket Board XI.

</doc>
<doc id="9854898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854898" title="Elizabeth Bagshaw">
Elizabeth Bagshaw

Elizabeth Catherine Bagshaw, (October 1881 – January 5, 1982) was one of Canada's first female doctors and the medical director of the first birth control clinic in Canada.
History.
Born on a farm in Mariposa Township, Victoria County, Ontario, she attended Lindsay Collegiate before enrolling in the Women's Medical College (now Women's College Hospital) in Toronto in 1901. Since the College was unable to grant degrees, she received her degree from the University of Toronto. In 1906, she moved to Hamilton, Ontario where she set up a medical practice. From 1932 until 1966, she was the medical director of Canada's first birth control clinic. She retired at the age of 95 in 1976 and was the oldest practicing physician in Canada at the time. She became a Centenarian in 1981.
Awards and distinctions.
In 1970, she was awarded Hamilton's Citizen of the Year. In 1972, she was made a Member of the Order of Canada. In 1978, the National Film Board of Canada produced a film about her called "Doctor Woman: The Life and Times of Dr. Elizabeth Bagshaw". In 1979, she was one of the first seven women to receive the Governor General's Awards in Commemoration of the Persons Case "to recognize outstanding contributions to the quality of life of women in Canada". In 2007, she was inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame. The Elizabeth Bagshaw Elementary School in Hamilton is named in her honour as is the Elizabeth Bagshaw Women's Clinic in Vancouver, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="9854911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854911" title="Henry Young (footballer)">
Henry Young (footballer)

Henry "Tracker" Young (18 May 1873 – 9 January 1923) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Young was an outstanding ruckman who was allegedly never beaten in a game. Tracker was recruited from Wellington, a local team and first played in the Victorian Football Association days. A successful participant in numerous sports he was master of them all. He commanded respect whether it was on the football field, the boxing ring, riding in the Melbourne to Warrnambool road race, or rowing on Corio Bay.
A supremely athletic and fit person, it allowed him to ruck for four quarters, often brilliantly and with a dominating effect on his opponents, such was the consistency of his play the opposing rovers tried to feed off his hit outs. Strong and courageous, and a magnificent high mark he displayed a cool temperament and always at the forefront of protecting his teammates with effective shepherding. 
Tracker sustained serious injury problems in 1898 and 1899, which precluded him from playing 200 games, however he made a strong comeback and throughout his career provided tremendous service and was inspirational to his teammates as club captain (137 games as captain).
In 1996, Young was named in the Geelong Football Club Team of the Century as well as be inducted to the AFL Hall of Fame. Tracker also won the Geelong Best and Fairest Award (pre-Carji Greeves Medal) in 1905 and 1906.
Tracker's fitness was that impressive that it is well known that he ran 30 plus kilometers along the beach to the game, play four quarters in the ruck and then ran 30 kilometers back home.

</doc>
<doc id="9854912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854912" title="1998 Asian Athletics Championships">
1998 Asian Athletics Championships

The 12th Asian Championships in Athletics were held in Fukuoka, Japan in July 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="9854920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854920" title="Uny">
Uny


</doc>
<doc id="9854927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854927" title="Dwijendranath Tagore">
Dwijendranath Tagore

Dwijendranath Tagore () (11 March 1840 – 19 January 1926) was an Indian poet, song composer, philosopher, mathematician, and a pioneer in Bengali shorthand and musical notations.
Formative years.
The eldest son of Debendranath Tagore and grandson of Dwarkanath Tagore of the Jorasanko branch of the Tagore family, he was mainly educated at home, but later studied for some time in St. Paul’s school and Hindu College of Calcutta (now Kolkata). He was always close to his next brother Satyendranath (1842–1923), but the two brothers differed considerably. While Dwijendranath was comfortable with traditions in society, Satyendranath enjoyed breaking down conservative rules and developing a modern society. A simple person he spent his time in cultivating poetry, acquiring knowledge and conducting various experiments. His wife died at a considerably young age and he remained a widower the rest of his life.
Poetry.
His first contribution to Bengali literature was the Bengali translation of Kalidasa’s classical Sanskrit work "Meghaduta" in 1860, before Rabindranath Tagore (1861–1941), his younger brother and Nobel-prize winning poet, was born. Dwijendranath was only twenty years old at that time. It was the first time that the great Sanskrit poetic work was translated into Bengali. He had used two different Bengali rhythmic styles for the translation.
His second great work of poetry was "Swapnaprayan", published in 1875. Even when it was written Rabindranath was an adolescent. This poem describes the travels of a young man to different places. He had displayed a remarkable control over the use of different rhythmic styles in the book. The book is of historic value and was a trend-setter.
Michael Madhusudan Dutta was at the height of his success, when Dwijendranath started writing poetry. On return to Calcutta from Madras (now Chennai) in 1856, Michael Madhusudan worked with marvellous devotion for six years until he sailed for Europe, producing such plays and poems as "Tilottama" (1859), "Padmavati" (1860), "Meghnadbadh Kavya" (1861), "Vrajangana" (1861), "Krishnakumari" (1861), "Virangana" (1862), and so on, each scintillating with a new grace that raised ‘Bengali literature to the highest pinnacle of glory’ through brilliant successors such as Bankim Chandra Chatterjee and Rabindranath Tagore. It was an age when Michael Madhusudan influenced all Bengali poets but Dwijendranath was free from any such impact. On the other hand, Michael Madhusudan had hailed Dwijendranath as a poet of the future in whose honor he could dip his hat in respect.
Dwijendranath was a highly talented poet but a disorganised person. Rabindranath said that so many pages of "Swapnaprayan" used to float around the Jorasanko Thakur Bari that if it could be collected and published it would have been a valuable volume.
Philosophy.
Dwijendranath was ‘a true philosopher.’ He consorted with the learned of the National Society and the "Biddvajjan-Samagam", both of which he helped to found. He delved deep into the philosophy of the "Bhagavad Gita".
His philosophical work, "Tattwabidya" ("Knowledge of Principles"), published in three volumes between 1866 and 1868, was a pioneering effort in Bengali. Never before had such a work been published in that language. In 1896, he published "Adwaita Mater Samalochana" (Criticism of Adwaita philosophy) and in 1899, "Aryadharma O Boudhya Dharmer Ghat-Protighat" (a book on the conflicts of Aryan religion and Buddhism).
Activities.
He edited "Tattwabodhini Patrika" for 25 years from 1884 and was founder of "Hitabadi". He was keen on extending "Tattwabodhini Patrika" but his younger brother Jyotirindranath Tagore (1849–1925) proposed a new magazine, "Bharati". Although he was editor, it was effectively run by his younger brother.
His contribution in the field of Bengali literature was acknowledged with his being elected president of Bangiya Sahitya Parishad from 1897 to 1900. He presided over the 1914 session of the Bangiya Sahitya Sammelan.
As a "Zamindar" absentee landlord in 1873 he advocated drastic action for "the restoration of order and tranquility" against peasants participating in the Pabna disturbances, which was severely curtailing his income.
Dwijendranath was always busy with experiments of various types. He was a pioneer in the field of Bengali shorthand and even coded it in the form of poetry. He pioneered the use of notations ("swaralipi") for Bengali music. The only other person who could claim credit for it was Keshetra Mohan Goswami, assistant to Raja Shourindramohan Tagore. In 1913, he wrote a book "Boxometry" about construction of boxes. He was adept in folding paper into different shapes.
He was secretary of the Adi Brahmo Samaj from 1866 to 1871 and used to serve as "acharya" or minister for "upasanas" or Brahmo prayers. He had accompanied his father Debendranath to Dhaka when Dhaka Brahmo Samaj was in its formative years under the leadership of Braja Sundar Mitra.
Closely associated with Hindu Mela, he was its secretary and composed patriotic songs for it. Composing songs came naturally to him. One of his devotional songs, "karo tanr nam gaan, jato din rahe dehe pran" (sing his praise as long as there is life in the body) has been sung with the prayers on 7th of Poush for many years. He wrote many other devotional songs broadly classified as "Brahmasangeet", sung with prayers of Brahmo Samaj. One popular patriotic song he composed for the Hindu Mela was: 'malin mukhachandrama Bharat tomari' (pale is your face, o India).
At Santiniketan.
Dwijendranath spent the last twenty years of his life at Santiniketan, in one-ness with nature, still learning and writing. He wrote humorous four-line rhymes on people in Santiniketan, which were published in "Santinketan Patrika". His sense of humor was a talking point for many years. His friendship with sparrows, squirrels and crows became legends in Santiniketan.
He followed the advice of the "Upanishads" – "After acquiring knowledge remain a child at heart". There was no limit to his acquisition of knowledge but his main field of study was philosophy. He read his papers at the "majlis" or gathering of learned men, including Rabindranath. Whenever he was stuck with some intellectual problem, there were learned persons such as Bidhusekhar Sastri and Kshiti Mohan Sen to help him out.
Rabindranath used to call him "borodada" (reverential way of saying eldest brother). Right from the time Mahatma Gandhi and C.F.Andrews first visited Santiniketan, on their return from South Africa, both used to have the highest regard for Dwijendranath and used to address him as "borodada". While forwarding a letter written by Dwijendranath to a newspaper for publication, Mahatma Gandhi wrote, “You know Dwijendranath. He is the eldest brother of Sri Rabindranath Tagore and is leading, like his father the late Devendranath Tagore, practically the life of a "sannyasi".”
Works.
In Bengali: "Bhratrbhab" (1863), "Tattvabidya" (1866–68), "Sonar Kathi Rupar Kathi" (1885), "Sonay Sohaga" (1885), "Aryami ebang Sahebiana" (1890), "Samajik Roger Kaviraji Chikitsa" (1891), "Advaitamater Samalochana" (1896), "Brahmajnan O Brahmasadhana" (1900), "Banger Rangabhumi" (1907), "Haramanir Anvesan" (1908), "Gitapather Bhumika" (1915), and "Prabandhamala" (1920).
In English: "Boxometry" (1913), "Ontology" (1871), and a book on geometry.
He published innumerable writings in different magazines such as "Jnanankur", "Pratibimva", "Tattwabodhini Patrika", "Bharati", "Sadhana", new look "Bangadarshan", "Manasi", "Sahitya Parishad Patrika", "Santiniketan", "Budhbar", "Shreyasi", "Prabasi", "Sabujpatra", and "Suprabhat".
Descendants.
Dwijendranath had five sons — Dipendranath, Arunendranath, Nitindranath, Sudhindranath and Kripendra. Amongst his sons, Sudhindranath (1869–1929) was a talented author. He wrote poems, novels and short stories. He introduced a new literary magazine, "Sadhana" in 1891 and was its first editor. Later, Rabindranath edited it and subsequently it was merged with "Bharati".
Amongst his grandsons, Dinendranath (1882–1935), son of Dipendranath, had exceptional talent for music. He could remember the tune of any song he heard once. Rabindranath used to compose tunes for the songs he wrote but found it difficult to remember and codify them. The task was largely done by Dinendranath. He used to listen to the song and then develop its notations ("swaralipi"). Rabindranath used to call him the storekeeper of his songs.
Another grandson of his, Soumendranath Tagore (1910–1974), son of Sudhindranath, was a great orator. His was a name to reckon with in the cultural arena in the 1960s and '70s. He was associated with the communist movement from his younger days.
Dwijendranath is an ancestor of the film actress Sharmila Tagore. One of Dwijendranath's granddaughters, Latika, is the maternal grandmother of Sharmila Tagore.

</doc>
<doc id="9854931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854931" title="Shabbir Khan">
Shabbir Khan

Shabbir Khan Shafin (born January 30, 1978 in Dhaka) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays first-class cricket for Chittagong Division. He is a right-arm offbreak bowler and handy lower-order batsman. Shabbir has made two first-class centuries to date and has taken over 200 wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="9854934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854934" title="Berjaya Hills Resort">
Berjaya Hills Resort

Berjaya Hills Resort (formerly Bukit Tinggi Resort) is a hill resort in Bukit Tinggi, Pahang, Malaysia near the Genting Highlands. It is known for its French-themed village, Colmar Tropicale.

</doc>
<doc id="9854969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854969" title="Hawai'i Department of Land and Natural Resources">
Hawai'i Department of Land and Natural Resources

The Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources (DLNR) is a part of the Hawaii state government dedicated to managing state parks and other natural resources of the state of Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="9854971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854971" title="Nazimuddin (cricketer)">
Nazimuddin (cricketer)

Mohammed Nazimuddin Ahmed (born 1 October 1985) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. A right-handed specialist batsman, he is the captain of Chittagong Division, and has played Test, limited overs and Twenty20 cricket for Bangladesh.
Nazimuddin made his first class debut at the age of 16. Over the following seasons he was selected to play in the Bangladesh A and Bangladesh Under-19 teans. He played his first senior match for Bangladesh in 2007, in a Twenty20 tournament in Kenya. He was also selected in the Bangladesh national squad tour to Australia in August and September 2008. However, he broke his finger in the warmup to the matches and could not participate. Later in 2008, he was part of a group of Bangladesh players banned from Bangladeshi cricket for ten years for playing in the private Indian Cricket League (ICL). He left the ICL in 2009; the Bangladesh Cricket Board responded by rescinding its ban.
Nazimuddin was recalled to the national team for the two-Test series against Pakistan in December 2011. He made his Test debut in the first match of the series in Chittagong, opening the batting for Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="9854973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854973" title="Muchachas que estudian">
Muchachas que estudian

Muchachas que estudian is a Argentine comedy film directed and written by Manuel Romero. The film premiered on September 6, 1939 in Buenos Aires and starred Sofía Bozán, Enrique Serrano and Delia Garcés.

</doc>
<doc id="9854978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854978" title="Abgal (god)">
Abgal (god)

Abgal (cognate with the sumerian ab.gal, related to the akkadian apkallu, "ferryman") is a pre-Islamic north Arabian god, known from the Palmyrian desert regions as a god of Bedouins and camel drivers.
Further reading.
Javier Teixidor, "The pantheon of Palmyra", Leiden: Brill, 1979, pp. 80-82

</doc>
<doc id="9854984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854984" title="John Sinclair (bishop)">
John Sinclair (bishop)

John Sinclair (died April 1566) was an Ordinary Lord and later Lord President in the Court of Session. He married Mary, Queen of Scots to Lord Darnley.
Family.
He was the fourth son of Sir Oliver Sinclair of Roslin (d. after 11 April 1510) by his spouse Margaret, daughter of William Borthwick, 2nd Lord Borthwick. John was a younger brother of Henry Sinclair, Bishop of Ross, and their sister Margaret was married to Robert Lauder, of The Bass (d. June 1576). In a Precept of Clare Constat (GD122/1/340, NAS) dated 2 May 1566, John , Bishop of Brechin, is referred to as "maternal uncle of Robert Lauder of Popple, knight, heir of Robert Lauder of Bass, and Margaret Sinclare, sister of Robert Sinclare of Over Liberton".
Career.
Douglas writes: "Dr.John Sinclair, bred to the church, a man of great piety and learning, and for his extraordinary knowledge of our laws, was first appointed one of the Ordinary Lords of Session, then Lord President 'in his brother's place' note in margin. He was 'Dean of Restalrig near Edinburgh and was' note in margin afterwards preferred to the Bishoprick of Brechin". 
Before December 1537 he was Prebendary of Corstorphine. Afterwards, as Rector of Snaw, John Sinclair was admitted as an Ordinary Lord in the Court of Session on 27 April 1540. He was afterwards appointed by King James V, confirmed by a Bull of Pope Paul III dated 27 August 1542, as Dean of the Church of St. Mary of Restalrig, a valuable benefice stated to be £60 sterling. He attended his brother Henry to France in 1564, and brought back with him to Scotland the materials which Henry had amassed for a continuation of Boece's "History of Scotland". He also succeeded Henry as Lord President of the Court of Session. Shortly after July 1565 he was promoted to the Episcopal See of Brechin, but did not long enjoy the dignity, dying the following year.
Marriage of the Queen.
As Dean of Restalrig, he had the honour of marrying Mary, Queen of Scots to Henry Stewart, Lord Darnley in Holyrood Abbey on 29 July 1565.
Works.
There is speculation as to whether the work entitled "Sinclair's Practicks" should be attributed to him or his brother Henry. There are two manuscript copies of this work preserved in the Advocates' Library in Edinburgh, and one of them is stated by Ruddiman, in an Introductory Note, to have been transcribed from the original MSS, then in the possession of Lord Pitmedden. The decisions commence on 1 June 1540 and are continued until 28 May 1549.
Death.
In April 1566 the Bishop of Brechin "was seized with fever", and died. In a long "Instrument" dealing with the disputed redemption of property, in favour of Robert Lawder of Popple, knight, dated 9 May 1573, Sir Robert is referred to specifically as "heir of Mr.John Sinclair, Dean of Restalrig".

</doc>
<doc id="9854990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854990" title="Bücker Bü 133">
Bücker Bü 133

The Bücker Bü 133 Jungmeister ("Young master") was an advanced trainer of the "Luftwaffe" in the 1930s. It was a single-engine, single-seat biplane of wood and tubular steel construction and covered in fabric.
Development.
The Bü 133 was a development of the Bücker Bü 131 Jungmann two-seat basic trainer. First flown in 1935 (by Luise Hoffmann, the first female works pilot in Germany), it was slightly smaller than the Bü 131. The prototype, D-EVEO, was powered by a Hirth HM506 inverted, air-cooled inline-6 engine. 
The aircraft showed "astonishing agility" at its first public appearance, the 1936 International Aerobatic Championship at Rangsdorf, but the Bü 133A garnered no orders; only two Bü 133Bs, with Siemens-Bramo Sh 14A radials, were built.
The main production type was the Sh 14A-powered Bü 133C, which had a distinctive cowling and a -shorter fuselage, and the same fine aerobatic performance as the Bü 133A.
Fifty-two were manufactured under licence by Dornier for the Swiss Air Force (which kept it in service until 1968). A similar number were built for the Spanish air force by CASA, and were designated the CASA 1-133.
Operational history.
The Bü 133C racked up numerous victories in international aerobatic competition, and by 1938 was the "Luftwaffe"s standard advanced trainer. At the Brussels meet that year, a three-man "Luftwaffe" team made a strong impression on "Reichsmarschall" Hermann Göring, who ordered a nine-man team be formed. It dazzled the crowds at the International Flying meet in Brussels the next year.
The "Jungmeister" design remained competitive in international aerobatic competition into the 1960s.
Operators.
http://avia-info.hu/talalat.php?Funkcio=osszetett&KeresettSzo=&Keresolista=mind&GTA=t72&Uzem=&Hazai=&Fajta=&Uzemkezdet=&Uzemveg=&Hely=&Megszunes=&Megjelenes=&Frisseseg=&Sorrend=jel&Darab=15&kEgyszerusitett=N&B1=K%FCld%E9s

</doc>
<doc id="9854996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854996" title="F. L. Věk">
F. L. Věk

F.L. Věk is a historical novel written by a Czech writer Alois Jirásek. It is the largest (5 volumes) and the most artistically valuable work by Jirásek. The novel is set during early stage of the Czech National Revival. Jirásek started to work on it in 1888, the first volume was published in 1891 and the last one in 1906.
The character of F.L. Věk is based on life of František Vladislav Hek, a participant in the revival. The novel also portrays actor and writer Václav Thám and publisher Václav Matěj Kramerius, important figures of the national revival.
The novel was published several times and was filmed in 1971 TV series F. L. Věk. The town Dobruška (where Hek had lived and where most of the novel is set) named its main square after the literal figure ("Náměstí F.L. Věka"). Since 2011, there is organized The International Music Festival of F. L. Vek. 

</doc>
<doc id="9855019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855019" title="Sofía Bozán">
Sofía Bozán

Sofía Bozán (November 5, 1904 - July 9, 1958 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film actress and tango performer of the 1930s and 1940s. She made almost 30 appearances in film between 1937 and 1959.
She began her career in acting in 1931 and appeared in films such as Puerto nuevo in 1936 and Loco lindo (1937) and Muchachas que estudian in 1939.
She also appeared in the tango film Arriba el telón o el patio de la morocha in 1951 as herself.
She died of cancer only aged 53 in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9855027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855027" title="Ama-arhus">
Ama-arhus

Ama-arhus (Arad-Ama-arhus, Amat-Ama-arhus) is an Akkadian fertility goddess. She is mentioned in texts as being amongst the pantheon at Uruk in Hellenistic times, but is also found as an earlier aspect of the deity Gula.

</doc>
<doc id="9855044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855044" title="Vek">
Vek

Vek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9855048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855048" title="David Robertson (naturalist)">
David Robertson (naturalist)

Dr David Robertson FLS, FGS (1806–1896) was a Scottish naturalist who founded the University Marine Biological Station, Millport.
Robertson was born in Glasgow. From age 8 he worked as a herd boy in Ayrshire, Scotland but eventually went on to gain a medical degree. His interests turned to the study of Natural History in the town he regularly visited, Millport, in the Firth of Clyde. He studied the local flora and fauna and established Millport as a significant area for marine biological research. In 1885 he had the 'Ark', an old floating laboratory, drawn up on shore, at Port Loy, Cumbrae. He persuaded members of the professional and business community in Glasgow to fund a permanent marine research station there. Work was progressing on the building of the present Marine Station and museum when Robertson died aged 90. The station opened in 1897 and consisted of a laboratory, museum, and public aquarium. 
With George Stewardson Brady (1832–1921) and HW Crosskey he wrote "A Monograph of the Post-Tertiary Entomostraca of Scotland", printed for the Palaeontographical Society. With Crosskey he wrote on the post-tertiary fossiliferous beds of Scotland ("Trans. Geol. Soc. Glasgow").
Robertson was known as 'The Cumbrae Naturalist'.

</doc>
<doc id="9855054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855054" title="Amasagnul">
Amasagnul

Amasagnul is an Akkadian fertility goddess. She is mentioned in documents from the Hellenistic period at Uruk, and is thought to be the consort of the god Papsukkal
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9855065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855065" title="Baltic Cup">
Baltic Cup

Baltic Cup can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9855070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855070" title="Lucy Brown">
Lucy Brown

Lucy Brown (born 13 February 1979) is an English actress best known for dual roles in the TV series "Primeval".
Biography.
Early life.
Lucy Brown was born in Crawley, Sussex, but grew up in Cambridgeshire. She is the daughter of Christopher Brown and Helen Burleigh and has a younger brother named Mark. She went to King's College Prep School in Cambridge and then on to Oundle School in Northamptonshire which she left to attend Hills Road Sixth Form College in Cambridge. She then went on to graduate from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama London. In December 2007, she was declared "Most Beautiful English Actress of the Year" by a panel of 104 actors.
Acting career.
Her first job was the famous 'Lux' commercial where she appeared with Gisele Bündchen. She has made high-profile appearances in "Sharpe's Challenge", "Malice Aforethought", "North and South" with Richard Armitage, "Whatever Love Means", and in the dual roles of Claudia Brown and Jenny Lewis in the ITV1 science-fiction television series "Primeval" (2007–11). After leaving "Primeval", she played a minor role in NBC's "The Philanthropist". In 2010, she appeared in "Bonded By Blood" and "Frost" opposite Dean Cain. Brown returned to "Primeval" for Series 4 (as Jenny Lewis).
Lucy also frequently takes part in 'Word Theatre', live theatre events run by Cedering Fox (www.wordtheatre.com) and has performed for them in Los Angeles and London. She also reads for audio books.
She recently revealed that she and Olivia Poulet are currently writing a comedy drama.
Personal life.
She lives in London

</doc>
<doc id="9855086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855086" title="Papsukkal">
Papsukkal

Papsukkal is the messenger god in the Akkadian pantheon. He is identified in late Akkadian texts and is known chiefly from the Hellenistic period. His consort is Amasagnul, and he acts as both messenger and gatekeeper for the rest of the pantheon. A sanctuary, the E-akkil is identified from the Mesopotamian site of Mkish. He becomes syncretised from Ninshubur.
He is the regent of the 10th month in the Babylonian calendar.
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9855096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855096" title="Urasoe Castle">
Urasoe Castle

In the 14th century, Urasoe was the largest castle on the island, but today only ruins remain.
Site.
The castle ruins lie behind the modern city of Urasoe, on the northern edge of Naha, today the capital of Okinawa Prefecture. It sits roughly 130-140m above sea level, and consists of two sections, arranged for the most part along a northwest-southeast axis. The "Kogusuku" (old castle) and "Migusuku" together cover an area roughly 380m long by 60-70m wide, the "kogusuku" being on a slightly higher rise to the east of the "migusuku". A series of interconnected enclosures cross the site from east-west.
As much of the site has been extensively damaged, both historically and more recently, the overall size, layout and structure of the castle is difficult to ascertain, along with many other aspects of its history and use.
A series of four separate ramparts and palisades defended the lower portion of the castle, along with a moat that has been dated to the late 14th or early 15th century. The upper portion of the castle, like many other "gusuku", was situated in such a way that it was sufficiently defended by sheer cliffs and the sea and likely lacked significant defensive walls or ramparts.
The oldest Buddhist temples in Okinawa, the Ryufuku-ji and Gokuraku-ji, are nearby, along with Urasoe yōdore, the site of the royal mausolea of several kings of Chūzan, dug directly into the cliffside.
King Eiso (r. 1260–1299) ruled Chūzan from Urasoe, and is entombed near the northwest cliff of the castle. His mausoleum contains three stone coffins from China, possibly from Fujian; it is believed that Eiso is buried in the largest one, his father and grandfather in the other two. The coffins are decorated with birds, flowers, deer, shishi (lion-dogs), and various Buddhist images, along with dragons and phoenixes on the lids, which are designed to look like tiled roofs. Eiso lived in the 13th century, however, based on the style of designs and decorations on the coffins, archaeologists believe these to be of later, 15th-century, construction. King Shō Nei (r. 1597–1620), is also entombed here.
Excavations in the last decades of the 20th century uncovered a ceremonial path leading from the castle to the tombs, along with the remains of an artificial lake, a tunnel entrance to the castle, and a series of residences believed to have belonged to a noble family. Over 30,000 artifacts were recovered from these excavations.
History.
As royal capital, Urasoe represents the first instance of a major shift in the construction of elite structures, and castles ("gusuku") in particular, in Okinawa. It is believed to have been grander in scale and complexity than sites which came before. Most of what is known about the castle's history comes from archaeological excavations, and not from narrative historical documentation.
Low stone walls and post-holes indicate the original form of the castle, constructed in the late 13th–early 14th centuries. Over the next century or so, the castle was expanded, and came to encompass what is today labeled the "kogusuku". Korean roof tiles were used in the expansions and construction at this time.
Significant portions of the castle were taken away in the early 16th century to aid in the construction of Shuri Castle. The castle remained in use, however, and Shō Iko, the son of King Shō Shin, took up residence there in 1509. Finding it largely in ruins, he oversaw its refurbishment, and it is believed he moved the residential section of the castle from the "kogusuku" to the "migusuku" at this time.
The castle was burned and destroyed in the 1609 invasion of Ryukyu by Satsuma, along with the Ryufuku-ji temple which sat below it on the hillside.
Many scholars have traditionally seen the establishment of Shuri as royal capital as bringing with it great changes and developments in the representation of the monarchy. However, some scholars today believe that "the form for the royal capital at Shuri, which included a central palace ("seiden"), a plaza for gathering allied elites and subjects, a ritual area, a large external pond, and attached Buddhist temples, was already complete at Urasoe". Archaeologists point out in particular the wealth, power, and aesthetic grandeur indicated by elements of the site's structures. Roof tiles and other items, mostly ceramics, were imported from Korea, and stone coffins carved in the Chinese style, likely in Fujian, were also imported, indicating the tiny kingdom's extensive trade and diplomatic connections; items from Korea, in particular, are known to have been quite rare and expensive in Okinawa for many centuries, and have been excavated only in the most elite of sites. The Buddhist temples on the site indicate strong political and cultural connections to Japan, and the large pond or lake below the castle is a common symbol of elite power and prestige throughout East Asia.
The castle and the ridge it was built upon were also a Japanese defensive position during the Battle of Okinawa. Desmond Doss earned his Medal of Honor by lowering injured men down the cliff on the North side of the castle.

</doc>
<doc id="9855108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855108" title="Jedediah Huntington">
Jedediah Huntington

Jedediah (or Jedidiah) Huntington (4 August 1743 – 25 September 1818), was an American general in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. After the war, he served in numerous civilian posts.
Biography.
He was born in Norwich, Connecticut, the son of Jabez and Elizabeth (Backus) Huntington. He graduated from Harvard in 1763 and received a master's degree from Yale University in 1770.
He was engaged in commercial pursuits with his father, was an active Son of Liberty, and a member of the Committee of Correspondence that was established at a Norwich town meeting on 6 June 1774.
He was a slightly built man: "His greatness was rather intellectual and moral than physical, as there is in existence a memorandum of the weighing of several revolutionary officers at West Point, August 19, 1788; when Gen. Washington weighed 209 pounds, Gen. Lincoln, 224, Gen. Knox, 280, and Gen. Huntington, 132." 
After the war he was one of the first board of foreign missions, and a zealous supporter of charitable institutions. He was one of the organizers of the Society of the Cincinnati. In 1788 he was appointed high sheriff of New London and later the same year the following announcement appeared in the papers: "Major General Huntington Esq. Vice President of the order of Cincinnati, High Sheriff for the county of New London, Judge of Probate for the district of Norwich, first Alderman of the city of Norwich, one of the representatives of the town in the State Legislature, and one of the State Electors, is now appointed by the General Assembly Treasurer for the State of Connecticut." Later in 1789, he relinquished most of these duties when President Washington appointed him to be the customs house collector for the coastal area from the Connecticut River to Rhode Island. He held this post, living in New London, until his death in 1818. Initially buried in New London, his remains were disinterred and laid to rest in the family tomb in Norwich as he requested in his will. 
The Gen. Jedidiah Huntington House, in Norwichtown, survives and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1970. He entertained many distinguished officers in his house, among whom were Lafayette, Steuben, and Pulaski. When Lauzun's Legion was stationed at Lebanon during the winter of 1780/1, he invited that commander and his officers to a banquet.
Military Career.
As the war approached, Jedediah became an active officer in the Norwich militia. He was appointed ensign of the first Norwich militia company in October of 1769, became a lieutenant in 1771, and a captain in May of 1774. In October of 1774, Jedediah was made Colonel of the 20th Regiment of Connecticut Militia. When Israel Bissell brought the Lexington Alarm to Norwich on April 20, 1775, he personally delivered it to Colonel Huntington, who immediately got his men ready to march. On April 26 they arrived in Wrentham, Massachusetts, and a few days later they were in Roxbury and became part of the Siege of Boston. 
About May 20, 1775, Colonel Huntington traveled the 65 miles back to Norwich to put his affairs in order before returning to his command. While there, he arranged for his wife Faith and some of the other officer's wives to travel back to Roxbury to join their husbands at the siege. On their way back, the axle of their carriage was broken in an accident on June 13 near Providence, RI, and their journey was delayed. They arrived back in Roxbury just in time to see the bloody aftermath of the Battle of Bunker Hill. The shock of seeing this, and the realization of the danger her family was in, caused Faith to start having bouts of serious depression. Despite the best efforts of the family she continued to deteriorate and hanged herself on November 24, 1775.
In July of 1775, the Connecticut Assembly ordered the creation of the 8th Regiment and gave command to Colonel Huntington. The men were recruited mainly in New London, Hartford, and Windham Counties and included much of Huntington's 20th regiment. The regiment was stationed on the Long Island Sound until September 14 when, on requisition from Washington, it was ordered to the Boston Camps and took its post at Roxbury in Gen. Spencer's Brigade. The 8th remained active until expiration of the terms of service in December of 1775. 
As part of the January 1, 1776 organization of the Continental Army, Huntington's 8th Connecticut Regiment became the 17th Continental Regiment. Originally planned to have a strength of 728 officers and men, by the end of January the 17th only had about 400 men, as did most of the other regiments. Indeed, maintaining soldiers past their terms of service was a problem for the Continental Army. In a letter to Jabez Huntington, Colonel Huntington said, "we shall not with all our Rhetorick be able to retain many," On March 4th, Huntington's regiment was one of those ordered to take and hold Dorchester Heights, the action that ended the siege by forcing the British to evacuate Boston. The day following the end of the siege, Washington began moving the army to New York. As they passed through Norwich on April 8, Colonel Huntington, Governor Trumbull (Faith's father), and General Washington had dinner at the Huntington home. By April 22, Huntington and most of his unit were in position in New York. 
Huntington's regiment began fortifying New York City in anticipation of a British attack and it was here they heard of the Declaration of Independence. The 17th had lost men during the Boston siege due to illness and desertion, which continued in New York. On about August 19, Colonel Huntington became seriously ill, possibly with malaria, and was unable to perform his duties, so his second in command Lt. Col. Joel Clark replaced him. On August 24, the regiment was ordered to the Brooklyn front. Because it was so understrength it was placed under the command of Gen. Parsons and combined with Col. Atlee's Pennsylvania regiment.. When the Battle of Long Island was fought on the 27th, most of Huntington's regiment was surrounded and taken as prisoners, including Lt. Col. Clark, who died in captivity. The few men left of Huntington's regiment joined the main army under the command of Gen. Heath and evacuated with them as they fled New York. The 17th was never rebuilt and it ceased to exist when enlistments expired at the end of December.
When the Continental Army was reorganized as the "Continental Line" at the beginning of 1777, Colonel Huntington was placed in command of the 1st Regiment. In early April the Connecticut regiments were ordered to Peekskill to join the NY and New England troops for the season. As they were getting organized, the enemy launched the Battle of Ridgefield (also known as the Battle of Danbury) in which Huntington's regiment fought and after that they moved to Peekskill. On May 12, Jedediah was promoted to Brigadier general and placed in command of a brigade consisting of three Connecticut regiments. The Connecticut "line" stayed in Peekskill except for a few excursions. Huntington was ordered to move in support of Washington in the Battle of Brandywine, but the battle was over before they arrived. The Connecticut units were not used in the Saratoga campaign, so Washington moved them from Peekskill to join him at Valley Forge and they spent the bitter winter there.
In the spring of 1778 the troops were trained by Gen. Steuben before moving out in June to follow the British out of Philadelphia. General Huntington's brigade was part of the main line after Gen. Lee's retreat at the Battle of Monmouth. Starting on the 4th of July in Brunswick, NJ he was a member of the court-martial of Gen. Lee. At the winter camp in White Plains Gen. Huntington was placed in command of the four regiments in the 2nd Brigade of the Connecticut Division. Washington then moved Huntington's Brigade to Redding for the remainder of the winter.
Huntington's Brigade was ordered out of Redding in May of 1779 and sent to the Hudson River. In June it was encamped in the highlands on the east side of the river opposite West Point and here they continued construction of three redoubts that had previously been started. In response to Tryon's Raid the entire Connecticut division was ordered to move as quickly as possible in response, but it arrived after Tryon had sailed and they missed the opportunity to defend their own state. About 21 October, the enemy destroyed and abandoned their posts at Stony and Verplanck's Points, so the Connecticut Line was ordered to those locations, where they began repairs. With winter again approaching, the Connecticut units were ordered in mid-November to Morristown to camp with the main army.
In early 1780, Huntington's brigade was under the command of Gen. St. Clair because Jedediah was on furlough but on 3 April he was reinstated. Since the three-year enlistments of men from 1777 were expiring, General Huntington had to focus on recruiting to maintain the strength of the brigade. It was at this time that the levies (draft) were instated to fill the ranks. On June 7, the two Connecticut brigades (the other being under Gen. Parsons) were placed under the command of Gen. Lafayette and about June 20 left camp to return to the area around West Point. Although the army moved several times in response to enemy activity, little of significance happened that summer. The Connecticut troops were stationed about 40 miles south of West Point on the 26th of September. It was then they heard of the treason of Benedict Arnold and some of the units were positioned around West Point to protect it against a possible enemy attack. After the capture of John André, General Huntington was appointed one of the members of the board at his trial. The army stayed in this area over the coming winter. In October the Continental Congress ordered a reorganization of the army and the eight previous Connecticut regiments were combined into five new ones and Jedediah was placed in command of the 1st, 3rd, and 5th regiments.
The Connecticut Line left their winter quarters on June 21, 1781 bound for Peekskill. It was at this camp that the French army soldiers joined the patriots. In August, Gen. Washington took most of the army south, leaving the Connecticut, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts units behind to guard the highlands. Washington's movement ended at the Siege of Yorktown that effectively ended the war.
On Jun 24, 1783, Washington wrote that the army was "reduced to a competent garrison for West Point; Patterson, Huntington, and Greaton being the only brigadiers now left with it, besides the adjutant general." That same month Jedediah Huntington received the brevet rank of major general. The Treaty of Paris was signed on September 3, 1783, formally ending the war.
Family.
In addition to his father being a major general Jedediah's brother Andrew, and half-brothers Joshua, Ebenezer, and Zachariah were officers during the war.
Jedediah's first wife was Faith Trumbull (25 Jan 1742 - 24 Nov 1775), daughter of Connecticut Governor Jonathan Trumbull. Jed and Faith had a son Jabez (17 Sep 1767 - 16 Aug 1848), before she hung herself in Dedham (see his service at Boston in 1775). Jabez spent the rest of the war with her parents. Her brother John Trumbull painted the original of the picture of Jedediah shown on this page. 
Jedediah met Anne Moore in Peekskill, probably when his unit was based there in 1777. Her father was a Loyalist and a member of the High Church while Jed was a Patriot and a Puritan, but they were married with her father's blessing. 
Jed and Anne had seven children:

</doc>
<doc id="9855112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855112" title="References to Ophelia">
References to Ophelia

Ophelia is often referred to in literature and the arts, often in connection to suicide, love, and/or mental instability.
In music.
Artist.
Artist, producer, and singer-songwriter Debra Gail White performs by the stage name of Ophelia.

</doc>
<doc id="9855115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855115" title="1876 in Ireland">
1876 in Ireland

Events from the year 1876 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9855120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855120" title="Adelina Tattilo">
Adelina Tattilo

Adelina Tattilo is acknowledged to be a pioneer in the Italian erotic magazine publishing sector, who contributed to change the social customs Italy from the second half the 1960s. By launching "Playmen", Tattilo engaged publishers like Hugh Hefner and Larry Flynt in an ideological battle to liberate sexual attitudes and free them from bigotry and false moralisms.
In the 1960s, Tattilo launched "Menelik", a successful weekly magazine of erotic comic strips, featuring the character 'Bernarda'. This periodical came to sell up to 100,000 copies each week. In 1965 Tattilio and her husband, later separated, broke into publishing with a weekly called "Big," a magazine for teenage boys, which answered questions of curiosity about sex, reaching sales approaching 400,000 per week. A year later they started "Men", a weekly collection of photographs of nude women purchased from Scandinavia or provided by Italian modeling agents. "Playmen" was founded in 1967, and looked similar to Playboy, which was then banned in Italy. Tattilio reported that "Playmen" cost $US 640,000 to launch, in 1967, and it had risen to an estimated net worth of $1,600,000 in as soon as 1971.
Tattilo made the decisions at "Playmen", including cover-girl choices and took risks such as publishing covert paparazzi pictures of Brigitte Bardot sunbathing topless.
In the early 1970s, Tattilo's publishing house introduced on the market with a series of books including "Dizionario della Letteratura Erotica" (Dictionary of Erotic Literature), "La Marijuana Fa Bene" (Marijuana Does You Good), and "Playdux" (1973), an erotic history of fascism. 
In the 1960s and 1970s, Adelina Tattilo fought for a libertarian, radical and socialist view in Italy and cultivated a friendship with Bettino Craxi.
She died after a brief illness in Rome, February 1, 2007 at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="9855123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855123" title="Robert Herbin">
Robert Herbin

Robert Herbin (born 30 March 1939) is a retired French association football defender and manager.
Biography.
Playing era.
He was formed at Cavigal de Nice, but OGC Nice, one of the best French team at the moment, did not recruit him so he went to AS Saint-Étienne in 1957, becoming one of the best prospects of French football. As a defensive midfielder, he is comfortable in the fashioned 4–2–4 system at the beginning of the 1960s, providing his physique to his team. He became important for France, forth at Euro 1960, and a member of the FIFA World Cup 1966 squad in England. He was a cornerstone of the first generation of the great AS Saint-Étienne winning side which clinched four titles in a row, from 1967 to 1970. For the 1969–1970 season, coach Albert Batteux moved Herbin at fullback along with Bernard Bosquier. The association was successful, and Herbin remained at that position till the end of his career.
Coaching era.
After Albert Batteux's departure, Herbin became one of the youngest coach in France, taking up the coach position at AS Saint-Étienne at the age of 33. He used the youth academy of the club, which gave him lots of talented young players such as Gérard Janvion, Dominique Bathenay, Jacques Santini and Dominique Rocheteau.He built up one of the best team in Europe, but failed in UEFA Champions League final against Bayern Munich, because of the famous "squared goalposts" of Hampden Park in Glasgow. Thanks to him and the arrival of Michel Platini in summer 1979, "les verts" remained at the top flight of French football, winning their last French championship in 1981.
Herbin, close to Club President Roger Rocher, left with him in 1983 and joined Olympique Lyonnais, the great rival of AS Saint-Étienne. Herbin could not save the team from relegation though. Then, he coached Al-Nasr and RC Strasbourg, before coming back to AS Saint-Étienne in 1987. However, the glorious past of the team was far away and Herbin left the club again in 1990. He ended his managerial career at Red Star Saint-Ouen before working for French Football Federation at the federal council.

</doc>
<doc id="9855131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855131" title="Poronin">
Poronin

Poronin , is a village in southern Poland situated in Tatra County of the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998). It lies approximately north-east of Zakopane and south of the regional capital Kraków.

</doc>
<doc id="9855132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855132" title="An (goddess)">
An (goddess)

An in Sumerian mythology is a goddess, possibly a female principle of the creator god An. Early iconography suggests a celestial sky goddess in the form of a cow whose udders produce rain and who becomes Antu in the Akkadian pantheon.
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9855141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855141" title="Biały Dunajec">
Biały Dunajec

Biały Dunajec , () is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999; it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998. It lies approximately north-east of Zakopane and south of the regional capital Kraków.

</doc>
<doc id="9855150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855150" title="Szaflary">
Szaflary

Szaflary is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998). Szaflary has about 2,200 residents. There is a church, a fire station, and a few grocery stores in the village. The village lies along the Dunajec River. 

</doc>
<doc id="9855157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855157" title="Campbellton, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Campbellton, Newfoundland and Labrador

Campbellton is a small lumbering and fishing community located on the island of Newfoundland at Indian Arm, Notre Dame Bay. The community was originally named Indian Arm due to a Beothuk village located on the nearby Indian Arm River. It was renamed to Campbellton in honor of the sawmill manager John Campbell.

</doc>
<doc id="9855162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855162" title="1856 in Ireland">
1856 in Ireland

Events from the year 1856 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9855165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855165" title="Bajó un ángel del cielo">
Bajó un ángel del cielo

Bajó un ángel del cielo is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Luis Cesar Amadori.

</doc>
<doc id="9855168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855168" title="The Road of the Llamas">
The Road of the Llamas

The Road of the Llamas or El Camino de las llamas is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9855171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855171" title="La Casa de los millones">
La Casa de los millones

La Casa de los millones is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855173" title="Kościelisko">
Kościelisko

Kościelisko is a village in Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia. (It was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998.) It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kościelisko. It lies approximately west of Zakopane and south of the regional capital Kraków.
In 2006 the village had a population of 3,900.

</doc>
<doc id="9855175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855175" title="Ashes to the Wind">
Ashes to the Wind

Ashes to the Wind () is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Luis Saslavsky.

</doc>
<doc id="9855176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855176" title="Playmen">
Playmen

Playmen was an Italian adult entertainment magazine. It was founded in 1967 by a mother of three, Adelina Tattilo, reaching fame as Italy's "Playboy" magazine. 
The magazine was published monthly and featured photographs of nude women, and articles on fashion, sport, consumer goods and public figures. "Playmen's" use of "tasteful" nude photos is classified as softcore in contrast to hardcore pornographic magazines.
It ceased publication in 2001.
Early years.
During a running battle with the Italian police, the magazine reached a circulation of 450,000 within four years of its 1967 inception. It sold at about the equivalent of a US dollar per copy.
"Playmen" was initially an imitator of "Playboy" magazine, although the first "Girl of the Month", Brigitte Bardot, held her hands over her breasts. "Playmen" later developed a style of its own, reflecting European tastes and not overly displaying breasts as per the American "Playboy" counterpart. The founder Tattilo is quoted as saying "The U.S. is a matriarchy. I think this is the reason for the American male preference for women with exaggerated, voluminous bosoms, true wet nurses with a reassuring maternal aspect." The women Tattilo chose for "Playmen" were slimmer and more mature than Hugh Hefner's choices. 
In the early years, each month the Italian police, in some cities, would order a mass seizure of the magazine. "Playmen" rarely lasted more than 48 hours on the newsstands before either being sold or seized.
Content.
Many actresses began their careers on the cover of "Playmen": Pamela Villoresi, the singer Patty Pravo, the actress Ornella Muti, the singer Amanda Lear and many others. The magazine contained notables such as Teresa Ann Savoy, Barbara Bouchet, Lilli Carati, and Camille Keaton. The July 1968 edition contains an article by Henry Miller. In the December 1972 issue, "Playmen" obtained an international scoop: it published the photo of Jacqueline Kennedy, then wife of Aristotle Onassis, while she was naked in the swimming pool of their villa in the island of Skorpios. 
The magazine contained interviews of significant people in literature, cinema, politics, and sport.
In the 1990s, with the arrival on the market of the erotic and pornographic videocassettes, Tattilo's empire gradually entered a crisis, followed by the closure of "Playmen" in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9855179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855179" title="The Kids Grow Up">
The Kids Grow Up

The Kids Grow Up () is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Arturo García Buhr, Santiago Gómez Cou and María Duval. At the 1943 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards, Arturo García Buhr won the Silver Condor Award for Best Actor for his performance in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855188" title="El Comisario de Tranco Largo">
El Comisario de Tranco Largo

El Comisario de Tranco Largo is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855190" title="Krościenko nad Dunajcem">
Krościenko nad Dunajcem

Krościenko nad Dunajcem is a village in southern Poland situated in the Nowy Targ County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship, from 1975-1998). it is approximately east of Nowy Targ and south-east of the regional capital Kraków. Town rights were given to Krościenko by Kazimierz Wielki in 1348. 
Numerous tourist attractions include Pieniny National Park Museum, the 14th-century church rebuilt in Baroque style in 1589, and in summer, walk trails in the Pieniny mountains. There are holiday cottages and paths for mountain biking both advanced and easy. In winter, ski lift at Szczawnica-Palenica is available at 6 km distance. 
Kroscienko is one of the oldest settlements in Polish part of the Pieniny Mountains. Its history dates back to the late 12th century, when it was a village serving the now non-existing Pieniny Castle (see also Dunajec river castles). In 1348, Kazimierz Wielki granted Magdeburg rights to Kroscienko, and shaped the village into a medieval town, with a market square and street grid. Royal decree, giving the charter to Kroscienko does not exist, as it was burned in a Hussite raid in 1433. At that time the town was named Crosna in documents. 
Due to convenient location along a merchant route to Hungary, Kroscienko prospered. In 1350, a Roman-Catholic parish was established here, and in 1565, a parish school was opened. The period known as Polish Golden Age ended in the 17th century, when Kroscienko was affected by several wars (see Swedish invasion of Poland, Great Northern War) and rebellions (see Kostka-Napierski Uprising). As a result, by mid-18th century Kroscienko was almost deserted. 
In 1770, Kroscienko was occupied by the Habsburg Empire. The town became property of Austrian treasury, which in 1822 sold it to the Gross family. New owners noticed local mineral waters, and decided to turn Kroscienko into a spa, with guest houses and baths. In 1934, Kroscienko was officially recognized as a spa. In the Second Polish Republic, it became a very popular tourist resort, located in close proximity to Pieniny National Park. Nevertheless, the number of permanent residents was so low that in 1932 Kroscienko lost its town charter. 
In 1973, Kroscienko was joined with nearby Szczawnica, and the town of Szczawnica–Kroscienko was created. In 1982, this idea was abandoned, due to protests of residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9855194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855194" title="Cruza">
Cruza

Cruza is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9855198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855198" title="Vidas marcadas">
Vidas marcadas

Vidas marcadas is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855199" title="List of symphony composers">
List of symphony composers

Among composers who have composed symphonies are (listed in chronological order by year of birth, alphabetical within year):

</doc>
<doc id="9855202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855202" title="El Viejo Hucha">
El Viejo Hucha

El Viejo Hucha is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855204" title="Maniowy">
Maniowy

Maniowy is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship about east of Nowy Targ and south of the regional capital Kraków. It has been the seat of the district of Gmina Czorsztyn since 1993.
Located on the southern slopes of the Gorce Mountains, new Maniowy was built in 1970-1980s after having been moved to a higher altitude, from an area upon which Czorsztyn Lake now stretches. The history of the old village reached back to at least 1326 when it was founded during the colonisation of the Podhale region. The present village has a modern architecture of houses with several large buildings (for example Saint Nicholas Church and the gym hall) and is inhabited by over 2000 people. Neighbouring forests, mountains, lake, ski lifts and national parks are a great tourist attraction in each season of the year. In cloudless days a magnificent view of nearby Eastern Tatra Mountains can be seen from the village.
Village displacement.
Because of regular flooding of the region (including the flooding of 1934), plans had been drawn up for a dam in the region since 1905, and in 1964, a resolution was passed to build the dam on the Dunajec river. This meant that eventually, the existing town of Maniowy would be underwater, so measures were taken to relocate the residents further up the slopes away from the water. Resettlement to the new Maniowy started as early as the 1970s, and the waters started to cover the old town in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9855207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855207" title="Ven mi corazón te llama">
Ven mi corazón te llama

Ven mi corazón te llama is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855208" title="Pingo National Landmark">
Pingo National Landmark

Pingo National Landmark is a natural area protecting eight pingos near Tuktoyaktuk, Northwest Territories. It is in a coastal region of the Arctic Ocean which contains approximately 1,350 Arctic ice dome hills—approximately one quarter of the world's pingos.
The Landmark comprises an area roughly , just west of Tuktoyaktuk, and includes Ibyuk Pingo—Canada's highest, exceeded in height only by Kadleroshilik Pingo in Alaska—at . The Landmark, which lies within the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, is managed by Parks Canada under the National Parks Act. Although a nationwide landmarks program was envisioned at its creation, Pingo remains the country's only National Landmark.
In a region near the Beaufort Sea which is quite flat, pingos dominate the skyline, rising from , in various stages of growth and collapse. Ibyuk Pingo, the highest, continues to grow about per year, and is estimated to be at least 1,000 years old. Unique to areas of permafrost, pingos have formed here thanks to numerous lakes in the Tuktoyaktuk Peninsula.
Other features.
Besides pingos, the Landmark contains an excellent example of massive ice. One section of the frozen groundwater, part of an eroded hillside by the sea, is over long, and high. Other less visible ice beds in the region are over thick. This type of ice is found in permafrost, and can be thousands of years old.
Other features of a permafrost environment can be found in the Landmark, including wedge ice. These are vertical masses of ice that form after water freezes in the cracks around ground that has contracted due to extreme cold. When ice wedges connect to one another, they can form tundra polygons, which are also visible at Pingo National Landmark.
Landmark recognition.
The area has been a focus of scientific study for over 50 years, and research here has formed the basis of current understanding about the origin and growth of pingos. The region was first identified as a site of national significance in 1978, and landmark status was proposed. Legislation creating it in 1984 formed part of the Inuvialuit Final Agreement (officially, the Western Arctic (Inuvialuit) Claims Settlement Act (1984)). It provided for cooperative management of the Landmark between the Government of Canada, the Inuvialuit Land Administration, and the people of Tuktoyaktuk. It reserved subsurface rights for the Inuvialuit, federal jurisdiction for the surface, and that the pingos would be preserved unimpaired.
Visiting the Landmark.
In August 2010 a boardwalk trail was completed with a boat launch, dock and viewing platforms; interpretive signage is planned by Parks Canada for self-guided tours. Local tour operators provide guided access to the site, which is easiest by boat. Hiking provides a more challenging option, but no matter how visitors access the site, Arctic weather and varying water levels can force a change of plans and an alternate route of return.
The landmark was featured in "", a 2008 transcontinental land, sea, and air journey by the Scottish entertainer.

</doc>
<doc id="9855212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855212" title="The Journey (1942 film)">
The Journey (1942 film)

The Journey () is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855216" title="Vacations in the Other World">
Vacations in the Other World

Vacations in the Other World or Vacaciones en el otro mundo is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici. The film, a seriocomedy, explores the gap between the high-pressure world of business and the ambience of domestic living.

</doc>
<doc id="9855220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855220" title="El Gran secreto">
El Gran secreto

El Gran secreto is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855221" title="Łącko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Łącko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Łącko is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998), famous from its apple orchards and traditional home-made slivovitz ("Śliwowica Łącka"). 

</doc>
<doc id="9855222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855222" title="Danish Folketing election, 1950">
Danish Folketing election, 1950

Folketing elections were held in Denmark on 5 September 1950, except in the Faroe Islands where they were held on 14 October. The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 59 of the 151 seats. Voter turnout was 81.9% in Denmark proper but just 22% in the Faroes.

</doc>
<doc id="9855223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855223" title="Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour">
Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour

The Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour or SSAISB or AISB is a nonprofit, scientific society devoted to advancing the scientific understanding of the mechanisms underlying thought and intelligent behaviour and their simulation and embodiment in machines. AISB also aims to facilitate co-operation and communication among those interested in the study of artificial intelligence, simulation of behaviour and the design of intelligent systems.
History.
Founded in 1964, SSAISB, is the oldest AI society in the world. It is the largest Artificial Intelligence Society in the United Kingdom. the society has an international membership drawn from both academia and industry. It is a member of the European Coordinating Committee for Artificial Intelligence ECCAI.
Objectives of the Society.
The objectives of the Society are:
Activities of the Society.
The society hosts an annual convention consisting of parallel symposia covering various specialist topics, loosely organised around a theme.
It also runs various events, especially to promote public understanding of AI and Cognitive Science.
The society published the journal AISBJ (no longer published) and continues to publish a quarterly newsletter AISBQ which includes short reports on current AI and Cognitive Science research.

</doc>
<doc id="9855224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855224" title="Gródek nad Dunajcem">
Gródek nad Dunajcem

Gródek nad Dunajcem ("Little Town on the Dunajec") is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998). It is approximately north of Nowy Sącz and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.

</doc>
<doc id="9855226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855226" title="Gran pensión La Alegría">
Gran pensión La Alegría

Gran pensión La Alegría is a 1942 Argentine comedy-drama film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855233" title="The Gaucho War">
The Gaucho War

The Gaucho War (La guerra gaucha) is a 1942 Silver Condor award winning Argentine historical drama and epic film directed by Lucas Demare and starring Enrique Muiño, Francisco Petrone, Ángel Magaña, and Amelia Bence. The film's script, written by Homero Manzi and Ulyses Petit de Murat, is based on the novel by Leopoldo Lugones published in 1905. The film premiered in Buenos Aires on November 20, 1942 and is considered by critics of Argentine cinema to be one of the most successful films in history. It won three Silver Condor awards, including Best Film, Best Director (Lucas Demare), and Best Adapted Screenplay (Ulises Petit de Murat and Homero Manzior), given by the Argentine Film Critics Association at the 1943 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards for the best films and performances of the previous year.
The film is set in 1817 in the Salta Province of northwest Argentina during the Argentine War of Independence. It is based on the actions taken by the guerrillas under the command of the general Martin Güemes in favor of provincial independence, and against the royalist army under command of the Spanish monarchy. For exterior filming, a village was established in the same area where the original events had occurred. The cast of some thousand participants was unprecedented in Argentine cinema until that time.
The origins and content of the film are linked to a particular moment in Argentine history in which there was an intense debate over whether the country should take the side of either the Axis or the Allies during World War II, or maintain its neutrality during the war. The film stresses the values associated with nationalism as expressed in the union of the people, the army, and the church in defense of the country, which was considered by some a prelude to the revolutionary ideology that led to, on June 4, 1943, the overthrowing of the government of president Ramón Castillo.
The film was produced by Artistas Argentinos Asociados ("Associated Argentine Artists"), a cooperative of artists created just a short time before production began. It required an investment far beyond other productions of the period but the commercial success of the film allowed it to recover the cost in the first-run theaters, where it remained for nineteen weeks. 
Plot.
In the Salta Province in 1817 during the War of Independence, the irregular forces commanded by General Martín Güemes carry out a guerrilla action against the Spanish army. The commander of a Spanish army contingent, Lieutenant Villarreal, is wounded, captured by the guerrillas, and put under the medical care of Asunción, the mistress of an estancia. She finds out from his idenfication paper that the Lieutenant, though serving in the Spanish army, was born in Lima. She persuades him of the justice of liberating America from Spain.
The patriot forces receive help from the sacristan of a chapel located next to the grounds of the royalist troops. The sacristan fakes loyalty to the king, but during the battles he sends messages to the gaucho guerrillas hiding in the mountains by means of a messenger boy and by ringing of the bell. When the royalists discover this, they attack and burn the chapel and smash the sacristan's eyes. Blinded, the sacristan unwittingly guides the royalists to the patriot camp. The royalists then proceed to annihilate the gauchos. In the final sequence, after the battle, the only three surviving characters (the badly injured sacristan, an old man, and the lieutenant who has fallen in love with Asunción and converted to the patriot cause) see Güemes' arriving troops, which will continue the battle.
Prologue.
The film begins with a prologue on screen providing the historical circumstances of the place and time in which the action is placed, and advancing the position of its authors. From 1814 to 1818, Güemes and his gauchos, on the Peruvian border left by the regular troops, resisted the royalist armies. This conflict of small battles was characterized by the heroism of the adversaries.
The opening states: 
Production.
The novel.
Leopoldo Lugones (June 13, 1874 – February 18, 1938) was a prolific Argentine writer and journalist of whom Ricardo Rojas said:
To write "La guerra gaucha" Lugones traveled to Salta Province, to visit the actual places where the events happened and to record the oral tradition of the area. It is an epic story composed of several histories described with a wide vocabulary full of metaphors. Dialogs are short, but descriptions and subjective vision are plentiful. The landscape characteristics and Salta's nature are described in detail and have great importance in the book.
Historical context in Argentina.
On February 20, 1938 Roberto M. Ortiz became president of Argentina. A member of the Unión Cívica Radical Antipersonalista party, he expressed his intention of ending the systemic electoral fraud imposed since the 1930 military coup. This idea found resistance within the political coalition named "The Concordance" (""La Concordancia"") to which he belonged. Finally the worsening of his diabetes forced him to relinquish the presidency to his vice president Ramón Castillo, first in provisionally and after June 27, 1942 permanently. The new president was not in agreement with Ortiz's policies and from his post he condoned the fraud practices, disappointing the followers who believed in the changes proposed by his predecessor.
At the start of World War II the Argentine government declared itself neutral (on September 4, 1939), repeating the position taken during the First World War (1914–1918). Great Britain supported the decision as it was interested in Argentina being neutral and continuing the supply of food during the war.
In December 1941, the United States of America declared war on the Axis powers after the attack on Pearl Harbor. In January 1942, the Third Consulting Meeting of Chancellors of the American Republics met in Río de Janeiro as the U.S. wished other American nations to break relations with the Axis powers. Argentina, which had had frictions with the U.S. in previous years, was opposed to said goals and influenced successfully to "recommend" the breakup of relations instead of making it mandatory.
The problems associated with foreign policy took on more importance in Argentina and revived the conflict between the three political factions, the one pushing for siding with the Allies, the neutrals, and the one more in tune with the Axis. This latter minority group included the followers of nationalism and some officers of the army. The subject of the position the country should take on the war displaced other issues in the national political arena.
Starting in the 1930s, and following a general tendency in Latin America, nationalist ideas were fortified in the countryside and many diverse sectors of Argentina. Political parties such as the Unión Cívica Radical, the Socialist Party of Argentina, and in the unions organized under the umbrella of the Confederación General del Trabajo the favorable currents for the State to become interventionist were growing, in order to push the preservation on the national interests and promote industrialization.
This ideological change was also observable in the cultural movements, with the vindication of the tango and the indigenous "gaucho roots". "La guerra gaucha" was then selected as the subject, written and filmed in the context of expansive nationalism and debates over issues of war.
State of the film industry in Argentina.
In 1938, 41 films opened and 16 new directors debuted. In 1939, the number increased to 51 films. Argentine cinema was very popular. In Mexico, almost all Argentine films were shown. In 1940, 49 films opened, despite the shortage of celluloid due to the war. In 1941, there were 47 openings and in 1942, 57.
Artistas Argentinos Asociados.
A group of unemployed artists, Enrique Muiño, Elías Alippi, Francisco Petrone, Ángel Magaña, the director Lucas Demare and the chief of production of a movie company Enrique Faustín (son) met regularly at the beginning of the 1940s at the "El Ateneo" cafe in Buenos Aires.
The Ateneo Group (""Barra del Ateneo"") decided to found a cooperative film production company following the style of the American United Artists, so on September 26, 1941 they started "Artistas Argentinos Asociados Sociedad Cinematográfica SRL".
Origins of the film.
Artistas Argentinos Asociados had the idea of making this movie since the company had been established. Homero Manzi had the idea since he wrote the script to the film ""Viento Norte"" ("North Wind") and convinced director Lucas Demare of the project's viability. Francisco Petrone proposed that the script be written by Manzi and Ulyses Petit de Murat. The rights for the movie were purchased from Leopoldo Lugones (son) for ten thousand pesos received two jazz records that were unavailable in the country.
In the interim, Elías Alippi, who would star in the role of captain Del Carril, fell ill with cancer (he would die on May 3, 1942). The company, knowing he was not in physical condition to survive the tough filming schedule and not wishing to replace him for another actor while he was alive, postponed the filming with an excuse and started to film ""El viejo Hucha"" ("Old Man Hucha"), in which he had no role.
Remembering the proposal to write the screenplay, Ulyses Petit de Murat said: 
Due to having had spent all the monies with "El viejo Hucha" that were needed for "La guerra gaucha", the partners at Artistas Argentinos Asociados decided to increase the firm's capital with the monies they were due. This financial effort was insufficient and they had to partner with San Miguel Studios and undersell early the exhibition rights for the film in some areas. These decisions allowed them to make the film with "a little less belt-tightening but without splurging".
Script.
Homero Manzi.
Homero Manzi was born November first of 1907 in Añatuya (province of Santiago del Estero), Argentina. He was interested in literature and tango since he was young. After a brief incursion in journalism, Manzi worked as a literature and castilian professor but for political reasons (in addition to his membership in the Unión Cívica Radical) he was expelled of his professorship and decided to dedicate himself to the arts.
In 1935 he participated on the beginnings of FORJA (Fuerza de Orientación Radical de la Joven Argentina – Force of Radical Orientation of the Young Argentina), a group whose position has been classified as “peoples nationalism”. It was centered in the problematic Argentina and Latin America and on its discussions suggested “reconquer the political Sunday from our own land” since it considered the country was still under a colonial situation. It supported neutrality in WWII on the premise that was no great interest was in play in Argentina or Latin America, it was more of a rejection position towards fascism just as much as communism.
In 1934, Manzi founded "Micrófono" ("Microphone") magazine which covered subjects related to radiotelephony, Argentine movies and film making. He wrote the screenplay for "Nobleza Gaucha" in 1937 in collaboration with Hugo Mac Dougall, and a remake of "Huella" ("Footprint") (1940), for which they received second prize from Buenos Aires City Hall and also "Confesión" ("Confession") (1940), without achieving commercial success with any of these movies.
In 1940 Manzi started what would be a long collaboration with Ulyses Petit de Murat, writing the screenplay for "Con el dedo en el gatillo" ("Finger on the trigger") (1940) and later "Fortín alto" ("High Fort") (1940).
Ulyses Petit de Murat.
Ulyses Petit de Murat was born in Buenos Aires on January 28, 1907 and was interested in literature and journalism from a young age. He was in charge of the music page in the daily magazine "Crítica" and, with Jorge Luis Borges, co-directed its literary supplement. In 1932 he moved to the motion film section of "Crítica" and in 1939 wrote his first cinematographic script for the movie "Prisioneros de la Tierra", an adaptation of four tales of Horacio Quiroga, made with his son, Dario Quiroga, who later in 1940 wrote "Con el Dedo en el Gatillo", with the collaboration of Homero Manzi.
The screenwriters started by selecting the stories that would provide them with the elements for the work. "Dianas" was chosen as the main source, some characters were taken from "Alertas" and some from other stories. They compiled the words, traditions, life styles and idioms from that era for which they used books and even a trip was made to Salta to talk with the locals. A script Then a text was made from the tales and a first draft of the images. At this point the director and actors collaborated with their comments and finally the final script was written.
Direction.
Born July 14, 1907 Demare was a music scholar. In 1928, he traveled to Spain as a bandoneón player for the Orchestra Típica Argentina, where his brother Lucio also played. In 1933 he worked as an interpreter and singer for Spanish movies "Boliche" and "Aves sin rumbo". 
Demare quit the orchestra and started working in the film industry; he quickly rose from chalkboard holder to director assistant. Some time later he was hired to debut as a director, but the civil war broke out and he returned to Buenos Aires.
Emilio Zolezzi, aside from being a movie critic, was also the Artistas Argentinas Associados attorney. He tells about the director: 
When he returned to Spain, his brother Lucio got him a job as custodian in the Rio de la Plata cinematographic studios. In 1937, he was hired as director and screen-writer for the movies "Dos amigos y un amor" (Two friends and one love) and "Veinticuatro horas de libertad" (Twenty-four hours of liberty), both starring comedy actor Pepe Iglesias. In 1939, he directed "El hijo del barrio" (1940, Son of the neighborhood), "Corazón the Turco" (1940, Turkish Heart) and "Chingolo" (1941) all of them with their own script.
This movie was well received by the public and critics, “It consolidated the exceptional tech team accompanied by Artistas Argentinos Asociados: his brother Lucio on the music band, the assistant Hugo Fregones, the montajussta Carlos Rinaldi, the set builder Ralph Pappier, the lighting specialist from the United States Bob Roberts (from the American Society of Cinematographers), the cinematographer Humberto Peruzzi, the electrician Serafín de la Iglesia, the make up artist Roberto Combi and some others.”
The following movie was "El cura gaucho", in which he met Enrique Muriño, but even with his abundant commercial success, he was fired from Pampa Films.
Filming.
Lucas Demare thought that January and February (summer) were the best months to work on the filming in Salta but they were told that it was better to do it in winter due to summer being flood season. Demare travelled to Salta to reconnoiter the area. Later, the crew and equipment moved to an old estate and big house. They worked on a big ballroom and had two small rooms; each crewman had a cot and an upside down beer wooden box as night-stand. The actresses and Enrique Muiño, due to his age, stayed in a hotel.
At their arrival in Salta, they met with the local military commander, Colonel Lanús, but he was not eager to help, instead placing obstacles in their way. Demare told how they solved the problem:
Demare had brought gaucho clothing for the cast, but he realized they were not appropriate for the feel he wanted in the movie as they were brand-new, so he traded the new clothing for local gauchos' own clothing. Demare sent Magaña and Chiola on long horse rides to "weather" their uniforms and accustom the actors to riding. The locals were surprised to encounter two soldiers in antiquated uniforms.
Lucas Demare shows up in the film as an extra a few times. The scene in which the town burns had to be done in one take as they could not afford to rebuild it. Demare had the cameramen and the rest of the crew dressed as gauchos or royalist troops so that if they were accidentally included, they would not ruin the shot. While directing this scene, a sudden wind change moved the fire towards Demare himself making him lose his wig and singeing his fake beard and mustache.
In another scene, Demare played the part of a Spanish soldier who, being attacked by the gauchos, receives a lance hit through the chest. Magaña tells 
In another scene where the characters played by Amelia Bence, Petrone and Magaña argue, the latter was supposed to fall down the stairs but doubted his ability to do so. Demare stood at the top of the stairs with his back to it and rolled down, to demonstrate that the scene could be done without undue risk. This was in fact the sequence shown in the movie.
A scene where a group of horses ran down a hill with burning branches tied to their tails needed to be filmed from in front, so the crew built a hut made of wood, stones, and rocks in which stood Peruzzi the cameraman, who tells that "At the order of Action! I saw this mass of heads and hooves coming at me at full speed, and did not breath until I saw them open up to the sides of the hut, right in front of me. We had to improvise and replace the lack of technology with smarts, ingenuity and valor."
The filming included more than 1,000 actors as extras for the crowd scenes, although only eighty actors had speaking parts. Among the extras there were local gauchos hired by the producers and others provided as laborers by their employer, the Patrón Costa, a wealthy local family. There were also the aforementioned fencing trainer and soldiers lent by the military garrison and two pato players from Buenos Aires, experts falling from horses. As the gauchos did not want to be dressed as Spaniards, military conscripts played the part.
Location.
For the scenes in the local village where the royalists had established their headquarters, they selected the village of San Fernando. Nearby is the Gallinato Creek, where they filmed the gaucho encampment scenes and the assault against Miranda's woman.
They brought material from Salta in fifty trucks to build a village. It had an area of about a thousand square meters, fifteen houses, a church with a belfry, hospital, horse barn, corrals, commander's office, cemetery, and ovens, all of which was destroyed by the fire in the final scenes. The director requested five hundred horses, four hundred cattle, oxen, mules, burros and chickens. Also many props such as wheelbarrows, wagons, and period-military equipment.
The interior and exterior scens of the Asunción ranch, the royalist encampment at night, the interior of the church and belfry, the death of the child and the musical number by the Ábalos Brothers group were filmed at the studios in Buenos Aires.
Soundtrack and choreography.
The music score was done by Lucio Demare. Born in Buenos Aires on 9 August 1906, he studied music from the age of six and from the age of eight he was playing piano in movie theatres –it was still the age of silent movies.
In Spain in 1933, he created the music for two movies in which he also acted. He started his work in Argentine cinema in 1936 with the musical score for the film "Ya tiene comisario el pueblo" ("The village now has a constable"), directed by Claudio Martínez Payva and in 1938, he continued with "Dos amigos y un amor" ("two friends and one love"), with Francisco Canaro, and directed by his brother Lucas Demare.
The musical numbers and native dances were played by the Ábalos Brothers group.
Reception.
"La guerra gaucha" was well received by the critics and the public and received several awards. The article in the "El Heraldo de Buenos Aires" said: 
Claudio España wrote:
The opinion of film critic José Agustín Mahieu is as follows: 
Lastly, César Maranghello says: 
The film stayed on the opening theaters for nineteen weeks where it was seen by 170,000 viewers, including four weeks in Montevideo by that time.
Awards.
"La guerra gaucha" received the following awards:
Economic aspects.
Filming delays meant that the producers spent part of the monies they had earned on the film "El Viejo Hucha". To recoup this, they had to undersell the exhibition rights in advance in some areas. Spending as little as possible, the production ended up costing 269,000 pesos approximately 55,000 US dollars. The extras in Salta were paid between 3 and 4 pesos per workday, when a theater seat cost 3 pesos. Amelia Bence was paid 5,000 pesos for about six days of filming. This was completely recouped in the nineteen weeks the film stayed at the opening theaters.
Nonetheless, due to the partners' lack of business experience and their scant resources put into starting the business, critical and public acclaim did not translate into big earnings.
Authorization.
This article incorporates material from ataquenuclear.com, which has given authorization to the use of content and images and published them under GNU license.

</doc>
<doc id="9855235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855235" title="Historia de crímenes">
Historia de crímenes

Historia de crímenes is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855237" title="Fantasmas en Buenos Aires">
Fantasmas en Buenos Aires

Fantasmas en Buenos Aires ("Ghosts in Buenos Aires") is a 1942 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Santos Discépolo and starring Pepe Arias.
Production.
The 89-minute film was shot in black and white for Argentina Sono Film, directed by Enrique Santos Discépolo.
It was the first film for which he was sole director.
It starred Pepe Arias, María Esther Buschiazzo and Chela Cordero. Mario Maurano wrote the music.
Synopsis.
The writers, Manuel A. Meaños, Enrique Santos and Marcelo Menasche Discépolo, based the film on a strange story that circulated in Buenos Aires around 1940. It told of an apparition in the form of a beautiful and enigmatic girl (Buschiazzo) who danced one night with the cashier (Arias) of a large commercial firm.
She apparently had returned from the beyond, and would again fade into the shadows.
Reception.
The film has been called one of the most original and compelling films of the trajectory of the great comedian, Pepe Arias.
Full cast.
The full cast was:
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9855243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855243" title="En el viejo Buenos Aires">
En el viejo Buenos Aires

En el viejo Buenos Aires is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855247" title="En el último piso">
En el último piso

En el último piso is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Catrano Catrani.

</doc>
<doc id="9855249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855249" title="Elvira Fernández, vendedora de tiendas">
Elvira Fernández, vendedora de tiendas

Elvira Fernández, vendedora de tiendas is a 1942 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855255" title="Rochers de Naye">
Rochers de Naye

The Rochers de Naye (French, lit. "rocks of Naye"; ) are a mountain of the Swiss Alps, overlooking Lake Geneva near Montreux and Villeneuve, in the canton of Vaud. They lie on the range separating the basin of Lake Geneva from the valley of the Sarine, on the watershed between the Rhone and the Rhine. The mountain is partially located in the canton of Fribourg, the border between the two cantons culminating on a lower summit named "Grande Chaux de Naye" ().
The Rochers de Naye are easily accessible from Montreux, where the highest railway in the canton, the Chemin de fer Montreux-Glion-Rochers-de-Naye, starts. From the summit station (), only a short walk is necessary to reach the summit. In addition, it is also possible to access the summit by driving to Col de Jaman and then making the 2-3 hr hike to the peak.
The Rochers de Naye are also known for the Rochers de Naye Via Ferrata considered to be extremely difficult (ED), the Grottes de Naye (caves which are accessible via the trail between Col de Jaman and Rochers de Naye), and a few enclosures hosting marmots from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9855257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855257" title="Saratoga, Nebraska Territory">
Saratoga, Nebraska Territory

Saratoga Springs, Nebraska Territory, or Saratoga, was a boom and bust town founded in 1856 that throve for several years. During its short period of influence the town grew quickly, outpacing other local settlements in the area including Omaha and Florence, and briefly considered as a candidate for the Nebraska Territorial capitol. Saratoga was annexed into Omaha in 1887, and has been regarded a neighborhood in North Omaha since then.
Location.
Located today in the proximity of 24th Street and Saratoga Avenue in North Omaha, the town was once noted as being "three miles north of downtown Omaha and two miles south of Florence." In modern terms, the Saratoga townsite lay between Locust Street on the south and Fort Street on the north, between the current Carter Lake on the east and North 36th Street on the west.
The town's economy, including a hotel and several bars, relied on its connection to the Saratoga Bend on the Missouri River, less than one mile (1.6 km) away. In 1856 the Nebraska Territory riverbank at Saratoga Bend was the site of regular steamboat landings, with more regular traffic than the fledgling Omaha City, three miles (5 km) south. The town was also founded near the site of Sulpher Spring, which because of the town became renowned for its healing powers. The site was also the grave of the daughter of Young Elk, an elder of the Omaha Tribe who advised Logan Fontenelle. One historic report identifies a sulfur spring at the "foot of Grand Avenue", which is the location of "Bluff View Park", also called "Horseshoe Bend".
History.
Erastus F. Beadle (1821–1894), an agent for New York land speculators, was the impetus for the town's creation and growth. This type of speculation relied on money from wildcat banks, which were shady investment schemes popular at the time. Beadle named the community after his own hometown of Saratoga, New York because the mineral springs are similar to Saratoga Springs, New York. It was hoped these springs would draw many visitors to the area, and anticipating that, a large hotel (the Saratoga Springs) was built.
Within several months the town had more than 50 buildings, including several businesses and churches. In February 1857 the Nebraska Territory Legislature passed an act incorporating the first University of Nebraska at Saratoga. When that did not transpire, the University was newly incorporated in Lincoln. The post office was established in September 1857. After Beadle left in late 1857, the economic "Panic of '57" set in and greatly distressed Saratoga's economy; the Post Office closed in 1858, and the town then stagnaed until it was absorbed by Omaha. In 1858, the Douglas County Agricultural Society was organized. It held its first fair in Saratoga.
The hotel did not take off, and five years later Brownell Hall began classes in the abandoned hotel building. The Episcopal school for girls opened at the location of the Saratoga Springs Hotel. The Nebraska Territory bishop paid $3500 for of land and the building. By 1869 a new school building had been constructed at 16th & Jones in Omaha and the old hotel was abandoned.
Richard Siemon was the operator of the Saratoga Brewery located at the present-day junction of North 16th Street and Commercial Avenue, the presumed location of one of the area's many artesian wells. By 1863 the company was sold to Ebenezer Dallow, and eventually it became the famous Storz Brewing Company.
In 1866 local citizens erected a one room schoolhouse called Saratoga School, one of the first public schools in Nebraska. In 1877 the Missouri River changed course and cut-off the Saratoga Bend, creating what became to be known as Carter Lake (lake), ending the community's reliance on river traffic. The community floundered for several years, and in 1887 it was annexed into the City of Omaha.
Legacy.
In 1886, Omaha banker Herman Kountze platted much of the Saratoga area as a new affluent suburb of Omaha called Kountze Place. The Saratoga community was notable again in Omaha's history at in 1927. That year North Omaha businessmen formed the North Omaha Activities Association in order to re-develop Saratoga School's playing field into a college football field for Omaha University's football team. At that time the University was located just south in the posh Kountze Place suburb. With new bleachers built to accommodate a crowd of a thousand, the Saratoga Field was home to OU's team until 1951.
Saratoga Avenue in North Omaha was the Main Street of the town of Saratoga. Saratoga Elementary School was incorporated into Omaha Public Schools in the late 19th century. Brownell-Talbot School, once located in the heart of Saratoga, thrives today and is recognized as the oldest school in Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="9855264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855264" title="Thomas Jones (footballer born 1884)">
Thomas Jones (footballer born 1884)

Thomas Daniel Jones (1884 - 8 February 1958) was a Welsh footballer and football club manager. He represented Wales at international level on one occasion.
Jones was born in Aberaman where his father was a grocer and also the Constable of Higher Miskin, an ancient office and ceremonial post. He played for his local side before joining Aberdare Athletic in 1903. 
In 1904, Jones joined Nottingham Forest, remaining an amateuer as he did throughout his career. He made two league appearances for Forest.
In 1908 he made his only appearance for the Wales national team, a 1-0 defeat against Ireland, played at Aberdare.
In the summer of 1923, Jones took over as secretary-manager of Merthyr Town, guiding them to a respectable 13th place in Division Three (South). He left his post in 1924 and later worked as a scout for Cardiff City. He was also a vice-president of the FA of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="9855271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855271" title="Casi un sueño">
Casi un sueño

Casi un sueño is a 1943 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855273" title="Captain Poison">
Captain Poison

Captain Poison () is a 1943 Argentine comedy-drama film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855277" title="Cuando florezca el naranjo">
Cuando florezca el naranjo

Cuando florezca el naranjo is a 1943 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855284" title="Candida, Woman of the Year">
Candida, Woman of the Year

Candida, Woman of the Year () is a 1943 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Santos Discépolo and starring Niní Marshall, Augusto Codecá, and Carlos Morganti.

</doc>
<doc id="9855289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855289" title="Sixteen (1943 film)">
Sixteen (1943 film)

Sixteen () is a 1943 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen.

</doc>
<doc id="9855293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855293" title="Autumn Roses (1943 film)">
Autumn Roses (1943 film)

Autumn Roses () is a 1943 Argentine film directed by Juan de Orduña, although Eduardo Morera is also credited by some. It is the first feature film length film adaption of the play of the same name ("Rosas de otoño") by Jacinto Benavente; an earlier film adaption by Morera in 1931, "Autumn Roses", was a short.

</doc>
<doc id="9855298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855298" title="Odorant-binding protein">
Odorant-binding protein

Odorant-binding proteins are abundant small soluble proteins secreted in the nasal mucus of many animal species and in the sensillar lymph of chemosensory sensilla of insects. 
The olfactory receptors of terrestrial animals exist in an aqueous environment, yet detect odorants that are primarily hydrophobic. The aqueous solubility of hydrophobic odorants is greatly enhanced via odorant-binding proteins, which exist in the extracellular fluid surrounding the odorant receptors. This family is composed of pheromone binding proteins (PBP), which are male-specific and associate with pheromone-sensitive neurons and general-odorant-binding proteins (GOBP).
These proteins were initially identified on the basis of their ability to bind with moderate-affinity radioactively labeled odorants.

</doc>
<doc id="9855300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855300" title="Gus McLaren">
Gus McLaren

Gus McLaren (born 1923) was an Australian artist, animator and potter.
Active duty in the Australian army during World War 2 saw Gus serving in the pacific. Here he painted panels for a recreation tent for wounded Australian and allied soldiers- the work now resides at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra. As part of the Occupation forces in 1946, Gus travelled to Japan to teach art to the Japanese and there he met and was interviewed by a young cartoonist, named Les Tanner who worked for BECON ( British and Allied Forces Newspaper). The friendship endured for the next fifty years, until Les Tanner's death in 2001. After the war, Gus returned to Sydney where he worked as a cartoonist and illustrator for the Daily Telegraph and Women's Weekly before moving home to Melbourne where he worked on The Argus newspaper, as the cartoonist "Just Gus".
He began potting with Reg Preston in 1955 and was one of the founding members in 1958 of the Potters Cottage in Warrandyte, Victoria. He and his wife Betty McLaren, set up Yarraridge pottery and together and separately, the two produced an extensive body of work. This included wheel-thrown and hand-built pieces, as well as a range of slip-cast figures designed by Gus and decorated by Betty. These designs are still being used by Betty to make figures for sale from her McLaren Pottery on the New South Wales south coast.
Gus McLaren has ceramic works in both public and private collections. When the Potters Cottage held its 45th anniversary in 2003, he participated in the exhibition.
He also has a considerable body of work in animated films. In 1962 he directed the first animation series made for Australian television, "Freddo the Frog" and he was one of the animators who worked on "Grendel, Grendel, Grendel", a full-length animated film retelling the Beowulf epic released in 1981.
Gus McLaren died in Merimbula on the 29th of August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9855308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855308" title="Jalan Sungai Tengi">
Jalan Sungai Tengi

Jalan Sungai Tengi or Jalan Timur Tambahan (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia. The road connects Kampung Berjuntai Bestari near Bestari Jaya (formerly Batang Berjuntai) in the south to FELDA Soeharto in the north. It is a second longest state roads in Selangor after Jalan Sabak Bernam-Hulu Selangor ()

</doc>
<doc id="9855313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855313" title="Dark Valley">
Dark Valley

Dark Valley () is a 1943 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.

</doc>
<doc id="9855318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855318" title="Frontera Sur (1943 film)">
Frontera Sur (1943 film)

Frontera Sur is a 1943 Argentine film directed by Belisario García Villar.

</doc>
<doc id="9855320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855320" title="La guerra la gano yo">
La guerra la gano yo

La Guerra la gano yo ("I Win the War") is a 1943 Argentine comedy film.
Production.
The 71-minute black and white film was produced for Lumiton by Francisco Múgica and released on 14 February 1943.
The script was by Carlos A. Olivari, Sixto Pondal Ríos.
The film starred Pepe Arias, Ricardo Passano and Alberto Contreras.
The actress Virginia Luque made her debut in the film at the age of sixteen.
Synopsis.
The owner of a small but prosperous department store, played by Pepe Arias, is pushed by his family to improve their social position.
He makes heavy investments in the rubber tire business.
When World War II begins, he finds that overnight he has become fabulously rich.
He closes a huge deal with the Germans, but his delight turns to horror when he finds that they have sunk an Allied ship carrying his son.
The film combines humor with biting comment on Argentina's neutral stance in the war.
Cast.
The cast included:
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9855326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855326" title="La Hija del ministro">
La Hija del ministro

La Hija del ministro is a 1943 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855335" title="Los Hombres las prefieren viudas">
Los Hombres las prefieren viudas

Los Hombres las prefieren viudas is a 1943 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855336" title="The Real Howard Spitz">
The Real Howard Spitz

The Real Howard Spitz is a 1998 film starring Kelsey Grammer.
Plot.
Howard Spitz (Kelsey Grammer) is the author behind a string of poorly selling detective novels. He discovers that in contrast children's books enjoy strong sales. Believing it an easy way to make money, Spitz becomes a children's author with his new book character, a bovine detective named "Crafty Cow", but finds writing for his new audience significantly difficult. Whilst doing research at the local library, he submits his drafts to a little girl called Samantha Kershaw (Genevieve Tessier). In return, she asks Spitz to find her father who left her mother (Amanda Donohoe) before she was born. Spitz also discovers that to become a successful children's author he will need to do public appearances with his audience. Terrified at the prospect of having to spend time with children, Spitz hires a struggling actor to serve as his public face. But soon his doppelganger is having delusions of grandeur, as his book becomes more and more successful. Finally, at an awards ceremony, he confesses his identity, and finds that after spending so much time with Samantha, and after all the help she's given him, he feels more at ease around children.

</doc>
<doc id="9855340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855340" title="Eclipse de sol">
Eclipse de sol

Eclipse de sol is a 1943 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855343" title="El Espejo">
El Espejo

El Espejo is a 1943 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855344" title="Cerberus Fossae">
Cerberus Fossae

The Cerberus Fossae are a series of semi-parallel fissures on Mars formed by faults which pulled the crust apart in the Cerberus region (9°N, 197°W). Ripples seen at the bottom of the fault are sand blown by the wind.
The underlying cause for the faulting was magma pressure related to the formation of the Elysium volcanic field, located to the northwest. The faults pass through pre-existing features such as hills, indicating that it is a younger feature. The formation of the fossae is suspected to have released pressurized underground water, previously confined by the cryosphere, with flow rates up to 2 × 106 m3s−1, leading to the creation of the Athabasca Valles. Marte Vallis is another channel that was formed from water released from Cerberus Fossae.
A 2005 photo of a locale within Elysium Planitia at 5° N, 150° E by the Mars Express spacecraft shows what may be ash-covered water ice. The volume of ice is estimated to be by in size and deep, similar in size and depth to the North Sea. The ice is thought to be the remains of water floods from the Cerberus Fossae fissures about 2 to 10 million years ago. The surface of the area is broken into 'plates' like broken ice floating on a lake. Impact crater counts show that the plates are up to 1 million years older than the gap material, showing that the area solidified much too slowly for the material to be basaltic lava.
However, early radar analysis suggests there's no evidence of 'pack ice' tens of meters thick as hypothesized based on the images from Mars Express of the area. This is in support of the US view of images of the area, based on impact crater morphology which do not show any evidences of meteorite hitting anything but solid stone lava fields Other researchers have found evidence of past ice in the area; they believe that lava flows may not have been involved.

</doc>
<doc id="9855351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855351" title="El Fabricante de estrellas">
El Fabricante de estrellas

El Fabricante de estrellas is a 1943 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9855352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855352" title="Gustavo Garzón">
Gustavo Garzón

Gustavo Garzón (born 1955 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film and television actor.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
In 1991, Garzón directed country music band The Desert Rose Band's music video for the single "You Can Go Home".

</doc>
<doc id="9855386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855386" title="Dionisiu Bumb">
Dionisiu Bumb

Dionisiu Bumb (born 19 September 1973 in Carei) is a former Romanian soccer player.

</doc>
<doc id="9855394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855394" title="Defence Equipment and Support">
Defence Equipment and Support

Defence Equipment and Support (DE&S) is the name of the merged procurement and support organisation within the UK Ministry of Defence. It came into being on 2 April 2007, bringing together the MoD's Defence Procurement Agency and the Defence Logistics Organisation under the leadership of General Sir Kevin O'Donoghue as the first Chief of Defence Materiel. 
The organisation had a civilian and military workforce of around 29,000 (77 per cent civilian and 23 per cent military), in the UK and abroad. DE&S operates as a single Top Level Budget. As of 2008 the DE&S workforce was around 24,500, further reducing under the 'PACE' business improvement programme to around 20,000 by 2012. Of this, around 10,000 posts will be housed at Abbey Wood by 2012.
Mission statement.
The DE&S mission is:
History.
Defence Equipment and Support was established on 2 April 2007.
DE&S is overseen by the Minister for Defence Equipment, Support and Technology.
Senior officials.
The organisation is under the leadership of the Chief of Defence Materiel, a four-star officer: an Admiral, General, Air Chief Marshal or civilian. After the restructuring in 2011 there are four three-star posts under the Chief of Defence Materiel. These are the positions of Chief of Materiel (Fleet), a Royal Navy Vice Admiral, and Chief of Materiel (Land), a British Army Lieutenant General (who also holds the appointment of Quartermaster-General to the Forces), Chief of Materiel (Air), a Royal Air Force Air Marshal and Chief of Materiel (Joint Enablers).
Chief Operating Officer.
The Chief Operating Officer (COO) was responsible for project and programme delivery across DE&S. This includes supporting the equipment through life, and the performance of the industrial supply chain. The post was discontinued 1 June 2011.
Chiefs of Materiel.
The Chiefs of Materiel (CofMs) are responsible for managing key relationships with the Capability Sponsor and User. They work at the strategic level to make sure that the operational readiness and sustainability needs of the User are met.
The CofMs ensure an ethos of support to operations is in place to the User, throughout all DE&S activity.
Peter Worrall
Chief of Corporate Performance.
The Chief of Corporate Performance (CCP) was responsible for managing the business effectively and setting policy in key corporate functional areas. The post was discontinued as at 1 June 2011.
Major projects.
DE&S manages a variety of defence procurement and support projects inherited from the DLO and DPA for all three services. Examples of current and future procurement projects include:

</doc>
<doc id="9855403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855403" title="2002 UK Championship (snooker)">
2002 UK Championship (snooker)

The 2002 PowerHouse UK Championship was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place at the Barbican Centre in York, England. The event started on 1 December 2002 and the televised stages were shown on BBC between 7 and 15 December 2002. The sponsor for this year's event was Powerhouse.
Mark Williams won his second UK title in a classic 10–9 victory against Ken Doherty, who had reached his second UK final in a row. The highest break of the tournament was 142 made by Ronnie O'Sullivan.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
Winner: £100,000
Runner-up: £54,000
Semi-final: £27,250
Quarter-final: £14,500
Last 16: £11,500
Last 32: £9,200
Last 48: £5,200
Last 64: £4,175
Last 80: £2,950
Last 96: £2,000
Stage one highest break: £2,000
Stage two highest break: £10,000
Stage one maximum break: £5,000
Stage two maximum break: £25,000
Total: £746,900
Main draw.
Round of 48 Best of 17 frames
Round of 32 Best of 17 frames

</doc>
<doc id="9855427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855427" title="Komos">
Komos

The Kōmos (; pl. kōmoi) was a ritualistic drunken procession performed by revelers in ancient Greece, whose participants were known as komasts (κωμασταί, "kōmastaí"). Its precise nature has been difficult to reconstruct from the diverse literary sources and evidence derived from vase painting. 
The earliest reference to the komos is in Hesiod's "Shield of Herakles", which indicates it took place as part of wedding festivities (line 281). And famously Alcibiades gate-crashes the "Symposium" while carousing in a komos. However, no one kind of event is associated with the komos: Pindar describes them taking place at the city festivals (Pythian 5.21, 8.20, Olympian 4.9), while Demosthenes mentions them taking places after the 'pompe' and "choregoi" on the first day of the Greater Dionysia (Speeches 21.10), which may indicate the komos might have been a competitive event.
The komos must be distinguished from the "pompe", or ritual procession, and the chorus, both of which were scripted. The komos lacked a chorus leader, script, or rehearsal. In the performance of Greek victory odes ("epinikia") at post-Game celebrations for winning athletes, the choral singers often present themselves as komasts, or extend an invitation to join the komos, as if the formal song were a preliminary to spontaneous revelry. Nevertheless some komoi were expressly described as ""semnoí"" ("modest", "decent"), which implies that standard "komoi" were anything but.
Demosthenes upbraids the brother-in-law of Aeschines for not wearing a mask during the komos, as was the custom (On the Embassy 19.287), suggesting costume or disguise may have been involved. The playing of music during the komos is also mentioned by Aristophanes (Thesmophoriazusae 104, 988) and Pindar (Olympian 4.9, Pythian 5.22). There are also depictions of torch-lit processions in vase painting, yet it is not always clear from the evidence of vases if they depict symposia, choruses or komoi.
It is now widely thought that komos and "κωμῳδία - komoidia" "comedy" are etymologically related, the derivation being "komos" + "ᾠδή - o(i)de" "song" (from "ἀείδω - aeido" "sing"). However, in part III of the Poetics, Aristotle records the tradition that the word "komoedia" derives from the Megaran mime that took place in the villages of Sicily, hence from "κώμη - kome" (the Dorian word for village). Nevertheless, it remains unclear exactly how the revel-song developed into the Greek Old comedy of the Dionysian festival in the 6th century BCE.

</doc>
<doc id="9855451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855451" title="Walter H. Price">
Walter H. Price

Walter Price was one of the 'Four Founding Fathers' of Aston Villa Football Club. He also holds the distinction of being the club's first captain.

</doc>
<doc id="9855464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855464" title="High Steward (academia)">
High Steward (academia)

The High Steward in the universities of Oxford and Cambridge (sometimes erroneously known as the "Lord High Steward") is a university official. Originally a deputy for the Chancellor, the office of High Steward had by the 18th century undergone the same evolution and become a position by which the universities honoured prominent external figures. The High Stewards still retain some functions relating to adjudication in disputes, appeals, and deputizing if there is a vacancy in the Chancellorship. In Oxford, the office of High Steward is now more similar to the office of Commissary in Cambridge.
In Cambridge, the High Steward is elected by the members of the University Senate voting in person, one of that body's few remaining functions, and holds office until he or she voluntarily resigns or until the Senate otherwise determines. The Deputy High Steward is appointed by the High Steward by Letters Patent. The High Steward and the Deputy High Steward perform ""such duties as have heretofore been customary and any duties prescribed by Statute or Ordinance"". When the office of High Steward is vacant the duties of that office are performed by the Deputy High Steward.
In Oxford, the High Steward is appointed by the Chancellor of the University.

</doc>
<doc id="9855473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855473" title="HBG (time signal)">
HBG (time signal)

HBG was a low frequency time signal transmitter for the Swiss time reference system. It transmitted on 75 kHz with 20 kW power, and was located in Prangins, Switzerland.
Due to the cost of urgently needed renovation for the ageing antennas, and the ease with which all existing users could switch to the DCF77 time signal, the Swiss Federal Government decided to shut down HBG at the end of 2011.
HBG transmission ceased at 2012-01-01 07:00:13.2 UTC.
On 6 September 2012 at 12:02:00 UTC both antenna towers were demolished by controlled explosives.
The HBG transmission format was very similar to DCF77. At the beginning of each second (with the exception of the 59th), the carrier signal was interrupted for a period of 0.1 s or 0.2 s, which corresponded to a binary "0" or "1". The transmission of the minute, hour, calendar date, day of the week, month and current year was achieved by means of a BCD code identical to that of DCF77.
Like DCF77, the carrier was not interrupted during the last second of each minute.
Differences from the DCF77 time code:
It is understood that this frequency is now available in Europe, as well as any other part of the world, for time signal dissemination. 

</doc>
<doc id="9855520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855520" title="John Fiske (media scholar)">
John Fiske (media scholar)

John Fiske (born 1939) is a media scholar who has taught around the world. He was a Professor of Communication Arts at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. His areas of interest include popular culture, mass culture, media semiotics and television studies. He is the author of eight books, including "Power Plays, Power Works" (1993), "Understanding Popular Culture" (1989), "Reading the Popular" (1989), and the influential "Television Culture" (1987). Fiske also acts as a media critic, examining how cultural meaning is created in American society, and how debates over issues such as race are handled in different media. In May 2008, Fiske received an Honorary Degree from the University of Antwerp.
Career.
Fiske was educated in Britain. After graduating from Cambridge University he taught throughout the world including Australia, New Zealand, and the U.S. He was the general editor of "Cultural Studies" at Curtin University in Western Australia, Australia during the 1980s to early 1990s. He is the author of books on television studies on popular culture and mass media. Fiske's books analyze television shows as "texts" to examine the different layers of meaning and sociocultural content. Fiske disagrees with the theory that mass audiences consume the products that are offered to them without thought. Fiske rejects the notion of "the audience" which assumes an uncritical mass. He instead suggests "audiences" with various social backgrounds and identities enabling them to receive texts differently. 
Fiske's 1987 textbook on television, "Television Culture", introduces the subject of television studies by examining the economic and cultural issues and the theory and text-based criticism. It also gives an overview of the arguments by British, American, Australian and French scholars. It was "one of the first books about television to take seriously the feminist agenda that has been so important to the recent development of the field." Fiske is considered one of the first scholars applying semiotics to media texts following the tradition of poststructuralism, and coined the term semiotic democracy.
His life.
In 2000 he was granted Emeritus status as a Professor of Letters and Science/Communication Arts after having taught at the University for 12 years (University of Wisconsin, 2000). He has since retired from academia.

</doc>
<doc id="9855534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855534" title="Asterinidae">
Asterinidae

The Asterinidae are a large family of sea stars in the order Valvatida. It comprises about 21 genera and 116 species according to O'Loughlin & Waters (2004), whereas the World Asteroidea Database states that it includes 25 genera.
Genera.
Genera included in the family according to the World Asteroidea Database:

</doc>
<doc id="9855537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855537" title="Hapjeong Station">
Hapjeong Station

Hapjeong Station is a subterranean station of Seoul Subway Line 2 and Seoul Subway Line 6. The station is located just north of the Han River in Mapo-gu.
The station is the southern end of Hongdae area, which is the mecca of urban arts and indie music culture of Seoul. It is closest to the historical site of Jeoldu-san, a place where over 10,000 Koreans of the Roman Catholic faith were beheaded in 1866 under the orders of Daewon-gun. Yanghwajin Foreigners' Cemetery and the Holt International Children's Services are also located near the station. The northern end of Yanghwa Bridge is near the gates of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="9855539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855539" title="Partíu Asturianista">
Partíu Asturianista

Partíu Asturianista (PAS) is a nationalist political party from Asturias, Spain,founded in 1985 by Xuan Xosé Sánchez Vicente.
Ideology.
A social democratic political party, the PAS bases its Asturian nationalist ideology on Asturian history, defining Asturias as an "old European nation" rooted in the Kingdom of Asturias, which has its own culture, traditions and Asturian language. 
The defense of Asturian language] plays a pivotal role in the ideology of the party.
History.
After leaving the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party in 1983, X. X. Sánchez Vicente founded the "Partíu Asturianista", which was officially legalised in 1985. Among the primary political targets of the party was a reform of the "Asturian Statute of Autonomy", in which Asturias would be recognised as a Historical Nationality, the Asturian language would be granted official status (together with Spanish language), a statute that would guarantee the highest self-government possibilities recognized in the Spanish Constitution of 1978.
In 1988 the party held its first "National Conference", where the founding program is approved. The PAS decides then to take part in that year's regional elections, which finally placed the Partíu Asturianista as the fifth political power of Asturias. The PAS also ran for the European Parliament elections of 1989, being included in a coalition of nationalist parties from all Spain. 
During the first National Congress of 1991 the party approves the "Documentu d'Ideoloxía y Estratexa" (Document of Ideology and Political Strategy) and decides to form an electoral coalition with UNA, another Asturian nationalist party. In the elections of the 25 May 1991, PAS won one seat for Sánchez Vicente in the Asturian Parliament and five seats in five different municipalities. This was the first time an Asturian nationalist party got a member in the Parliament since the transition to democracy. A seat in the Parliament was obtained again in the elections of 1995, when the PAS also won the Mayor elections in Nava. 
Partíu Asturianista supported the Sergio Marqués Government of the Principality of Asturias from 1997 to 1999. As a result of this cooperation the "Llei d'Usu y Promoción de l'Asturianu" (Law of Promotion and Use of Asturian language) was approved, a law considered to be a prerequisite towards the future official status of Asturian and one of the biggest achievements in the history of the party. 
During the 2nd and 3rd National Congresses, held in 1994 and 1998 respectively, the party approves important documents like the "Ponencia d'Empobinamientu Políticu" (Report on Political Guideline) and other future political strategies.
Present.
PAS has been out of the Asturian Parliament from 1999. The organization took part in the regional elections of 2007 in coalition with URAS, both forming the Unión Asturianista (Asturianist Union), and currently the coalition has several mayors in various Asturian municipalities.

</doc>
<doc id="9855540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855540" title="Dorothy, Lady Pakington">
Dorothy, Lady Pakington

Dorothy, Lady Pakington (née Coventry) (1623–1679) was an English friend and supporter of learned clergymen, and a writer of religious works.
Biography.
Dorothy Coventry was the daughter of Sir Thomas Coventry and his second wife, Elizabeth (1583–1653), daughter of John Aldersey of Spurstow, Cheshire, and widow of William Pitchford. She married Sir John Pakington, 2nd Baronet (1621–1680), of Westwood, Worcestershire. The couple had at least three surviving children.
A fervent royalist, Dorothy Pakington wrote manuscript prayers, and shared in the circulation of religious and philosophical manuscripts in the group of clergymen around the king's chaplain Henry Hammond. The extent of her reputation is showed by the fact that contemporaries believed her the author of "The Whole Duty of Man". Although George Ballard defended this attribution, modern scholars instead follow two nineteenth-century writers - Richard Barham and C. E. Doble - who attributed the work to Hammond's friend Richard Allestree.

</doc>
<doc id="9855551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855551" title="List of Record of Lodoss War episodes">
List of Record of Lodoss War episodes

Three anime series based on the "Record of Lodoss War" novels and role playing games have been released in Japan in various forms. The first series, a 13 episode original video animation (OVA) produced by Madhouse Studios, was released in VHS format from June 30, 1990 through November 20, 1991. On August 5, 1995, the anime film "Legend of Crystania" was released, which itself was followed by a three episode OVA "Legend of Crystania: The Chaos Ring" which was released in VHS format from November 21, 1996 through April 23, 1997. A theatrical short, "Welcome to Lodoss Island" followed on April 25, 1998. Directed by Kōichi Chigira, the short was a cartoon-like skit series. The same year, AIC produced a 27 episode anime television series that continued the story of the first OVA series, but ignored its last third in order to adapt the original novel series more faithfully. "Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight" premiered on TV Tokyo on April 1, 1998 and ran until its conclusion on September 30, 1998.
Both "Record of Lodoss War" and "Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight" were licensed for an English language release in North America by Central Park Media. The "Legend of Crystania" OVA is licensed by ADV Films. 
"Record of Lodoss War" uses two pieces of theme music, both performed by Sherry: "Adèsso e Fortuna: Honō to Eien" which is used for the opening theme, and "Kaze no Fantasia" which is used for the ending theme. "Legend of Crystania" uses "The Map of Light" by Hitomi Mieno for its opening theme and "Save My Love" by Satoko Shimonari for its ending. "Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight" also uses two themes: Maaya Sakamoto's "Kiseki no Umi" is used for the opening and Chie Ishibashi's "Hikari no Suashi" for the ending.

</doc>
<doc id="9855556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855556" title="HMS K6">
HMS K6

HMS "K6" was a British K class submarine built by HM Dockyard, Devonport. She was laid down on 8 November 1915 and commissioned in May 1917.
"K6" was the first of the K class to have its bows raised by converting it into a bulbous swan shape.
In 1917, "K6" refused to surface during a submerged trial in North Dockyard, Devonport.
"K6" was involved in a serious exercise accident nicknamed the "Battle of May Island". She was responsible for ramming and slicing her in half.
"K6" was sold on 13 July 1926 at Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="9855579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855579" title="Tom Lodge">
Tom Lodge

Early life.
Lodge was a figure in British radio of the 1960s. He was a disc jockey on Radio Caroline. He was the son of the writer Oliver W F Lodge and his wife Diana, and a grandson of the physicist Sir Oliver Lodge. He was born on 16 April 1936, in Tanleather Cottage, Forest Green, Surrey.
When World War II broke out, his family left England. He was brought up in Maryland and Virginia. At the end of the war he returned with his family to England and lived near Painswick, Gloucestershire. He was educated at Bedales School, England, where he developed his interest in music. He took lessons on the violin and the clarinet, taught himself the guitar and mouth organ, and played the stand up bass in a four piece skiffle band, called the "Top Flat Ramblers". 
When Lodge was eighteen, he travelled to Hay River, Northwest Territories and worked in commercial fishing on the Great Slave Lake. While fishing with a colleague, he was blown out into open waters on an ice floe. His companion died, but Lodge was rescued by some trappers. He described his adventures in his first book, "Beyond the Great Slave Lake" (published by Cassells in 1957 and E.P. Dutton in 1958). In 1956 he returned to England. He married Jeanine Arpourettes in 1957. They returned to Hay River, Canada, where he ran a fishing business. They had three sons: Tom Jr. (b. 1959, Yellowknife, North West Territories, Canada), Brodie (b. 1961, London, England), and Lionel (b. 1962, Inverness, Scotland). All three sons are musicians, and song-writers, Brodie and Lionel singers also and currently living in Canada, Tom Jr is in his ninth year of a weekly Sunday (9-11 p.m. U.K. time) music show (originating as 'the two Toms' with Tom and Tom Jr) which Tom Jr uploads from Canada to Radio Caroline in the U.K., www.radiocaroline.co.uk . Radio Caroline turned fifty, March 2014, Tom also has 3 grandchildren, and two great granddaughters.
Broadcasting.
In the late 1950s Lodge moved to Yellowknife, where he worked in a goldmine until he joined the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation as an announcer on CFYK. On 27 May 1959, a son, Tom Lodge Jr. was born. Tom Jr. is currently a presenter on Radio Caroline. In 1960 Lodge became the CBC manager for a new radio station CBXH in Fort Smith, N.W.T., until he returned to England as a CBC correspondent. In 1964 Lodge joined England's first offshore pirate radio station Radio Caroline, as disc jockey and programme director. His book "The Ship that Rocked the World" describes his time there. The motion picture "Pirate Radio" is based on the novel. After the outlawing of the pirate radio ships in 1967 by the Marine Broadcasting Offences Act, he worked as a disc jockey for the BBC's newly created Radio 1.
In 1968 Lodge became a disc jockey on CHLO-AM, St Thomas, Ontario, Canada, where he continued to build his reputation for breaking new music. In 1970 he founded a creative program at Fanshawe College London, Ontario, Canada, called "Creative Electronics", which after two years he made into Music Industry Arts, a training program for recording engineers and record producers, and is still operating at Fanshawe College. Tom Sr although resigned from radio, he continued to contribute to his son Tom Jr's weekly radio Caroline show when he wanted to when he was able, also he did 2 last shows, for his beloved Radio Caroline one being his (first last show) personal history of Radio Caroline and the music that was integral, the other being a close look at the history and importance of the lead guitar with its solos, playing the lead guitar solos that changed rock n roll, both shows are still available in the Caroline web shop.
Umi.
In 1975, in California, Lodge began practising Zen. In January 1998 his Master changed his name to Umi and he began guiding people in Zen. He had a zendo, "Stillpoint Zen Community", near Santa Cruz, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9855589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855589" title="Patiriella">
Patiriella

Patiriella, commonly known as carpet sea star is a genus of sea stars of the family Asterinidae. Native to southern Australia, New Zealand, and southern America (Argentina and Chile), they are most often found in intertidal pools, and can vary greatly in colour between individuals. It contains the following species: 

</doc>
<doc id="9855602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855602" title="The Queen of Sheba's Pearls">
The Queen of Sheba's Pearls

"The Queen of Sheba's Pearls" is a 2004 Swedish-British drama film set in England post-WWII. Helena Bergström plays Nancy Ackerman who mysteriously arrives on the Pretty family doorstep. Ackerman looks eerily similar to Jack Bradley's (James Hawkins) mother who inexplicably died in an WWII-related accident 8 years prior. As the film progresses, it becomes clear that Ackerman is the identical twin separated from Jacks's mother at birth. Meanwhile Jack's father, a former marine, has clouded feelings for Ackerman; he cannot decide if his feelings for her are growing on their own merits or are based on those towards his deceased wife. Ackerman also proves to be an unsettling force in Jack's life by offering advice that turns out to be eerily omniscient and fairy godmother-like. The movie was produced, directed and written by Colin Nutley who also happens to be married to the film's star, Helena Bergström.
Awards and recognition.
According to IMDb, Jens Fischer was nominated for the Silver and Gold Frogs and won the Silver Frog at the 2005 Camerimage Festival for his work as the lighting director for the film. The Guldbagge Film Festival awarded Lasse Liljeholm and Eddie Axberg Best Achievement for sound editing and Jens Fischer was also awarded Best Cinematography. Finally, Colin Nutley was nominated for the Crystal Globe at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.
Reception and reviews.
A number of positive reviews followed the release of "The Queen of Sheba's Pearls". "Variety" magazine called the film "unquestionably [Nutley's] most substantial movie to date."
Sandra Hall, a British critic, provides a more clouded review of the film, saying that while Nutley is "not great on plot mechanics and narrative dovetailing. He's into vignettes rather than the big picture. Yet in its anecdotal way, the film somehow hangs together, shaping itself into a benign and sunny take on a plot device we've often seen before in films - about a fraying household rejuvenated by the presence of a seductive stranger." However, while critics, film analysts, and awards committees agreed that the film has superb casting and behind the scenes elements it is not especially popular or well-known with the general public as evidenced by the lack of comments and support on a number of public review sites including Flixster and Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="9855603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855603" title="Heraclius the Elder">
Heraclius the Elder

Heraclius the Elder (; ) (died 610) was an East Roman (Byzantine) general and the father of Byzantine Emperor Heraclius (r. 610–641). Of Armenian origin, the elder Heraclius distinguished himself in the wars against the Sassanid Persians in the 580s. Circa 600, he was appointed as the Exarch of Africa. In 608, he rebelled with his son against the usurper Phocas (r. 602–610). Using Africa as a base, the younger Heraclius managed to overthrow Phocas, beginning the Heraclian dynasty, which would rule Byzantium for a century. Heraclius the Elder died soon after receiving news of his son's accession.
Origin.
Heraclius was of Armenian origin. His origin is deduced by a passage of Theophylact Simocatta which considers him a native of Byzantine Armenia. The passage reports "And so Philippicus had learned during his journey that Priscus had been accredited as general by the emperor (Maurice); on reaching Tarsus he composed messages to Heraclius which indicated that, after leaving the army, he should return to his own city when he came to Armenia, and surrender the army to Narses, the commander of the city of Constantina". Heraclius' own city is not specifically mentioned. Mary and Michael Whitby suggest that Heraclius was at the time the "magister militum per Armeniam". If so, "his city" was Theodosiopolis (modern Erzurum), the headquarters of the Roman forces in Armenia. As the chief military stronghold along the northeastern border of the empire, Theodosiopolis held a highly important strategic location and was fiercely contested in wars between the Byzantines and Persians. Emperors Anastasius I and Justinian I both refortified the city and built new defenses during their reigns.
Nothing is known of the specific ancestry of Heraclius the Elder, but this has not prevented modern historians from speculating on the matter. Cyril Mango has supported a theory which suggests that he was a namesake descendant of Heraclius of Edessa, a 5th-century Roman general. A passage from Sebeos' "History" has been understood to suggest an Arsacid origin of Heraclius. This theory was strongly supported by Cyril Toumanoff, while considered likely by Alexander Vasiliev and Irfan Shahîd. John of Nikiû and Constantine Manasses seem to consider his son, Heraclius the Younger, to be a Cappadocian, which might indicate his place of birth rather than actual ancestry.
Family.
The "Historia syntomos" of Patriarch Nikephoros I of Constantinople mentions a single brother of Heraclius the Elder, named Gregoras, who was the father of Nicetas. Theophanes the Confessor mentions Epiphania as the mother of Emperor Heraclius, thus wife of Heraclius the Elder. Heraclius the Elder is mentioned as the father of Emperor Heraclius in several sources, including Theophylact, John of Nikiû, Nikephoros I, Theophanes, Agapius the historian, the "Suda", Georgios Kedrenos, Joannes Zonaras, Michael the Syrian, the "Chronicle of 1234" and Nikephoros Kallistos Xanthopoulos. In contrast, there is no source mentioning him in the same sentence as the siblings of Emperor Heraclius. That he was their father can be safely assumed though.
The best attested sibling of Heraclius the Younger was arguably Theodore. Maria, sister of Heraclius the Younger, is mentioned by Nikephoros I and identified as mother of Martina, whom Heraclius the Younger would go on to marry. It should be noted however that both Kedrenos and Michael the Syrian consider Martina to have been a daughter of an unnamed brother of Heraclius the Younger, thus casting some doubt on the precise relation. Finally, Theophanes briefly mentions another Gregoras as a brother of Heraclius the Younger on the occasion of the former's death at Heliopolis (modern Baalbek) c. 652/653. This is the only mention of this sibling. Theophanes however might have misunderstood the relation between Gregoras and the emperor.
Career.
Under Philippicus.
Heraclius the Elder is first mentioned in 586 as a general serving under Philippicus during the Roman–Persian War of 572–591. Heraclius commanded the center of the Byzantine army at the Battle of Solachon in spring 586. Following the battle, he was sent on a scouting mission to confirm the rumour of the arrival of Persian reinforcements.
The Byzantine force went on to invade Arzanene. Philippicus besieged Chlomaron, the chief city of the area. At this point Jovius and Maruthas, two local leaders, defected to the Byzantines. They promised to help locate the ideal positions for building impregnable forts that would control the passage through the Taurus Mountains and Hakkâri, allowing the Byzantines to control the routes that connected Arzanene with Persarmenia and Lower Mesopotamia. Philippicus assigned Heraclius, noted at this point as his second-in-command ("hypostrategos"), to follow the guides to the strong points indicated.
Twenty men accompanied Heraclius in the mission. They left without their armour. Their party soon encountered Kardarigan leading a new Persian army. Theophylact notes that "Kardarigan was marching against the Romans, having enrolled throngs, who were not soldiers but men inexperienced in martial clamour; he had in addition assembled a herd of baggage animals and camels, and was moving forwards." Nevertheless, Kardarigan attempted to attack Heraclius' ill-equipped unit, and Heraclius had to escape by moving from ridge to ridge. By night, he sent a messenger to warn Philippicus of the approaching threat.
Philippicus' forces fled in disorder back into Roman territory. He managed to reach Amida and then set about restoring the old forts on Mount Izala. There, possibly due to illness, he handed over command of his army to Heraclius. Theophylact narrates: " He gave part of the army to Heraclius, since he was himself overwhelmed by pain and unable to fight. Heraclius marshaled his soldiery and camped opposite the foothills of Izala, or rather the banks of the river Tigris. Accordingly Heraclius left Thamanon [a location on the eastern banks of the Tigris, advanced towards the southern parts of Media, and ravaged the whole of that area. He even traversed the Tigris and urged the army forward, burning everything of importance in that part of Media. Then he re-entered the Roman state, circled past Theodosiopolis, and once again rejoined the men with Philippicus". Theophylact indicates Philipiccus and Heraclius wintered together at Theodosiopolis.
In spring 587, Philippicus was again ill, and unable to campaign in person. He assigned two thirds of his army to Heraclius and the remainder to generals Theodore and Andreas, and sent them to raid Persian territory. Heraclius besieged an unnamed strong fort, relentlessly using his siege engines day and night until it fell. After installing a garrison in the captured fort, Theophanes the Confessor reports that Heraclius proceeded to join general Theodore at the siege of Beioudaes, but this seems to be an error. Theophanes seems to have misunderstood the relevant passage of Theophylact which has Theodore and Andreas joining at that siege.
In late 587, Philippicus planned to return to Constantinople, leaving Heraclius in charge of the army for the winter season. Heraclius took measures to restore discipline to the troops. According to Theophylact, "Heraclius inflicted penalties for desertion on the vagrants from the Roman force; and those who had bidden farewell to labour, and who were aimlessly wandering hither and thither, were converted to good sense by punishments." In early 588, Emperor Maurice (r. 582–602) replaced Philippicus with Priscus. Philippicus wrote to Heraclius, ordering him to leave the army in the care of Narses and return to Armenia. But the same letters notified the soldiers of an imperial decree which reduced their pay by one-quarter. This led to a mutiny of the troops, who refused to follow Priscus' orders. The mutiny was only ended when the order was rescinded and Philippicus re-appointed as commander of the eastern army.
Under Comentiolus.
Heraclius resurfaces a year later, under the command of Comentiolus, in the Battle of Sisarbanon (autumn 589), in the vicinity of Nisibis. According to the account of Theophylact, Comentiolus supposedly fled towards Theodosiopolis (modern Ra's al-'Ayn) while the battle was still ongoing. Heraclius took charge of the remaining troops and led them to victory. Theophylact however lived and wrote during the reign of Heraclius the Younger, and is strongly biased in favour of his father. His account is thus suspect of exaggerating or even inventing Comentiolus' cowardice with the aim of glorifying Heraclius. The contemporary Evagrius Scholasticus for instance credits Comentiolus with being in the thick of combat, and does not mention Heraclius the Elder at all.
Armenian revolt.
Heraclius is mentioned again c. 595 as "magister militum per Armeniam", probably succeeding John Mystacon. The history of Sebeos provides the main account of his term. He was sent by Maurice to face Armenian rebels led by Samuel Vahewuni and Atat Khorkhoruni. Heraclius was assisted by Hamazasp Mamikonian.
""Then emperor ordered the general Heraclius who was located in the country of Armenia to take his troops and go against rebels in battle. ... Then rebels looted whatever they found, taking a great deal of booty, and departed to the secure Korduats' country. They wanted to have the stronghold there. Now the Byzantine forces with general Heraclius and Hamazasp Mamikonean pursued them. rebels approached the stronghold, crossing by bridge the river called Jermay (which is styled Daniel's bridge). They cut down the bridge and fortified themselves in a pass where they held the site of the bridge. Byzantines were on the riverbank wondering what to do. Because they were unable to find a ford, they wanted to depart. But unexpectedly, a traveling priest strayed into their midst. They seized him and said: "If you do not show us the river's ford, we will kill you." [The traveller took the forces and showed them the ford a place below where they were. All the troops crossed the river. Some of them held over the stronghold, others the bridgehead. held the mouth of the valley, others entered the stronghold and battled with them. The devastation was enormous, and [the rebels were worn out." 
"Killed in the battle were Nerses, Vstam, and Samuel, who killed quite a few around them in fight. But Sargis and Varaz Nerseh were arrested along with some others. They were taken to the city of Karin and later beheaded. When they were about to be beheaded, Varaz Nerseh said to Sargis: "Let's cast lots to see whom they kill first." But Sargis replied: "I am an old, blame-worthy man. I beg you, grant me this little respite, that I not see your death." So they beheaded him first. Now T'eodoros Trpatuni fled to the court of the Iranian king (Khosrau II), for refuge. But [the king ordered him bound and delivered into the hands of his enemies to be put to death. And king visited severe misfortunes upon him.
Heraclius seems to have been replaced by Suren. His service in Armenia was brief, but arguably reinforced his ties to the country.
Exarch of Africa.
Heraclius is next mentioned in 608 as Patrician and Exarch of Africa. According to Patriarch Nikephoros, Heraclius had been appointed to the position by Maurice, thus prior to the latter's deposition and death in 602. He might have replaced Innocentius, a temporary exarch appointed between 598 and 600. The appointment suggests that Heraclius enjoyed the favor of Maurice and would have reason to remain loyal to him. Heraclius and his African court notably lamented the death and execution of Maurice and posthumously praised the fallen emperor.
The exarchs of Africa were effectively Governor-Generals with both civilian and military powers. Their seat of power was Carthage. Historians of the late 19th and early 20th centuries ascribed much significance to this appointment, even suggesting it would require prominent ties of Heraclius to Africa or the wider Western Roman Empire. Later historians pointed however that this appointment was part of a wider pattern. In the 6th century, several prominent Byzantine military commanders had started their careers in the eastern regions of the Empire, often in the vicinity of Upper Mesopotamia. Then they were transferred to North Africa at some point in their respective careers. There is therefore no indication that this rotation from the eastern to the western provinces was unusual.
Charles Diehl regarded early 7th-century Byzantine Africa to have undergone an economic and demographic decline, being under constant threat by hostile Berbers. Later historians have had to revise this pictures in light of archaeological evidence, however: the Exarchate was among the most affluent areas of the Byzantine Empire, though of lesser wealth and significance than Egypt. It seems to have seen much less warfare than the Balkans, Mesopotamia and the Caucasus did in that era, thus allowing its residents a safer way of life. There is evidence of ongoing trade between Byzantine Africa and Frankish Gaul during the 7th century. Agriculture was thriving, particularly in the vicinity of the Medjerda River. The production of grain, olive oil and wine kept the local population well-fed and probably supplied their maritime trade. Fishing seems to have been another thriving field. The local elite seems to have invested in the building of churches. The main testaments to their existence and activities are examples of funerary art, particularly mosaics. Heraclius seems to have established ties with this elite. His son, Heraclius the Younger, married his first wife Eudokia during the 7th century. Her father was Rogas, a landowner in the Exarchate.
Revolt against Phocas.
In 608, the Exarchate of Africa under Heraclius the Elder revolted against Emperor Phocas. The subsequent campaign against Phocas was portrayed by Byzantine historians as avenging the death of Maurice, which might have been part of the motivation of this revolt. The other part however would be what Walter Emil Kaegi termed "cold political calculations": Carthage was at a safe distance from Constantinople and Phocas could not easily launch an attack against it. The relative wealth of the Exarchate of Africa could well enough finance a revolt. Phocas' regime arguably needed the grain and revenues from Africa, while the Exarchate sustained itself with relative ease. Meanwhile, the Persiah shah Khosrau II had secured control of Dara and was mobilizing his troops for a large-scale invasion into Byzantine territories. News of this campaign could have well reached Heraclius. With Phocas facing two separate military fronts, the emperor would be unable to concentrate the majority of his troops on either one of them, encouraging Heraclius of his chances to succeed in this confrontation.
After their revolt, Heraclius the Elder and Heraclius the Younger were proclaimed joint consuls. There is no indication in the sources on how this was achieved, i.e. whether Heraclius was self-appointed or officially proclaimed by the Senate of Carthage, "whose members had no legal right to designate a Roman consul". Nevertheless, the significance of the proclamation was evident. No private individuals had been proclaimed consuls since the reign of Justinian I (527–565). Since then it was merely another title exclusively used by the Byzantine Emperors. By this proclamation Heraclius was arguably making a first step towards becoming emperor himself, while legitimizing his connection to the long history of Rome. The mints of Carthage and later Alexandria produced coins depicting Heraclius and his namesake son wearing consular robes.
John of Antioch and the Patriarch Nikephoros both report that Heraclius the Elder maintained correspondence with Priscus, the Count of the Excubitors and former commander of the army. By that time Priscus was the son-in-law of Phocas but reportedly held a grudge against the emperor. He allegedly promised Heraclius support in case of a rebellion and confirmed it once the rebellion had started. The story is somewhat suspect. While there was major dissension in Constantinople and Priscus did in time defect to Heraclius, there is nothing to suggest that Priscus helped incite the revolt. Patriarch Nikephoros reports that Heraclius the Elder held council with his brother Gregoras before proclaiming his revolt, possibly indicating that Gregoras was acting as his advisor. He also reports that Gregoras hoped to promote his own son Nicetas to the throne, although this is considered unlikely at best by modern historians.
The situation in 609–610 was quickly becoming dire for Phocas and his loyalists. Their defense against the Sassanid Empire had failed. There were Persian forces in Mesopotamia, Armenia, Syria and the Anatolian provinces. Rebel Byzantine forces held Africa and Egypt. Slavs were occupying northern Illyricum. In Thessalonica and various towns of Anatolia and Syria, the Blues and Greens were settling their differences with open conflict. In areas of Syria, the Jews were revolting and lynching Christians. Even in Constantinople, the crowds taunted Phocas for his love of liquor, implying alcoholism.
In 610, the Persian general Shahrbaraz was approaching Antioch. But the Persian front was not the immediate threat: the rebels of Africa were. Having secured control of Egypt, they proceeded to invade Syria and Cyprus while a large fleet under Heraclius the Younger set sail for Constantinople. Supporters from Sicily, Crete and Thessalonica were joining his campaign. The rebels reached Constantinople in October 610. The only forces available to Phocas to defend the city were the Excubitors of his bodyguard and the irregular forces of the Blues and Greens, the city's racing factions. Priscus, the commander of the Excubitors, chose the moment to reveal his allegiance to Heraclius. The Greens also changed sides. Constantinople fell with relative ease.
Heraclius the Younger became the new emperor. Phocas was executed, along with several of his kinsmen and loyalists. According to John of Nikiu, Heraclius the Elder rejoiced at the news of his son rising to the throne, but died soon afterwards.
Assessment.
While Heraclius the Elder was a prominent general of his time, his military achievements were rather modest. The Byzantine historians covering his career were arguably attempting to magnify their importance to give Heraclius the Younger an exalted ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="9855609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855609" title="PostScript fonts">
PostScript fonts

PostScript fonts are outline font specifications developed by Adobe Systems for professional digital typesetting, which uses PostScript file format to encode font information.
History.
Type 1 and Type 3 fonts though introduced by Adobe in 1984 as part of the PostScript page description language, did not see widespread use until March 1985, when the first laser printer to use the PostScript language, the Apple LaserWriter, was introduced. Even then, in 1985, the outline fonts were resident only in the printer, and the screen used bitmap fonts to jaggedly represent the outline font's appearance.
Although originally part of PostScript, Type 1 fonts used a simplified set of drawing operations compared to ordinary PostScript (programmatic elements such as loops and variables were removed, much like PDF), but Type 1 fonts added "hints" to help low-resolution rendering. Originally, Adobe kept the details of their hinting scheme undisclosed and used a (simple) encryption scheme to protect Type 1 outlines and hints, which still persists today (although the encryption scheme and key has since been published by Adobe). Despite these measures, Adobe's scheme was quickly reverse engineered by other players in the industry. Adobe nevertheless required anyone working with Type 1 fonts to license their technology.
Type 3 fonts allowed for all the sophistication of the PostScript language, but without the standardized approach to hinting (though some companies such as ATF implemented their own proprietary schemes) or an encryption scheme. Other differences further added to the confusion.
The cost of the licensing was considered very high at this time, and Adobe continued to stonewall on more attractive rates. It was this issue that led Apple to design their own system, TrueType, around 1991. Immediately following the announcement of TrueType, Adobe published ”Adobe type 1 font format”, a detailed specification for the format. Font development tools such as Fontographer added the ability to create Type 1 fonts. The Type 2 format has since been used as one basis for the modern OpenType Format.
Technology.
By using PostScript (PS) language, the glyphs are described with cubic Bézier curves (as opposed to the quadratic curves of TrueType), and thus a single set of glyphs can be resized through simple mathematical transformations, which can then be sent to a PostScript-ready printer. Because the data of Type 1 is a description of the outline of a glyph and not a raster image (i.e. a bitmap), Type 1 fonts are commonly referred to as "outline fonts," as opposed to bitmap fonts. For users wanting to preview these typefaces on an electronic display, small versions of a font need extra hints and anti-aliasing to look legible and attractive on screen. This often came in the form of an additional bitmap font of the same typeface, optimized for screen display. Otherwise, in order to preview the Type 1 fonts in typesetting applications, the Adobe Type Manager utility was required.
Font type.
Type 0.
Type 0 is a "composite" font format - as described in the PostScript Language Reference Manual, 2nd Edition. A composite font is composed of a high-level font that references multiple descendent fonts.
Type 1.
Type 1 (also known as PostScript, PostScript Type 1, PS1, T1 or Adobe Type 1) is the font format for single-byte digital fonts for use with Adobe Type Manager software and with PostScript printers. It can support font hinting.
It was originally a proprietary specification, but Adobe released the specification to third-party font manufacturers provided that all Type 1 fonts adhere to it.
Type 1 fonts are natively supported in Mac OS X, and in Windows XP and later via the GDI API. (They are not supported in the Windows GDI+, WPF or DirectWrite APIs.)
Type 2.
Type 2 is a character string format that offers a compact representation of the character description procedures in an outline font file. The format is designed to be used with the Compact Font Format (CFF). The CFF/Type2 format is the basis for Type 1 OpenType fonts, and is used for embedding fonts in Acrobat 3.0 PDF files (PDF format version 1.2).
Type 3.
Type 3 font (also known as PostScript Type 3 or PS3, T3 or Adobe Type 3) consists of glyphs defined using the full PostScript language, rather than just a subset. Because of this, a Type 3 font can do some things that Type 1 fonts cannot do, such as specify shading, color, and fill patterns. However, it does not support hinting. Adobe Type Manager did not support Type 3 fonts, and they are not supported as native WYSIWYG fonts on any version of Mac OS or Windows.
Type 4.
Type 4 is a format that was used to make fonts for printer font cartridges and for permanent storage on a printer's hard disk. The character descriptions are expressed in the Type 1 format. Adobe does not document this proprietary format.
Type 5.
Type 5 is similar to the Type 4 format but is used for fonts stored in the ROMs of a PostScript printer. It is also known as CROM font (Compressed ROM font).
Types 9, 10, 11.
Ghostscript referred them as CID font types 0, 1, and 2 respectively, documented in Adobe supplements. Types 9, 10, 11 are CIDkeyed fonts for storing Types 1, 3, 42 respectively.
Type 14.
Type 14, or the Chameleon font format, is used to represent a large number of fonts in a small amount of storage space. The core set of Chameleon fonts consists of one Master Font, and a set of font descriptors that specify how the Master Font is to be adjusted to give the desired set of character shapes for a specific typeface.
Adobe does not document the Type 14 format.
Type 32.
Type 32 is used for downloading bitmap fonts to PostScript interpreters with version number 2016 or greater. The bitmap characters are transferred directly into the interpreter's font cache, thus saving space in the printer's memory.
Type 42.
The Type 42 font format is a PostScript wrapper around a TrueType font, allowing PostScript-capable printers containing a TrueType rasterizer (which was first implemented in PostScript interpreter version 2010 as an optional feature, later standard) to print TrueType fonts. Support for multibyte CJK TrueType fonts was added in PostScript version 2015. The out-of-sequence choice of the number 42 is said to be a jesting reference to "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", where 42 is the Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything.
Core Font Set.
In addition to font types, PostScript specifications also defined the Core Font Set, which dictates the minimum number of fonts, and character sets to be supported by each font.
In original PostScript, there are 13 base fonts:
In PostScript Level 2, there are 35 fonts, which is a superset of the 13 base fonts:
In PostScript 3, 136 fonts are specified, which includes the standard 35 fonts; core fonts in Windows 95, Windows NT and Macintosh; selected fonts from Microsoft Office and the HP 110 font set. New fonts include:
In PDF, the following 14 fonts are defined:
However, in recent versions of Adobe Reader, Helvetica and Times were internally replaced by Arial and Times New Roman respectively.
Character sets.
Although PostScript fonts can contain any character set, there are character sets specifically developed by Adobe, which are used by fonts developed by Adobe.
Adobe Western 2.
It includes a basic character set containing upper and lowercase letters, figures, accented characters, and punctuation. These fonts also contain currency symbols (cent, dollar, euro, florin, pound sterling, yen), standard ligatures (fi, fl), common fractions (1/4, 1/2, 3/4), common mathematics operators, superscript numerals (1,2,3), common delimiters and conjoiners, and other symbols (including daggers, trademark, registered trademark, copyright, paragraph, litre and estimated symbol). Compared to the ISO-Adobe character set, Western 2 also adds 17 additional symbol characters: euro, litre, estimated, omega, pi, partialdiff, delta, product, summation, radical, infinity, integral, approxequal, notequal, lessequal, greaterequal, and lozenge.
Fonts with an Adobe Western 2 character set support most western languages including Afrikaans, Basque, Breton, Catalan, Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, Gaelic, German, Icelandic, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Sami, Spanish, Swahili and Swedish.
This standard superseded ISO-Adobe as the new minimum character set standard as implemented in OpenType fonts from Adobe.
Adobe CE.
Fonts with an Adobe CE character set also include the characters necessary to support the following central European languages: Croatian, Czech, Estonian, Hungarian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Polish, Romanian, Serbian (Latin), Slovak, Slovenian and Turkish.
Adobe-GB1.
This Simplified Chinese character collection provides support for the GB 1988-89, GB 2312-80, GB/T 12345-90, GB 13000.1-93, and GB 18030-2005 character set standards. Supported encodings include ISO-2022, EUC-CN, GBK, UCS-2, UTF-8, UTF-16, UTF-32, and the mixed one, two- and four-byte encoding as published in GB 18030-2005.
Adobe-CNS1.
This Traditional Chinese character collection provides support for the Big-5 and CNS 11643-1992 character set standards. It also includes support for a number of extensions to Big-5, which contain characters used mainly in the Hong Kong locale. Primary supported Big-5 extensions include HKSCS.
Supported encodings include ISO-2022, EUC-TW, Big Five, UCS-2, UTF-8, UTF-16, and UTF-32.
Adobe-Japan1.
It is a series of character sets developed for Japanese fonts. Adobe's latest, the Adobe-Japan1-6 set covers character sets from JIS X 0208, ISO-2022-JP, Microsoft Windows 3.1 J, JIS X 0213:2004, JIS X 0212-1990, Kyodo News U-PRESS character set.
Adobe-Japan2.
It was originally as an implementation of JIS X 0212-1990 character set standard and the Macintosh extensions, but with the introduction of Adobe-Japan1 supplement 6 (Adobe-Japan1-6) standard, Adobe-Japan2-0 became obsolete.
Adobe-Korea1.
This Korean character collection is provides support for the KS X 1001:1992 and KS X 1003:1992 character set standards, and their selected corporate variations. Supported encodings include ISO-2022-KR, EUC-KR, Johab, UHC, UCS-2, UTF-8, UTF-16, and UTF-32.
ISO-Adobe.
Fonts with an ISO-Adobe character set support most western languages including: Afrikaans, Basque, Breton, Catalan, Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, Gaelic, German, Icelandic, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Sami, Spanish, Swahili and Swedish. This is the standard character set in most PostScript Type 1 fonts from Adobe.
File formats.
CID.
The CID-keyed font (also known as CID font, CID-based font, short for Character Identifier font) is a font structure, originally developed for PostScript font formats, designed to address a large number of glyphs. It was developed to support pictographic East Asian character sets, as these comprise many more characters than the Latin, Greek and Cyrillic writing systems.
Adobe developed CID-keyed font formats to solve problems with the OCF/Type 0 format, for addressing complex Asian-language (CJK) encoding and very large character sets. CID-keyed internals can be used with the Type 1 font format for standard CID-keyed fonts, or Type 2 for CID-keyed OpenType fonts.
CID-keyed fonts often reference "character collections," static glyph sets defined for different language coverage purposes. Although in principle any font maker may define character collections, Adobe's are the only ones in wide usage. Each character collection has an encoding which maps Character IDs to glyphs. Each member glyph in a character collection is identified by a unique character identifier (CID). Such CIDs are generally supplemental to other encodings or mappings such as Unicode.
Character collections are uniquely named by registry, ordering and supplement, such as "Adobe-Japan1-6." The registry is the developer (such as Adobe). The so-called "ordering" gives the purpose of the collection (for example, "Japan1"). The supplement number (such as 6) indicates incremental additions: for a given language, there may be multiple character collections of increasing size, each a superset of the last, using a higher supplement number. The Adobe-Japan1-0 collection is 8284 glyphs, while Adobe-Japan1-6 is 23,058 glyphs.
CID-keyed fonts may be made without reference to a character collection by using an "identity" encoding, such as Identity-H (for horizontal writing) or Identity-V (for vertical). Such fonts may each have a unique character set, and in such cases the CID number of a glyph is not informative; generally the Unicode encoding is used instead, potentially with supplemental information.
CID-keyed fonts internally have their character sets divided into "rows," with the advantage that each row may have different global hinting parameters applied.
In theory it would be possible to make CID-keyed OpenType versions of western fonts. This would seem desirable for some such fonts because of the hinting advantages. However, according to Adobe, much of the software infrastructure (applications, drivers, operating systems) makes incorrect assumptions about CID-keyed fonts in ways that makes such fonts behave badly in real-world usage.
Adobe ClearScan technology (as from Acrobat 9) creates custom Type1-CID fonts to match the visual appearance of a scanned document after optical character recognition (OCR). ClearScan (in Acrobat 9) does not replace the fonts with your system fonts or substitute them by Type1-MM (as in Acrobat 8 and earlier versions), but uses these newly created custom fonts. The custom fonts are embedded in the PDF file (this is obviously mandatory).
Compact Font Format.
Compact Font Format (also known as CFF font format, Type 2 font format, or CFF/Type 2 font format) is a lossless compaction of the Type 1 format using Type 2 charstrings. It is designed to use less storage space than Type 1 fonts, by using operators with multiple arguments, various predefined default values, more efficient allotment of encoding values and shared subroutines within a FontSet (family of fonts).
The so-called PostScript or Type 1 flavor of OpenType fonts, also called OpenType CFF, contains glyph outlines and hints in a CFF table.
CFF fonts can be embedded in PDF files, starting with PDF version 1.2. It is the usual approach to representing a Type 1 font within PDF.
CID-keyed fonts can be represented within CFF with Type 2 charstrings for CID-keyed OpenType fonts.
A Type 1 font can be losslessly converted into CFF/Type2 format and back.
Multiple Master.
Multiple master fonts (or MM fonts) are an extension to Adobe Systems' Type 1 PostScript fonts. Multiple master fonts contain one or more "masters" — that is, original font styles, e.g. a light, a regular and a bold version — and enable a user to interpolate these font styles along a continuous range of "axes." While Multiple Master font are not common in end user fonts anymore, they still play an important role when developing complex font families.
OpenType.
PostScript glyph data can be embedded in OpenType font files, but OpenType fonts are not limited to using PostScript outlines. PostScript outlines in OpenType fonts are encoded in the Type2 Compact Font Format (CFF).
OpenType conversion.
When Adobe converted PostScript Type 1 and Type 1 multiple master fonts to OpenType CFF format, they were made based on the last Type 1/MM versions from the Adobe Type Library fonts. In addition to file format change, there are other changes:
For many Adobe Originals fonts, particularly those designed by Robert Slimbach, Adobe did some degree of redesign along with the conversion to OpenType.
The typeface Helvetica Narrow was not converted to OpenType, because the Type 1 original was a mathematically squished version of Helvetica, rather than an actually designed condensed typeface. This was originally done to conserve ROM space in PostScript printers.
As a result of the above changes, Adobe no longer guarantees metric compatibility between Type 1 and OpenType fonts. However, Adobe claims the change is minimal for Adobe (not Adobe Originals) fonts, if:
Original Composite Font.
Original Composite Font format (which uses a Type 0 file structure) was Adobe's first effort to implement a format for fonts with large character sets, debuted with PostScript level 2.
Adobe then developed the CID-keyed font file format which was designed to offer better performance and a more flexible architecture for addressing the complex Asian-language encoding and character set issues. Adobe does not document or support OCF font format.
OCF font metrics are described in Adobe Composite Font Metrics file.
Adobe Font Metrics, Adobe Composite Font Metrics, Adobe Multiple Font Metrics.
Adobe Font Metrics (AFM), Adobe Composite Font Metrics (ACFM), Adobe Multiple Font Metrics (AMFM) files contain general font information and font metrics information for the font program. These files are generally used directly only in Unix environments.
An AFM file provides both global metrics for a font program and the metrics of each individual character.
The metrics of a multiple master font are described by one AMFM file, which specifies the control data and global font information, plus one AFM file for each of the master designs in the font.
An ACFM file provides information about the structure of a composite font. Specifically, the global metrics of the composite font program and the global metrics of each of its immediately descendent font programs. ACFM file does not associate with a base font, but act as the top-level structure of a composite font. The character metrics of individual characters in the composite font are described completely by one of more associated AFM files.
The formats are sufficiently similar that a compliant parser can parse AFM, ACFM, and AMFM files.
Printer Font ASCII.
Printer Font ASCII (PFA) is an ASCII version of PFB, usually carrying ".PFA" file name extension. It contains a font's glyph data. PFA is the form of the font used by PostScript-language interpreters, and is also the preferred format for Type 1 fonts used in UNIX environments.
Printer Font Binary.
Printer Font Binary (PFB) is a binary PostScript font format created by Adobe Systems, usually carrying ".PFB" file name extension. It contains a font's glyph data.
Printer Font Metric.
Printer Font Metric (PFM) is a binary version of AFM, usually carrying ".PFM" file name extension. It contains font metric information.
The PFM format is documented in the Windows 3.1 ""Printers and Fonts Kit"" help file (PFK31WH.HLP). Some details are also covered in the Windows 3.1 ""Device Drivers Adaptation Guide"" help file (DDAG31WH.HLP). Both of those documents are part of the Windows 3.1 Device Development Kit (DDK), which is still available (October 2008) to MSDN subscribers.
.INF.
.inf (INFormation) files contain application-specific information in plain ASCII text, such as font menu names for Windows and DOS-based applications. When a font is installed in Windows, the ATM Installer software takes the AFM and the INF file as input and generates the required PFM file at installation time. The AFM and INF files are not installed in the user's system.
.MMM.
. MMM files are used for the metric data needed by multiple master fonts for the Windows environment.
.OFM.
. OFM is the extension used by OS/2 for its version of binary font metrics file, starting from version 2.1.
Windows support.
Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows NT and Windows Me do not support Type 1 fonts natively. Adobe Type Manager is needed in order to use these fonts on these operating systems. Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Vista support Type 1 fonts natively through GDI calls. The Windows Presentation Foundation introduced in Windows Vista, which is also available for Windows XP however drops support for Type 1 fonts, in favor of Type 2 fonts.
For Windows platforms that natively support PostScript, only binary PostScript and OpenType file formats are supported.
Windows Presentation Foundation (formerly codenamed Avalon) in Windows Vista supports rasterizing OpenType CFF/Type 2 fonts, whereas Type 1 fonts will still be supported in GDI, but not in GDI+.
PostScript font utilities.
The t1utils font utility package by I. Lee Hetherington and Eddie Kohler provides tools for decoding Type 1 fonts into a human-readable, and editable format (t1disasm), reassembling them back into fonts (t1asm), for converting between the ASCII and binary formats (t1ascii and t1binary), and for converting from Macintosh PostScript format to Adobe PostScript font format (unpost).

</doc>
<doc id="9855611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855611" title="Norwich High School for Girls">
Norwich High School for Girls

Norwich High School for Girls is an independent day school for girls Norwich, Norfolk, England. It was founded in 1875 and is now one of the twenty-nine schools of the Girls' Day School Trust. The school has one of the best academic records in Norfolk. 
It consists of four sections, the Polliwiggle Nursery (Polliwiggle is the Norfolk dialect word for tadpole), Stafford House (the primary section of the school), Eaton Grove (the lower years of the secondary section) and the Sixth Form. A single-sex school, it educates girls from three to eighteen. 
Year Naming.
Norwich High School uses its own nomenclature for the year groups.
Stafford House
Facilities.
The school's range of facilities include playing fields, tennis courts, a 25-metre, indoor heated swimming pool, a gym, a sports hall, a state-of-the-art performing arts studio and a variety of learning tools including Language Labs, a well-stocked library, five computing suites and several Science Laboratories.
Scholarships.
Academic scholarships and means-tested bursaries are offered upon entry to Upper III and Lower VI. The scholarships offered in Upper III are music scholarships based on the performance of the candidate in an audition and academic scholarships on their performance in the transfer or entrance to the senior school examination, whereas the scholarships offered in Lower VI are based on the performance in an optional examination based on English, Mathematics, Science and a foreign language of the candidate's choice from French, German or Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="9855612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855612" title="Philippine Martial Law referendum, 1973">
Philippine Martial Law referendum, 1973

National referendum in which the Citizen's Assemblies voted for:
The referendum was set on July 27 - July 28, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="9855621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855621" title="The Draft (band)">
The Draft (band)

The Draft are a band featuring Hot Water Music members Jason Black, George Rebelo and Chris Wollard. The band also features guitarist Todd Rockhill of Black Cougar Shock Unit, Discount and a host of other Gainesville, Florida based acts.
The Draft formed soon after the departure of singer/guitarist Chuck Ragan from Hot Water Music. The three remaining members of the band wanted to continue making music together, but decided not to continue under the Hot Water Music name, choosing instead to start fresh.
In 2006, The Draft began touring. Their debut album, "In a Million Pieces", was released on September 12, 2006.
On March 13, 2007, The Draft released a self-titled digital EP through all major music download services.
In mid-October 2007, The Draft released the We'll Never Know/Hard to Be Around It 7" on No Idea Records. The two songs are also available through iTunes.
The Draft reunited for a tour in summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9855622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855622" title="Sir George Bowyer, 7th Baronet">
Sir George Bowyer, 7th Baronet

Sir George Bowyer, 7th Baronet and 3rd Baronet DL (8 October 1811 – 7 June 1883) was a British Barrister-at-Law and Liberal politician.
Born in Radley Hall in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), he was the son of Sir George Bowyer, 6th Baronet and Anne Hammond Douglas. Bowyer was a cadet at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich and was then called to the Bar by the Middle Temple in 1836. He received an honorary Master of Arts by the University of Oxford in 1839 and an honorary Doctor of Civil Laws in 1844. One year later, he changed to Lincoln's Inn. In 1860, he succeeded to both baronetcies held by his father.
Having contested Reading in the Reading by-election, 1849, Bowyer became a Member of Parliament (MP) for Dundalk from 1852 to 1868 and for Wexford County from 1874 to 1880. The Roman Catholic Church of St John of Jerusalem in Great Ormond Street in London was built at his own cost. He was made a Knight of Justice of the Order of Malta, a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Gregory the Great and a Grand Collar of the Constantian Order of St George of Naples. Bowyer served as chamberlain to Pius IX, who appointed him a Knight of the Great Ribbon of the Order of Pius IX. He was further a Deputy Lieutenant of Berkshire. He was a member of the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, at one time he led a procession under a banner named Loyal Bowyer Union Lodge of Odd Fellows.
Bowyer died in King's Bench Walk in London, unmarried. He was found dead in his bed and was buried in Radley in Berkshire on 7 June 1883. He was succeeded by his younger brother.

</doc>
<doc id="9855632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855632" title="Harbourne Blue">
Harbourne Blue

Harbourne Blue is a goat's cheese produced by Robin Congdon at Ticklemore Cheese Company in Devon, near Totnes. It is made by hand by using local milk. Maturation is around 10 weeks in which it forms a crumby, dense and firm texture with 48% fat content. It can easily overwhelm milder cheeses as the flavors are spicy and assertive.

</doc>
<doc id="9855637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855637" title="The Dance of the Voodoo Handbag">
The Dance of the Voodoo Handbag

The Dance of the Voodoo Handbag is a novel by the British author Robert Rankin that incorporates elements of fantasy and science fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="9855639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855639" title="Bridport Railway">
Bridport Railway

The Bridport Railway was a railway branch line that operated in the county of Dorset in England. It connected Bridport with the main line network at Maiden Newton, and opened on 12 November 1857. It was extended to West Bay in 1884, but the extension was not well used and it closed to passengers in 1930.
The entire branch closed in 1975.
Origins.
During the 1840s a number of railway schemes had been proposed, that would have put Bridport on a main line from London to Exeter. This included the Bridport and Exeter Railway, and schemes to extend the London and South Western Railway to Exeter from Dorchester. As late as 1853 there was a firm proposal to build such a line, but it fell through and the present-day route via Yeovil was adopted instead.
Dismayed at being abandoned from the main line system, businessmen in Bridport observed that the Great Western Railway (GWR) was making plans to extend its partly built line, the Wilts, Somerset and Weymouth Railway (WS&WR) from Castle Cary to Weymouth and they resolved to build a branch line to connect their town to that line. (The incorporating Act of the WS&WR had originally authorised a branch to Bridport).
Accordingly on 5 May 1855 they obtained the authorising Act of Parliament to build a 9¼ mile branch line to a junction with the GWR at Maiden Newton. It is said to be the last broad gauge line in Dorset.
Opening.
It had an unusual type of permanent way described by Captain Tyler of the Board of Trade:
It has been laid with MacDonnell's patent permanent way, consisting of bridge rails weighing 51 lbs and longitudinal rolled iron sleepers weighing 60 lbs to the lineal yard, which are secured to each other by screw bolts and nuts. The gauge is preserved by angle iron cross-ties, nine feet apart; and a strip of wood has been inserted between the rails and sleepers to prevent rigidity. This description of permanent way has been already tried on the Bristol & Exeter Railway, and with such success as to induce the Company to lay down an additional portion of it.
In the nineteenth century.
The line was leased to the larger company for 21 years from 1 July 1858. Toller station was opened on 31 March 1862, serving the village of Toller Porcorum. (Toller Fratrum was more easily accessed from Maiden Newton station). The branch was converted to standard gauge in June 1874. It was leased for a further 21 years from 1 July 1882.
The line was extended from Bridport station to West Bay, a little over two miles, opened on 31 March 1884.
The route.
Running through undulating chalk topography, the route had to negotiate difficult terrain. It ran broadly west from Maiden Newton at first, climbing the valley of the River Hooke. After a summit west of Toller, the line turned south-west to find the valley of the River Asker and descend into Bridport. The short 1874 extension followed the same river to the sea at West Bay.
The route climbed from Maiden Newton to a summit west of Toller, near the 4 mile post, with a steepest gradient of 1 in 85. From there it fell at 1 in 50 for a mile and a half, and falling nearly as steeply—1 in 62 for part of the way—to Bridport. The West Bay extension was comparatively easy.
Toller.
Toller station was opened on 31 March 1862; the platform had no shelter originally. There was a single siding, later made double-ended. In the first half of the twentieth century, milk traffic was a dominant activity.
Powerstock.
The only intermediate station when the original line opened, Powerstock had a single platform with "a small goods yard partly quarried out of the hillside". In a west-facing photograph in "Oakley", the summit as the line crosses the watershed towards the Asker Valley is very evident.
Bridport station.
The original Bridport station was a stone-built terminus with two platforms under a train shed. When opened the station provided a focus in the hitherto remote area for distribution of the net and twine products made locally. When the line was extended to West Bay, the alignment of the existing station had to be altered, and one platform line was removed to allow the other to be curved towards the new extension. Between 1887 and 1902 it was known locally as Bradpole Road station to avoid confusion with East Street.
Bridport East Street.
The station was built on the 1884 extension to West Bay, at a location a little nearer the town centre. A thatched cottage adjacent was acquired and turned into the limited station accommodation and station master's house. In 1904 the GWR provided a new building with these amenities.
Bridport West Bay.
The extension to West Bay opened in 1884 and the GWR hoped that the area would develop into a major holiday resort. The harbour itself had substantially declined in importance over the years, reducing to 10% of its former trade from 1830 to 1880, in part because of the arrival of the railway itself.
The station was initially called Bridport Harbour, but it was soon renamed Bridport West Bay to encourage the hoped-for holiday business.
There was a signal box on the single platform, and some siding accommodation. Goods activity ceased on 3 December 1962 except for a very limited traffic in coal and shingle, which finished on 1 January 1966.
Twentieth century operation.
The Great Western Railway acquired the line by Act of Parliament of 26 July 1901.
During the First World War the West Bay extension was closed as an austerity measure (between 31 December 1915 and 7 July 1919. It re-opened at the end of the war but lost its passenger service on 22 September 1930 when the GWR decided that the hoped for resort would never arrive. The goods service continued until 3 December 1962 when it was withdrawn and the tracks lifted south of Bridport station. Then in 1965 the goods service was withdrawn from the entire branch and at about the same time steam traction was withdrawn. The track layout at Maiden Newton was altered so that through running was no longer possible, in April 1968. This left the line as a siding, a simple railway with no signals other than those at the junction, from Maiden Newton. Services were provided in the main by a single car diesel multiple unit, usually a Class 122 or similar.
At Maiden Newton, the branch had a bay platform on the upside; trains entered in a southerly direction. In twentieth century steam days, there was a siding alongside the branch on a rising gradient, and the customary operation was to propel an arrived passenger train into the siding; the locomotive then moved to another siding, and the passenger coaches were gravitated to the bay platform under the control of the guard.
Passenger train service.
The 1895 Bradshaw shows six passenger trains each way on weekdays. The first train is the 08:20 from Bridport Bradpole Road (i.e. the original terminus) to Maiden Newton; all subsequent trains ran throughout from Maiden Newton to West Bay, with a final short working from West Bay to Bridport only. On Saturdays this was extended to Maiden Newton, and returned as a non-stop Maiden Newton to Bridport train at 22:26 connecting out of a late train. The passenger service was capable of being operated by one train set. Most trains made a connection to or from the Yeovil direction at Maiden Newton. There were two return trips on Sundays.
By 1922 Bradshaw shows a more complicated pattern, with nine trains from Maiden Newton (three of them only running to Bridport station, now designated "Bridport for Lyme Regis"). The 13:50 from Maiden Newton had a connection from Paddington at 10:30, by a "slip carriage" on the Cornish Riviera Limited, slipped at Westbury, then running on to Weymouth, and making the connection at Maiden Newton. In the up direction, there were five trains from West Bay to Maiden Newton, and three from Bridport. In addition there was one short working from West Bay to Bridport at 16:52. At least two train sets would have been required to operate this service, and it is likely that some of the unbalanced trains were mixed passenger and goods.
Closure.
The line was marked for closure in the Beeching Report but the narrow roads of the area and a subsidy from Dorset County Council kept it running. Having survived attempts at closure, the line was closed on 5 May 1975, one of the last closures directly linked to the Beeching report.
A replacement bus service was operated at first by Pearce's of Cattistock, but the operator changed with local authority contract. The track was lifted during the autumn of 1975 and little trace of it remains in some places.
The line today.
The station building from Bridport was moved to Beer Heights Light Railway near Seaton in Devon, and the station building from Toller is now in the same county as the building at Totnes(Littlehempston) on the South Devon Railway. After many years as the office of a boatyard the station building at West Bay has had its appearance restored and houses a cafe. There is a short length of track. Ironically this means that the first station on the line to close is the only one left with track. The station building at Powerstock has been a private bungalow since well before the closure of the line and the site of East Street disappeared under Bridport's ring road some years ago. The junction station at Maiden Newton remains open to trains on the Heart of Wessex Line. Part of the railway line can be walked and cycled on, from Maiden Newton Station for about half a mile, and parts of the old line past Toller Porcorum. Sustrans have funding to use the old line as a cycle path from Maiden Newton to Bridport.

</doc>
<doc id="9855646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855646" title="Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady of Aparecida">
Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady of Aparecida

The Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady Aparecida is a prominent Roman Rite Catholic basilica located in Aparecida, Brazil. It is dedicated to Our Lady Aparecida, ("a variant of the Immaculate Conception") as the principal Patroness of Brazil. Its official title in Portuguese is "Nossa Senhora da Conceição Aparecida", roughly translated as "Our Lady of Conception Who Appeared". 
History.
The present basilica was constructed nearby an earlier chapel which housed the statue found by three fishermen in the town of Guaratinguetá. According to local tradition, the group was attempting to catch a large amount of fish in the Paraíba River for a banquet honoring the visit of São Paulo Governor, Pedro de Almeida in 1717. Despite their prayers, their attempts were fruitless until late in the day, one of the fishermen cast his net and pulled it back to find the statue of the Virgin Mary. Upon his next cast, he found the head. The group cleaned the statue, wrapped it in cloth, and returned to their task to find their fortunes had changed and they were able to obtain all the fish they needed. The statue is believed to be the work of Frei Agostino de Jesus, a monk residing in São Paulo.
The old wooden chapel was originally built in 1745. The old shrine is a modest church in the colonial style built between 1834 to 1888. Since that time, pious worshippers have termed it as a basilica. 
Due to the following conflicting accounts on dates, places throughout the years: the Vatican enumerates the following recorded Papal decrees:
New Basilica.
In 1955, Benedito Calixto began the construction on the new basilica. The structure is in the Romanesque style and takes the form of a Greek Cross with arms in length and in width. The dome is high and the tower reaches a height of . The basilica contains of space that can accommodate 45,000 worshipers. During celebrations on the feast day of the patroness, up to 70,000 can be accommodated in ancillary areas. The grounds contain a shopping mall, medical clinic, restaurants and a parking lot that can hold 4,000 buses and 6,000 cars.
On July 4, 1980, Pope John Paul II consecrated the sanctuary under the name Our Lady of Aparecida while the building was still under construction. The feast day for Our Lady of Aparecida is October 12.
Pope Benedict XVI visited the Basilica of the Shrine of Aparecida on May 12, 2007, during his Apostolic Journey to Brazil on the occasion of the Fifth General Conference of the Bishops of Latin America and the Caribbean. During his visit, the Pope awarded the Shrine a Golden Rose.
On the occasion of World Youth Day, Pope Francis visited the basilica on July 24, 2013, venerating the image of Our Lady of Aparecida and celebrating mass there.

</doc>
<doc id="9855649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855649" title="Murder in Suburbia">
Murder in Suburbia

Murder in Suburbia was a British detective drama that ran for two series in 2004 and 2005.
Plot summary.
The series focused on various murders in the fictional suburban English town of Middleford; filming took place in North West London, including Northwood. The crimes are solved by two female police detectives, Inspector Kate Ashurst and Sergeant Emma Scribbins, aka "Ash and Scribbs".
DVD release.
The first and second series have both been released in Region 1 (US and Canada), Region 2 (including UK, Europe and Japan where it is retitled Ash & Scribbs) and Region 4 (Australia and New Zealand). 

</doc>
<doc id="9855651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855651" title="The Way Station">
The Way Station

"The Way Station" is a novella by Stephen King, originally published in "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" in April 1980. In 1982, "The Way Station" was collected with several other stories King published in "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" as "". "The Way Station" formed the second chapter of the book, and was slightly revised for the inclusion.
Plot.
At a way station in the desert, Roland Deschain meets Jake Chambers for the first time. Under hypnosis, Jake remembers that he has recently been killed in his own world, the New York City of 1977, when someone pushed him into traffic. This event creates the series' first link of Roland's world to ours, and Jake's account leads Roland to believe that the man in black may have caused the death.
While searching the way station's cellar for usable supplies, Roland encounters a demon that speaks to him through a skeleton buried behind the wall. The demon warns him that the man in black will be able to use Jake as an asset against him as long as the two are traveling together. On impulse, Roland takes the skeleton's jawbone with him.
Roland and Jake set off into the desert, heading toward a mountain range where the man in black has gone. Along the way, Roland tells Jake about a training session under the severe regimen of his teacher Cort, who showed him how to use a hawk as a weapon; and how Roland and one of his best friends, Cuthbert Allgood, exposed the cook Hax as a traitor working for the Good Man and sent him to the gallows. 
For the 2003 revised version of "The Gunslinger", King altered and shortened the "Rain in Spain" nursery rhyme included in the opening pages.

</doc>
<doc id="9855663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855663" title="Korzenna">
Korzenna

Korzenna is a village in southern Poland situated in Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998). It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Sącz and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.

</doc>
<doc id="9855671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855671" title="Wanted – a Good Home">
Wanted – a Good Home

Wanted – a Good Home is the fifth episode of the fifth and final series of the period drama "Upstairs, Downstairs". It first aired on 5 October 1975 on ITV.
Background.
"Wanted - a Good Home" was recorded in the studio on 6 and 7 March 1975, with the location footage having been filmed on 26 February in Eaton Place in Belgravia. John Hawkesworth, who wrote this episode, based some of the events seen in "Wanted - a Good Home" on his own childhood, Hawkesworth having had a governess himself.
Plot.
It is spring 1922 and William, who is now eight years old, is off to a boarding preparatory school. After asking Virginia, Rose buys Alice a small dog, called "Thimble", for Alice to keep her company after William leaves. 
Shortly William leaves, Richard and Virginia go to France. Miss Treadwell, the governess, believes she is in charge in their absence, and annoys the other servants by taking tea in the Morning Room. The servants are dismayed when she puts Alice on a bread and water diet as a punishment for her behaviour. Jennifer Chivers, a friend, joins Alice for her lessons with Miss Treadwell. When Thimble chews Miss Treadwell's shoe, she orders the dog to be presented to her the following morning so she can have it put down. However, the servants hide Thimble in Edward and Daisy's flat above the garage, and tells Miss Treadwell and Alice that it has gone "missing". It reappears moments after Richard and Virginia return home. 
When Richard and Virginia return home, she immediately complains about the behaviour of the other servants. However, immediately Virginia dismisses Miss Treadwell and gives her four weeks wages instead of notice. It is then decided that Alice will go to a day school, something that Alice is very happy about.

</doc>
<doc id="9855680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855680" title="Ronald C. Simons">
Ronald C. Simons

Ronald C. Simons (born June 25, 1935), MD, MA is a psychiatrist and anthropologist best known for his work on latah, a culture-bound syndrome found predominantly in Malaysia and Indonesia. He has written on culture-bound syndromes more generally. He is professor of psychiatry and adjunct professor of anthropology at Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan. His short documentary film (produced with Gunter Pfaff), "Latah: A Culture-Specific Elaboration of the Startle Reflex" (1983) is a classic within medical anthropology.

</doc>
<doc id="9855682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855682" title="John Fiske">
John Fiske

John Fiske may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9855699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855699" title="Regions of Madagascar">
Regions of Madagascar

Madagascar is divided into 22 regions ("faritra"). These formerly second-tier administrative divisions became the first-level administrative divisions when the former six provinces were dissolved on 4 October 2009:
Elections.
Elections for the regional councils were held on 16 March 2008.
Source.
de la sécurité alimentaire" [http://documents.wfp.org/stellent/groups/public/documents/ena/wfp086538.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="9855705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855705" title="Ross Gaynor">
Ross Gaynor

Ross Leon Gaynor (born 9 September 1987) from Ardee, County Louth is an Irish professional footballer, who currently plays as a striker for League of Ireland side Sligo Rovers.
Club career.
Ross began his career in football in the underage system of Irish Meath and District League club Ardee Celtic.
Ross made his name when he won the Golden Boot in the Milk Cup in Northern Ireland when he was just 14 .Ross had trials with Manchester City and Aston Villa but opted to sign for Millwall F.C . He began his career with Millwall and joined Sutton United on loan in 2007 but was released at the end of the 2007-2008 season, subsequently joining Cobh Ramblers. Gaynor signed for Sporting Fingal in December 2008 for the season, but joined Drogheda United on loan in July 2009. On the 9th of February 2010 he signed for Dundalk.
In December 2011, Gaynor signed for League of Ireland side Sligo Rovers. Despite starting out on the wing he eventually settled into the left back position due to an injury to regular left back Iarfhlaith Davoren. He was an important part of the defence that secured a first league title in 35 years for Rovers while also providing several assists. 
He made a good start to the 2013 season again in the left-back position and scored his first league goal for the club in the home win over Derry City. An injury towards the end of the year restricted his appearances but he added an FAI Cup winners' medal to his collection coming on as a sub in the 3-2 win against Drogheda in the final.
International.
At the age 18 he was capped by Republic of Ireland under-21 national football team and scoring twice on his debut. His second cap came against Portugal.
He was also capped a number of times at U23 level. The latest coming On 26 May 2010 against England C.
He also has scored on his debut for the Irish under 17's 19's and 21's.
Honours.
Sligo Rovers

</doc>
<doc id="9855713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855713" title="It's Still Living">
It's Still Living

"It's Still Living" is a live album by The Birthday Party recorded at The Astor Theatre in St Kilda, Victoria on 15 January 1982, and released in May 1985. The initial LP release in 1985 by the band's former manager and backer Keith Glass, on his Missing Link label, was not sanctioned by the band. The sound quality of the recording is poor and it is marred by technical glitches (mainly the sounds of the amps crackling and shorting out). In 1991 the album was re-released on the Virgin label, with the LP being released on green vinyl.
The photograph of the band was taken by Peter Milne on the Birthday Party's first trip back home after taking up residency in London. This shoot was in the studio of Victoria College in High Street, Prahran. According to the album liner notes film footage of the concert was shot by Paul Goldman and Evan English (aka The Rich Kids). The footage however has never been released.

</doc>
<doc id="9855714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855714" title="Philippine executive and legislative powers referendum, 1975">
Philippine executive and legislative powers referendum, 1975

A national referendum was called for February 27–28, 1973 where the majority of the barangays voted approved the following:
Referendum results.
!colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Ratification
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%

</doc>
<doc id="9855716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855716" title="Rose Moss">
Rose Moss

Rose Rappoport Moss is an American writer born in South Africa. She has published novels, short stories, words for music and nonfiction.
Moss was born in Johannesburg, and has lived in the United States since 1964.
"In Court", a collection of her short stories, appeared as a Penguin Modern Classic in 2007. She has published two novels, "The Family Reunion" (1974), short-listed for a National Book Award, and "The Terrorist" (1979, published as "The Schoolmaster" in South Africa in 1981). A non-fiction book, "Shouting at the Crocodile" (1990) presents two defendants, Popo Molefe and Mosiuoa Lekota, in the Delmas Treason Trial during the last days of apartheid. In 2008, Lekota became a prime mover of a new political party in South Africa, the Congress of the People, COPE.
Among her more than forty short stories one won a Quill Prize from the "Massachusetts Review" and another a PEN Syndicated Fiction Award. Several have been cited in Best American Short Stories, been nominated for Pushcart Prizes, selected for anthologies and translated.
Her non-fiction has appeared in the "New York Times", "Los Angeles Times", the "Atlantic Monthly", and other similar publications and in scholarly journals. She is a contributing associate for the "Harvard Review".
She teaches at Harvard Law School and the Real Colegio Complutense and the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard. She is a member of PEN American Center and has served on the Freedom to Write Committee of PEN New England and as a judge for the PEN Winship Award for fiction. She lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts and blogs on the Nieman Watchdog site.

</doc>
<doc id="9855740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855740" title="Wrestlingworth">
Wrestlingworth

Wrestlingworth (Wrastlingewurde (12th century); Wrestlingforth (17th and 18th centuries)) is a village situated on the east Bedfordshire border with Cambridgeshire. Wrestlingworth is a small rural parish of approximately 1,700 acres with a population of over 850 people.
Today Wrestlingworth incorporates the hamlet of Water End, some half mile to the south of the village centre. It serves as a commuter village for Cambridge, Stevenage and London. Amenities in the village include a pre-school group and a Church of England VC Lower School. The Church of St Peter is also located in the village.
Community groups in the village often meet at the Grade I listed 17th-century pub, The Chequers. These include the local Women’s Institute, the Goodwill Fund, the Walking and Wildlife Group, The Bowls Club and the Pre-School support group.
A network of local walks through Wrestlingworth and the local countryside include the ancient woods at Potton the historic Clopton Way.
History.
Wrestlingworth is not mentioned in the Domesday Book. However, by the mid-12th century two manor houses – Kendale’s and Hereford’s - are recorded as the village which was being established along the banks of a tributary of the River Cam.
The Church of St. Peter was established in about 1300. Graves from the Great Plague are still clearly visible in St. Peter’s churchyard, together with low set ‘leper’ windows.
More information on the Lords of the Wrestlingworth Manors and St. Peter’s Church can be found on the British History website.
Through the centuries Wrestlingworth flourished as a rural farming community partly due to its close proximity to the old Great North Road and the historically influential towns of Potton and Biggleswade.
The last woman to be Publicly Hanged in England.
In the 1840s, notoriety hit the village when the case of the murderess Sarah Dazley came to the fore. By the age of 25 Sarah had poisoned two husbands and a child. She was about to marry a third husband when villagers warned him of her past and subsequent investigations took place. These commenced with exhumation of the bodies and a Coroner’s Inquest which was held in The Chequers Pub. Traces of arsenic were found and several local residents gave evidence against Sarah during her trial at Bedford Assizes.
At the end of the case, Sarah was found guilty and sentenced to be hanged outside Bedford Gaol. She was the last woman to be publicly hanged in England and it is said that the entire Wrestlingworth community walked or rode over to Bedford to see the event.

</doc>
<doc id="9855751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855751" title="National Balancing Point (UK)">
National Balancing Point (UK)

The National Balancing Point, commonly referred to as the NBP, is a virtual trading location for the sale and purchase and exchange of UK natural gas. It is the pricing and delivery point for the ICE (IntercontinentalExchange) natural gas futures contract. It is the most liquid gas trading point in Europe and is a major influence on the price that domestic consumers pay for their gas at home . Gas at the NBP trades in pence per therm. It is similar in concept to the Henry Hub in the United States - but differs in that it is not an actual physical location.
Balance.
Unlike continental European trading hubs such as Zeebrugge and TTF, trades made at the NBP are not required to be balanced, and there is no fixed penalty for being out of balance. Instead, shippers out of balance at the end of the day are automatically balanced through the 'cash-out' procedure whereby the shipper is automatically made to buy or sell the required quantity of gas to balance their position at the marginal system buy or sell price for that day. This cash out process is not considered to be a penalty in the same way as those imposed on shippers in continental markets, because the cash-out prices are often very close to the spot price. As a result of this daily market liquidity, the UK's NBP is frequently used to balance a shipper's position on the continent by way of the Bacton - Zeebrugge interconnector.
National Grid plc.
National Grid plc is the network operator (Transmission System Operator) in Great Britain. They are responsible for the physical transportation of gas, as shippers are required only to nominate quantities entering and/or exiting the network, and not the transport route which the gas should physically follow. The National Grid has the power to bring the system into balance, if shippers as a whole are out of balance. This is achieved by trading on the OCM (see below) and passing the cost onto gas shippers through the cash-out system. When the system is short of gas it tends to force prices at the NBP up. When the system is long gas, the price is forced down. This can provide an advantageous trading environment to a shipper which has flexible flow contracts.
OCM trading system.
Trades at the NBP are made via the OCM trading system, an anonymous trading service managed by APX-ENDEX to which offers or requests for gas at a nominated price can be posted. The minimum amount of gas that may be traded on the OCM is 4,000 therms, so if a shipper's position is long or short by a volume less than 4,000 therms they may be forced simply to leave their balance to cash out.

</doc>
<doc id="9855753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855753" title="Bernt Oftestad">
Bernt Oftestad

Bernt Torvild Oftestad (born 18 February 1942) is a Norwegian historian.
Oftestad graduated from the MF Norwegian School of Theology in 1968 with the degree cand.theol., and in 1979 with the degree dr.theol.. His doctoral work was on the Norwegian author Ronald Fangen. He became a professor of church history at the MF Norwegian School of Theology in 1983 and in European cultural history in 2005.
Oftestad has published books and articles within the fields of historiography, Reformation history and the Modern Era. He has also written on the Norwegian author and Nobel laureate Sigrid Undset.
He converted to Roman Catholicism in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9855767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855767" title="St Thomas More, Bradford-on-Avon">
St Thomas More, Bradford-on-Avon

St Thomas More is a Roman Catholic church in Bradford-on-Avon, Wiltshire. It is part of the Clifton diocese. 
Located near the historic Town Bridge, Bradford-on-Avon, and opposite the Swan Hotel (AD. 1500) and the Dandy Lion Pub, the Catholic Church of St. Thomas More is a large and impressive structure. 
History and architecture.
It was designed as the small town's town hall and incorporated a police department on its first floor and several other municipal services. The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect Thomas Fuller. The building is of Bath stone, featuring Jacobean gables, an oriel window and an octagonal tower with an onion dome. 
Fuller left England in 1845 for Antigua and then Canada where he designed the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament, among other important commissions. 
Although the town was small, the hall represented Bradford-on-Avon's pride in its wool market. The structural complex was put on the market in the 1930s for 3000 pounds and during the war years it hosted several dances and film screenings. 
Use as a church.
The complex was purchased and the second floor's council chamber was converted into a Catholic church in the 1950s. The expense to operate such a massive complex is offset by having the municipal offices on the first floor converted into retail and utilizing the parking lot in back. A new staircase and elevator was recently constructed at the back of the former council hall, now church, to the worship area so disabled worshippers can access the site from the car park.

</doc>
<doc id="9855777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855777" title="Ryszard Pawłowski">
Ryszard Pawłowski

Ryszard Pawłowski (24 June 1950) Polish alpine and high-altitude climber and photographer. Member of The Explorers Club.
Ryszard Pawlowski is the founder and co-owner of the Patagonia Mountain Agency. He has been climbing since 1970 and is an alpinism instructor and guide. He has climbed the mountains of North and South America, the Himalayas, Alps, Caucasus, Pamirs and Tien Shain.
He has summitted Mt. Everest four times - May 13, 1994, May 12, 1995, May 18, 1999 and May 20, 2012
He has climbed with - Jerzy Kukuczka, Piotr Pustelnik, Janusz Majer, Krzysztof Wielicki.
He has summited ten of the fourteen 8000 metre peaks including K2.
Other ascents.
As a mountain guide:

</doc>
<doc id="9855780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855780" title="John Hawkesworth">
John Hawkesworth

John Hawkesworth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9855805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855805" title="Arrondissement of Mechelen">
Arrondissement of Mechelen

The Arrondissement of Mechelen (; ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Antwerp, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement, as the territory for both coincides.
History.
The Arrondissement of Mechelen was created in 1800 as the third arrondissement in the Department of Deux-Nèthes (). It originally comprised the cantons of Duffel, Heist-op-den-Berg, Lier, Mechelen and Puurs. In 1977, the then municipality of Muizen was added to the arrondissement from the Arrondissement of Leuven, and was merged into the City of Mechelen.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Mechelen consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9855814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855814" title="List of intellectual property law journals">
List of intellectual property law journals

This list includes notable journals and magazines concerned with intellectual property (IP) law and business, and their various subfields, such as copyright, patent and trademark laws. The list also includes official journals and gazettes of patent offices.
Official.
"Each journal and gazette is followed by its publisher or editor."

</doc>
<doc id="9855817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855817" title="Baħar Iċ-Ċagħaq">
Baħar Iċ-Ċagħaq

Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq is a Maltese village situated between the limits of Madliena, Magħtab, Għargħur and Pembroke. The area is situated at the mouth of the island's longest valley called 'Wied il-Kbir'. The name "Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq" in Maltese can be translated to the meaning 'sea of pebbles' in English. It has a population of approximately 1250 people.
History and facilities.
Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq is named after a long stretch of rocky coast characterised by a large number of pebbles and sharp rocks. The area was used as a camping site by British forces during the British colonial period of the islands.
Two century-old chapels are found in the area, one of which has been abandoned. A modern central parish church and Franciscan retreat house are also located in the village. Opposite Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq is a marine entertainment centre which also has a dolphin show. Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq also contains a small number of bars and restaurants and a boy scout camping site.
The village was for much of the late twentieth century home to the White Rocks tourist complex. However, by the early 21st century this had fallen into disrepair and was no longer used. A proposal to convert the complex into a sports complex was announced by the Maltese government in 2010, but little progress had been made by June 2011.
When Local Councils were established it was decided by central government that the village should form part of the Local Council of Naxxar. However the parish district of the town falls under the neighbouring Għargħur. In the last 15 years the land development increased by threefold and Maltese people continue to purchase and develop property in the area.
Malta's sound mirror – the ear (il-Widna).
The only sound mirror built outside of the UK is found near Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq at Magħtab. These buildings were sound early warning radar systems built before World War II.
Transport.
Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq is located on the Triq il-Kosta (Coast Road), Triq Tal-Madliena (Madliena Road) and Triq Sant' Andrija (St Andrew's Road). 
The village is served by three bus routes linking it to Valletta, Sliema and Buġibba.

</doc>
<doc id="9855849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855849" title="Philippine constitutional referendum, 1976">
Philippine constitutional referendum, 1976

National referendum-plebiscite was called on October 16 - October 17, 1976 in which the majority of he barangay voters approved that Martial Law should be continued and ratified the proposed amendments to the Constitution substituting the Interim Batasang Pambansa for the Regular Batasang Pambansa, pursuant to Presidential Decrees Nos. 991, 1031, and 1032.

</doc>
<doc id="9855852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855852" title="Pulse St. Petersburg">
Pulse St. Petersburg

Pulse St. Petersburg is a monthly entertainment magazine published in English and Russian. Its editorial staff is based in St. Petersburg, Russia, and it is owned by a Finnish Pulse Media Oy. It has been published since May 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="9855853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855853" title="William Reed Huntington">
William Reed Huntington

William Reed Huntington (September 20, 1838 – July 26, 1909) was an American Episcopal priest and author.
Life.
Huntington was born in Lowell, Massachusetts. He graduated at Harvard in 1859 and in 1859–1860 was an instructor in chemistry there. Entering the Episcopal ministry, he was rector of All Saints Church, Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1862–1883 and of Grace Church, New York from 1883 until his death. Dr. Huntington always took a prominent part in public affairs. He was active in the movement for liturgical revisions and was secretary of the Prayer-Book Revisions Committee, and editor with Dr. Samuel Hart of the "Standard Prayer-Book" of 1892. Huntington died in Nahant, Massachusetts, in 1909.
Works.
The Chicago-Lambeth Quadrilateral had its genesis in an 1870 essay by Huntington. In "The Church Idea, an Essay toward Unity" Huntington's goal was to establish "a basis on which approach may be by God's blessing, made toward Home Reunion," i.e., with the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches. The Quadrilateral is a four-point articulation of Anglican identity, often cited as encapsulating the fundamentals of the Communion's doctrine and as a reference-point for ecumenical discussion with other Christian denominations. The four points are:
The Quadrilateral has had a significant impact on Anglican identity since its passage by the Lambeth Conference. The Resolution came at a time of rapid expansion of the Anglican Communion, primarily in the territories of the British Empire. As such, it provided a basis for a shared ethos, one that became increasingly important as colonial churches influenced by British culture and values, evolved into national ones influenced by local norms.
Huntington also wrote:
Veneration.
Huntington is honored with a feast day on the liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church (USA) on July 27.

</doc>
<doc id="9855858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855858" title="Tri-Valley Middle School (Old)">
Tri-Valley Middle School (Old)

Tri-Valley Middle School, located in Dresden, Ohio, formerly was the only middle school for the Tri-Valley Local School District, a public school district encompassing northwest and north central Muskingum County, Ohio. It previously served as an elementary school and was demolished in August 2008. 
History.
Jefferson High School (as it was known as until 1966) was built in 1922, and designed by architect E.W. Austin. The school opened its doors on January 1, 1924. In 1938, it was clear that the current school was becoming too crowded for the students, so it was decided to build two new wings, one on each side of the existing school. By January 1939, construction had begun on the east wing, which would contain more classrooms. In 1940, the west wing was completed. This wing housed two new classrooms, and a new gymnasium, to replace the much smaller one in the main building.
Structural Changes.
Between 1922 and 1940, to today, many exterior and interior changes have been made to the school structure. Above the gymnasium entrance once were three wrought iron heat vents. Today, only the middle vent remains. The two vents were removed at an unknown time between 1954 and 2000. Where the sidewalk and the pathway to the gymnasium, once stood two brick pillars with globe lights on their tops. They were removed at unknown time after 1968. In addition, there was once three windows on either side of the gym entrance doors. These windows once provided a source of light for the boys and girls restrooms.Today, they have been bricked up.
Current Usage.
From June 2004 to August 2006, Tri-Valley Middle School was unoccupied,as the new middle school students would attend the newly built Tri-Valley Middle School. In 2006, the school district used the old middle school to house the Jefferson Elementary students, while their school was being demolished and the Dresden elementary school was being built. As of May 2007, the new elementary school construction is well underway and will be functional in Fall 2008, which would mean the final evacuation of students at the old Middle School. This evacuation occurred at the conclusion of the 2007-2008 school year.
In early 2008, Tri-Valley School district intended to demolish the 86-year old building in 2008, once the new Dresden Elementary school is completed. The new square footage attained was planned for a new family recreation center which received bids in late April 2008. Bids were received, and the center was planned to be constructed starting August 2008. 
On July 30, the first phase of demolition began. The East Wing will the first section to be removed, followed by the west wing, and lastly, the original structure. By August 15, the building was completely demolished.
In The Future.
The school's land is currently being razed to begin construction on the new fitness center. Plans are set for the construction to begin by the end of September.

</doc>
<doc id="9855859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855859" title="Patiriella regularis">
Patiriella regularis

__NOTOC__
Patiriella regularis, or New Zealand common cushion star, is a sea star of the family Asterinidae, endemic to New Zealand. It has an arm spread of up to 60 mm.
It was introduced into waters in south east Tasmania where thay have become well established. There is a concern that they may be an invasive species.
Research.
Research has shown that there is a genetic variance in "Patiriella regularis" from the North and South of New Zealand. Researchers assume that geographic barriers, and coastal upwellings, might keep various types of "Patiriella regularis" from being able to spread or comingle.

</doc>
<doc id="9855862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855862" title="Hellenic Military Academy">
Hellenic Military Academy

The Evelpidon Military Academy (, lit. ""Military School for Aspirant "", ""SSE"") is the Officer cadet school of the Greek Army and the oldest tertiary level educational institution in Greece. It was founded in 1828 in Nafplion by Ioannis Kapodistrias, the first Governor of the modern Greek State. 
The institution was created to provide officers for all the Arms of the Hellenic Army (Infantry, Armor, Artillery, Signals, Engineering, and Army Aviation), as well as some of the Corps (the Technical Corps, the Transport & Supply Corps, and the Ordnance Corps). By contrast, officers in the Legal Corps, the Medical Corps, the Finance Corps, and the Auditing Corps are graduates of the Corps Officers Military Academy (Στρατιωτική Σχολή Αξιωματικών Σωμάτων), with the exception of nurse officers in the Medical Corps, who are graduates of the Nurse Officer Academy (Σχολή Αξιωματικών Νοσηλευτών). The School also trains cadets on behalf of foreign allied countries.
The origin of the designation "Evelpides" (Greek: Εὐέλπιδες, "Euélpides", literally: "bearers of high hopes") is from a passage by the historian Thucydides, where the Corinthians describe their adversaries, the Athenians, as "adventurous beyond their power, daring beyond their judgment, and bearers of high hopes when in danger" (History of the Peloponnesian War, Book I, 70).
History.
The Hellenic Military Academy was founded in 1828 in Nafplion, the first capital of the modern Greek State. In 1834 the Academy was relocated to the island of Aegina, and in 1837, to the city of Piraeus. 
From 1854 to 1857 it was housed in the Duchess of Placentia Mansion in central Athens (now the Byzantine & Christian Museum). It was then relocated to Kypseli, Athens, in facilities donated by the magnate benefactor George Averoff. In 1982 the Academy was permanently established in Vari, a southeastern suburb of Athens. 
To celebrate the Academy's 150th anniversary (1828-1978), stamps featuring an officer cadet and a College building were printed in 1978. 
Throughout its long history, the Hellenic Army Academy has taken part in all national rallies and wars. Its presence surpassed the conventional character of a common Military School. Graduates of the Academy have been not only distinguished Army Officers, but also high level scientists, famous authors and the first civil engineers and professors of Physics and Mathematics, until the respective faculties in Greek Universities were founded. 
The first Hellenic Navy and Hellenic Air Force officers of the Balkan Wars came from the Academy as well. The Academy is a "Highest Education Institution" (University) and is overseen by the Ministry of National Defence.
Education & training.
Academic education includes military and academic courses and covers up to 50% of the curriculum. Military training includes day and night field training. Subjects such as individual training and small infantry echelon exercises are held in co-operation with Corps of the Hellenic Army and other branches of the Armed Forces. Applied military tactics is a vital part of the overall training of Cadets covering 38% of the curriculum. Physical training covers 12% of the overall training and includes track and field events and various other sports.
The Academy's mission is to train Cadets by offering education in various arts and sciences with a view to widen their general knowledge, offer them the required military training so that they are able to attend the Special Training Program of the Hellenic Army upon graduation, and to cultivate and develop military merits and attitude so that they acquire, to a high level as new Officers, the qualifications and skills necessary for becoming military leaders, with integrity of character, knowledge, and physical as well as mental endurance. 
High school graduates enroll in the Academy according to their scholastic performance in the nationwide University admission tests, and following successful completion of additional physical and mental testing. Successful applicants have been scoring better than 80% in recent years, with top applicants above the 95% mark. Studies in the Academy last for four years and, on graduation, cadets are commissioned as second lieutenants of the Hellenic Army. 

</doc>
<doc id="9855882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855882" title="Tête de Moine">
Tête de Moine

Tête de Moine is a type of cheese manufactured in Switzerland. It was invented and initially produced more than eight centuries ago by the monks of the abbey of Bellelay, located in the community of Saicourt, district of Moutier, in the mountainous zone of the Bernese Jura, the French-speaking area of the Canton of Bern.
Traditionally, the cheese is prepared for eating in an unusual way: the cheese is carefully scraped with a knife to produce thin shavings, which is said to help develop the odour and flavour by allowing oxygen to reach more of the surface.
There are two explanations for the origin of the name Tête de Moine, which translates literally as "Monk's Head." The name was first documented in the records of "Mont-Terrible", a Department established by the French when they annexed the region from 1793 to 1799 at the time of the French Revolution. The first theory is that it is a mocking name bestowed by French occupation soldiers who compared the method of serving the cheese to shaving the top of a skull to create a monk’s tonsure. The second explanation is based on tales from the Jura region which refer to the number of cheeses stored at the cloister “per tonsure”, or per resident monk.
Texts from as far back as 1192 attest to the cheese-making skill of the monks of Bellelay. Over time, the "Tête de Moine" was used by tenant farmers as payment to land owners, as well as figuring in legal settlements, being offered as a gift to the prince-bishops of Basel, and even serving as currency.
"Tête de Moine" is made from unpasteurized, whole cow's milk and is a semi-hard cheese. It is cylindrical in shape, with a height typically equal to 70 to 100% of its diameter. The average weight of a "Tête de Moine" is 850 g, but some specimens can weigh as much as 2.5 kg. It is aged for a minimum of 2½ months on a small spruce plank, and is typically paired with a dry, white wine.
Since May 2001, "Tête de Moine" has had "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) status. Exported throughout the world, it is the calling card of the cheese-making tradition of the Swiss Jura. It is currently produced by fewer than 10 cheese dairies of the Jura Mountains area of Porrentruy, District of Franches-Montagnes, both situated in the Canton of Jura, as well as in Moutier and Courtelary, in the Bernese Jura.
In 1982 the Girolle was invented, an apparatus which makes it possible to make "rosettes" of "Tête de Moine" by turning a scraper on an axle planted in the center of the cheese. This apparatus helped to boost the consumption of this cheese.

</doc>
<doc id="9855883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855883" title="Marcel Witeczek">
Marcel Witeczek

Marcel Witeczek (born 18 October 1968) is a retired German footballer who played mostly as an attacking midfielder.
Over the course of 15 seasons, he played in 410 Bundesliga games (50 goals; 474/59 counting both major levels of German football), representing four different teams, including league powerhouse Bayern Munich, with whom he won his only titles.
Football career.
Born in Tychy, Silesia, Poland, Witeczek moved to Germany as an infant. He was a successful youth player in his country of adoption, earning runners-up medals at both the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship and the 1987 World Youth Championship, winning the Golden Shoe at the latter tournament, with seven goals in as many games. However, he missed the decisive penalty in the final against Yugoslavia, which West Germany lost.
At club level, Witeczek began his career with Bayer Uerdingen, making his first division debut on August 8, 1987, not yet 19, in a 2–0 win at FC Homburg. He moved on to 1. FC Kaiserslautern in 1991 and FC Bayern Munich two years later. With the Bavarians, he enjoyed his most successful period, appearing in 124 official matches over the course of four seasons, winning two league accolades and the 1995–96 UEFA Cup, to whose conquest he contributed with two goals, all against FC Barcelona in the semifinals (one in each leg, in a 4–3 aggregate qualification).
Aged almost 29, Witeczek signed for Borussia Mönchengladbach, suffering relegation in his second season but achieveing promotion in his fourth, always as an important first-team member - never appeared in less than 30 league contests in that timeframe; after two slower years, he left for regional league side SG Wattenscheid 09, where he remained two further seasons.
After one year out of football, 37-year Witeczek joined "Landesliga" (level 5) club FC Albstadt 07, retiring for good at the season's end.

</doc>
<doc id="9855885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855885" title="Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball">
Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball

The Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball team participates in the Atlantic Coast Conference and their homecourt is the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum. Wake Forest's only Final Four appearance was in 1962 and through the years, the program has produced several NBA players. The Demon Deacons have won the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament four times, in 1961, 1962, 1995, and 1996. Wake Forest's biggest rivalries are with the North Carolina Tar Heels, the Duke Blue Devils and the NC State Wolfpack. The most recent coach is Danny Manning, who was hired on April 4, 2014.
Facilities.
Game Day.
Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum (also known as The Joel) is a 14,407-seat multi-purpose arena, in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. It was named after Lawrence Joel, an Army medic from Winston-Salem who was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1967 for action in Vietnam on November 8, 1965. The memorial was designed by James Ford in New York, and includes the poem "The Fallen" engraved on an interior wall. It is home to Wake Forest's men's and women's basketball teams, and is adjacent to the Dixie Classic Fairgrounds. The arena replaced the old Winston-Salem Memorial Coliseum, which was torn down for the LJVM Coliseum's construction.
Banners hang in the rafters commemorating past players' retired numbers (including Chris Paul, Tim Duncan, and Randolph Childress) and the late Skip Prosser. There are also banners recognizing the Demon Deacon's past NCAA and ACC successes. The Joel is home to the Screamin' Demon student section and one of the most exciting pregame introductions in college basketball. Wake Forest's signature black & gold Tie Dye apparel and "Zombie Nation" were both implemented upon Skip Prosser's arrival at Wake Forest. 
Practice.
Miller Center.
The Miller Center is the basketball team's on-campus home. It houses the players' locker rooms, team meeting rooms, coaches' offices, and the Dave Budd Practice Gym. The players utilize the Miller Center for practice, meetings, academic work, and relaxing with their teammates.
The Dave Budd Practice Gym has a full-length court, six stand alone baskets, bleacher seating and banners honoring some of the best players to ever don the black and gold. The locker room includes a separate player lounge which features multiple large flat screen TVs, multiple entertainment systems (Blu Ray, streaming software, and gaming systems) plus the latest video software, as well as dedicated equipment and training rooms.
Sports Performance Center.
On March 5, 2014, Wake Forest announced a $7.5 million dollar donation from WFU alum Bob McCreary ('61) towards a 95,000 square foot sports performance center. 
The Sports Performance Center is designed to meet the training needs of more than 350 student-athletes who compete in 18 sports. The building will be located on Wake Forest's main campus near the Miller Center. The building will house the football program's headquarters and will provide invaluable resources to the basketball program as well. The sports performance center will feature a very robust strength and conditioning facility that will provide all athletes ample room and equipment to maximize their training. Additionally, the new building will house a state of the art athlete nutrition program, which will provide all Wake Forest student-athletes with convenient access to nutritional resources and grab-and-go food options.
Postseason.
NCAA tournament results.
The Demon Deacons have appeared in the NCAA Tournament 22 times. Their combined record is 28–22.
NIT results.
The Demon Deacons have appeared in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) six times. Their combined record is 10–5. They were NIT champions in 2000.
Awards and honors.
Awards.
ACC Coach of the Year:
ACC Player of the Year:
ACC Rookie of the Year:

</doc>
<doc id="9855893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855893" title="Philippine constitutional referendum, 1977">
Philippine constitutional referendum, 1977

National referendum was called on December 16 - December 17, 1977 where the majority of the voters voted that President Ferdinand E. Marcos should continue in office as incumbent President and Prime Minister after the organization of the Interim Batasang Pambansa.

</doc>
<doc id="9855904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855904" title="Recordings 2003–2005">
Recordings 2003–2005

Recordings 2003 - 2005 is an EP by Australian singer-songwriter Josh Pyke. It was released in 2005 on Ivy League records, distributed by MGM distribution. The song "The Doldrums" was originally released under the moniker 'Night Hour'.

</doc>
<doc id="9855907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855907" title="Jerry Johnson (baseball)">
Jerry Johnson (baseball)

Jerry Michael Johnson (born December 3, 1943 in Miami, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher from through . He batted and threw right-handed.
Third baseman.
Johnson was signed by the New York Mets as an amateur free agent third baseman in . He batted .248 for their Western Carolina League affiliate, the Salisbury Braves in 1962, and committed seven errors in only 29 games for a .868 fielding percentage. He batted .238 with an .872 fielding percentage in , and the Mets began experimenting with him on the mound. He made eleven pitching appearances for the California League's Salinas Mets that season, and had a 6.75 earned run average without a decision.
With an .870 fielding percentage in , the notion of Johnson as a third baseman was abandoned, and he was converted to a pitcher for good by the New York-Penn League's Auburn Mets. He pitched in the Mets' minor league system through . Following the season, he was obtained by the Philadelphia Phillies from the Mets in the 1967 minor league draft.
Philadelphia Phillies.
Johnson made his major league debut on July 17, in the first game of a doubleheader against the Chicago Cubs at Shibe Park. He gave up two earned runs in one inning of the Phillies' 8-4 loss.
Curt Flood trade.
Johnson spent two years with Philadelphia, before moving to the St. Louis Cardinals in a controversial transaction. On October 7, , he was sent by Philadelphia along with Dick Allen and Cookie Rojas to the St. Louis Cardinals in the same trade that brought Tim McCarver, Byron Browne, Joe Horner and Curt Flood to the Phillies. After Flood refused to report to his new team, St. Louis sent Willie Montañez and a minor leaguer to Philadelphia to complete the trade. Flood believed that Major League Baseball's reserve clause was unfair and appealed his case to the U.S. Supreme Court. Although his legal challenge was unsuccessful, it brought solidarity among ballplayers as they fought against reserve clause and sought free agency.
San Francisco Giants.
He was 2-0 with a 3.18 ERA for the Cards when they dealt him mid-season to the San Francisco Giants for Frank Linzy. With the Giants, Johnson emerged as one of the top relievers in the National League, finishing sixth in Cy Young award balloting during an era when such an honor was rare for relief pitchers. In , Johnson went 12-9 with a 2.97 ERA and eighteen saves for the division winning Giants. In his only post-season, he pitched 1.1 innings and gave up two runs to the Pittsburgh Pirates in game four of the 1971 National League Championship Series.
Later career.
During Spring training , Johnson was selected off waivers by the Cleveland Indians. After one season in the American League, he was traded to the Houston Astros for Cecil Upshaw. He was released by the Astros at the end of the season, and signed with the San Diego Padres in . After two seasons in San Diego, he was traded to the newly created Toronto Blue Jays for Dave Roberts, who had just been purchased by the Jays from the Padres. Johnson was the winning pitcher (as a reliever) in the Blue Jays first ever regular season game on April 7, 1977. Johnson went 2-4 with a 4.60 ERA in the Blue Jays' inaugural season, at the end of which, he retired.
Following his majors career, Johnson played for the St. Lucie Legends of the Senior Professional Baseball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9855915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855915" title="Małgorzata Glinka">
Małgorzata Glinka

Małgorzata Glinka-Mogentale (born 30 September 1978 in Warsaw) is a Polish volleyball player. She has won the European Championship twice in 2003 and 2005.
She's married to Italian volleyball player Roberto Mogentale. They have a daughter Michelle.
Career.
She started her career in Skra Warszawa (1993–1996). Subsequently she played for top Polish teams such as Dick Black Andrychów (1996–1998) and Augusto Kalisz.
In the years 1999-2003 she had been playing in Minetti Vincenza and since 2003 in Asystel Novara, both in Italy.
In the 2003 World Cup Glinka was awarded "Best Scorer" and "Most Valuable Player". Her team finished in the 8th place.
For her sport achievements, she received: <br>
In season 2005/2006 Glinka played with the French RC Cannes, and later since 2006 for Grupo Murcia 2002 in the Spanish Superliga.
She participated with her national team at the 2008 Olympics and finishing in 9th place.
Glinka win the 2010–11 CEV Champions League with her team VakıfBank Güneş Sigorta Türk Telekom, and winning the "Most Valuable Player" award.

</doc>
<doc id="9855935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855935" title="Divine Insanity">
Divine Insanity

Divine Insanity is Finnish band Lovex's first album, released in 2006. Album contains example song Guardian Angel.
"Divine Insanity" has sold gold in Finland and has got to lists in Germany, too. Special Edition of the album was released in Finland in 8th of November 2006, and International Version was released in Germany in 16th of January, in Finland in 21st of January and in Japan in 19th of September 2007. Divine Insanity is also the name of an epic melodic symphonic ragtime death metal band from Chicago that records concept albums chronicling the Chandelier saga. Their newest album is called The Howling Man, released summer of 2011. 
Track listing.
Bonus songs of Special Edition.
Live-songs recorded at Espoo, Finland in 9.7.2006 by Marko Tetri and Henkka Wirsell.
International Version's bonus songs.
International Version DOESN'T contain the songs On The Sidelines and Sleeptight.

</doc>
<doc id="9855988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855988" title="Kouvola railway station">
Kouvola railway station

The Kouvola railway station (, ) is located in the city of Kouvola in Finland.
The Kouvola railway station is an important crossing point station. It is located about from the Helsinki Central railway station. There is also a bus terminal by the station and together they form a travel centre.
Kouvola is one of the busiest crossing points in Finnish railways. There is traffic to four directions: to Helsinki via Lahti, to Kotka, to Pieksämäki and Kuopio via Mikkeli, and to Luumäki, after which the track forks to two directions: to Joensuu via Lappeenranta, or to Russia via the Vainikkala border control station. The Kouvola railway station serves local trains, express trains, InterCity and InterCity² trains, and Pendolino trains.
The service to Viipuri/Vyborg and St. Petersburg will be accelerated in 2009, with new trains operated by Karelian Trains.

</doc>
<doc id="9855992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855992" title="Sisters... No Way">
Sisters... No Way

Sisters...No Way! is a children's novel by the Irish author Siobhan Parkinson. It is a two-sided book, written in the form of the diaries of two teenagers who become step-sisters through their parents' marriage.
The book won the Bisto Children's Books in Ireland Book of the Year in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9855993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9855993" title="Susan Thomas, Baroness Thomas of Walliswood">
Susan Thomas, Baroness Thomas of Walliswood

Susan Petronella Thomas, Baroness Thomas of Walliswood OBE, DL (born 20 December 1935) is a British businesswoman and Liberal Democrat politician.
Family background.
Thomas is the daughter of John Arrow and Ebba Fordham. In 1958, she had married David Churchill Thomas, but was divorced later. They have two daughters and a son.
Education.
She was educated in Cranborne Chase and at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in history in 1957.
Career.
Thomas worked for the National Economic Development Office from 1971 to 1974 and was chief executive of the Council of Europe of the British Clothing Industries from 1974 to 1978. Between 1985 and 1994, she was school governor. 
She contested for the Liberal Alliance Mole Valley in the 1983 and 1987 general elections but failed to be elected.
Honours.
In the 1989 Queen's Birthday Honours, she was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). On 6 October 1994, she was created a life peer as Baroness Thomas of Walliswood, of Dorking in the County of Surrey. Thomas was appointed in January 1996 a Deputy Lieutenant of Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="9856000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856000" title="Gerry McEntee">
Gerry McEntee

Gerry McEntee was the manager of the 2008 Dublin minor football team and is a retired inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland. He enjoyed much success playing inter-county football in the Eighties & early Nineties on the Meath teams managed by Sean Boylan, for whom he usually played at midfield. He played club football for Nobber GFC. During his playing career he helped his club to rise from the Junior 'B' grade to the Senior Grade in the Meath Senior Football Championship, and won two Senior All Ireland medals (1987 & 1988) as well as five Leinster Senior Football Championship medals, two National Football League medals and a Centenary Cup Medal. 
Gerry managed Dublin club St. Brigid's to their first and only Dublin Senior Football Championship in 2003. He also managed St Brigids Minor Footballers to the Minor and Leinster A titles in 2007, with the team narrowly missing out on winning the 2008 A title after losing the final to Na Finna by a point after a replay.
McEntee is a highly regarded surgeon by profession, practising in Dublin and is also the brother of Shane McEntee.

</doc>
<doc id="9856025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856025" title="Cassidy &amp; Associates">
Cassidy &amp; Associates

Cassidy & Associates is a government-relations firm based in Washington, D.C.. In 2007, "The Washington Post" reported, “Cassidy helped invent the new Washington,” and was “creator and proprietor of the most lucrative lobbying firm in Washington.” Known for pioneering the use of congressional earmarks as a method of obtaining grants for university clients. It was founded in 1975 as Schlossberg-Cassidy Associates by Gerald Cassidy and Kenneth Schlossberg, both former aides to Sen. George McGovern. Schlossberg sold his interest in the firm in 1985 and Cassidy today remains CEO of the firm, both of which were profiled in a 2007 series in the "Washington Post". Other principal officers include Vice Chairman Gregg Hartley, former top Republican Congressional leadership aide, President Barry Rhoads, former Deputy General Counsel to the 1991 Department of Defense Base Realignment and Closure Commission (BRAC), and Chief Strategy Officer Kai Anderson, former Deputy Chief of Staff to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. The European branch spun off to form EU lobbying law firm Alber & Geiger beginning in 2007, named for former head of Cassidy Europe Andreas Geiger and the former Advocate General of the European Court of Justice, Siegbert Alber. In 2010 Cassidy's Moscow CEO left the company as well.
In October 2013, "The Hill" newspaper published its annual exclusive list of Washington's top lobbyists which included Gerald Cassidy and Gregg Hartley, "Among the thousands of advocates in the nation’s capital, only a select few have risen to the top of their profession to earn a slot on The Hill’s Top Lobbyists list. Some of the Top Lobbyists are hired guns who have proven to clients that they can shape the agenda on Capitol Hill. Gerald Cassidy and Gregg Hartley, Cassidy & Associates: The firm has reinvented itself for a new era without sacrificing its prestige or its earnings power." In 2008, Cassidy & Associates reported $23.6 million in lobbying income, a decrease of 4% from 2007.
Also, in October 2013, The Washington Post reported on the firm's successful communications strategies online, Cassidy lobby shop goes social - "The event drew several lawmakers, and the four-minute video was posted on YouTube, inviting viewers to visit Cassidy’s Web site, which firm leaders have spent the last year overhauling to attract more lawmakers and potential clients. They began closely tracking how many people visit their Web site. Between September 2012 and September 2013, the number of visits jumped 32 percent, and people were staying on the site an average of 12 percent longer — about two and a half minutes. And they launched an online video series, “The Insiders,” in which the firm’s advisers share their thoughts on politics and current events — most recently, sequestration and the government shutdown."
In April 2013 The New Republic reported on the firm's work for the government of Guinea Bissau, "For all its troubles, though, the country did have one thing going for it: Its government was represented by one of Washington’s most storied and influential lobbying firms, Cassidy & Associates, which, since its 1975 founding by a couple former George McGovern aides, has grown into a behemoth with hundreds of corporate, government and higher ed clients and a reputation as the granddaddy of the modern influence industry. Despite reports that the country’s upper ranks were involved in the drug trade, Cassidy agreed last September to take on as a client the government that came into power following a military coup last April, for a contract that was reported at the time to be worth $1.2 million-per-year, to help build up the new government's legitimacy and advise it on badly-needed economic development efforts." Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo, the president of Equatorial Guinea, hired Cassidy & Associates to improve his image in the United States. In 2010 the firm no longer represented this client and later adapting to the new economic realities of the great recession in 2008, laid off 20% of its staff, including its CEO at the time Marty Russo 

</doc>
<doc id="9856039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856039" title="Erika Umeda">
Erika Umeda

Career.
Musical career.
In 2002, Umeda successfully passed the Hello! Project Kids Audition along with fourteen other girls. Eight were chosen for Japanese idol group Berryz Kobo with the intention of rotating the girls around. The idea was eventually dropped, and Cute was formed. As the oldest member of the group, Umeda was to be leader, but she declined the position and it was offered to the second oldest member of the group, Yajima Maimi.
On August 1, 2009, Hello! Project's website announced that Umeda was scheduled to graduate from Cute on October 25, 2009, the last day of their concert tour, with aspirations to become a fashion model.
In January 2014, She released the music video Crush on You on her YouTube channel.
Modeling career.
In 2010, Umeda was signed into a model agency called Illume Models. On May 22, 2010, her long-awaited model debut took place on stage at the Girls Award 2010, a large music and fashion event held in Tokyo.
On July 16, 2011, Umeda was signed into her new model agency called Peach Co.Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="9856041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856041" title="The Trick is to Keep Breathing (novel)">
The Trick is to Keep Breathing (novel)

The Trick is to Keep Breathing is the first novel from the writer Janice Galloway. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Polygon in 1989. The novel won the MIND/Allen Lane Book of the Year and was also shortlisted for both the Whitbread First Novel and Scottish First Book awards.
Plot summary.
Drama teacher Joy Stone is losing her grip. In an intriguing story of the onset and evolution of depression, her problems accumulate, denial activates, and food becomes a major player. All the while, she is trying to cope with the loss of her married lover and her own mother.
Through the wit and irony that is gaining international applause, Galloway crafts the chicken-or-egg dilemma of life in our times and being depressed. Yet even through her growing obsessions and the metamorphoses of family and friends into suspicious characters, Galloway's main character and the reader find that the trick in living rests with the simplest things.
Characters.
Joy Stone.
The novel's protagonist and narrator. She is 27 years old. She lives on a council estate on the outskirts of Irvine, North Ayrshire, not far from the dilapidated cottage she owns. She is a Drama teacher, and works part-time at a bookmakers. She is anorexic, and possibly as a consequence no longer menstruates. She voraciously reads women's magazines. She is an alcoholic. Throughout the novel she tries to find the "trick" to keep living on.
Marianne.
Joy's friend who is also a teacher. For the duration of the novel she is teaching in Kentucky, USA. She regularly writes to Joy.
Ellen.
The mother of Marianne. She lives alone in a house too large for one person. She loves to cook, and equates food with happiness.
Michael Fisher.
He was the husband of Norma Fisher, and Joy's lover. He drowned in a swimming pool in Spain when on holiday with Joy before the novel's own timeline. His death is retold throughout the novel in italicized text.
Paul.
Joy's ex-boyfriend. Childhood sweethearts, they were together for seven years.
David.
An ex-student of Joy's school where she teaches. Partner in Joy's affair while with Paul. Currently in college David returns after Michael's death and from then on spontaneously calls and visits Joy usually resulting in sex.
Tony.
Joy's boss at her part-time job. He calls her on a semi-regular basis to take her out to various events, usually resulting in Tony forcing himself on Joy mostly due to her submission.
Myra.
Joy's sister. She is twenty-three years older than Joy and they do not have anything in common - Joy is frightened of her since she used to abuse her as a child, perhaps due to having a miscarriage around the same time as Joy was born.

</doc>
<doc id="9856050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856050" title="Alejandro Berrio">
Alejandro Berrio

Alejandro Berrio Hernández (born August 7, 1976 in Cartagena, Bolívar) is a Colombian professional boxer.
Professional career.
Known as "Ñaco", Berrio turned pro in 1997 and won the Vacant IBF Super Middleweight Title with a TKO win over Robert Stieglitz in early 2007 in Rostock, Germany. Berrio sent Stieglitz to the canvas twice with right hands, with the referee stopping the fight with 23 seconds left in the third [http://sports.espn.go.com/sports/boxing/news/story?id=2787100]. It was a rematch between the two fighters, with Stieglitz winning the first bout in late 2005 via TKO.
He lost his title against Lucian Bute in Montreal on 2007-10-19 by TKO on the 11th round.

</doc>
<doc id="9856068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856068" title="Philippine barangay election, 1982">
Philippine barangay election, 1982

Barangay elections are held for the first time in the country's 42,000 barangays for the positions of barangay captains and six councilors on May 17, 1982 following the Batas Pambansa Blg. 222 or the "Barangay Election Act of 1982".
Barangay Officials.
A barangay is led and governed by its "barangay officials". The "barangay officials" is considered as a Local Government Unit (LGU) same as the Provincial and the Municipal Government. It is composed of a "Punong Barangay", seven (7) Barangay Councils or "Barangay Kagawad". Thus, there are eight (8) members of the Legislative Council in a barangay. Each member has its own respective committee where they are Chairmen of those committees. The Committees are the following: (1) Peace and Order Committee, (2) Infrastructure Committee, (3) Education Committee, (4) Health Committee, (5) Agriculture Committee, (6) Tourism Committee, (7) Finance Committee, and (8) Youth and Sports Committee. There are three (3) appointed members of each committee.

</doc>
<doc id="9856071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856071" title="Elisabeth of Bavaria, Queen of Germany">
Elisabeth of Bavaria, Queen of Germany

Elisabeth of Bavaria (c. 1227 in Landshut – 9 October 1273) was the queen consort of Conrad IV of Germany.
Family.
She was the eldest daughter of Otto II, Duke of Bavaria and Agnes of the Palatinate. Her maternal grandparents were Henry V, Count Palatine of the Rhine and Agnes of Hohenstaufen.
The elder Agnes was a daughter of Conrad of Hohenstaufen and Irmingard of Henneberg.
Marriages and children.
Her father Otto II had become a supporter of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor in 1241, following initial conflict between them. Their political alliance would lead to the marriage of the elder daughter of the Wittelsbach and the elder son of the Hohenstaufen. Said son was Conrad IV of Germany, son and heir of Frederick II. Their marriage took place on 1 September 1246, in her native Landshut.
Elisabeth and Conrad would only have one son:
Her father-in-law Frederick II died on 13 December 1250. He was still involved in a war against Pope Innocent IV and his allies at the time of his death. Conrad IV would continue the war until his own death of malaria at Lavello, Basilicata on 21 May 1254.
Elisabeth remained a widow for five years. She married her second husband Meinhard II & IV, Count of Gorizia-Tyrol in 6 October 1259. They had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="9856112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856112" title="Gerald Cassidy">
Gerald Cassidy

Gerald "Gerry" Cassidy is a prominent lobbyist in Washington, D.C. He is the co-founder and CEO of Cassidy & Associates. He is a graduate of Villanova University (B.S. 1963) and Cornell Law (J.D. 1967). 
Cassidy & Associates pioneered the use of congressional earmarks, used to obtain grants for university clients; Cassidy himself sat on the board of Villanova University and Boston University. Cassidy was also an aide to Sen. George McGovern and general counsel of the Democratic National Committee's Party Reform Commission.
In March 2000, Cassidy was named #52 on the "Forbes" "The Power 100." In early 2007, he became the subject of an extensive "Washington Post" series, addressing details of his personal life and professional success.
Cassidy is the central figure in Robert G. Kaiser's 2009 book on lobbying, "So Damn Much Money: The Triumph of Lobbying and the Corrosion of American Government" (Knopf, 2009: ISBN 0-307-26654-0).

</doc>
<doc id="9856126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856126" title="Jerry Gana">
Jerry Gana

Jerry Gana (born 30 November 1945) is a Nigerian scholar, politician and former Minister for Information under Ernest Shonekan. He was the director of the Mass Mobilization for Social Justice and Economic Recovery, popularly known as MAMSER. 
Later he became Minister of Information in the cabinet of President Olusegun Obasanjo, and in June 2006 announced plans to run for President.
Background.
Jerry Gana was born on 30 November 1945, at Busu in Doko LGA, Niger State. He attended Government College, Bida and Okene Secondary School before being admitted to Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria. He graduated in 1970 and went on for his Masters and Ph.D four years later at Aberdeen University. He was appointed Geography lecturer at ABU in 1973, senior lecturer in 1976, reader in 1980 and professor in 1985.
Early political career.
Gana ran unsuccessfully for president in 1992 on the Social Democratic Party platform.
He was elected Senator in 1983, serving briefly until the military coup that brought General Muhammadu Buhari to power. 
He was appointed chairman of Mass Mobilisation for Social and Economic Recovery under General Ibrahim Babangida's government. He subsequently became a cabinet minister for Agriculture and Natural Resources, Information and Culture, Cooperation and Integration in Africa and again for Information and National Orientation.
Fourth Republic.
Gana was the founding national secretary of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in 1998.
In June 2001, President Olusegun Obasanjo appointed Gana Minister of Co-operation and Integration in Africa.
In January 2001, Obasanjo dissolved his cabinet. In the new cabinet announced in February 2001 Gana was Minister of Information.
Gana was also secretary of the PDP Board of Trustees.
Gana resigned in July 2006 as special advisor to President Olusegun Obasanjo, and in August 2006 announced he would contend for the PDP candidature for the 2007 Presidential elections.

</doc>
<doc id="9856127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856127" title="1996 UEFA Champions League Final">
1996 UEFA Champions League Final

The 1996 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match played on 22 May 1996 between Juventus of Italy and Ajax of the Netherlands. The match ended in a 1–1 draw after extra time, forcing a penalty shoot-out, which Juventus won 4–2. It was the club's second triumph in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9856128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856128" title="Osvaldo Piazza">
Osvaldo Piazza

Osvaldo José Piazza (born 6 April 1947 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine football defender, now a manager.
Biography.
He arrived at AS Saint-Étienne, in 1972, replacing new coach Robert Herbin at fullback position.He was associated with Christian Lopez and had the habit to help the team offensively.He won lots of titles with AS Saint-Étienne. He was very popular at this time, and Bernard Sauvat wrote a song dedicated to him. Piazza earned 15 caps for Argentina, but could not participate to 1978 FIFA World Cup in his country due to family problems even though César Luis Menotti wanted him in the squad. In 1979, he played for Club Atlético Vélez Sársfield, before coming back to France with AS Corbeil-Essonnes, as player-coach but it was a failure.

</doc>
<doc id="9856160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856160" title="Seller agency">
Seller agency

Seller Agency is a relationship between a real estate agent and the seller in the brokerage of homes. The listing agent and the seller enter a written contact (the "Exclusive Listing Agreement") under which such particulars as home price, duration of agreement, commission, rights & obligations, duties, etc. are specified. 
The listing agreements are most commonly of the "exclusive sale" variety, under which the agent/broker earns a commission even if the seller finds the buyer (in an exclusive agency agreement, the agent/broker must procure the buyer to earn a full commission). 
The Listing Agent/Broker owes the Seller full duties as her fiduciary, including honesty, loyalty, dedication to purpose, acting in the Seller's best interests, etc., in exchange for the Seller's agreement to allow the Agent/Broker to sell the property and earn a commission. The Listing Agreement usually specifies that the Listing Agent/Broker agrees to share, 'co-op', or split, the total commission with a Buyer Agent/Broker who represents the Buyer. 
These terms are frequently set out in the Multiple Listing Service for the Seller and Listing Agent, and in the buyer listing service for the Buyer and Buyer Agent. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856163" title="French colonial livre">
French colonial livre

The livre was the currency of various French colonies until the early 19th century. It was subdivided into 20 sous, each of 12 deniers. It was mostly issued in paper money form and was generally linked to the French livre at the rate of 1½ colonial livres = 1 French livre. Colonies where it was used include French Guiana, Guadeloupe (see Guadeloupe livre), Saint-Domingue (Haiti), Martinique, Mauritius, New France (see New France livre) and Réunion.

</doc>
<doc id="9856180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856180" title="Clueless">
Clueless

Clueless may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9856194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856194" title="Bub Asman">
Bub Asman

Bub Asman (born August 17, 1949 in Louisville, Kentucky) is a film editor and sound effects editor. He and his colleagues on "Letters from Iwo Jima" (2006) won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing, and were nominated the same year for "Flags of Our Fathers".
He is a brother of cinematographer William L. Asman and sound designer John Asman, and began his career with brother John on Lee Jones's "The Hidan of Maukbeiangjow" and the films of William Girdler.

</doc>
<doc id="9856223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856223" title="Jim McNally">
Jim McNally

Jim McNally (born December 13, 1943) is a retired American football coach, whose 28-year career included tenures with the Cincinnati Bengals, Carolina Panthers and New York Giants before retiring following a four-year stint with the Buffalo Bills.
McNally began his coaching career for the University at Buffalo in 1965 and also coached at Marshall University, Boston College and Wake Forest. McNally won himself a place in the U.B. Athletic Hall of Fame in 1982 in recognition of both his Bulls playing career (1961–1964) and also his coaching expertise. He was inducted into the Greater Buffalo Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.
Since his retirement, McNally has participated in a number of summer football camps and clinics and serves as a volunteer fundraiser with the University at Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="9856234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856234" title="Krisztina Sereny">
Krisztina Sereny

Krisztina Sereny (born August 6, 1976) is a professional fitness competitor and pornstar from Budapest, Hungary. Krisztina has appeared in various fitness magazines such as Robert Kennedy's "Oxygen" magazine. In 2003 she became the first IFBB pro to make the cover of "Playboy" when she appeared in the Hungarian edition.
Contest history.
She is also an online live sex model.

</doc>
<doc id="9856239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856239" title="Feldpost">
Feldpost

Feldpost is the German military mail service. Its history dates back to the 18th century in the Kingdom of Prussia during the Seven Years' War and War of the Bavarian Succession and has existed ever since in different forms and shapes.
History.
World War II.
During 1937-39, the German Wehrmacht had a military mailing service that provided free postal services within Germany. On September 3, 1939, the first changes to the service occurred. Postcards and letters up to 250 g including newspapers could be mail free of charge by the German para-military and military organizations. Later in 1939, packages weighing up to 1000 g were included at the nominal rate of 20 Reichspfennig fee. All German military branches had its own organic postal administration in charge of receiving and delivering mail. For "Feldpost" offices closest to the combat zone a mobile facility usually processed mail for all military branches.
In 1940 further changes were introduced followed through the rapid conquest of Europe. Eventually a series of postal agreements were set up between Germany and the occupied countries providing an extended usage of Feldpost service. Countries such as the Netherlands had close to 50,000 pro-Nazi volunteers that during the course of the war used the Feldpost service. Eventually these postal agreements were settled between Germany and other countries, including neutral countries such as Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden and Turkey, which had volunteers within the German forces.
To preserve the secrecy of troop movements, each battalion was assigned a five digit code number called Feldpost number (FPN). By the end of 1939, letter prefixes "L" and "M" were attached in front of each FPN to units belonging to the Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine. A breakdown by military units was added by attaching letter prefixes "A" through "E" at the end of each FPN. The letter A generally signified headquarters company, the others stood for line companies. 
The sequence of an FPN does not necessarily mean that the location of the units were at the same area. The postal cover/postcard itself was usually stamped with a military "Feldpost Cancellation" and "Official Military Unit Seal". Feldpost numbers were sometimes reassigned to other units, particularly when a unit ceased to exist. Normally Feldpost mail could not be dispatched nor received by civil post offices. If a soldier wanted to send mail through a civil post office, full postage was collected.

</doc>
<doc id="9856248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856248" title="František Vladislav Hek">
František Vladislav Hek

František Vladislav Hek (April 11, 1769 in Dobruška, Bohemia – September 4, 1847 in Letohrad - until 1950 "Kyšperk", in German "Geiersberg") was a Czech patriot active in early phases of the Czech National Revival, writer and composer. He has novel F. L. Věk by Alois Jirásek.
Biography.
Hek was the son of a shopkeeper (of Dutch origin) from Dobruška. He received basic education in Dobruška and in Prague (since 1779) and since 1782 he studied at Piarists gymnasium in Prague. In Prague, Hek met the Czech patriots concentrated around the Kramerius' publishing house Česká expedice and around the Czech theatre groups. In the second half of the 1780s, he returned to Dobruška to take over the father's shop. Hek also served as local agent of Kramerius, loaned books from his large library (3,284 volumes in 1806) and tried to organize a local Czech theatre (it was forbidden by authorities). A fire in 1806 destroyed his shop completely and lost during the state bankruptcy of Austrian Empire in 1811. Since 1806, he cooperated with Josef Liboslav Ziegler (1782–1846), a patriotic priest. In 1821, his wife died and he retired. Hek then lived, among other places, in Herrnhut (in Czech language "Ochranov"), a center of Czech evangelical exile, and for last years of his life in Kyšperk (today's Letohrad), together with his daughter.
The historical novel "F.L. Věk" by Alois Jirásek is based on Hek's life, as described in his autobiography. A television series, "F.L. Věk", was shot in 1971. City Museum in Dobruška [http://www.mestodobruska.cz/muzeum/] owns Hek's birth house and since 1972 hosts an exposition about Hek here. Dobruška's main square was named after F.L. Věk.
Works.
The majority of the Hek's works were published after 1806; the 1820s were his most active period. The most important were his satirical epigrams. In 1820, he published book of epigrams "Great Friday" ("Velký pátek"), a scathing critique of provincialism in Dobruška. An example of epigram: "The Bigger Nitwit, the More Titles He Needs" ("Čím větší vůl tím více titulů"). Predictably, the work was banned and confiscated (only two original copies are known today), Hek was sentenced to three weeks in prison (he was pardoned due to his bad health) and had been harassed by authorities in Dobruška ever since. While living in Ochranov (Herrnhut), he translated old texts of Czech exilees into German. The most known music works were composed during the 1830-40s. Hek also wrote his own autobiography in German.

</doc>
<doc id="9856252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856252" title="Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus">
Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus

Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus, the red Irish lord (US) or bullhead, is a species of fish in the family Cottidae. It is found in the northern Pacific ocean, from Russia to Alaska and as far south as Monterey Bay.
Physical description.
"Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus" has a maximum recorded length of 51.0 cm, and a maximum recorded weight of 1,110 grams. It is predominantly red, with white, brown and black mottling and has 10-12 dorsal spines, 18-20 dorsal soft rays and 35 vertebrae.
Habitat and behavior.
"Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus" lives in temperate, demersal marine environments between 66°N - 34°N. It usually lives close to rocky shores but can survive at depths as low as 450 meters. Adults feed on mussels, crabs, and barnacles. They are not harmful to humans, with the possible exception of injuring oneself on their various barbs and spines while handling one barehanded. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856257" title="Lantern Theatre">
Lantern Theatre

The Lantern Theatre (Originally called The Chalet Theatre) is a small Sheffield theatre (seating capacity 84) built in 1893 and is Sheffield's oldest theatre. The Lantern Theatre is a former professional theatre venue and arts centre that houses small and mid-scale theatre, music, and comedy.
In 2011 the theatre produced their first professional co-production and in 2012 are producing their first in-house professional production of "Order", a play by Martin Derbyshire. In 2012 Ruth Carney replaced Martin Derbyshire as Artistic Director only to leave after one season at the helm. The theatre no longer has an artistic team and is an amateur-run receiving venue run by a general manager.
The theatre is situated in the residential area of Nether Edge, England. It was originally the personal theatre of a local industrialist, however it fell into disrepair after his death. It was restored as a theatre in 1957 by Dilys Guite. The Theatre was used almost exclusively by the Dilys Guite Players (who own the theatre) for the first forty years but in the last ten years the theatre has been hired out by the players and used by a number of groups, bands and companies.

</doc>
<doc id="9856284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856284" title="Tony Johnson">
Tony Johnson

Tony Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9856317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856317" title="Shefali Shah">
Shefali Shah

Shefali Shah (born July 1972), is an Indian television and film actress.
Biography.
Shefali Shah (née Shetty) was born in July 1972 and is the only child of Sudhakar Shetty (former RBI employee) and Shobha Shetty (a homeopathy doctor). She spent her early childhood at the RBI quarters in Santa Cruz, Mumbai where she attended Arya Vidya Mandir, Santacruz, Mumbai.
Career.
Shah made her film debut with "Rangeela" (1995), although she only had a few scenes in the film. She ventured into television with the serial "Kabhie Kabhie".
She starred in the critically acclaimed film "Satya" (1998) for which she received the Star Screen Award Best Supporting Actress and a Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actress.
Shah starred in the hit "" (2005) as Amitabh Bachchan's wife. The film was directed by her husband Vipul Shah. Her performance was appreciated by the critics. Shefali Shah's break through performance was as Ria Verma in the internationally acclaimed "Monsoon Wedding". She graduated to mature roles as Kasturba Gandhi in "Gandhi, My Father" and as Anil Kapoor's wife in the 2008 film "Black & White". She won a National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in Rituparno Ghosh's "The Last Lear". In 2010 she took to the stage opposite Kiran Karmarkar in the Hindi version of Chandrakant Kulkarni’s play "Dhyanimani", "Bas Itna Sa Khwab".
Personal life.
Shah was married to television actor Harsh Chhaya. After their divorce, she married director Vipul Amrutlal Shah. She has two sons with Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="9856339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856339" title="Argos Hill">
Argos Hill

Argos Hill may refer to a number of things.

</doc>
<doc id="9856354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856354" title="Kuforiji Olubi">
Kuforiji Olubi

Bola Kuforiji Olubi (born September 28, 1936) is a Nigerian noblewoman, banker and former federal minister of commerce.
She graduated from the University of London in 1963 with B. Sc honours in Economics. A fellow of Institute of Charted Accountants, England and Wales 1977, ICAN Nigeria 1976, British Chartered institutes of company Secretaries (ACIS 1964). Nigerian Institute of management (FMIN) 1985, British Institute of Directors.
She is a recipient of the following honours and awards: Doctor of Business administration from Enugu State University of Science and Technology, 1997, Doctor of Laws, LLD honoris causa (Latin: "for the sake of the honor"). Bayero University, Kano, 2004, Doctor of letter (Honoris Causa) , Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago Iwoye Ogun State 2006.
Other honours and awards include Federal government of Nigeria with the National award of member of the Order of the Niger in 1979, for her contributions to management education and socio- economic
Advancement of Nigeria. She was conferred with the award of Order of the Niger (OON) in 2002, award of certificate of Merit by the United Nations Decade of Woman, 1980, award for Excellence from the University of Benn's Skonit Club in 1988, honorary Grammarian of CMS 1988 by CMS grammar school, award of Excellence by Brigade of Nigeria, 1992, International award of Excellence for outstanding entrepreneurial achievements, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA. !992, a recipient of 2002 conferment award for Woman of achievements under the auspices of the Woman development centre, Abuja, 2005. Otuunba (Dr) Kuforiji Olubi holds many chieftaincy titles across Nigeria.
Her highness,the Otunba Ayora Bola kuforiji Olubi served in various capacity locally and internationally. She was the 25th president Institute of Chartered Accountant of Nigeria, the first female to become president of the Institute; while she was in the office she launched Accounting Technicians Course 1989–1990.
First Nigerian woman to be CEO of a multinational company (VYB Industries Limited, with British affiliates (incheape & Co Plc) and first female Chairman of a public quoted company (Bewac Plc).
Otunba Ayora Bola kuforiji chair and served on the boards of many other companies. The first Chair man of Ogun, Osun River basin development (1976–1980), member governing council Nigerian Institute of Social and Economic research (NISER) from 1981–1983. She was appointed chairman of a leading financial Institution, United Bank for Africa Plc in 1984 1990, a first woman in Africa south of the Sahara, Vice chairman National conference on Nigerian foreign policy to the year 2000, member National Sport commission 1986–89. She was a foundation member and chairman, Lagos State Education endowment fund (1988–1999). She was appointed as honorable Secretary (Minister) for commerce and tourism in the interim National government of Nigeria in 1983.
Otunba Ayora was a deputy chairman & Hon. Federal commissioner for Ogun state at the revenue mobilization.
Her publications include, the female Entrepreneur and Financial Management for Survival 1987, Civil service reform in a developing Economy 1988. The corporate Woman, a marginalised group, problem and Strategies for success, vide public enlightenment programme of the institute of Directors 1989. Technical education as a catalyst for technical cooperation and Economic growth in developing Countries 1992 and co-author of Changing Course.
Otunba Ayora is a chairman of many companies, SPHINX GROUP, PHOENIX TIDE offshore Nigeria Limited and Phoenix Occean line limited.

</doc>
<doc id="9856359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856359" title="Roger Guerreiro">
Roger Guerreiro

Roger Guerreiro (; born on 25 May 1982 in São Paulo, Brazil), commonly known as Roger, is a naturalized Polish footballer, who plays for Comercial in the Campeonato Paulista, as an attacking midfielder.
Club career.
AEK Athens F.C..
On 27 August 2009, Guerreiro signed a four-year contract with AEK Athens F.C. Guerreiro was the second Brazilian in the team, the other was Leonardo.
Guerreiro stated, "I am very glad to sign with a huge team like AEK, my first goal is to win the title with AEK, since the team has not won the title in the last decade". Guerreiro made his debut for AEK versus Iraklis on 13 September 2009.
Guerreiro was a regular for AEK until he fell out of favor with coach Dusan Bajevic and was not included in any squads. In the transfer period, Guerreiro was for sale and was offered to many European clubs. After the transfer period ended, Guerreiro apologized to Bajevic and was given another chance and is now a member of the squad. Guerreiro's first match of the 2010–11 season was an away game against Aris, the match ended 0–4 to AEK Athens.
Guerreiro scored his first goal for AEK against Atromitos scoring the only goal of the match giving AEK the 1–0 win. His contract ended in 2013 and did not get renewed.
International career.
He was granted Polish citizenship on 17 April 2008.
Roger received the citizenship in a speedy procedure, and was guaranteed a place in the Poland's football team for the 2008 European Championships (coached by Leo Beenhakker). He made his debut in a Poland shirt in the game versus Albania on 27 May 2008.
Euro 2008.
On 12 June, he scored his first goal for the Poland national team with a 30th minute shot against Austria in both team's second Group B match of Euro 2008. For this game, UEFA awarded him Man of the match. It was Poland's first ever goal in the European Championship.
Statistics.
International.
! National team
! Season
! Apps
! Goals
! colspan=2| Total
! 25
! 4
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9856369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856369" title="Marguerite Davis">
Marguerite Davis

Marguerite Davis (September 16, 1887 in Racine, Wisconsin - September 19, 1967 in Racine, Wisconsin) was the co-discoverer of Vitamin A and Vitamin B with Elmer Verner McCollum in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="9856377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856377" title="Rishabhadatta">
Rishabhadatta

Rishabhadatta (also Ushavadata) was viceroy of the Western Satrap ruler Nahapana, and his son-in-law.
Ancient inscriptions were incised in the Pandu-lena caves near Nasik describing how Rishabhadatta was son of Dinika and had married Dakshamitra, daughter of Nahapana. According to the inscriptions, Ushavadata accomplished various charities and conquests on behalf of his father-in-law. He constructed rest-houses, gardens and tanks at Bharukachchha (Broach), Dashapura (Mandasor in Malva), Govardhana (near Nasik) and Shorparaga (Sopara in the Thana district). He also campaigned in the north under the orders of Nahapana to rescue the Uttamabhadras who had been attacked by the Malayas (Malavas). He excavated a cave (one of Pandavleni Caves) in the Trirashmi hill near Nasik and offered it to the Buddhist monks. In his reign, he converted to Hinduism
He was vanquished by the Satavahana king Gautamiputra Satakarni in the 18th year of the later's rule.

</doc>
<doc id="9856385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856385" title="Marie Howet">
Marie Howet

Marie Howet (24 March 1897–24 March 1984) was a Belgian expressionist painter and illustrator.
Marie Françoise Céline Howet was born in Libramont, daughter of Constant Howet, a doctor, and Pauline Thiry. She received a musical education and learned drawing, attending school in Arlon. Originally she planned to study music but instead chose art and enrolled at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. Here she studied under Constant Montald. In her first year she received several prizes, but the outbreak of the First World War led to her family's exile in France. In 1915 she enrolled in the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris.
After the war she returned to Belgium and set up a studio at Rochehaut, near Bouillon, later moving to Saint Gilles. In 1922, aged 25, she won the Belgian Prix de Rome, organised by Belgian arts minister Jules Destrée, for her "Devant la maison à Rochehaut".
Her works received critical acclaim and several prizes for her work. She travelled and exhibited frequently abroad, illustrating collections of poetry on Greece, Turkey, Ireland, and Italy.
She died on her 87th birthday at Libramont.

</doc>
<doc id="9856386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856386" title="Dubai Bank">
Dubai Bank

Dubai Bank is an Islamic bank based in Dubai, UAE. Launched in September 2002, the Bank became a Shari’a-compliant financial institution with a focus on the UAE’s Islamic banking sector on 1 January 2007. Dubai Bank is part of the Dubai Group, a Dubai Holdings company. 
The bank increased its capital to AED 1.50 Billion in 2007 and is on an expansion spree, and as of March 2008 has total assets of AED 14.4 billion. The bank as of the end of 2007 has 15 branches spread across UAE and has more aggressive plans in 2008 including opening another 10 branches. 
Fitch Ratings has recently assigned Dubai Bank Long-term Issuer Default rating (IDR) 'A' with a Stable Outlook, Short-term IDR 'F1', Support rating '1' and Support Rating Floor 'A'.
News came on 11 October 2011 states that EmiratesNBD is all set to take over Dubai Bank as per orders from the Ruler of Dubai. Financial details are not available yet. http://gulfnews.com/business/banking/emirates-nbd-takes-over-dubai-bank-1.889634
29 November 2012 was the last day for Dubai Bank to work as Dubai Bank. From 1 December 2012 Dubai Bank cease to exist and everything will be under the umbrella of Emirates Islamic Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="9856389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856389" title="John R. Chapin">
John R. Chapin

John R Chapin (1827-1907) was a 19th-century American artist and illustrator, who worked for "Harper's Magazine". He was especially noted for a series of illustrations entitled "Artist life in the highlands of New Jersey" published in April 1860 which gave a realistic depiction of the daily life of miners.

</doc>
<doc id="9856403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856403" title="Bryan Little (disambiguation)">
Bryan Little (disambiguation)

Bryan Little is an ice hockey player.
Bryan Little may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9856430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856430" title="Barbara Handschu">
Barbara Handschu

Barbara Ellen Handschu (born 1942) is an American political activist and lawyer whose surname was memorialized on a set of federal guidelines "restrictions on police surveillance ... signed by the city [of New York in 1985". 
Handschu graduated from New York University and the University of Michigan Law School, but began her career as a law secretary to Justice Hilda Schwartz until her 1969 arrest at a squatters' demonstration in Manhattan caused her to switch careers to criminal defense lawyer.
Judge Charles S. Haight, Jr., the federal judge who signed off on the guidelines in 1985 "relaxed them, ostensibly to assist antiterrorism detection" in 2003. In 2005, the same year Handschu herself appeared at an anti-Iraq War protest, Judge Haight ordered the NYPD "in a 51-page order ... to change its surveillance practices at events where people gather to exercise their First Amendment rights". 
Personal life.
She was an activist lawyer, representing, among others, the Young Lords of Spanish Harlem (to one of whom, Robert Lemus, she was briefly married), the Black Panthers, the Chicago Seven and participants in the Attica Prison riots. 
She had been a resident of Buffalo, New York, and now is exclusively practising matrimonial and custody law in New York City; she no longer practices criminal law. She was the first female president of the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856434" title="Stilfragen">
Stilfragen

"Stilfragen: Grundlegungen zu einer Geschichte der Ornamentik" is a book on the history of ornament by the Austrian art historian Alois Riegl. It was published in Berlin in 1893. The English translation renders the title as "Problems of style: foundations for a history of ornament", although this has been criticized by some. It has been called "the one great book ever written about the history of ornament."
Background.
Riegl wrote the "Stilfragen" while employed as director of the textile department at the k.k. Österreichisches Museum für Kunst und Industrie (today the Museum für angewandte Kunst) in Vienna. His primary intention was to argue that it was possible to write a continuous history of ornament. This position is argued in explicit opposition to that of the "technical-materialist" school, according to which "all art forms were always the direct products of materials and techniques" and that ornamental "motifs originated spontaneously throughout the world at a number of different locations." Riegl associates this view with the followers of Gottfried Semper, who had advanced a related argument in his "Der Stil in den technischen Künsten; oder praktischer Ästhetik" ("Style in the technical arts; or practical aesthetics", 1878-79). However, Riegl consistently disassociates Semper's followers from Semper himself, writing that
The theory of the technical, materialist origin of the earliest ornaments is usually attributed to Gottfried Semper. This association is, however, no more justified than the one made between contemporary Darwinism and Darwin.
As the technical-materialist position had attained the status of dogma, Riegl stated that "the most pressing problem that confronts historians of the decorative arts today is to reintegrate the historical thread that has been served into a thousand pieces." Accordingly, he argued for a continuous development of ornament from ancient Egyptian through Greek and Roman and up to early Islamic and, eventually, Ottoman art.
Contents.
The "Stilfragen" is divided into four chapters and an introduction, which sets out the purpose of the work. The first chapter, "The Geometric Style," argues that geometric ornament originated, not from such technical processes as wickerwork and weaving, but rather from an "immanent artistic drive, alert and restless for action, that human beings possessed long before they invented woven protective coverings for their bodies." He supported this position through an analysis of geometric ornament in Stone Age European art, in particular objects that had recently been discovered in the caves of Dordogne. This ornament, he argued, developed from attempts to represent natural forms in two dimensions, which gave rise to the idea of an outline. After this "invention of line," the cave-dwellers proceeded to arrange lines "according to the principles of rhythm and symmetry."
The second chapter, "The Heraldic Style," addresses compositions of "paired animals arranged symmetrically to either side of an intervening central element." This type of decoration had been associated by previous scholars, most notably Ernst Curtius, with the technical demands of silk-weaving. Riegl argued instead that heraldic ornament arose before the invention of mechanical weaving-looms, and stemmed from a desire for symmetry.
The third chapter, "The Introduction of Vegetal Ornament and the Development of the Ornamental Tendril," traces an unbroken evolution of vegetal ornament from ancient Egyptian through to late Roman art. Here Riegl argues that motifs such as the lotus-blossom, although they may originally have been endowed by the Egyptians with symbolic significance, were adopted by other cultures that "no longer understood their hieratic meaning," and thereby became purely decorative. In the most famous section of this chapter, Riegl argued that acanthus ornament was not derived from the acanthus plant, as had been believed since the time of Vitruvius, but was rather a sculptural adaptation of the palmette motif. It was therefore "a product of pure artistic invention," and not of "a simple compulsion to make direct copies of living organisms."
The fourth chapter, "The Arabesque," continues the development of the previous chapter through late antique and early Byzantine and into Islamic art. The arabesque is understood here as a geometricized version of earlier systems of tendril ornament, thereby establishing a "genetic relationship between the ornamental Islamic tendril and its direct predecessor, the tendril ornament of antiquity." 
The final two chapters are therefore presented as a continuous history of vegetal ornament from ancient Egypt through to Ottoman Turkey, in which individual motifs develop according to purely artistic criteria, and not through the intervention of technical or mimetic concerns. In the introduction it is suggested that this development could be continued to Riegl's own time, and that "ornament experiences the same continuous, coherent development that prevails in the art of all periods."
Significance.
The "Stilfragen" remains a fundamental work in the history of ornament, and has heavily influenced the work of Paul Jacobsthal and Ernst Gombrich, among others who have addressed the same themes.
Within Riegl's work as a whole, the "Stilfragen" constitutes his earliest general statement of principles, although his "theoretical thinking had not by any means reached maturity." By severing stylistic development from external influences, such as technical procedures or a desire to imitate nature, Riegl raised an extremely complicated set of questions regarding the actual source and significance of stylistic change. As Otto Pächt has written:
In the picture that Riegl draws of the development the changes of style are meaningful in a specific way; continuity is not merely carrying on; every stylistic phase creates its own problems which are solved in the succeeding one, only to create new conflicts for which new answers have to be found. Thus the styles change of necessity, or to put it differently: in a kind of 'retrospective prophecy' the art historian shows that artistic development was compelled to move in the direction in which in fact it did. A view with most serious implications. One of them was that if one viewed art history in this way, absolute aesthetic norms became obsolete and had to be dropped.
Thus the concerns of the "Stilfragen" led directly into those of Riegl's next major study, the "Spätrömische Kunstindustrie" ("Late Roman art industry", 1901), in which he approached style change in late antiquity not as a symptom of decline, but as the result of positive artistic concerns.

</doc>
<doc id="9856437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856437" title="Redline (2007 film)">
Redline (2007 film)

Redline is a 2007 American action film starring an ensemble cast. The film's plot is centered on a street racing circle funded by a group of multimillionaires who wage millions of dollars over their high-powered supercars. It was written and produced by Daniel Sadek, who also used his own automobile collection in the film. The film title was borrowed from the original working title of the 2001 movie, "The Fast and the Furious". A critical and financial failure at the box office, the film is most notable for being funded by subprime loans issued by Sadek's company, Quick Loan Funding, which closed its doors in the wake of the subprime mortgage crisis. It was featured on the CNBC special "House of Cards" as an example of the excess of the pre-meltdown mortgage market in the United States.
"Redline" was released in North America on April 13, 2007, and has been given a PG-13 rating by the MPAA.
Synopsis.
Natasha Martin (Nadia Bjorlin) is a beautiful auto mechanic and aspiring musician who is invited to join music producer Infamous (Eddie Griffin) aboard his private jet en route to Las Vegas in appreciation of her services on his Ford GT. She is also a highly skilled race car driver, but is sometimes haunted by memories of her father's death at a NASCAR race many years ago. Meanwhile, on another side of town, Carlo (Nathan Phillips) has just returned from a tour of duty in Iraq. He meets up with his brother Jason (Jesse Johnson) before heading to Vegas themselves. Carlo is not happy that Jason is living with their mob boss uncle Michael D'Orazio (Angus Macfadyen), whom he always sees as the cause of their family's destruction. Little do they know that Michael has been running an unsuccessful counterfeiting ring and owes millions of dollars to another syndicate led by the "Godfather" (David Dayan Fisher).
On the outskirts of Vegas, a high-stakes race event is being held, with Michael, Infamous, Hollywood producer Jerry Brecken (Tim Matheson) and Chinese businessman Marcus Cheng (Michael Hagiwara) placing their bets over who has the better car. When Infamous' driver fakes an ankle injury, Natasha becomes Infamous' driver in exchange for $300,000 and a recording contract. However, she is unaware that Infamous has to place her on his wager, as Michael - who has been obsessed with her since watching her band perform on stage earlier - has placed four platinum bars at stake. At the same time, Brecken wages his brand-new Enzo Ferrari on Natasha.
Natasha (driving a Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren) takes on Jason (driving a Lamborghini Diablo). As they approach the finish line, Natasha is several car lengths ahead of Jason, but he quickly zips past her by engaging the onboard nitrous system. Unfortunately, because of the excessive speed, the Diablo loses downforce, flies off the ground and flips in mid-air before crashing upside down at the finish line. Attempting to avoid the falling Diablo, Natasha crashes on a barrier and is knocked unconscious. Before Carlo can reach Jason to rescue him, the Diablo bursts into flames, killing his brother instantly. Michael's henchmen, dressed as paramedics, place Natasha in an ambulance and speed off.
Natasha wakes up in Michael's mansion, realizing that she is now his property. Meanwhile, Carlo meets up with an old military friend and picks up some ammunition and gear before riding a Ducati 999 with the intent to kill Michael. After breaking into Michael's mansion, Carlo and Natasha bump into each other and leave the complex. This prompts Michael to have his henchmen kidnap her mother and convince her to drive for him at the next race at Red Rock Canyon in Nevada. Meanwhile, after receiving an ultimatum by the Godfather to pay him $80 million following a botched attempt at giving him counterfeit bills, Michael raises his funds for the upcoming race by borrowing money from the banks using his mansion as collateral.
In the final race, Michael, Brecken, Infamous and Cheng place their bets for a combined purse of $100 million. Infamous and Cheng are eliminated from the race after their cars (an SLR and a Porsche Carrera GT, respectively) are involved in separate crashes. During the race, Natasha (driving Michael's Enzo) receives a phone call from Carlo notifying her that he has rescued her mother. While she is several car lengths ahead of Brecken's Saleen S7 Twin Turbo, she stops the Enzo an inch away from the finish line and gives the S7 the win, costing Michael the race.
With no money left, Michael is given a last ride from the Godfather's henchmen. As a way of thanking Natasha for handing his driver the victory, Brecken gives her a recording contract (which shortly gives her a gold record and lands her on the cover of "Variety"), an Enzo and a Koenigsegg CCX. The film ends with Natasha (in the Koenigsegg) and Carlo (in the Enzo) racing each other before being chased by the police on the freeway.
Cast.
Daniel Sadek makes a cameo appearance as a poker player, alongside professional players Gus Hansen and David Williams.
Background.
Daniel Sadek, a third-grade dropout from Lebanon, migrated to the United States, where he worked at gas stations and car dealerships. After seeing many mortgage brokers buy cars from the Mercedes-Benz dealership he worked at, Sadek entered the real estate business and set up the subprime lending firm Quick Loan Funding in 2002. By 2007, Quick Loan Funding had approved US$4 billion in subprime mortgages, with Sadek's take-home earnings reaching US$5 million a month. He used his earnings to buy several homes in Southern California and Las Vegas, build his collection of expensive supercars and feed his insatiable appetite for gambling.
During this time, Sadek was engaged to soap opera actress Nadia Bjorlin. Using his subprime lending firm as his source of funding, he produced the film "Redline" to show off his car collection and help Bjorlin break out of the soap opera scene.
Enzo crash incident.
In March 2007, Eddie Griffin participated in a charity race at Irwindale Speedway to promote the film, using an Enzo owned by Sadek. During a practice run, Griffin lost control of the Enzo and crashed into a concrete barrier. He walked away unharmed, but the US$1.5 million supercar was badly damaged. Griffin went on to lash at reporters who claimed the crash was a publicity stunt.
Box office and reception.
"Redline" was a failure at the box office and with critics. The film opened at #11 at the U.S. box office, grossing US$3.9 million in 1,607 theaters in its opening weekend. The budget of the film was US$26 million and after six weeks in theaters, the film grossed US$6.8 million in North America. Furthermore, Cartoon Network sued Sadek for failing to pay the US$845,000 advertising fee.
The film was not screened for critics before it opened, and reviews after its premiere were universally unfavorable. On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 0% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 27 reviews. On Metacritic, the film had an average score of 24 out of 100, based on 12 reviews.
Home video.
"Redline" was released on DVD by The Weinstein Company on August 21, 2007. Christopher Monfette of IGN gave the DVD an overall rating of 5 out of 10, citing that it gives "more of the same; none of the new." The film has also been released on Blu-ray disc outside the U.S.
Legacy.
In the CNBC special "House of Cards", the crashing of two US$500,000 cars for a single scene is cited as a direct example of the excess of the pre-crash subprime loan market in the mid-2000s. Quick Loan Funding had long since crumbled following the film's release, and the expected profits from the film were heavily borrowed against. The film's failure further worsened the situation. Following the demise of his company, Sadek lost his escrow and lending licenses over issues of him withdrawing millions from his corporate accounts to gamble in Vegas. Aside from over a dozen cases revolving Quick Loan Funding, he was sued by Bellagio and Wells Fargo over unpaid debts and repeated cash advances done at gambling resorts worldwide. He declared bankruptcy in 2009.
"Vanity Fair" listed Sadek at number 86 in their "100 to Blame" for the economic crisis, dubbing him "Predator Zero in the subprime-mortgage game."

</doc>
<doc id="9856441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856441" title="Feldpost number">
Feldpost number

Feldpost number (FPN) () was an identification number for a German military unit during World War II used for military mail service which means when family members and friends wanted to send mail to the corresponding unit. It wasn't unusual for the same feldpost number to be used for different units throughout the war. As one unit would be destroyed, then the number might have been reallocated at a later date.
The Feldpost number was a five digit code number and by the end of 1939, letter prefixes "L" and "M" were attached in front of each FPN to units belonging to the Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine. A breakdown by military units was added by attaching letter suffixes "A" through "E" at the end of each FPN. The letter A generally signified headquarters company, the others stood for line companies. The sequence of a Feldpost number did not necessarily mean that the location of the units were at the same area.

</doc>
<doc id="9856448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856448" title="Mabahith">
Mabahith

The Mabahith (, , General Investigation Directorate), also spelled "Mabaheth", is the secret police agency of the Ministry of Interior in Saudi Arabia.
Role.
According to Human Rights Watch, the Mabahith "monitors suspected political opponents and others, targets individuals for arrest, and interrogates detainees. Mabahith agents operate with impunity and have been responsible for a wide range of human rights abuses, including arbitrary arrest, incommunicado detention, and torture."
Members of the Mabahith were allegedly responsible for the torture of Western detainees arrested during a car bombing campaign which started in 2000. Two members in particular, Khalid al-Saleh and Ibrahim al-Dali, were named by William Sampson in his court action against the Saudi Government. Sampson and others lost their case in the UK High Court when the Saudis used the State Immunity Act 1978 as their defence.
Prisons.
Al-Ha'ir Prison.
Al-Ha'ir Prison is a Mabahith-affiliated prison.
`Ulaysha Prison.
Mabahith runs the `Ulaysha Prison in Riyadh, where it holds prisoners under arbitrary detention. The United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention has objected to arbitrary detention at Mabahith's prison. , arbitrarily detained prisoners apparently include five founding members of a would-be political party, the Umma Islamic Party, and Khaled al-Johani, who publicly protested in Riyadh on the 11 March "Day of Rage" during the 2011 Saudi Arabian protests. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856452" title="Uttamabhadras">
Uttamabhadras

The Uttamabhadras are an ancient Indian tribe described in the Mahabharata. They lived in the Punjab. Uttamabhadras originally were people of Balkh who had entered India in Vedic times. In Vedic times, they were closely related to Kurus and the Purus. In Kurukshetra war, we also find Madras associated with the Kurus. King Shalya had taken part in the Mahabharata war, on behalf of the Kauravas. Madri, the mother of Pandava-putras Nakula and Sahadeva, was a Madra princess. Madri has also been referred to as Bahliki i.e. princess of Bahlika janapada/tribe and king Salya has been referred to as Bahlika-pungava i.e. foremost among the Bahlikas. Epic also refers to king Ashvapati of Madra, the beloved of the Paura Janapadas, who was father of Savitri. King Vyusitashva was a descendent of Puru a famous king of Rigvedic times.

</doc>
<doc id="9856461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856461" title="Dapo Sarumi">
Dapo Sarumi

Dapo Sarumi is a Nigerian politician and former minister for Information. In 1991, he contested the SDP gubernatorial primary but was later dis-qualified.
In late 2000, he was involved in a traffic accident and lost two of his ministerial aides.

</doc>
<doc id="9856469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856469" title="Malavas">
Malavas

The Malavas were an ancient Indian tribe, which initially lived in the present-day Punjab province in Pakistan, later migrated to the present-day Eastern Rajasthan state in India and finally settled in the present-day North-western Madhya Pradesh state in India, which is known as Malwa after them. They successfully maintained their tribal organisation till the time of Samudragupta. The era, which later became known as the Vikrama Samvat is associated with the Malavas. Initially it was mentioned as the "Krita" era and then as the "Malava" era. Most probably this era was mentioned as the "Vikrama" era for the first time in the Dholpur stone inscription of Chahmana Chandamahasena in 898 CE.
Origin.
According to the Mahabharata, the hundred sons of the Madra king Ashvapati, the father of Savitri were known as the "Malava"s, after the name of their mother, Malavi. Although Malavas are not actually mentioned by Panini, but his sutra V.3.117 mentions a number of tribes aa the "ayudhajivi samgha"s (those who live by the profession of arms) and the "Kashika" includes the names of the Malavas and the Kshudrakas in this group of tribes. The Malavas are actually mentioned in the "Mahabhashya" (IV.1.68) of Patanjali. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856472" title="Korea Citation Index">
Korea Citation Index

The Korea Citation Index is a citation index covering research in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9856479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856479" title="American Irish Historical Society">
American Irish Historical Society

The American Irish Historical Society is a historical society devoted to Irish American history, founded in Boston in 1897. The Society's 50 founding members included Theodore Roosevelt, who was part-Irish (on his mother's side). The Society's formal purpose, as stated on its web site, is: "to place permanently on record the story of the Irish in America from the earliest settlement to the present day, justly, impartially, fully, and sympathetically correcting neglect and misrepresentation by certain historians of the part taken in the founding, upbuilding and safeguarding of the Nation by persons of Irish birth and descent." Notable members through the years have included politician William Bourke Cockran, tenor John McCormack, New York Governor Hugh Carey, and performer/composer George M. Cohan. In 1940, the Society moved to a Beaux-Arts townhouse on Fifth Avenue in New York City, which it still occupies.
The society headquarters is at 991 Fifth Avenue, opposite the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The headquarters reopened March 16, 2008, after a two-year restoration undertaken by Lawrence Group Architects and MOS Construction led by Michael O'Sullivan. A series of cultural and scholarly events were planned to mark reopening in the Spring of 2008. The Library & Archives of the Society remain closed to the public until further notice. Scholars and researchers are encouraged to schedule an appointment in order to view selected archives and rare books.
The Society hosts cultural and historical events, publishes a journal entitled "The Recorder", and annually awards a Gold Medal to an Irish-American or Irish-national of significant accomplishment. Past honorees have included mystery writer Mary Higgins Clark, Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Ronald Reagan, and Bono from the rock group U2. In March 2009, a wake for actress Natasha Richardson, wife of Irish actor Liam Neeson, was held at the Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9856484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856484" title="Marian Engineering College">
Marian Engineering College

Marian Engineering College is an engineering college in Trivandrum, India. The college was established in 2001, and is affiliated with the University of Kerala. The College has become a pioneer Institute for engineering studies in Kerala and has emerged a leader in the Self Financing sector. It is one of the best engineering colleges in Kerala. This college has excellent world class facilities. The institute stretches over a campus in the neighbourhood of the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, Technopark, and Kinfra Apparel Park.
THE PREAMBLE
The MARIAN ENGINEERING COLLEGE, Kazhakuttom, Trivandrum is managed by the Trivandrum Social Service Society under the Trivandrum Latin Catholic Archdiocese. Approval from the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), Government of India, New Delhi is obtained for running this professional college.
The college started functioning in August 2001 with the students selected through the entrance examination conducted by the Entrance Examination Commissioner, Government of Kerala. AICTE approval, Government sanction and Kerala University Affiliation.
Courses.
The college offers B.Tech degree in the following courses:
ELECTRONICS and COMMUNICATIONS
The department of Electronics and Communication Engineering was established in the year 2001 with an intake of 60 students in view of the competence of the infrastructure of the department. The syllabus is updated to meet the requirements of the modern industries, keeping in mind the recommendations of industrial experts. Problem solving has been given a prominent place. Laboratory equipments are regularly updated. It is our commitment to continuously strive for imparting high quality education and training to our students, so that they are molded into competent professionals. In order to bridge the gap between knowledge and its true application, students are required to undertake seminars, mini-project and main project that put them through an industry-like situation.
The department offers B. Tech courses in Electronics and Communication Engineering and Applied Electronics.
'"Digital Electronics
Microprocessors
Control Systems
VLSI Engineering
Digital Signal Processing
Signals and Systems
Radiation and Propagation
Microwave Engineering
Radar and Television Engineering
Optical Communication
Class Project"'
Mini Project
Final Project
Seminars
Laboratories
Digital Electronics Lab
Electronics Devices and Circuits Lab
Microprocessors and Simulation Lab
Communication Engineering Lab
Measurements and Industrial Electronics Lab
Electronic Workshop
Programming Lab
Integrated Circuits Lab
Digital Signal Processing Lab
Microwave and Optical Communication Lab
'"COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering takes pride in being abreast with the latest requirements of the industry and the changing technological environments. The course emphasizes both on hardware and software fields with prominence on the software sector. The students work on developing computer components and computer system specifications, designing and building products and circuit prototypes and testing and assembling hardware for specific functions. They also use their programming skills to analyse and design programs. Other than the main project, the syllabus includes various seminars and a mini project.
The Curriculum covers areas like:
Computer Organisation
Object Oriented Techniques
Artificial Intelligence
Compiler Constructions
Systems Programing
Computer Graphics
DBMS
Data Structure and Programing Methodology
Simulation and Modelling
Class Project
Mini Project
Final Project
Seminars
Laboratories
Four Software Labs are present, which provide the students with the facilities meeting their curriculum requirements. A full-fledged Internet connection with a maximum downstream bandwidth 128 kbit/s which permits 24 hours access for the internet is present.
Systems Programing Lab
Computer Graphics Lab
Computer Network and Communication Lab
Data Structure Lab in C
Database Design Lab
Programming Lab(C, C++, Java, VC++)
Internet Lab
Business Information Lab
System Software & Compiler Lab
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Mechanical Engineering Department of Marian Engineering College called the "Evergreen Branch". The College has started B.Tech Course in Mechanical Engineering in the Year 2004. Experienced Staff, and some of the brightest students in the state contribute to the studying environment in the college.
Our Five Commandments are:
1. Quest for innovation Excellence and new ideas
2. Sustaining and improving the learning process
3. Creating, maintaining and improving the governing system
4. Maintaining high human values
5. Maintaining High work culture
The department has kept itself up to date with the latest developments and trends in the field and has become the mainstay of the institution. The aim of the department is to bring out the all-round abilities in the students and instil in them a vision for a better tomorrow. An interactive relationship is maintained between the students and staff, which enable the students to develop a sound foundation, which is an essential trait of good Mechanical Engineer.
Following subjects are included in the B.Tech Mechanical Course
Subjects:
Fluid Mechanics and Machines
Mechanics of Solids
Thermodynamics
Machine Drawing
Metallurgy & Material Science
Manufacturing Process
Theory of Machines
Machine tools
Metrology & Instrumentation
Dynamics of Machinery
Computer Aided Design
Heat And Mass Transfer
Design of Machine Elements
Principles of Managements and Decision Modeling
Mechatronics
Gas dynamics
Refrigeration and Air conditioning
Energy Management
Industrial Engineering
Automobile Engineering
Computer Integrated Manufacturing
Seminar
Industrial Seminar
Project Work
Laboratories:
Basic Work shop
Computer Aided Drafting and Modeling Lab
CAD Analysis Lab
Fluid Mechanics & Machines lab
IC Engines Lab
Production Engineering Lab
Machine Tools Lab
Thermal Engineering Lab
Metallurgy and Metrology lab
Strength of Materials Lab
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Civil engineering is the mother of all engineering branches and deals with design and construction of Roads, Buildings, Dams etc. Civil department is with full fledged laboratories, highly qualified faculty, advanced equipments, testing machines and professional soft wares.
Laboratories
Materials Testing Laboratories
Fluid Mechanics Lab
Survey Lab
Geo Technical Engineering Lab
Transportation Engineering Lab
Environment Engineering Lab

</doc>
<doc id="9856495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856495" title="Homeplus">
Homeplus

Homeplus () is a Korean discount store retail chain wholly owned by Tesco with 113 branches throughout South Korea. Homeplus is the second largest retailer in South Korea, just behind Shinsegae Group.
Services.
Homeplus operates both hypermarkets and its express format as well as a home delivery shopping service. Homeplus hypermarket stores typically offer general home products, clothing, electronics, and sporting goods. They also usually feature a multi-story car park, large supermarkets, and small, special-purpose stores such as fast food restaurants, travel agencies, appliance-rental firms, pharmacies, and bookstores. There are also "culture centres" in some of the stores.
In 2011, the retailer opened the world’s first virtual supermarket at Seolleung Station on Seoul Subway Line 2, where smartphone users can photograph the bar code the of life-size pictures, on the walls and platform screen doors, of 500 items of food, toiletries, electronics etc, for delivery within the same day. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856515" title="Matihani, India">
Matihani, India

Matihani is a village situated near the Ganges River. It is located in the Begusarai District, Bihar state in India.
Matihani is located at 

</doc>
<doc id="9856522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856522" title="Abraham Imogie">
Abraham Imogie

Abraham Inanoya Imogie is an Afemai (Edo state) Nigerian scholar and former secretary for Education in the short lived interim administration of Ernest Shonekan.
During his tenure, he tried to reduce the depth of federal control of schools and the lifting of foreign sanctions on Nigeria in order to ensure effective cooperation between Nigeria and foreign educational institutions. 

</doc>
<doc id="9856552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856552" title="Nokia 6136">
Nokia 6136

Nokia 6136 is a mobile telephone handset produced by Nokia. It features Generic Access Network (GAN), a technology formerly known as Unlicensed Mobile Access (UMA).

</doc>
<doc id="9856557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856557" title="Hamoud Hattar">
Hamoud Hattar

Judge Hamoud Hattar is an Islamic cleric famous for going into Yemeni jails housing (non-violent) al Qaeda members/sympathizers and other Islamic militants and debating them on the Islamic ideological foundations of terrorism and al Qaeda's terrorist philosophy. 
Successes.
Hattar's work with prisoners has been widely deemed as successful as to date none of the reformed terrorists or sympathizers is believed to have returned to terrorism. Further, intelligence gleaned from one of his "turned" prisoners led to the arrest of a (if not the) most senior al Qaeda officer in Yemen, Mohammed al-Ahdal. al-Ahdal was captured in a surprise raid on his wedding celebration and was a top al Qaeda financier.
Criticisms.
Hattar is not without criticism. U.S. officials have alleged that Yemen has released prisoners in Hattar's program who may have had links to the USS Cole bombing, but also note that it is an interesting soft approach to countering terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="9856563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856563" title="Susan Fassbender">
Susan Fassbender

Susan Fassbender (1959–1991) was an English singer, songwriter and musician, best remembered for the single "Twilight Café" which reached No. 21 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1981.
Career.
Born Susan Whincup in Wibsey, Bradford, West Yorkshire in 1959, Fassbender began studying classical piano, clarinet and timpani (later also playing synthesizer) at age 13. Eventually, she met up with guitarist Kay Russell who would become her songwriting partner throughout her career. Both women wrote lyrics and melodies together. Prior to their collaboration, Russell was with poet Nick Toczek in a Bradford based new wave outfit called Ulterior Motives.
Soon signed to independent record label Criminal Records after impressing their future manager Alan Brown at a musical instrument shop, Fassbender and Russell wrote "Twilight Café" which was released in 1980. Two appearances on BBC Television's "Top of the Pops" followed in January 1981, with a band also consisting of drummer Gary Walsh and bassist Mike Close. By this point ownership of the single had passed from Criminal to CBS Records owing to popular demand. In March 1981 Fassbender appeared on German television programme, "Disco".
Two other singles followed soon after; "Stay" and "Merry-Go-Round". "Stay", the second single, was promoted by an appearance on "Cheggers Plays Pop", a children's programme. Both tracks were collaborations between Fassbender and Russell. In January 1982, Fassbender and Russell appeared on another British TV show, "Multi-Coloured Swap Shop", to promote "Merry-Go-Round".
After the release of the latter singles, Susan Fassbender and Kay Russell both retired temporarily from the music industry, to marry and for Fassbender to raise three children. Further songs were written, separately and together, by both women, but no further interest was shown by the music industry in releasing the new material. A new album of un-released Fassbender and Russell demos was released on iTunes and Amazon on 30 April 2012.
Susan Fassbender committed suicide in 1991. Kay Russell did make some remarks via a chat site saying: 
""Years ago, Susan was my best mate, and we wrote songs both together and separately. It was a bit weird and strange - we seemed to be able to write in ANY style, when we were writing together.
"We did form the band, but the "powers that be" tried to tell us in which "style" we should write & perform, in order to make money. So, when there was a meeting of various A & R guys where we were rehearsing, these people said, "Give us something we can sell". So we tried to do it, & that's how "Twilight Cafe" came about.
"We did get a recording contract, on the strength of this one song, and two further singles were brought out - "Stay" and "Merry-Go-Round". Because these didn't hit the charts in any big way, we got the sack before we could release our first album. After that, Susan and I both got married and had kids.
"When we had the time, later, to get together and talk, we showed each other what we'd written and sung in our spare time... it was a bit sad, actually, because she liked my songs and I liked hers but nothing came of this due to the fact that we were both busy living a different life then. No matter... I continue to have ideas and to write songs, even though I'm 58 yrs old now.""
Discography.
Singles.
"Twilight Café" was released on Criminal Records and later CBS in both the UK and Germany, and on Lark Records in Belgium and the Netherlands, also later on CBS. The latter two singles reverted to Criminal and Lark. "Twilight Café" was also available as a 12" maxi single in Germany. All tracks were written by Fassbender and Russell.
Albums.
In 2012, Platform Records released "Twilight Café (The Demo Collection 1981–1985)", a 20 track album of previously unavailable recordings from Susan Fassbender and Kay Russell. The collection included the original demo version of the duo's hit single, as well as other songs familiar to Fassbender/Russell fans, including several of those featured on the second and final of their CBS 7" singles. The release contained 70 minutes of music, remastered from cassette tapes preserved by Kay Russell.

</doc>
<doc id="9856572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856572" title="Validis">
Validis

Validis is a web based service which detects anomalies in accounting data in very much the same manner as a spell checker finds errors in a text document. The word itself is derived from a concatenation of Validate and Discover. The primary user base is among accounting professionals both within the financial community of corporate and SME business and across professional accounting practice. It provides a means to identify out of line data that is incomplete, invalid, inconsistent, or inaccurate, an analysis collectively tagged the ‘Four Is’.
Technology.
The service, offered by Validis is based on IP owned and patent protected by Future Route.
Validis presents their service through a web-based interface. On the server side the system uses a number of sophisticated techniques to analyse data for quality problems.
Underlying the system is an abstract representation of accounting data, in the form of an ontology of accounting concepts. In an initial setup step the users accounts are automatically mapped into this representation by analysing the Chart of Accounts.
The system maintains an Expert System in the form of a body of rules that describe valid, and invalid states for individual transactions, accounts, and other elements of the accounting ontology. Validis employs a specialised rule language developed in house, similar to Prolog and SQL, to create these rules. The rules are written in terms of elements of the accounting ontology, and therefore once a set of accounts has been mapped into it, the rules can immediately be applied to that set of accounts.
Validis also uses Information Theory to discover records in the data that are inconsistent with the typical behaviour exhibited in the data. By finding records which have excess information bits relative to the information bits of the individual field values in that record, Validis is able to identify unusual combinations of field values. It presents these unusual combinations to the user in the form of easily understood propositional rules.
Numerical values in the data are also subjected to outlier analysis, individually, and agglomerated over time periods and over elements of the accounting ontology. Records with values that are outliers in absolute value terms, or that deviate from patterns identified in the data, are shown to the user.
Accounting data uploaded to Validis is also analysed and compared to the Benford Distribution (see Benford's Law), to check that the data has not been artificially generated or manipulated. The user is alerted if the data deviates from the expected distribution.
Reporting.
Output is presented in graphical form via a web interface. Underlying report data may be downloaded into excel for further analysis and manipulation. A presentable drill down analytical review may be manipulated across user selected time periods. 
Timeline.
While the parent business Future Route has been developing and deploying machine learning solutions since 2002. The service is due to enter beta release during March 2007 within a selected community of UK accountants, with full market availability soon thereafter. Initial deployments are compatible with SAGE (line 50), it is understood that further versions will be available shortly covering other versions of SAGE then MYOB, Intuit Quickbooks, Microsoft Dynamics GP and AX, Oracle, SAP, Sun Accounts, 
An alpha test period operating throughout January and February 2007 resulted in user interface modifications and adaptations to bring the service in line with UK accounting industry expectations. Initial deployments are based on Sage Line 50 accounting data.
Following release of an initial library of business rules, capturing local legislative guidelines for accounts preparation, and typical accounting errors, such as missposts, omissions the service is expected to extend to include industry specific rule packs and advanced analytic functions and to support additional accounting packages throughout 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9856573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856573" title="Acts and Epistles of the Apostles">
Acts and Epistles of the Apostles

Acts and Epistles of the Apostles (the "Apostle"), completed in 1564, is the first Russian printed publication that has an exact date. It was published by Ivan Fyodorov (Ива́н Фёдоров). 
It includes a short history of the origins of the first Moscow state printing house, written by the printer.

</doc>
<doc id="9856577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856577" title="Point-finite collection">
Point-finite collection

In mathematics, a collection formula_1 of subsets of a topological space formula_2 is said to be point finite or a point finite collection if every point of formula_2 lies in only finitely many members of formula_1.
A topological space in which every open cover admits a point-finite open refinement is called metacompact. Every locally finite collection of subsets of a topological space is also point finite. A topological space in which every open cover admits a locally finite open refinement is called paracompact. Every paracompact space is metacompact.

</doc>
<doc id="9856582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856582" title="Labaro">
Labaro

Labaro is a suburb of Rome located 11 kilometres north of its center along the Via Flaminia, just outside of the Grande Raccordo Anulare highway, and adiacent to Prima Porta. It has a population of c. 16,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9856586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856586" title="1997 in spaceflight">
1997 in spaceflight


</doc>
<doc id="9856619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856619" title="Popi Tsapanidou">
Popi Tsapanidou

Popi Tsapanidou (Greek: Πόπη Τσαπανίδου) (born 20 April 1967 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek television journalist and television personality currently working on Star Channel.
TV work.
Tsapanidou presents the daily news magazine "Live U" that keeps viewers up to date on the latest stories and events happening in Greece and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9856624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856624" title="Geoffrey Toye">
Geoffrey Toye

Edward Geoffrey Toye (17 February 1889 – 11 June 1942), known as Geoffrey Toye, was an English conductor, composer and opera producer.
He is best remembered as a musical director of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and for his association with Sadler's Wells Theatre. One of his ballets, "The Haunted Ballroom" (1934), became popular and was revived several times, and the new overture that he prepared for Gilbert and Sullivan's "Ruddigore" in 1919 became the standard version.
Life and career.
Born in Winchester, Hampshire, Toye was the younger son of Arlingham James Toye and his wife Alice Fayrer "née" Coates. Toye's father was a housemaster at Winchester College, who for many years ran a music society for the boys.
Early years.
Toye studied at the Royal College of Music, concentrating on composition and conducting. He also displayed such skill as a pianist that he was engaged "when little more than a boy" to accompany the celebrated soprano Luisa Tetrazzini. As early as 1906 he deputised for André Messager as conductor at performances of Messager's opera "Mirette" at Cambridge. Together with his elder brother Francis he composed incidental music for "The Well in the Wood", a "pastoral masque" by C. M. A. Peake; and was sole creator of the scenario and music for a short ballet, "The Fairy Cap", first given at His Majesty's Theatre in 1911, revived for charity performance the following year.
By 1913 Toye was conducting in major London theatres – for Maurice Maeterlinck's "Blue Bird" at the Haymarket Theatre, Marie Brema's opera season at the Savoy Theatre, and for the première of Bernard Shaw's "Androcles and the Lion". In 1914, he was entrusted by Ralph Vaughan Williams with conducting the première of his London Symphony at the Queen's Hall. When the manuscript was lost (having been sent to Fritz Busch in Germany just before the outbreak of the First World War) Toye, together with George Butterworth and the critic Edward J. Dent, helped Vaughan Williams reconstruct the work. Also in 1914, Toye introduced Butterworth's rhapsodies "A Shropshire Lad" and "The Banks of Green Willow" to London audiences. The night before the première of "The Planets", Toye dined with its composer, Gustav Holst, and the conductor Adrian Boult. Boult later recalled that Toye took exception to one bar in "Neptune", where the brass play chords of E minor and G minor together: "I'm sorry, Gustav, but I can't help thinking that's going to sound frightful." Holst agreed, and said it had made him shudder when he wrote it down, but he insisted that it must be that way: "What are you to do when they come like that?"
Toye joined the Army in 1914, first as a private in the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry, and later in the Royal Flying Corps, in which he served in France as a photographic specialist. He retired with the rank of major. For a time after the war he was a member of the insurers Lloyd's of London, where he organised many amateur musical activities and founded the Lloyd's Choir. He was engaged as assistant conductor of the Beecham Opera Company and also conducted concerts for the Royal Philharmonic Society in 1918 and 1919.
Rupert D'Oyly Carte, a fellow Wykehamist, appointed Toye as musical director for three D'Oyly Carte Opera Company seasons at the Prince's Theatre in London: 1919-20, 1921–22, and 1924. In his first season there, Toye revised the score of Gilbert and Sullivan's "Ruddigore," cutting some music and writing a new and more dramatic overture that did not use themes from numbers that Toye had cut. Thereafter, Toye's overture was always used by the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, even when the cut numbers were restored in the 1970s, and it became the standard performance version. He also arranged a new overture for "The Pirates of Penzance," but that did not remain in use, and no copy of the score is known to have survived. As D'Oyly Carte's musical director, Toye impressed the critics; "The Musical Times" wrote, "Mr. Geoffrey Toye is doing his work as conductor conspicuously well. He has made many of us realise afresh how beautifully the operas are scored. He has never-failing vivacity and the right sense of musical humour." In 1925 and again in 1927 the BBC broadcast "The Red Pen", "a sort of opera", with words by A. P. Herbert and music by Toye. In 1927 Toye was joint musical director of a benefit performance for the old D'Oyly Carte leading man, Courtice Pounds, in which Toye was joined by stars from many branches of theatre, including Seymour Hicks, Evelyn Laye, Walter Passmore, Gertrude Lawrence and Derek Oldham.
Later years.
Toye, who had already been made a governor of the Old Vic, became a governor of Sadler's Wells Theatre in 1931, where, as co-director with Lilian Baylis, he managed the opera and ballet until 1934. For the Sadler's Wells Ballet company, he composed two ballets to his own scenarios: "Douanes", in October 1932, a comedy set in a customs post described by "The Times" as "delightful and amusing", and, in 1934, "The Haunted Ballroom", which portrays the Masters of Treginnis who are cursed to dance themselves to death in a gloomy ancestral ballroom by the ghosts of the women whom they had loved. As in "Ruddigore", the curse is passed to the heir of the accursed. The piece makes "imaginative... use of an eerie... chorus commentary". "The Haunted Ballroom" was Margot Fonteyn's first principal role and also starred Robert Helpmann. Ninette de Valois choreographed both works and revived "The Haunted Ballroom" several times after Toye's death. Its last performance in Sadler's Wells's repertoire was on BBC television on 24 February 1957. The original choreography of the piece now survives only in fragments. The Waltz from the score is probably Toye's best-known composition and has been recorded several times. It remained popular for many years as an orchestral piece.
From 1934 to 1936, Toye became Managing Director of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, working alongside the Artistic Director, Sir Thomas Beecham. Despite early successes, Toye and Beecham eventually fell out over Toye's insistence on bringing in a popular film star, Grace Moore, to sing Mimi in "La bohème". The production was a box-office success, but an artistic failure. Beecham manoeuvred Toye out of the managing directorship in what Sir Adrian Boult described as an 'absolutely beastly' manner.
Toye obtained the film rights to the Gilbert and Sullivan operas. In 1938, he adapted, produced and conducted "The Mikado", starring Martyn Green, Sydney Granville and the American singers Kenny Baker and Jean Colin, but the onset of war prevented further screen adaptations. Toye composed and arranged the music for two other British films of the 1930s: "Men Are Not Gods" and "Rembrandt", both for Alexander Korda in 1936.
In 1940, Toye joined the staff of the BBC, in the American Liaison and Censorship Department. He was twice married, first in 1915 to the actress Doris Lytton, and later to Dorothy Fleitman, with whom he had one son, John, who was an actor and then a long-time news anchor for Scottish Television; he took his own life in 1992. Toye's elder brother, Francis, was a well-known critic and Verdi scholar. Their sister Eleanor's daughter became a principal soprano with D'Oyly Carte under the name Jennifer Toye.
Toye died in London at the age of 53.
Compositions and recordings.
In addition to his ballets, Toye's compositions included several books of songs (including some sea chanties), a symphony, a masque, "Day and Night", a radio opera: "The Red Pen"' (1925, with A. P. Herbert), an opera: "The Fairy Cup", and two short choral items: "Henrichye's Death", with orchestra, and "The Keeper", with brass accompaniment.
Toye made very few gramophone records. For HMV, in 1928, he conducted the London Symphony Orchestra in recordings of Delius's" Brigg Fair", "On Hearing the First Cuckoo in Spring", and "In a Summer Garden". The composer wrote, "All three... are excellent and I shall be glad to have them sold as authorised by me." Toye also recorded "The Walk to the Paradise Garden" in 1929.
Toye's overture to "Ruddigore" has been recorded numerous times, conducted by Harry Norris, Isidore Godfrey, and Sir Malcolm Sargent (who each recorded the complete opera) and Sir Charles Mackerras, among others. Norris, Godfrey and Sargent all observe some or all of Toye's cuts and other minor alterations in the score. Toye's only recording conducting a Gilbert and Sullivan work is the 1938 film of "The Mikado" referred to above. Of Toye's original music, the waltz from "The Haunted Ballroom" has been recorded several times, including one in the 1990s by the Marco Polo record label. A complete recording of the ballet was made in 2001 by the Royal Ballet Sinfonia.

</doc>
<doc id="9856657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9856657" title="Los de Abajo (band)">
Los de Abajo (band)

Los de Abajo are a band from Mexico City founded in 1992 as a Latin ska four-piece. Since then they have expanded to eight members and widened their musical influences to include rock, salsa, reggae, ska, cumbia, Son Jarocho and banda sinaloense. Founder member Liber Terán is the main vocalist and writes many of the songs, although all band members receive equal pay for their contributions.
The band was unable to secure a record deal in Mexico, as their music was considered to be insufficiently commercial, and ended up releasing their first album "Latin Ska Force" independently. However, in 1999 they secured a deal with David Byrne's Luaka Bop record label to release their international debut, "Los de Abajo". 
The follow-up "Cybertropic Chilango Power" was released in 2002 and won BBC Radio 3's World Music Award for the Americas. 2006's "LDA v The Lunatics" saw them continue to absorb influences from around the world and included a Spanish-language version of The Fun Boy Three song "The Lunatics (Have Taken Over The Asylum)", featuring Neville Staples.
The band are supporters of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and have played benefits gigs for the revolutionary group. The Zapatistas' Comandante Esther features on "Resistencia", the first track on "LDA v The Lunatics". 

</doc>
