<doc id="9635989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9635989" title="Wilderness Road (band)">
Wilderness Road (band)

Wilderness Road was a rock band founded in 1968 by musicians Warren Leming, Nate Herman, and relatives Andy and Tom Haban. The group, which performed an elaborate stage show, drew on American folklore, and was active in the Anti-War, and Peace Movements of the late Sixties and early Seventies central to Chicago's counterculture movement of the period.
Stage show.
Both Leming and Herman were writer/musicians who came out of theatrical/musical backgrounds, and the Road's blend of original songs, many of them satirical, and performance features like: the Dope Report, a critique of the Drug Culture then prominent; the Gospel Hour-: a musical analysis of Fundamentalist Christian radio and politic; and Ricky and the Balloons, a Fifties revival band that urged listeners to "Come on down to the Del Vino Lounge", made the band an eclectic mix of the satirical and singular.
Albums and management.
The band's first album was a film scenario disguised as rock album, but could not be labeled a "concept" project for fear that it would not attract an audience. 
The group produced two albums: "Wilderness Road" (Columbia Records), and "Sold for the Prevention of Disease Only" (Warner Reprise). The band was managed by Ron Oberman, who had previously worked for Mercury Records. (He headed their publicity department.) 
Oberman, following an unsolicited letter to the band, brought them to Columbia, where they were signed by A and R man, Alan Rinde. The band had established a significant audience in Chicago through their performances at The Wise Fools Pub, and were the first rock band to have drawn audiences to Chicago's Lincoln Ave., in Old Town, an area of the city now known for its bars, musical venues, and restaurants.
Performance history.
The ensemble was road managed by Ray Ward, who oversaw the bands national and midwestern tours. They frequently opened for Sha Na Na, the 50s revival act.
Member histories.
Herman, who was a mandolin, dobro, piano and guitar player, had met Leming (guitar and banjo) at the famous The Second City (1616 N. Wells St., Chicago). Both were satirists and deeply influenced by American roots music: Herman having fronted The Absolute Truth String Band, and Leming, with Ray Tate: The Urban Renewal Boys, two of Chicago's first "urban Bluegrass" groups. Leming had been a folk musician and had worked with Byrds founder Jim (later Roger) McGuinn and guitarist song-writer Richard Toups. 
Herman, a multi-instrumentalist, had founded a Chicago rock group: The Moving Violations, which featured pianist Bob Hoban, and guitarists Paul Ostrof, Larry Marks, and Carmi Simon.
Later history.
The Road began its Chicago career doing benefits for the Chicago Seed (underground newspaper), and to raise funds for the Chicago Conspiracy Trial, which followed Chicago's 1968 "the whole world is watching" Democratic National Convention, where violence ended Vice President Hubert Humphrey's political career in what was later termed "a police riot".
The Road left Columbia in the early 1970s, and were immediately signed by Warner Reprise following a club date in San Francisco. They spent two months at L.A.'s Tropicana Motel (home to Andy Warhol and Tom Waits) while recording "Sold for the Prevention of Disease Only", which was criticised by DJs and record company execs for a condom image: the album's title refers to a slogan then seen on condom machines. 
With the waning of the anti-mercantilist "hippy" movements and the marginalizing of the Peace Movement through the election of Richard Nixon, the Road's activist audience was soon overwhelmed by Glam Rock, and the consumerist putsch which ended FM Progressive radio, and the independent "counter cultural" bands shot at airplay.
The Road has been compared with The Byrds, The Band, The Grateful Dead, the Amazing Rhythm Aces, and a number of other groups who created original material and found an audience among the "counter culture." They are to be found under Alt Americana, Alt- and Acid Country, Country Rock, and Americana on website and collector venues.
Past sidemen.
Lou Henslee, Doug Kassel, Louis Ross, Bob Hoban (now with Rodney Carrington), Stuart Klawans (the Nation's film critic), Rawl Hardman, and Ric Mann all performed with the Road: and Herman, Hoban and Leming went on to produce "The Unsung Story of Rock and Roll" (for National Public Radio), and featuring friends John Prine and Steve Goodman.
Press/Literature.
Critiques of the band's performance and history are to be found in "Rolling Stone" (Paul Nelson), "Chicago Tribune" (Lynn Van Matre, Bruce Vilanche, Dick Cheverton), "Chicago Daily News" (Jack Haffercamp), "Playboy Magazine" (David Standish), Creem (Dave Marsh), "Chicago Seed" (Eliot Wald, Abe Peck), "Music Magazine", "Variety", "Billboard", East Village Other (Robert Rudnick), and the many "underground" papers of the period. Band member Warren Leming published a comic book "Snuk Comics", which featured the work of Leming and fellow band member Nate Herman, illustrated by underground comic legend Skip Williamson. The comic has since become a widely sought after collectors item. Leming also wrote a series of essays,songs, and a play "Cold Chicago", which has been published by Charles H.Kerr, the oldest surviving radical press in the United States.
Later career of principals.
Nate Herman went on to work as a writer/performer at the National Lampoon Radio Hour, and for "Saturday Night Live" TV. Leming, who left the US for England in 1972, wrote a musical with English poet and author Heathcote Williams (AC/DC, The Local Stigmatic). 
Herman and Leming later worked as satirists for National Public Radio's "All Things Considered" program and wrote and performed a musical: "A Christmas Commercial" at the St. Nicholas Theater in Chicago in 1976. Leming has had an active career since 1989 as a documentary film maker, working in close collaboration with documentarian/producer Denis Mueller. To date the two have written and produced over eight documentaries: most recently a new look at the JFK affair entitled "The Kennedy File" (to be released in Europe in 2007/2008.)
The band's first album cover is often listed among the 100 top album covers of all time. Based on an Edward Hopper painting, Morning, 1948, it was rendered as a model, the Hopper estate having refused permission to use the Hopper painting.
Tom Haban founded Chicago's Seagrape Studios, and pioneered Chicago Acid House, while his bassist brother Andy joined Lenny and the Squig Tones of TV's "Laverne and Shirley" show.

</doc>
<doc id="9636009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636009" title="Doc McJames">
Doc McJames

James McCutchen James (August 27, 1874 – September 23, 1901) was a professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher over parts of six seasons (1894–1899, 1901) with the Washington Senators, Baltimore Orioles and Brooklyn Superbas. He was the National League strikeout champion in 1897 with the Washington Senators. For his career, he compiled a 79–80 record in 178 appearances, with a 3.43 ERA and 593 strikeouts. 
Following his breakout year with the Washington Senators he was sold to the Baltimore Orioles where he achieved stardom with a 27–15 record, pitched 40 complete games in 42 starts, and had an earned run average of 2.36. He was second in the league with 178 strikeouts, fourth in ERA and fourth in complete games. For many years that team would be considered one of the best ever. With James as star pitcher the team included such baseball legends as John McGraw, Willie Keeler, Hughie Jennings, Wild Bill Donovan and other stars of the baseball world.
The following season the owners of the Baltimore Orioles purchased a half interest in the Brooklyn Bridegrooms (dubbed the "Superbas" by the media) and took their best players with them. This included James, Jennings, Keeler, Jim Hughes and Joe Kelley. During the final game of 1899, his first season with the Superbas, James came within one out of throwning a no-hitter in his 4–0 victory over the Boston Beaneaters (forerunner of the Boston Braves). The no-hitter was spoiled by future Hall-of-Famer Hugh Duffy with a ninth-inning single.
James went by his correct name of James James during his first season, then changed to "Doc McJames" for the remainder of his career. It is speculated that he did so to hide knowledge of his baseball career from him parents, as playing baseball was not entirely reputable at the time. He had a clause in each of his major league contracts preventing teams from playing him on Sundays.
Before playing professional baseball, James attended the University of South Carolina. He was the first Gamecocks baseball player to make it to the major leagues. In addition, he played guard on the school's inaugural football team in 1892.
James was born in Williamsburg County, South Carolina. At the peak of his career he attended medical school at the Charleston Medical College (now Medical University of South Carolina) in the off-season, graduating after 3 years in 1900. He later left baseball to briefly practice medicine with his father and brother in South Carolina. While making a house call he was thrown from a horse-drawn carriage and within a month died from complications in Charleston, South Carolina at the Medical University of South Carolina. He was the age of 27 when he died.
James was the great-grandson of Judge William Dobein James, who, at age 16 served in the Williamsburgh Militia under General Francis Marion, during the American Revolution. William James later wrote a Life of Marion, which is much used today as a reference because of its first-hand information. Doc McJames was also the great-great grandson of Major John James, chief officer under Francis "Swamp Fox" Marion of Revolutionary War fame.
Dr.James practiced medicine in Cheraw, South Carolina. Cheraw was an active baseball town in this period and produced several other noted baseball players. Dr. James is buried in Old St. David's Cemetery in Cheraw, SC. 

</doc>
<doc id="9636023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636023" title="The Shadows' Madame">
The Shadows' Madame

"The Shadows' Madame" was the debut album for Cadaveria.

</doc>
<doc id="9636025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636025" title="Athletics at the 1998 Commonwealth Games">
Athletics at the 1998 Commonwealth Games

At the 1998 Commonwealth Games, the athletics events were held at the National Stadium, Bukit Jalil, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from the 16–21 September 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9636028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636028" title="Athletics at the 1994 Commonwealth Games">
Athletics at the 1994 Commonwealth Games

At the 1994 Commonwealth Games, the athletics event were held in Victoria, BC, Canada, at the Centennial Stadium on the grounds of the University of Victoria. A total of 44 events were contested, of which 22 by male 19 by female athletes. Furthermore 2 men's disability events were held within the programme.
There were 126 medals decided in total with England topping the table with 36 medals in total. Australia were second with 22 and the host nation Canada came third with 15.
The competition saw both the rise and fall of Horace Dove-Edwin, a sprinter from Sierra Leone. He became his country's first Commonwealth medallist with an unexpected silver medal behind Linford Christie in the 100 metres. He had not attended the opening ceremony as his country did not have enough money for a uniform and his story attracted much public sympathy and attention from the press. His meteoric rise (improving from 10.34 seconds to 10.02 over two days) was swiftly punctured as he was banned for two years after his doping test came back positive for the steroid stanozolol.

</doc>
<doc id="9636031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636031" title="Crazy Elephant">
Crazy Elephant

Crazy Elephant was a short-lived American bubblegum pop band noted for their 1969 hit single, "Gimme Gimme Good Lovin'". Crazy Elephant was a studio concoction, created by Jerry Kasenetz and Jeff Katz of Super K Productions, promoted in "Cash Box" magazine as allegedly being a group of Welsh coal miners. Former Cadillacs member Robert Spencer was widely utilized on lead vocals, though future 10cc member Kevin Godley took lead vocals on "There Ain't No Umbopo", recorded at Strawberry Studios in Stockport, England, and released on the Bell label in May 1970. A touring group was formed later for promotional purposes. The bassist on "Gimme Gimme Good Lovin'" was Gary Gaynor, a local studio musician who also worked with Laura Nyro. The song was covered by Detroit band Adrenalin featuring vocalist David Larson in 1979 and later by Helix.
Crazy Elephant's "Gimme Gimme Good Lovin'" (b/w "The Dark Part of My Mind") was a transatlantic one-hit wonder, making #12 on both the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart and the UK Singles Chart. Several follow-up singles, including "Gimme Some More" (b/w "My Baby (Honey Pie)") and "Sunshine Red Wine" (b/w "Pam"), failed to chart. 
The band also released a self-titled album in 1969 featuring:

</doc>
<doc id="9636060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636060" title="Bernard de Marigny">
Bernard de Marigny

Bernard Xavier Philippe de Marigny de Mandeville, (1785–1868) (also known as Bernard de Marigny) was a French-Creole American nobleman, playboy, politician, and President of the Louisiana Senate between 1822-1823.
Early life.
The son of Pierre Philippe de Marigny de Mandeville (1750-1800) Ecuyer and Chevalier de St. Louis by his wife Jeanne Marie d'Estrehan de Beaupré, Bernard was born in New Orleans in 1785. His paternal grandfather, Antoine Philippe de Marigny, was a French nobleman, military officer, and geographer, while his maternal grandfather, Jean Baptiste d'Estrehan, was the Royal Treasurer of the Louisiana colony. In 1798, Louis-Philippe, Duke of Orléans (who became King Louis Philippe in 1830) and his two brothers, the Duke de Montpensier and the Count of Beaujolais, visited the Marigny plantation, in Fontainebleau. By all accounts, they were lavishly entertained by the Marignys. One story recounts that special gold dinner ware was made for the occasion of the Duke of Orleans' visit and was thrown into the river afterward because no one would be worthy of using it again. 
The visit of the French royals apparently had a big impact on Marigny as it is reported as one example of the spoiled life in which he was reared. When he was 15, his father died and Marigny inherited his father's plantation just below the city gates, east of New Orleans' Vieux Carré. According to historians, "His every whim indulged while his father was alive, he became as wild and headstrong after his death as an unbacked mustang, and his guardian, abandoning all idea of control, finally shipped him to England, hoping that life abroad might mend his manners; but in London Bernard's dissipations became only more pyrotechnic, and he spent most of his time at Almack's and other famous gambling places."
Craps.
One of the things Marigny brought back to New Orleans from England was the dice game Hazard which became popular in a simplified form, known in local dialect as ""Crapaud"".
Faubourg Marigny.
On reaching his majority in 1806, Marigny at once had his plantation subdivided and began to develop the Faubourg Marigny. Marigny had many gambling debts and the smaller the land parcels the more there was to sell. The area grew rapidly and lots were sold all the way into the 1820s. Marigny's development was immediately popular. He spent most of 1806 and 1807 at the office of notary Narcisse Broutin selling sixty-foot lots or emplacements to prospective homebuilders. Marigny has famously named the streets of his neighborhood whimsically (Peace, History, Poets, Frenchman, Greatmen, Music, Love and Craps (after the game of chance he introduced to America). "Though said to be poorly educated in the classics, he christened the main thoroughfare to his house Elysian Fields after Virgil's "Deathless Residence of the Spirits of the Blessed." 
As more English-speaking Americans arrived in New Orleans, tensions between them and the settled Creoles began to grow. When two American developers approached Marigny about future commercial development of the city in the area of the Faubourg Marigny, the Creole first agreed, and then reneged by instructing Madame Marigny to stay away from the notary office, thus effectively killing the deal; this was reportedly due to his notorious dislike of the American settlers who were considered uncouth parvenus. This act was seen as extremely bad faith on the part of Marigny, and not only ensured that housing development grew uptown instead of east of the city, but also affected both his finances and his political career: "Marigny was severely blamed by the rest of the Creole population for thus yielding to his anti-American prejudices. This feeling ultimately worked his political destruction. Thereafter he was not looked on as a safe leader, and when he became a candidate for the governorship, they refused to support him."
Strapped for cash, Marigny later sold his lots not only to his fellow Creoles, but to French-speaking gens de couleur to whom he was also related through his half-sister, the businesswoman Eulalie de Mandeville Macarty, thus helping to create a traditional enclave of the New Orleans Creoles of color. Eulalie was the illegitimate daughter of Marigny's father, Pierre Philippe by a black household slave, Marie Jeanne with whom he had a relationship prior to marrying Marigny's mother. Eulalie was given her freedom and brought up by her paternal grandparents who left her well-provided for.
Battle of New Orleans.
During the battle, General Andrew Jackson established his headquarters at Marigny's plantation on Victory Street. Nevertheless, Marigny and Edward Livingston were unable to convince the American General to meet and seek the support of the pirate Jean Lafitte whom the British had reached out to, but who according to Marigny was inclined to support the Americans. Lafitte did eventually meet and persuade Jackson of their support, which proved useful during the campaign.
Political career.
In 1811, and again in 1814, Marigny was elected to the New Orleans City Council to represent the Fifth Ward. From 1822 to 1823, Marigny served as President of the Louisiana Senate, and, as there was no Lieutenant Governor, he was next in line of succession to Governor Thomas B. Robertson. In 1828, Marigny ran for Governor of Louisiana and was defeated by Pierre Derbigny whom he had supported in the 1820 election. He ran again in the tumultuous gubernatorial election of 1830, which was called early due to the death of Governor Derbigny and the resignation of the next two acting Governors. Marigny was unsuccessful and Andre B. Roman was elected.
Marigny eventually lost his fortune gambling and died impoverished in 1868. He was buried at St. Louis Cemetery #1 in New Orleans
See also.
History of New Orleans<br>
History of Louisiana<br>
Antoine James de Marigny<br>
List of streets of New Orleans<br>
New Orleans neighborhoods

</doc>
<doc id="9636079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636079" title="TNA World Heavyweight Championship">
TNA World Heavyweight Championship

The TNA World Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship owned by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It is currently the highest ranked championship in TNA and is primarily defended in TNA's heavyweight division. It was unveiled on May 14, 2007 at the taping of TNA's primary television program, "TNA Impact!"; this episode of "Impact!" did not air until May 17, 2007. The inaugural champion was Kurt Angle.
Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won via the result of a scripted match. Before the TNA World Heavyweight Championship was created, TNA held control over the NWA World Heavyweight Championship due to an agreement between TNA and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), the organization which owned the NWA Championship. In 2007, the agreement between TNA and the NWA ended, leading to the creation of the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. There have been a total of twenty-seven reigns among fifteen different wrestlers. The championship is currently held by Lashley.
History.
The Total Nonstop Action Wrestling promotion formed in May 2002. Later that same year TNA was granted control over the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships by the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) governing body; subsequently becoming an official NWA territory as NWA–TNA. On June 19, 2002, NWA–TNA held its first show; a weekly pay-per-view (PPV) event. The main event of the telecast was a twenty-man Gauntlet for the Gold match in which twenty men trying to throw each other over the top rope and down to the floor in order to eliminate them, until there were two men left who wrestle a standard match to become the first ever TNA-era NWA World Heavyweight Champion. Ken Shamrock defeated Malice to win the vacant championship with Ricky Steamboat as Special Guest Referee at the event.
Creation.
The NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships were contested for in TNA until the morning of May 13, 2007. On that day, NWA's Executive Director Robert Trobich announced that the NWA were ending their five–year agreement with TNA, which had allowed them full control over both titles. Trobich went on to state that effective that morning, then-NWA World Heavyweight Champion Christian Cage and the Team 3D pairing of Brother Ray and Brother Devon, then-NWA World Tag Team Champions, were stripped of their respective championships. The alleged motivation behind these actions was because Cage refused to defend the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against wrestlers from NWA territories. That same day, TNA were scheduled to produce their Sacrifice 2007 PPV event, in which both Cage and Team 3D were to defend their respective championships. On the card, Cage was scheduled to defend the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against Kurt Angle and Sting in a match involving three competitors, also known as a Three Way match.
That night before, the onscreen graphic used to refer to the champions and their respective championships credited both Cage and Team 3D as still being NWA Champions. However, the ring announcers for the encounters proclaimed the matches as being strictly for the "World Heavyweight Championship" or the "World Tag Team Championship". Angle defeated Cage and Sting to win the "World Heavyweight Championship".
TNA held a set of tapings for the next two episodes of "TNA Impact!" on May 14, with the episodes set to air on tape delay on May 17 and May 24, 2007. At the first taping, Angle came to the ring with the new TNA World Heavyweight Championship belt and announced that he was the "new TNA World Heavyweight Champion". TNA commentator Mike Tenay announced when Angle made his way to the ring that Management Director Jim Cornette, TNA's on-screen authority figure at the time, "made the decision that due to TNA's growing worldwide exposure, the company needed to have its own TNA title belts"; thereby not acknowledging the NWA ending their agreement with TNA and giving a storyline explanation as to why the championship was created. Later on during the broadcast, Cornette stripped Angle of the TNA World Heavyweight Championship due to a controversial finish to the match at Sacrifice. Cornette then announced the championship would be contested for at TNA's Slammiversary PPV event on June 17, 2007 in a King of the Mountain match—a match which involves five participants racing to gain a pinfall or submission to become eligible to hang a championship belt to win. On May 15, 2007 Jeremy Borash unveiled the TNA World Heavyweight Championship belt on that day's edition of TNA's online podcast "TNA Today".
Championship tournament.
The five participants for the King of the Mountain match were determined in a series of standard wrestling matches that took place on "Impact!" leading up to the event; a small single-elimination tournament. Angle defeated Rhino in the first bout to gain entry on the May 17 episode of "Impact!". On May 24 episode of "Impact!", Samoa Joe defeated Sting to become the second participant. The third qualification match was held on the May 31 episode of "Impact!" between AJ Styles and Tomko, which Styles won. The next bout pitted Chris Harris against James Storm on the June 7 episode "Impact!", which ended in a double disqualification; neither man advanced to the King of the Mountain match. The final qualification match was won by Christian Cage over Abyss on the June 14 episode of "Impact!". Angle ended up winning the King of the Mountain match at Slammiversary over Joe, Cage, Styles, and Harris, who was a mystery participant chosen by Cornette, to become the "undisputed TNA World Heavyweight Champion".
Belt design.
During the championship's history, it has had three designs. The original belt, unveiled in May 2007, had on its center plate an imprint of an eagle with its wings extended. The word "World" was placed above the eagle's head on a ribbon. The ribbon was wrapped around the bird's wings and body. Five stars were engraved on the ribbon when it passed over each of the bird's wings and the word "Champion" as it passed over the bird's talons. The words "Heavyweight Wrestling" were printed across the bird's chest. At the top of the center plate, was TNA's logo. Four smaller side plates had an imprint of a globe centered with TNA's logo at the top and bottom of each. At each end of the belt was a small plate that covered the belt snaps with TNA's logo engraved on each.
At the November 8, 2010, tapings of the November 11 edition of "Impact!", TNA introduced a new design for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship belt, which the champion Jeff Hardy dubbed the "Immortal Championship". The new design consisted of a purple strap with a silver center plate depicting a masked head (designed to resemble Hardy's face with face paint), the TNA logo on the forehead and blue lines along the mask. There are four irregular dodecagonal side plates on the belt, shaped like stars with rounded edges on two of the sides of these plates. 
The Immortal belt was replaced by the third design of the belt at the March 14, 2011, tapings of the March 17 edition of "Impact!", introduced by the reigning champion at the time, Sting. The new design features seven gold plates over a black leather strap. The largest plate is the center plate with faux diamonds aligned along its multiple rounded edges, similar to that of the Big Gold Belt. Over the center plate is a large TNA Wrestling logo and below it the words "Heavyweight Champion" are engraved in silver. On each side of the center plate is a group of three smaller plates, one with a TNA logo engraved while the other two feature separate corresponding halves of a globe, on either side of the TNA logo side plate.
Reigns.
The inaugural champion was Kurt Angle, who won the championship by defeating Christian Cage and Sting in a Three Way match on May 13, 2007 at TNA's Sacrifice event. At days, Bobby Roode's only reign is the longest in the title's history. Angle's first reign holds the record for shortest reign in the title's history at 1 day. Angle also holds record for most reigns with five.
Lashley is the current champion in his first reign. He defeated former champion Eric Young on the same day broadcast of "Impact Wrestling" on June 19, 2014 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="9636080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636080" title="Una noche con Sabrina Love">
Una noche con Sabrina Love

Una noche con Sabrina Love () is a 2000 Argentine, Spanish, Italian, French, and Dutch film, written and directed by Alejandro Agresti. The film is based on the Pedro Mairal novel.
The film was produced by Pablo Bossi, and co-produced by Thierry Forte, Sarah Halioua, and Massimo Vigliar.
The picture stars Cecilia Roth as Sabrina Love and Tomás Fonzi.
Plot.
The film tells of Daniel (Tomás Fonzi), a coming-of-age seventeen-year-old orphan growing up in a small town in rural Argentina.
Daniel feels trapped in his town. He has grown tired of living with his grandparents, and hates he his job. He does, however, enjoy sneaking into the local movie theatre to watch the latest film from porn star Sabrina Love (Cecilia Roth).
Daniel enters a contest where a lucky fellow will win a date with the sexy actress. The letter he sends earns him the grand prize. Daniel has to get to Buenos Aires for his big moment, but has no money.
Daniel is forced to hitchhike from one side of Argentina to the other, and has a number of interesting experiences along the way. He encounters a handful of unusual people: his brother (Fabian Vena), who hasn't yet accepted his parents' death; a free-thinking writer (Mario Paolucci); and a reporter (Julieta Cardinali) with love on her mind.
When he meets up with the confident older actress he has a lesson or two to learn about the ways of the world.
Distribution.
The film was first presented in Argentina on June 8, 2000.
Later the film was screened a few film festivals, including: the Miami Hispanic Film Festival, Miami, Florida; the Latin America Film Festival, Poland; and the Bergen International Film Festival, Norway; the Huelva Latin American Film Festival, Huelva, Spain; and the Lleida Latin-American Film Festival, Lleida, Spain.
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9636088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636088" title="Formosa TV">
Formosa TV

Formosa TV is a television station based in Taipei, Taiwan. Established on March 27, 1996, FTV began broadcasting on June 11, 1997. 
The station was wholly owned and operated by the Democratic Progressive Party. Due to this, its news programs are often of a Pan-Green perspective. Because of the location of its headquarters, which is in an area where Taiwanese Hokkien speakers are populous, it also earned the reputation for being the first station in Taiwan to use that tongue in a majority of its programs, especially on their prime time newscasts. 
On May 24, 2004, FTV was among the first free-to-air channels on Taiwan to switch from terrestrial analogue signal to digital television.
Broadcasting hours on Formosa TV is 24 hours except Monday 21 hours

</doc>
<doc id="9636110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636110" title="Mercoal, Alberta">
Mercoal, Alberta

Mercoal, a former coal mining town, is located in the Yellowhead County of western Alberta, Canada. It was one of several communities along the historic Coal Branch segment of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway (now part of the Canadian National Railway), which included Embarras, Robb, Coalspur, Coal Valley, Cadomin, Luscar, and Mountain Park. At its peak in the late 1940s and early 1950s the town had over 800 residents. Mercoal declined after the mines closed in 1959, and it is now essentially a ghost town with only a small number of summer residences remaining. It is situated on Highway 40, 70 km southwest of Edson, 8 km (5 mi) west of Coalspur.
History.
Mercoal's name was an acronym for the McLeod River Hard Coal Company, co-owned by Nick Gurvich, who opened an underground coal mine in 1920. In 1924 the mine was sold to Saunders Ridge Coal Company, Ltd. The Mercoal mine was the last major operator in the Coal Branch area, and it attracted workers from other Coal Branch towns after the closure of the mines at Mountain Park in 1950 and Cadomin in 1952. The Mercoal mine finally closed on July 17, 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="9636122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636122" title="Kathleen Fraser">
Kathleen Fraser

Kathleen Fraser (born 1935) is a contemporary poet.
Early years.
Fraser was born in 1935 and grew up in Oklahoma, Colorado, and California.
Her works.
Among books of poetry, Kathleen Fraser's published works include "What I Want" (1974), "Magritte Series" (1977), "New Shoes" (1978), "Each Next", "narratives" (1980), "Something" (even human voices) "in the foreground, a lake" (1984), "Notes Preceding Trust" (1987), "When New Time Folds Up" (1993), "WING" (1995), "il cuore : the heart - New & Selected Poems (1970-1995)" (1997), "Discreet Categories Forced Into Coupling" (2004), and "Movable Tyype" (2011).
During her teaching career at San Francisco State University from 1972 to 1992, she directed "The Poetry Center" and founded "The American Poetry Archives"; she also wrote and narrated the one-hour video "Women Working in Literature".
Fraser was co-founder and co-editor, with Beverly Dahlen and Frances Jaffer, later joined by Susan Gevirtz, of the feminist poetics newsletter "(HOW)ever". From 1983-1991, Fraser published and edited "HOW(ever)" as "a journal focused on innovative writing by contemporary women and neglected texts by American modernist women writers".

</doc>
<doc id="9636125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636125" title="Raymond McCartney">
Raymond McCartney

Raymond McCartney (born 29 November 1954) is a Sinn Féin politician, and a former hunger striker and volunteer within the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).
He was born in Derry, Northern Ireland.
IRA membership.
McCartney took part in the civil rights march in Derry on 30 January 1972, an event widely known as Bloody Sunday. His cousin, Jim Wray, was shot and killed by the 1st Battalion of the British Parachute Regiment, and as a result of this McCartney joined the IRA several months later. On 12 January 1979 at Belfast Crown Court McCartney and another man, Eamonn MacDermott, were convicted of the murder of Detective Constable Patrick McNulty, who was shot several times outside a garage in Derry on 27 January 1977. McCartney was also convicted of IRA membership and the murder of Jeffrey Agate in February 1977, and was sentenced to life imprisonment. As noted below these convictions were overturned in 2007.
Imprisonment.
McCartney was involved in the blanket and dirty protests, then took part in the 1980 hunger strike, along with fellow IRA members Brendan Hughes, Tommy McKearney, Tom McFeely, Sean McKenna, Leo Green, and Irish National Liberation Army member John Nixon. McCartney spent 53 days on hunger strike, from 27 October to 18 December. From 1989 to 1991 he was Officer Commanding of the IRA prisoners in the H Blocks, and was released in 1994.
Freedom and reversal of convictions.
Since his release he has been active with ex-prisoners' groups Tar Abhaile and Coiste na n-Íarchimí, and was the first member of Sinn Féin to have their own voice heard on television after the lifting of the broadcasting ban in 1994. McCartney was arrested on 4 April 2002 following a breach of security at Belfast's police headquarters, but released without charge the next day. Later that year on 5 September McCartney was the first former IRA member to appear before the Bloody Sunday Inquiry, and encouraged anyone, including paramilitaries, with information to come forward. McCartney has been the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Foyle since 15 July 2004, when he replaced Mary Nelis. 
On 15 February 2007 McCartney and MacDermott had their murder convictions quashed by the Court of Appeal, following an investigation by the Criminal Cases Review Commission in 2002. Notwithstanding the normal expectation of compensation for a wrongful conviction and wrongful imprisonment, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland declined to compensate McCartney and McDermott on the grounds that they had not proven themselves innocent. The decision was appealed to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom which in May 2011 found in favour of the applicants, opening the way for a substantial compensation claim from both for their prison terms of 15 and 17 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9636143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636143" title="Ralph Fults">
Ralph Fults

Ralph Fults (January 23, 1911 – March 16, 1993) was a Depression-era outlaw and escape artist associated with Raymond Hamilton, Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow of the Barrow Gang.
Early life.
Born to a U.S. postal worker in Anna, Texas, he was arrested in Aspermont, Texas after police found him carrying a suitcase full of stolen goods. The 14-year-old Fults escaped from the town's jail a week later after making a key from an old tobacco can. With the town sheriff attending the county fair, Fults was able to start a mass jailbreak, letting the remaining inmates out of jail. However, Fults was soon recaptured and sentenced to the Gatesville State School, which he escaped from on April 16, 1927.
Two years later, Fults was arrested and convicted of burglary after selling stolen cigarettes to a grocer in Greenville, Texas. Given a two-year prison sentence, Fults arrived in Huntsville Prison on June 16. He was eventually transferred to Eastham prison farm, from which he escaped with two other inmates on April 8, 1930. Recaptured five months later while burglarizing a hardware store in St. Louis, he was sent back to Texas, where he received a parole on August 16, 1931.
Fults with Hamilton, Bonnie & Clyde.
During his time in prison, he had become acquainted with many criminals and outlaws of the "public enemy era" and helped smuggle hacksaw blades to bank robber Ray Hamilton to escape from jail in McKinney, Texas on January 27, 1932.
He later joined up with Hamilton on March 22 and, along with Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow, attempted to rob a hardware store in Kaufman, Texas. However, after the night watchmen sounded the alarm, the four fled in a stolen car until Barrow drove into a mud hole, which bogged the car down. Although Barrow and Hamilton were able to escape on foot, Fults and Parker were arrested by arriving police.
Fults was sentenced to ten years imprisonment on May 11, 1932 although he was later granted a pardon by Governor Miriam A. Ferguson shortly before leaving office on January 10, 1935.
Reuniting with Hamilton.
Rejoining Hamilton less than a month later, the two stole eight Thompson submachine guns from a National Guard armory in Beaumont, Texas. After stealing a car in Tulsa, Oklahoma on February 24, he and Hamilton headed for Texas after managing to evade a police ambush while passing through McKinney.
On March 19, the two gave an interview to a Houston journalist detailing inhumane treatment in the Texas penal system. That same afternoon, he and Hamilton robbed a grocery store in San Antonio. Three days later, while driving towards Mississippi, the two stopped at the Louisiana site where Bonnie and Clyde had been killed the previous year. Stealing a car in Hattiesburg, Mississippi on March 27, he and Hamilton robbed a bank at Prentiss, Mississippi the following day.
After this latest robbery, the two separated, with Fults boarding a train to Louisville, Kentucky and Hamilton returning to Texas. However, after his arrival in Springfield, Illinois on April 5, Fults had learned of Hamilton's arrest at Fort Worth that same day and immediately took the first bus bound for Texas. Fults reached Fort Worth on April 8 and, although perhaps planning to save his old partner from the electric chair, he instead drove to his mother's home in McKinney. Stealing a car from Renner, Texas on April 12, he and an unidentified accomplice stole $900 from an oil refinery in Graham, Texas.
Later years.
Captured by police in Denton County, Texas on April 17, his latest crime spree came to an end and he was returned to Huntsville prison until his extradition to Mississippi to face bank robbery charges. Convicted in September 1935, he was sentenced to fifty years imprisonment at the Parchman prison farm. Although he was put in solitary confinement for leading a prison strike, he was pardoned in 1944 and thereafter assumed a legitimate profession as a security guard at an orphanage. He ran the huge laundry facility, at Buckner Baptist Children's Home, located at 5200 S. Buckner Blvd., in Dallas Texas. He converted to Christianity and spoke to the children about the evils of a life of crime.
In 1960 Ralph Fults helped create a local television program called "Confession". On this program, in a panel format, Fults and representatives of the Texas State Board of Pardons and Paroles and of the state prison system discussed with former inmates, businesspeople, and attorneys the unique needs of former prisoners and the importance of offering them jobs. Through the efforts of Norman Vincent Peale the program was nationally syndicated. He died in Dallas, Texas on March 16, 1993 at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="9636145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636145" title="Gregory Paul Martin">
Gregory Paul Martin

Gregory Paul Martin (born 21 January 1957) is a British writer/producer and actor of stage, film and television. He is the eldest son of Beatles producer Sir George Martin and the half-brother of the music producer Giles Martin.
Early life.
The son of George Martin and his first wife Sheena Chisholm Martin, Gregory Martin attended Britain's St Albans School and trained as an actor at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, studying alongside Juliet Stevenson and Alan Rickman.
Career.
Theatre.
Martin's acting roles in the British theater include the world premiere of "Bent" (1979), at The Royal Court in London with Sir Ian McKellen, a season at the Bristol Old Vic, and seasons at London's Old Vic and Young Vic theaters.
His American theater credits include the title roles in "Hamlet" and "Peer Gynt" at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, as well as the American premier of Harold Pinter's "Other Places", at The Manhattan Theater Club in New York City.
Television.
Martin appeared opposite Faye Dunaway, Liam Neeson, and Richard Burton in the 1984 CBS mini-series "Ellis Island". He made appearances in a number of television series of the 1980s-1990s, including Murder, She Wrote, Sliders, Babylon 5, and Mad About You.
Film.
Martin appeared in the movie "Memoirs of an Invisible Man" (1992), alongside Chevy Chase and Daryl Hannah, and "A Walk in the Clouds", opposite Keanu Reeves and Anthony Quinn.
Writing.
In recent years, Martin has focussed on script writing. His personal website says he sold a script for a movie called ""Tsunami"", optioned as an ABC miniseries, and a script for a movie called ""Ice"" as a sci-fi action thriller set in Antarctica.
In 1998 Martin returned for a brief period to England and started a film and television production company, according to his website. After receiving poor treatment from the British tabloid press, he left England again, determined not to return. In 2000, he published a satirical memoir, "Dirty Rotten Scoundrel", which was based in part on his treatment in the tabloids. In describing this work, Martin says:
A "Guardian" review of the book, which apparently did take it straight rather than as satire, says his reputation in the UK was badly damaged with a failed engagement to a socialite in 1999 that became tabloid fodder. "The Guardian" says of his book:
After returning to the US, Martin resumed script writing and also got involved in advertising and brand marketing, according to his website.
Other enterprises.
Since the late 1980s, Martin has operated a successful business as an astrologer. In 1998, while in England, he launched an organic food line, according to his website, but closed it down upon his return to California. He continues to cast horoscope charts for celebrity clients as well as for members of the public via his Astroaria web site.
Personal life and family.
After his move to Hollywood during the 1980s, Martin married, and he and his wife had a son, Connor. The marriage ended in divorce. He is currently married to Cherie Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="9636163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636163" title="Vuelta (album)">
Vuelta (album)

Vuelta is the sixth album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. The album's eighth track, "So says the Whipporwill," is a tribute to the late folk artist Dave Carter.
Track listing.
All songs written by Richard Shindell except where indicated.
Tour.
Shindell promoted "Veulta" with a 2004 national U.S. tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9636172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636172" title="Chae Hom District">
Chae Hom District

Chae Hom (; ) is a district ("amphoe") of Lampang Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Wang Nuea, Ngao, Mae Mo, Mueang Lampang and Mueang Pan of Lampang Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 7 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 58 villages ("muban"). Chae Hom is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Chae Hom. There are further 7 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9636181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636181" title="Scramble style">
Scramble style

In ice hockey, the scramble style is a style that evolved from the play of Czech netminder Dominik Hašek, where a variety of non-traditional movements were used to make saves. This included falling down supine in the crease, which led to the moniker "scramble style". Scramble style relies more on agility and flexibility than positioning.
It is also known as "snow angeling" and has been referred to as a "unorthodox" style of goaltending.

</doc>
<doc id="9636220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636220" title="Agriculture in North Korea">
Agriculture in North Korea

Farming in North Korea is concentrated in the flatlands of the four west coast provinces, where a longer growing season, level land, adequate rainfall, and good irrigated soil permit the most intensive cultivation of crops. A narrow strip of similarly fertile land runs through the eastern seaboard Hamgyŏng provinces and Kangwŏn Province. 
The interior provinces of Chagang and Ryanggang are too mountainous, cold, and dry to allow much farming. The mountains, contain the bulk of North Korea's forest reserves while the foothills within and between the major agricultural regions provide lands for livestock grazing and fruit tree cultivation.
Major crops include rice and potatoes.
Farming conditions.
North Korea's sparse agricultural resources limit agricultural production. Climate, terrain, and soil conditions are not particularly favorable for farming, with a relatively short cropping season. Only about 17% of the total landmass, or approximately , is arable, of which is well suited for cereal cultivation; the major portion of the country is rugged mountain terrain. 
The weather varies markedly according to elevation, and lack of precipitation, along with infertile soil, makes land at elevations higher than 400 meters unsuitable for purposes other than grazing. Precipitation is geographically and seasonally irregular, and in most parts of the country as much as half the annual rainfall occurs in the three summer months. This pattern favors the cultivation of paddy rice in warmer regions that are outfitted with irrigation and flood control networks. Rice yields are 5.3 tonnes per hectare, close to international norms.
Agricultural products.
Rice.
Rice is North Korea's primary farm product.
Potatoes.
Potatoes have become an important food source in North Korea. After the 1990s famine, a "potato revolution" has taken place. Over ten years, the area of potato cultivation in North Korea has quadrupled to 200,000 ha and per capita consumption has increased from per year. 
The potato was considered a second grade food item, but has become the main staple in rural areas, replacing rice.
Food Distribution System.
Since the 1950s, a majority of North Koreans have received their food through the public distribution system (PDS). The PDS requires farmers in agricultural regions to hand over a portion of their production to the government and then reallocates the surplus to urban regions, which cannot grow their own foods. About 70% of the North Korean population, including the entire urban population, receives food through this government-run system.
Before the floods, recipients were generally allotted 600-700 grams per day while high officials, military men, heavy laborers, and public security personnel were allotted slightly larger portions of 700-800 grams per day. As of 2013, the target average distribution was 573 grams of cereal equivalent per person per day, but varied according to age, occupation, and whether rations are received elsewhere (such as school meals).
Decreases in production affected the quantity of food available through the public distribution system. Shortages were compounded when the North Korean government imposed further restrictions on collective farmers. When farmers, who had never been covered by the PDS, were mandated by the government to reduce their own food allotments from 167 kilograms to 107 kilograms of grain per person each year, they responded by withholding portions of the required amount of grain. Famine refugees reported that the government decreased PDS rations to 150 grams in 1994 and to as low as 30 grams by 1997. 
The PDS failed to provide any food from April to August 1998 (the “lean” season) as well as from March to June 1999. In January 1998, the North Korean government publicly announced that the PDS would no longer distribute rations and that families needed to somehow procure their own food supplies. By 2005 the PDS was only supplying households with approximately one half of an absolute minimum caloric need. By 2008 the system had significantly recovered, and from 2009 to 2013 daily per person rations averaged at 400 grams per day for much of the year, though in 2011 it dropped to 200 grams per day from May to September.
It is estimated that in the early 2000s, the average North Korean family drew some 80% of its income from small businesses that were technically illegal (though unenforced) in North Korea. In 2002, and in 2010, private markets were progressively legalized. As of 2013, urban and farmer markets were held every 10 days, and most urban residents lived within 2 km of a market, with markets having an increasing role in obtaining food.
Agricultural policy.
Since self-sufficiency remains an important pillar of North Korean ideology, self-sufficiency in food production is deemed a worthy goal. Another aim of government policies—to reduce the "gap" between urban and rural living standards—requires continued investment in the agricultural sector. Finally, as in most countries, changes in the supply or prices of foodstuffs probably are the most conspicuous and sensitive economic concerns for the average citizen. The stability of the country depends on steady, if not rapid, increases in the availability of food items at reasonable prices. In the early 1990s, there was a severe food shortages.
The most far-reaching statement on agricultural policy is embodied in Kim Il Sung's 1964 "Theses on the Socialist Agrarian Question in Our Country," which underscores the government's concern for agricultural development. Kim emphasized technological and educational progress in the countryside as well as collective forms of ownership and management. 
Agricultural history.
As industrialization progressed, the share of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries in the total national output declined from 63.5% and 31.4%, respectively, in 1945 and 1946, to a low of 26.8% in 1990. Their share in the labor force also declined from 57.6% in 1960 to 34.4% in 1989.
In the 1990s decreasing ability to carry out mechanized operations (including the pumping of water for irrigation), as well as lack of chemical inputs, was clearly contributing to reduced yields and increased harvesting and post-harvest losses.
Incremental improvements in agricultural production have been made since the late 1990s, bringing North Korea close to self-sufficiency in staple foods by 2013. In particular rice yields have steadily improved, though yields on other crops have generally not improved. The production of protein foods remains inadequate. Access to chemical fertilizer has declined, but the use of compost and other organic fertilizer has been encouraged.
Crisis and famine (1994-1998).
From 1994 to 1998 North Korean suffered a famine. Since 1998 there has been a gradual recovery in agriculture production, which by 2013 brought North Korea back close to self-sufficiency in staple foods. However, as of 2013, most households have borderline or poor food consumption, and consumption of protein remains inadequate.
In the 1990s the North Korean economy saw stagnation turning into crisis. Economic assistance received from the USSR and China was an important factor of its economic growth. In 1991 USSR collapsed, withdrew its support and demanded payment in hard currency for imports. China stepped in to provide some assistance and supplied food and oil, most of it reportedly at concessionary prices. But in 1994 China reduced its exports to North Korea. The rigidity in the political and economic systems of North Korea left the country ill-prepared for a changing world. The North Korean economy was undermined and its industrial output began to decline in 1990. 
Deprived of industrial inputs, including fertilizers, pesticides, and electricity for irrigation, agricultural output also started to decrease even before North Korea had a series of natural disasters in the mid-1990s. This evolution, combined with a series of natural disasters including record floods in 1995, caused one of the worst economic crises in North Korea's history. Other causes of this crisis were high defense spending (about 25% of GDP) and bad governance. It is estimated that between 1992 and 1998 North Korea's economy contracted by 50% and several hundred thousand (possibly up to 3 million) people died of starvation.
North Korea announced in December 1993 a 3-year transitional economic policy placing primary emphasis on agriculture, light industry, and foreign trade. A lack of fertilizer, natural disasters, and poor storage and transportation practices have left the country more than a million tons per year short of grain self-sufficiency. Moreover, lack of foreign exchange to purchase spare parts and oil for electricity generation left many factories idle.
The 1990s famine paralyzed many of the Marxist-Leninist economic institutions. The government pursued Kim Jong Il's "Songun" policy, under which the military is deployed to direct production and infrastructure projects. As a consequence of the government's policy of establishing economic self-sufficiency, the North Korean economy has become increasingly isolated from that of the rest of the world, and its industrial development and structure do not reflect its international competitiveness. Domestic firms are shielded from international as well as domestic competition; the result is chronic inefficiency, poor quality, limited product diversity, and underutilization of plants. This protectionism also limits the size of the market for North Korean producers, which prevents taking advantage of economies of scale.
Food shortages.
The food shortage was caused as a direct result of the massive flooding and a mix of political failure and poor amounts of arable land in the country.
In 2004, more than half (57%) of the population had not enough food for them to stay healthy. 37% of the children had their growth stunted and 1/3 of mothers severely lacked nutrition.
In 2006, the World Food Program (WFP) and FAO estimated a requirement of 5.3 to 6.5 million tons of grain when domestic production fulfilled only 3.825 million tons. The country also faces land degradation after forests stripped for agriculture resulted in soil erosion. Harsh weather conditions that dented the agricultural output (wheat and barley production dropped 50% and 80% respectively in 2011) and rising global food prices stressed greater food shortage, putting 6 million North Koreans at risk.

</doc>
<doc id="9636232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636232" title="2007 Singapore Super Series">
2007 Singapore Super Series

The 2007 Singapore Super Series was the fifth tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton. It was held in Singapore, from May 1 to May 6, 2007.
This was also the first tournament that offered valuable ranking points for the qualification to the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="9636234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636234" title="Hawksbill Creek Agreement">
Hawksbill Creek Agreement

The Hawksbill Creek Agreement was an agreement signed in 1955 between the government of the Bahamas and Wallace Groves to establish a city and free trade zone on Grand Bahama Island with an aim of spurring economic development in the area.
Groves was granted 50,000 acres (200 km²) of land with an option of adding an additional 50,000 acres (200 km²). The Grand Bahama Port Authority was created to develop and administer the land and thus the city of Freeport was planned and built from scratch. To encourage investment, the agreement allowed the port authority not to pay taxes on income, capital gains, real estate, and private property until 1985—a provision that has since been extended an additional 49 years, to 2054.

</doc>
<doc id="9636259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636259" title="Bamako (film)">
Bamako (film)

Bamako is a 2006 film directed by Abderrahmane Sissako, first released at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival on 21 May and in Manhattan by New Yorker Films on 14 February 2007.
The film depicts a trial taking place in Bamako, the capital of Mali, amid the daily life that is going on in the city. In the midst of that trial, two sides argue whether the World Bank and International Monetary Fund which are guided by special interest of developed nations and the legacy of Colonization and issues that came from colonization as well as the numerous post colonial hang ups, or perhaps it's corruption and the individual nations' mismanagement, that's guilty of the current financial state of many poverty-stricken African countries as well as the rest of the poor undeveloped world.
Danny Glover, one of the film's executive producers, also guest-stars as an actor in a Western film (called "Death in Timbuktu") that some children are watching on the television in one scene.
Accolades.
Actress Aïssa Maïga was nominated for the "César Award" for Most Promising Actress in 2007.
"Bamako" was the recipient of the first Film Award of the Council of Europe (FACE) given at the "Istanbul International Film Festival" in April 2007.
Bamako won the award for Best French-Language Film/Meilleur Film Francophone at the "Prix Lumière"
Bamako was also the winner of the Audience Award at the "Paris Cinema" in 2006.
Salon critic Andrew O'Hehir selected the film when asked to present one film within the "Maryland Film Festival" in 2008.
Reception.
The film was received a Metacritic score of 81 out of 100 which meant the film was met with critical acclaim. The film has a score of 85% with a certified "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 54 reviews with the consensus being it is "A courtroom drama and a portrait of everyday Mali life, Bamako approaches both subjects with equal skill and success. The film received much praise for its direction by director Abderrahmane Sissako.
"Entertainment Weekly" gave Bamako an A, calling it "a passionate, challenging drama from the fine Mauritanian writer-director Abderrahmane Sissako" and that it brings "moments of brimming, illogical, intimate neighborly dailiness the filmmaker also captures with warmth and infectious high spirits".
A. O. Scott from "The New York Times" gave the film an overwhelmingly positive review saying that "he has never seen a film quite like "Bamako" and praising the director "Abderrahmane Sissako" vision as a "seething, complicated and a disarmingly beautiful investigation of Africa’s social, economic and human crises" and going on to describe the film as "something different, a work of cool intelligence and profound anger, a long, dense, argument that is also a haunting visual poem".
Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" in his review gave the film 3 1/2 stars out of 4 and said "Sissako has an unusual camera eye, patient and alert to the ebb and flow of both the courtroom sequences and the outside scenes. The music is wonderful as well.
Wesley Morris from the "Boston Globe" in his extremely and overwhelmingly positive review said "As demonstrated in his previous film, a plangent snapshot of subsistence called "Waiting for Happiness," Sissako is a poet, and the filmmaking in this new picture is stuff of a deserving laureate."
The "Empire" review gave the film 4 out of 5 stars and spoke that the film is "Far from an easy watch, either in terms of its hard-hitting content, seemingly haphazard structuring or its dense symbolism. But this makes sense of the political intricacies by balancing the rhetoric and statistics with everyday occurrences that give the iniquities and inadequacies a human face."
The review in "The Washington Post" said "No one can deny the powerful reality that weaves its way through Bamako."

</doc>
<doc id="9636313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636313" title="Richard Sedlon">
Richard Sedlon

Richard Sedlon (1900–1992) was an American painter from Bedford, Ohio.
Life.
Richard Sedlon was born on August 26, 1900, in the Bohemian section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The second son of Vincent and Hortense Sedlon, Sedlon found his artistic calling early in life and by eighteen was already a journeyman lithographer with Morgan Lithography in Cleveland.
Sedlon was also a professional artist who dabbled in carvings, oil paintings and sketches. He lived in Bedford, Ohio, with his wife Anne.

</doc>
<doc id="9636333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636333" title="Britta">
Britta

Britta (also spelled Brita) is a female given name that is a variant of the Swedish name Birgitta, which is a form of the Irish Gaelic name "Brighid" (Bridget in English). The name Britta became popular in Scandinavia and Germany because of St. Bridget of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="9636344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636344" title="727 Naval Air Squadron">
727 Naval Air Squadron

727 Naval Air Squadron is a squadron of the Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm. It was formed in 1943 as a Fleet Requirements Unit, being disbanded in December 1944. It was reformed twice in the 1940s and 1950s to provide flying experience for naval officers. The current squadron was created on 6 Dec 2001 from the Royal Naval Flying Training Flight. It operates the Grob Tutor and provides grading and acquaint flights for Royal Navy and Royal Marine pilots under training, as well as supporting the Royal Navy's "Flying Start" flying scholarship scheme.
History of 727 NAS.
Fleet Requirements Unit (1943 - 1944).
727 Naval Air Squadron was formed on 26 May 1943 at Gibraltar as a Fleet Requirements Unit covering the area from Bizerta to Algiers. The squadron was equipped with target-towing Boulton Paul Defiants, Fairey Swordfish and Hawker Hurricane IIc. The squadron was disbanded on 7 December 1944.
Air Experience Unit (1946 - 1960).
After World War II it was decided to provide air acquaint courses for junior Royal Navy and Royal Marines officers who were not aviation specialists. 727 NAS was reformed on 23 April 1946 at RNAS Lee-on-Solent with gliders, Tiger Moths, Supermarine Seafires, North American Harvards and a Fairey Firefly. Disbanded on 17 January 1950, the squadron was reformed on 4 January 1956 as the Dartmouth Cadet Air Training Squadron. Now operating from RNAS Brawdy, Pembrokeshire, the squadron flew Boulton Paul Sea Balliols, De Havilland Sea Vampire T22s and a Percival Sea Prince T.1. Two Westland Dragonfly helicopters were provided in September 1958, but the squadron was disbanded on 16 December 1960.
Commissioning the RNFTF as 727 NAS (2001 - present).
On 6 December 2001 the Royal Naval Flying Training Flight was commissioned as 727 Naval Air Squadron, at Plymouth City Airport, initially with the De Havilland Chipmunk and later with the Grob Tutor, and in January 2007 the squadron relocated to RNAS Yeovilton.
Current role.
Serving officers are assessed for their suitability to continue flight training during a three-week stay with the squadron. During those weeks, he or she will fly eleven hours with an instructor before flying a pre-FHT with a different instructor and then a Final Handling Test with the commanding officer.
The squadron also undertakes many other roles, one of which is the Special Flying Award. This scheme is open to any member of the public who has expressed an interest in joining the Fleet Air Arm as aircrew and have been put forward by their Careers Office. The course lasts for two weeks with the aim of 10 hours in the cockpit. There are also a number of Special Flying Awards organised for members of the URNU and the CCF.
The squadron currently has just two full-time Naval personnel; the commanding officer and the training officer. Babcock employs five civilian flying instructors under their contract to teach the students. The squadron is also supported by a number of ex-service QFIs from the RNR to instruct and two holdover student pilots who are between flying training courses bound for general duties. 
Maintenance of the Grob fleet is provided by a Babcock senior licensed engineer with three engineering support staff. An aircraft handler provides aircraft handling, refuelling and assistance to aircrew. 
The squadron moved from Plymouth Airport to RNAS Yeovilton in early 2007, following the departure of the last Sea Harrier squadron from RNAS Yeovilton in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9636361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636361" title="Wilfried Balima">
Wilfried Balima

Wilfried Bendjamin Balima (born 20 March 1985) is a Burkinabé international footballer playing for Moldovan National Division club Sheriff Tiraspol as a right defender.
International career.
The midfielder has played for the Burkina Faso under-21 team and is current member of the senior national team from Burkina Faso.

</doc>
<doc id="9636368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636368" title="Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet">
Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet

Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet (also known as SST7) is a jazz ensemble formed in Seattle, Washington in 2002.
Music.
Although uniquely merging jazz and funk, the music of Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet can also include "New Orleans flavors", solid grooves, swing and hip-hop combined into something both appealing and undefinable. Their music has been self-described by Skerik as "...punk-jazz. Maybe a punk-jazz version of the Thelonious Monk Octet." 
A theme in the music is a recognition that traditional jazz having reached a zenith in the early 1960s cannot be contained in reverence. The Syncopated Taint Septet is a synthesis of traditional music with current and experimental music forms. The project displays a band member equality with "leads being shared by everyone."
History.
Their first album "Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet" recorded live at the Owl and Thistle in Seattle and was released in 2003. It was reviewed as occasionally loud, yet also having a "spirited immediate musicianship." Although popularly associated with jam band music an improvisational distinction can be made regarding the large musical vocabulary displayed by the band in the recording.
The second album "Husky" was released in 2006. It was recorded in the studio by S. Husky Höskulds all in one day and often in one take. The album was reviewed for its strengths in "ensemble writing and musical structure." The five-horn arrangements are written mostly by Hans Teuber and Steve Moore. On the album there are suggestions of Thelonious Monk in its solos and Ornette Coleman in its melodies, yet there is also a hip-hop rhythmic sensibility. "Husky" has been reviewed as the best jazz album of 2006.
Members.
Skerik - tenor and baritone saxophone<br>
Dave Carter - trumpet<br>
Hans Teuber - alto saxophone and flute<br>
Steve Moore - trombone and Wurlitzer electric piano<br>
Craig Flory - baritone saxophone and clarinet<br>
Joe Doria - Hammond Organ<br>
John Wicks - drums

</doc>
<doc id="9636374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636374" title="Liber sine nomine">
Liber sine nomine

The ("The Book without a Name") is a collection of nineteen personal letters written in Latin by the fourteenth century Italian poet and Renaissance humanist Petrarch. The letters being harshly critical of the Avignon papacy, they were withheld from the larger collection of his "Epistolae familiares" ("Letters to Friends") and assembled in a separate book. In this fashion, Petrarch reasoned, a reader could throw away this collection, and the other letters to friends could be preserved for posterity.
Correspondents.
These letters were sent to his closest friends, which many times were well known figures to the public. So that he would not divulge their identities, he withheld these particular 19 letters and published this book "without a name" on any letter. Among these public figures were Philippe de Cabassoles, bishop of Cavaillon; Cola di Rienzo, a political leader; Francesco Nelli, secretary to the bishop Angelo Acciaioli I; Niccola di Capoccia, a cardinal; Lapo da Castiglionchio of Florence; Rinaldo Cavalchini, the son of the notary Oliviero; Stefano Colonna the Elder, the son of Giovanni Colonna who was one of the most important political figures in Rome; and Ildebrandino Conti, a bishop of Padua. In Letter 19, there was an appendix added addressed to the Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV as a final plea to move the papacy back to Rome.
Excerpt.
Petrarch here writes of the wheel of Lady Fortune,
Cultural references.
Several other works have used the title "Book without a name" including those by

</doc>
<doc id="9636382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636382" title="Susan Doran">
Susan Doran

Dr Susan Doran is a British historian whose primary studies surround the reign of Elizabeth I, in particular the theme of marriage and succession. She has published and edited sixteen books, notably "Elizabeth I and Religion, 1558-1603", "Monarchy and Matrimony" and "Queen Elizabeth I", the last part of the British Library's Historic Lives series.
Doran is a Director of Studies for history at Regent's Park College, Oxford and Senior Research Fellow for History at Jesus College, Oxford, where her specific area of interest is Early Modern British and European history. Previously, Doran was a Reader in history and Director of the History Programme at St Mary's College, Strawberry Hill, part of the University of Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="9636442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636442" title="Kazuhiro Wada">
Kazuhiro Wada

Playing for Tohoku Fukushi University, he was MVP of the Sendai Big Six University League as a senior and won the batting title. He hit .429 for Kobe Seiko in the industrial leagues, then in 1996 was drafted in the fourth round of the Japanese draft by the Seibu Lions. He hit .190 in 1997 when he first played for Seibu and was 0/1 in the 1997 Japan Series. In 1998, Wada hit .333 in 36 games for Seibu and split his time between catching and the outfield. He went 0/2 in the 1998 Japan Series. In 1999, he batted .271 while again seeing limited time behind the plate, with Tsutomu Ito starting.
In 1998, Wada began playing semiregularly as an outfielder, batting .306, the same average he recorded the next year. He still not yet an everyday player. In 2002, Wada finally became a starter and responded by batting .319 with 33 homers. Playing left field and DH, he made the Best Nine as the top designated hitter in the Pacific League. He finished third in slugging behind teammates Alex Cabrera and Kazuo Matsui. His Japan Series woes continued with a miserable 0/15 in the 2002 Japan Series, as Seibu got swept by the Yomiuri Giants.
Wada did even better in 2003, hitting .346 (.379 with runners in scoring position), homering 30 times, scoring 87 runs and driving in 89. He made his first All-Star team and was on the Best Nine as an outfielder alongside Yoshitomo Tani and Tuffy Rhodes. Wada finished third in the Pacific League in average (behind Michihiro Ogasawara and Tani) and slugging (behind Cabera and Ogasawara). He was fourth in OBP behind Ogasawara, Tadahito Iguchi and Nobuhiko Matsunaka. 
2004 was an eventful year for Wada. He hit .320 (.375 with RISP), homered 30 times and drove in 89 despite missing time for the 2004 Olympics. For the bronze medal-winning Japanese club in the Olympics, he hit .333 and slugged .636. Hitting cleanup or fifth for Seibu, he was honored again as an All-Star and Best Nine. In the 2004 Japan Series, he finally broke his postseason struggles in a big way by batting .310 with four homers in Seibu's victory over the Chunichi Dragons. Wada broke a 54-year-old record for most extra-base hits in a Japan Series with eight, breaking Isao Harimoto's record of 7 in the 1950 Japan Series. His 26 total bases were a Japan Series record, breaking Yasumitsu Toyoda's 46-year-old record of 25; he tied the record with four homers in a series and his two homers in game six helped Seibu to a 4-2 victory to tie the series at three. Takashi Ishii beat him out for Series MVP honors, though. 
Wada continued his dazzling pace in 2005, batting .322, though his 27 homers were his lowest total in four years. He made his fourth straight All-Star contingent. He edged Julio Zuleta (.319) and Matsunaka (.315) for the first Pacific League batting title won by a right-handed hitter since Hatsuhiko Tsuji in 1993. He was fourth in slugging, third in OBP, tied for third in runs (80), first in hits (153), second in doubles (32). 
Wada was on the winning Japanese club in the 2006 World Baseball Classic and went 0 of 2 with one strikeout in two games as the backup left fielder to Hitoshi Tamura. Wada hit .298 in 2006 and finished third in the PL with 95 RBI, second to Fernando Seguignol with 34 doubles, eighth with 144 hits, seventh with 239 total bases, tied for seventh with 72 runs, second with 78 walks (trailing only Matsunaka). He was fourth in OBP and eighth in slugging. His home run total continued to fall, down to 19, but still tied for seventh in the PL. 
He re-signed for Seibu for ¥275 million plus incentives.
Wada's hobbies are fishing, pachinko and mah jong.

</doc>
<doc id="9636455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636455" title="Logarithmic number system">
Logarithmic number system

A logarithmic number system (LNS) is an arithmetic system used for representing real numbers in computer and digital hardware, especially for digital signal processing.
Theory.
In LNS, a number, formula_1, is represented by the logarithm, formula_2, of its absolute value as follows:
where formula_4 is a bit denoting the sign of formula_1 (formula_6 if formula_7 and formula_8 if formula_9).
The number formula_2 is represented by a binary word which usually is in the two's complement format. LNS can be considered as a floating-point number with the significand being always equal to 1. This formulation simplifies the operations of multiplication, division, powers and roots, since they are reduced down to addition, subtraction, multiplication and division, respectively.
On the other hand, the operations of addition and subtraction are more complicated and they are calculated by the formula:
where formula_13 is the difference between the logarithms of the operands, the "sum" function is formula_14, and the "difference" function is formula_15. These functions formula_16 and formula_17, depicted in the figures to the right, are also known as Gaussian logarithms. The simplification of multiplication, division, roots, and powers is counterbalanced by the cost of evaluating these functions for addition and subtraction. This added cost of evaluation may not be critical when using LNS primarily for increasing the precision of floating-point math operations.
History.
Logarithmic number systems have been independently invented and published at least three times, as an alternative to fixed-point and floating-point number systems.
Kingsbury and Rayner introduced "logarithmic arithmetic" for digital signal processing in 1971.
A similar LNS was described in 1975 by Swartzlander and Alexopoulos; rather than use two's complement notation for the logarithms, they offset them (scale the numbers being represented) to avoid negative logs.
Lee and Edgar described a similar system, which they called the "focus" number system, in 1977.
The mathematical foundations for addition and subtraction in an LNS trace back to Carl Friedrich Gauss and Z. Leonelli.
Applications.
LNS has been used in the Gravity Pipe (GRAPE) special-purpose supercomputer that won the Gordon Bell Prize in 1999.
A substantial effort to explore the applicability of LNS as a viable alternative to floating point for general-purpose processing of single-precision real numbers is described in the context of the European Logarithmic Microprocessor (ELM). A fabricated prototype of the processor, which has a 32-bit cotransformation-based LNS arithmetic logic unit (ALU), demonstrated LNS as a "more accurate alternative to floating-point," with improved speed. Further improvement of the LNS design based on the ELM architecture has again shown its capability to offer significantly better in speed and more accurate than the floating-point.
LNS is sometimes used in FPGA-based applications where most arithmetic operations are multiplication or division.

</doc>
<doc id="9636456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636456" title="Alexander Shaw">
Alexander Shaw

Alexander Shaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9636464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636464" title="Carmelo D'Anzi">
Carmelo D'Anzi

Carmelo D'Anzi (born November 24, 1956) is an Italian-American football coach and former player.
Born in Messina, Italy, he began his career with the Papa Giovanni XXIII club in Providence. He played for Cruz Azul from 1981 to 1982. In 1983, he joined the Tulsa Roughnecks of the North American Soccer League where he won the league title. He was inducted into the New England Soccer Hall of Fame in November 2006.
On June 7, 2010, D'Anzi appointed Manager of Wick Football club in West Sussex, England.

</doc>
<doc id="9636465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636465" title="Salary calculator">
Salary calculator

A salary calculator is an online application that provides salary information to the user. The majority of websites offering salary information utilize a salary calculator function to present this data. The salary calculator will request a search term, city, and state or zip code as an input. Then, present a list of job titles that most closely match your search terms. Once the user selects one of these job titles, the application will present the salary information typically in the form of a graph.

</doc>
<doc id="9636501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636501" title="Crescendo pedal">
Crescendo pedal

A crescendo pedal is a large pedal commonly found on medium-sized and larger pipe organs (as well as digital organs), either partially or fully recessed within the organ console. The crescendo pedal incrementally activates stops as it is pressed forward and removes stops as it is depressed backward. The addition of stops, in order from quietest to loudest, creates the effect of a crescendo (and, likewise, a diminuendo, when the stops are retired). The crescendo pedal is located directly above the pedalboard, to the right of any expression pedals that may be present. In actual use, the operation of the crescendo pedal usually does not move the draw knobs or stop tabs on the console; the stops are electronically activated inside the organ. Often an indicator light or lights will be present on the console to inform the organist of when the crescendo pedal is activated and how far it is engaged.
The earliest type of automatic crescendo device was the "Rollschweller" (German for "roll-sweller") or "Walze" (German for "roller"), seen in large romantic organs of the nineteenth century, almost exclusively in Germany. It consists of a wheel and axle, which would be horizontally mounted directly above the pedalboard. When turned toward the organist, the wheel would activate a mechanism that would add stops to the registration. Likewise, turning the wheel back would remove stops. The Rollschweller is constructed so that it may be turned forward or backward indefinitely. This gives the device a much longer field of operation than the modern crescendo pedal, thus making the dynamic change more smooth and gradual. It is especially helpful and appropriate in the playing of the organ works of Max Reger, Franz Liszt, and Sigfrid Karg-Elert, who all wrote for organs that featured a Rollschweller.
As the use of electricity caught on in the twentieth century, organ builders began to apply it to their instruments, electrifying the key action and the stop action as well as the expression pedals. An electrically-operated crescendo pedal resembling an expression pedal was invented and mounted to the right of the expression pedals. The order in which the stops were activated by the crescendo pedal was set by the organ builder and could not be modified by the organist. This was the case until the later part of the twentieth century, when computerized devices were incorporated into console design, allowing greater customization of registration through more sophisticated combination actions. As a result, in organs with these devices, the stops controlled by the crescendo pedal are usually customizable, as is the order in which they are activated.
Reed organs and harmoniums of the late 19th and early 20th centuries often had a similar mechanism to a crescendo pedal. Since the player's feet were needed to pedal the bellows that provided the wind for the instrument, the mechanism was operated by a 'paddle' lever moved by one of the player's knees (the paddle being located under the keyboard). Usually this was called a 'full organ pedal', as it did not gradually engage ranks of stops in the manner of a true crescendo pedal, but simply engaged all the stops (and usually any octave couplers fitted to the instrument) when operated, with no progressive action.
Use of the crescendo pedal.
The crescendo pedal is typically used only in certain repertoire, and, generally speaking, the organ's expression pedal(s) are more commonly used. Because the crescendo pedal both resembles and is adjacent to the expression pedal(s), it may confuse beginning organists, such as pianists who are filling in at the church organ, who intend to use the expression pedal(s) rather than the crescendo pedal. To avoid this danger, the organist should look at the pedals before playing to ascertain if they are labeled, as well as practice locating the correct pedal by feel. When feeling for a pedal while playing, the organist should remember that the crescendo pedal is normally the right-most of the volume pedals, and that its surface is often raised slightly above the expression pedal(s) so as to help the organist to avoid selecting it by mistake.

</doc>
<doc id="9636520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636520" title="Small Faces (1966 album)">
Small Faces (1966 album)

Small Faces is the debut album of the Small Faces, released in 1966. It includes the hit singles "Whatcha Gonna Do About It" and "Sha-La-La-La-Lee". The album was well received by music critics and fans alike and rose to number three in the UK album chart remaining at the top for several weeks.
Album profile.
The album was recorded at the IBC Studios, Portland Place, London between June 1965 and February 1966. Glyn Johns was the studio engineer. In 1966, the Small Faces became the eleventh biggest selling artists of the year.
Jimmy Winston was asked to leave after the band's second single "I've Got Mine" released on 5 November 1965 failed to make the charts. He still appears on many tracks on this album, including joint writing contributions to "It's Too Late" and providing keyboards and vocals on various tracks. Winston's replacement Ian McLagan appears on the album cover and plays on various tracks as well.
Track listing.
Singles.
For more information on the single releases please see their respective pages.
Personnel.
Additional releases.
The Album was re-released on CD in 1997 by Deram Records. The new release included alternative versions of "Shake", "Come on Children", "What'cha Gonna Do About It", "Own Up Time" and "E Too D".
In 2006 a "40th anniversary edition" with 23 tracks was released by Decca. Included were the Singles A-Sides and Singles B-Sides from that period, "What's A Matter Baby", I've Got Mine", "Grow Your Own", "Hey Girl" and "Almost Grown". In 2012, a 2-disc Deluxe Edition was released featuring outtakes, non-album singles and alternate versions and mixes, and the remastering and overall reissue was overseen by surviving band members Ian McLagan and Kenney Jones
See also.
Small Faces discography

</doc>
<doc id="9636523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636523" title="Dave the Slave">
Dave the Slave

Dave the Slave (also "Dave the Potter" and "David Drake") (c.1801-c.1870s) was an influential American potter who lived in Edgefield, South Carolina and produced alkaline-glazed stoneware pottery from the 1820s to the 1860s. An enslaved African American, he often signed his works "Dave."
After emancipation, he adopted the surname "Drake." Historians believe this is after Harvey Drake, his master until 1832, who is presumed to have taught him to be a potter.

</doc>
<doc id="9636527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636527" title="Paul Barril">
Paul Barril

Paul Barril (13 April 1946 in Vinay, Isère) is a former officer of the French "Gendarmerie Nationale". He authored several books about his military career, touching sensitive political subjects of the Mitterrand era.
Barril was a gendarme until 1995. He was the second officer of the GIGN Special Forces unit for 10 years, before being involved in the creation of the Counterterrorist Cell of the Élysée during François Mitterrand's first mandate from 1981 to 1988. Since then, he has led several private security companies. He has been in the centre of controversies for his role in Africa, particularly in Rwanda during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994 during which extremist Hutus mass exterminated hundreds of thousands of ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus.
Military career.
Barril was second officer of the GIGN from 1974 to 1982, as aid to "commandant" Christian Prouteau. In late 1979, he was dispatched to Saudi Arabia to help the Saudi government quell the Grand Mosque Seizure, an uprising at Islam's holiest shrine in Mecca that was led by fundamentalist preached Juhayman al-Otaibi. Barril was commander of the GIGN by interim in 1982-1983, while commandant Prouteau was organising the GSPR, a presidential security unit. Barril claims to having "arrested 115 people, being involved in the surrender of 61 madmen, neutralised 17 armed people without using weapons, and freed over 450 hostages."
After a car bomb explosion near a restaurant in Rue Marbeuf in Paris on 22 April 1982, Barril and Prouteau were involved in the creation of the Counterterrorist Cell of the Elysée, along with Prouteau.
Barril was involved in several famous affairs, such as the so-called "Irish of Vincennes" and the Elysée wiretap scandal. Although rumors suggest Paul Barril has been convicted, his police record is clean and shows no signs of conviction.
Private security business.
After the "Irishmen from Vincennes" affair, in 1984, Barril created the company "Epsylon" in Paris.
He also leads a company called SECRETS (for ""Société d'Etudes de Conception et de Réalisation d'Equipements Techniques de Sécurité"", "Society for Study, Design and Implementation of Technical Security Equipment") [http://www.societe.com/cgi-bin/recherche?rncs=323209908&vu=1] which offers security interventions in foreign countries.
In 1988, Barril organised an "action group" around President Félix Houphouët-Boigny in Côte d'Ivoire.
Rwanda.
Barril was involved in Rwanda during the first half of the 90s. He went to Kigali right after the plane ferrying president Juvénal Habyarimana was shot down, as the genocide started. Barril stated that he acted as a councilor to President Habyarimana. He was contacted in 1989 for a reorganisation of the Rwandan intelligence services.
Barril has also been accused of playing a role in the assassination of President Juvénal Habyarimana which sparked the Rwandan genocide. According to the British MI6 Barril and other French agents supplied and trained radical Hutus who carried out the assassination.
Barril was also present in Kigali on the 7 and 27 April 1994. Rumour has it that after Juvénal Habyarimana was assassinated, his widow, Agathe Habyarimana, hired Barril, via SECRETS company, to investigate the case. Barril declared to journalists of "Le Monde" and "France 2" that he was in possession of the black boxes of the plane, and promoted the thesis that the FPR (Rwandan Patriotic Front), led by the Tutsi Paul Kagame, was involved in the attack.
At the same time, on 20 May 1994, Barril was hired by the Hutu temporary government to recover a 1 650 000 US$ payment made for canceled weapon imports.

</doc>
<doc id="9636537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636537" title="Channing School">
Channing School

Channing School is an independent day school for girls at Highgate Hill in Highgate, North London. Channing School is a member of the Girls' Schools Association. The junior school (Fairseat) is for pupils aged four to eleven and includes the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS).
The "Good Schools Guide" called the school "A sheltered, isolated school in a beautiful setting, less pressured than many London girls' schools but still getting excellent results and producing self-assured young women."
History.
Channing School, originally called Channing House, first opened in 1885 in Sutherland House under the Revd. Robert Spears and was endowed by the Misses Matilda and Emily Sharpe, the daughters of Samuel Sharpe, primarily for the daughters of Unitarian ministers, and named after William Ellery Channing. Robert Spears later became the first minister of Highgate Unitarian Church. There was assistance for six pupils by private benefactions. After a year, numbers had risen to about 90 pupils and by 1925 to about 125.
Ivy House, higher up the hill, was leased for dormitories and offices in 1885. In the same year the school also leased the semi-detached West View, immediately below Sutherland House and extended the frontage of both in 1887. In 1901 West View was bought, the other half of the semi-detached property, Slingley, was bought in 1921. The neighbouring building, Hampden House was acquired in 1925 and in 1930 the adjacent Arundel House; these two forming another pair of semi-detached houses. Fairseat, leased with two acres of land, was used from 1926. A hall was opened in 1927 and from 1931 the school became known simply as Channing School.
Channing was badly damaged by a parachute mine during World War II. Haigh House was built in 1954 to replace the damaged and bombed out buildings. In 1943 a Junior School opened at 12 Southwood Lane which was sold in 1955 when the junior school moved to Fairseat. There were 250 girls in 1950 and 390 in 1975.
Buildings.
The Junior School (also known as Fairseat) was the home of Sir Sydney Waterlow Bt, who donated the park next door to the public after he died. There is a statue of him on the highest point in the park (just behind Fairseat's Tennis Courts) which shows him holding a key which is said to be the key to the park which he is offering to the public. 
The Senior School has four buildings: Brunner House, Haigh House, the New Hall and Founders Hall. Founders Hall, once the Old Hall, was re-opened in February 2008 after renovations split the hall into two floors in order to extend the Sixth Form Centre. An upper floor was added to Brunner House in 2003, and constitutes staff offices and classrooms which double as the form rooms of year groups 7 to 9. Haigh House has the science department, music department, art department, ICT department, and changing rooms. The music department takes the place of the old dormitories, as the school was once a boarding school. In the New Hall, assembly and gym take place. It also has a new, fully equipped fitness suite built next to the New Hall, however there are current plans to knock down the New Hall and build a more modern sports hall and performing arts centre.
Grounds.
Fairseat's Grounds are extensive and beautiful. They are part of Sir Sydney Waterlow's park, and there is a Cedar tree which is over 100 years old, and is the sign of Fairseat. It also has a cottage ( It is called ' the Fairseat Cottage') and adventure playground and tennis courts.
The Senior School used to have a Rounders pitch, tennis courts, two ponds and a cricket pitch. It also owns a large expanse of grass down the road where summer sports are played and the Channing Fireworks succeeded. At the moment there is a lot of construction being done, for a new Performing Art's Centre and a new Founders Hall.
Pastoral Care.
When new students join in Year 7, they are paired with a Year 8 girl who is there for support and guidance during the first year. This develops a strong bond between the girls and the year groups.
Recently, the school has followed in the footsteps of Fairseat and introduced the "House" system. The girls are placed in one of four houses:
Throughout the academic year, the girls participate in numerous activities within these groups including Sports Competitions.
Students are encouraged to participate in an extensive range of extra-curricular activities. From Year 9, they are offered the opportunity to participate in the Duke of Edinburgh Award Scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="9636544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636544" title="Thy (name)">
Thy (name)

Thy is a common feminine Vietnamese given name meaning "poetry".

</doc>
<doc id="9636592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636592" title="Hala Khalaf">
Hala Khalaf

Hala Khalaf or Rambling Hal (born 1981) is a prominent Jordanian blogger as well as a freelance journalist whose writing focuses on how culture influences the daily lives of people living around the world. 
She maintains her popular weblog Rants and Rambles 
Born in Kuwait to a Palestinian father, Hala began her journalism career in Canada at the University of Waterloo where she worked as a reporter, photographer, proofreader and eventually forum editor of the campus newspaper "Imprint". She graduated in 2003 with a BA Honours degree in English & Rhetoric and Professional Writing. She has a Licentiate of the Royal Schools of Music (LRSM) diploma in Piano Performance from England, and a Teaching English for Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) certificate from Canada.
Upon graduation, Hala moved to Jordan where she worked as a freelance writer for various national Jordanian publications, including "The Star", a weekly newspaper, and the monthly Jo and Living Well. At "The Star", she had a weekly column entitled Street Rhythm, in which she commented on the cultural beat and daily life of people living in Jordan. 
While writing is her passion, Hala also dedicates her time to teaching children. In the summer of 2001, she travelled to Lebanon where she volunteered for 2½ months as an English teacher at Palestinian refugee camps. Furthermore, she teaches music to children in nursery schools and kindergartens in addition to giving piano lessons to young children.
In 2004, Hala was awarded the Novo Nordisk Media Prize for her article "The Truth About Diabetes" (Jo, March 2004). The award is given to the best article on diabetes and is evaluated by an independent international jury. This article was also a finalist for the Inquirer Award 2004.
After winning the prize, Hala embarked on the adventure of her life – a trip around the world to eight countries on four continents. The goal of this journey was to interview 13 children from different cultural and ethnic backgrounds, but all with one thing in common – they all have diabetes. The result was the photographic and narrative book "Young Voices: Life with Diabetes" [http://www.amazon.com/dp/0470015845].
Hala Khalaf has also worked for Aramex International in their communications department, and as an English Information and Press Secretary at the Office of Queen Rania Al-Abdullah of Jordan.
Today, Hala continues to work as a freelance journalist as well as an external consultant for Novo Nordisk A/S. She is a proud member of the youth panel set up by Novo Nordisk to raise awareness about diabetes worldwide. 
Khalaf lives with her parents and her two younger brothers in Jordan. Her father is a civil engineer and prominent businessman while her mother is a family practitioner and published medical writer. They live in a large flat in an upper middle class neighbourhood in the capital city, Amman. Her interests include reading, writing, playing the piano, travelling, photography, meeting people, and horseriding. Khalaf has also lived in Cyprus, Denmark, and Syria. She is part Syrian and a Jordanian national but she mainly sees herself as an Arab and a Muslim. She is proud of her Arab heritage, and appreciates the rich culture. Hala is a true believer in traditional Arab hospitality.

</doc>
<doc id="9636597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636597" title="Eastern Television">
Eastern Television

Eastern Television (ETTV, ) is a nationwide cable TV network in Taiwan that is operated by the Eastern Broadcasting Group, which also operates the online news site ETtoday. ETTV began channel syndications in the United States in 2003 under the name of ETTV America. As of 2007, Eastern Television has sister channels in South America (as ETTV South Central America) and the People's Republic of China (as ETTV China).
ETTV Channels.
Eastern Television operates several channels:

</doc>
<doc id="9636627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636627" title="Tara (Greece)">
Tara (Greece)

The Tara River of Arcadia, Greece has been identified by some classical scholars as the modern equivalent of the Tragus river.

</doc>
<doc id="9636634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636634" title="Waterford Unified School District">
Waterford Unified School District

The Waterford Unified School District is a K through 12 public school district in Stanislaus County, California, USA.(Waterford, 2006) As early as 1989 students attending Waterford schools were bussed if they needed to cross State Route 132 to reach school.
Noise issues.
Sound levels at the Waterford Junior High School have been determined to be approximately 64 DbA, primarily due to roadway noise from State Route 132;(Earth Metrics, 1990) this sound level is considered generally unacceptable from the standpoint of speech interference, safety and health effects.

</doc>
<doc id="9636652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636652" title="The Awkward Stage">
The Awkward Stage

The Awkward Stage is a Canadian indie pop band from Vancouver and fronted by singer-songwriter Shane Nelken. The band's supporting lineup currently consists of Tygh Runyan on lead guitar, Tony Koelwyn on drums and Chris Mitchell on trumpet and keyboards.
Nelken, who works as a cremationist, had a longtime side career in music as a supporting musician for artists such as A. C. Newman and Sparrow before forming his own band, which consists of Nelken with a rotating cast of other musicians. The Awkward Stage's debut album, "Heaven Is for Easy Girls", was released on Mint Records in 2006 and quickly charted on Canadian campus radio and CBC Radio 3, which named the band's song "We're Going for a Ride" one of its Top 94 songs of 2006.
Nelken is also a contributor to Radio 3, hosting a humorous audio advice column feature titled "Dear Shane", and serving as an occasional guest host.

</doc>
<doc id="9636659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636659" title="Mshamshono">
Mshamshono

Mshamshono, pronounced Shamshono is a rank of deacons in the Syriac Orthodox Church. The word mshamshono means Deacon.

</doc>
<doc id="9636665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636665" title="Dave Blalock">
Dave Blalock

Dave Blalock (born 1950 in Johnstown, Pennsylvania), is an American anti-war activist who helped overturn the 1989 Flag Protection Act. He was a member of Vietnam Veterans Against The War Anti-Imperialist.
At present, he lives in Heidelberg, Germany with his third wife.
Blalock appeared in the theatrical production of Friedrich Schiller's "Wallenstein" of Helgard Haug and Daniel Wetzel of Rimini Protokoll (2005–2007) where among a cast of ten people out of real life - such as a conservative politician unveiling his election campaign strategies, a German former Hitler Youth, Weimar's former chief police officer - to tell his story of a fragging in the midst of Intrigue, War & Death. He is co-author of The Dictionary of War, an international book project, supported by the German government (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9636670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636670" title="Aggravated felony">
Aggravated felony

An aggravated felony (""violent felony"" or a ""federal felony"") is used in the United States immigration law to refer to a broad category of criminal offenses that carry certain severe consequences for aliens seeking asylum, legal permanent resident status, citizenship, or avoidance of deportation proceedings. Anyone convicted of an aggravated felony and removed from the United States "must remain outside of the United States for twenty consecutive years from the deportation date before he or she is eligible to re-enter the United States."
When the category of "aggravated felonies" was first added to the Immigration and Nationality Act in 1988, as a response to heightened concerns about drug abuse, it encompassed only murder and trafficking in drugs or firearms. The Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 (AEDPA) and the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA) both tremendously expanded the category. AEDPA added crimes related to gambling and passport fraud; IIRIRA added a great many more crimes, including certain crimes of a sentence of at least a year regardless of whether the sentence had been suspended. The following chart lists all current aggravated felonies:
Controversial issues involving an aggravated felony.
The definition of aggravated felony has significantly expanded since its inception in 1988. A series of amendments have expanded its reach to the point that an aggravated felony need not be aggravated, nor a felony, to trigger the consequences of such a conviction. Although U.S. Congress made it clear that in order for any criminal offense to qualify as an "aggravated felony", it must be a "crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year", the Third Circuit Court of Appeals has ignored this. For example, in "United States of America v. Winston C. Graham", 169 F.3d 787 (3rd Cir. 1999), the Third Circuit Court of Appeals held that the respondent's 1990 petit larceny, a Class A misdemeanor with a maximum of one year imprisonment under New York law, constitutes an aggravated felony. 
In "Lopez v. Gonzales", 549 U.S. 47 (2006), the Supreme Court ruled that because immigration law is under the control of the federal government, the definitions of any terms on the aggravated felony list comes from federal law, not state law. This holding calls into question the result in Graham because under federal law a crime must be punishable by imprisonment for a term "exceeding" one year in order to be considered an aggravated felony, otherwise it is cruel and unusual punishment under the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
In (a)(20), Congress explains that the term "crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year does not include ... any State offense classified by the laws of the State as a misdemeanor and punishable by a term of imprisonment of two years or less."
In "Leocal v. Ashcroft", , the Court ruled that DUI is not an aggravated felony if the DUI statute that defines the offense does not contain a "mens rea" element or otherwise allows a conviction for merely negligent conduct.
In "Popal v. Gonzales", 416 F.3d 249, 254 (3d Cir. 2005), the Third Circuit Court of Appeals held that Pennsylvania simple assault does not constitute crime of violence under 18 USC § 16(a) and is therefore not an aggravate felony.
Consequences of an aggravated felony conviction.
An alien convicted of an aggravated felony may not:
At the same time, any alien convicted of an aggravated felony is automatically deported through expedited procedures intended to ensure that the deportation occurs as soon as the alien is released from prison after serving the sentence imposed for the underlying crime. These deportation orders are not subject to review by the federal courts, although federal courts have ruled that they may determine which crime constitutes an aggravated felony.
IIRIRA required that any alien convicted of an aggravated felony must be detained while awaiting removal, resulting in the detention of far more aliens than before the Act took effect. In "Demore v. Kim", , the Court ruled that the mandatory detention provision of IIRIRA was constitutional.
Consequences of illegal re-entry after deportation.
A related use of the term "aggravated felony" comes in the context of the definition of the crime of illegal reentry into the United States following deportation, , and the corresponding sentencing enhancement provided by the Federal Sentencing Guidelines. It is a crime for an alien to illegally enter or without be found without permission in the United States after that alien has been deported. The maximum sentence for this crime is 2 years; however, if that deportation follows a conviction for an aggravated felony, the maximum sentence increases to 20 years.
Furthermore, the guideline that corresponds to this crime typically doubles or triples the sentence the alien would otherwise have received if the deportation follows conviction for an aggravated felony. In "Almendarez-Torres v. United States", , the Supreme Court held that this increased maximum sentence did not violate the Sixth Amendment.
Comparison to crimes involving moral turpitude (CIMT).
The consequences of making a crime an aggravated felony are far reaching. One major consequence is that, unlike the deportability ground for a crime involving moral turpitude (CIMT), aggravated felonies do not have to be committed within five years after admission into the U.S. to give rise to deportability. (E.g. a Lawful Permanent Resident who was admitted into the U.S. as a small child and who commits an aggravated felony at age 60 becomes deportable).
Also, unlike the moral turpitude provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act, some aggravated felonies make a person deportable without regard to the actual or potential sentence attached to the conviction. For details, see "list of aggravated felonies" in the chart at the top.

</doc>
<doc id="9636672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636672" title="Ban Phue District">
Ban Phue District

Ban Phue () is a district ("Amphoe") in the northwestern part of Udon Thani Province, northeastern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Sangkhom, Pho Tak, Tha Bo and Sakhrai of Nong Khai Province, Phen, Mueang Udon Thani and Kut Chap of Udon Thani Province, Suwannakhuha of Nongbua Lamphu Province, and Nam Som and Na Yung of Udon Thani again.
Located within the district is the Phu Phra Bat Historical Park and the Phu Phra Bat Buabok Forest Park.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 13 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 165 villages ("muban"). Ban Phue is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Ban Phue. There are further 13 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9636693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636693" title="Civil Service F.C.">
Civil Service F.C.

Civil Service Football Club is an English football club based in the city of London. The club originally played both association football and rugby football and the Civil Service, along with Blackheath F.C., is one of the two clubs that can claim to be a founder member of both The Football Association and the Rugby Football Union. However, the rugby club is now a distinct entity and appears to have been so since the late nineteenth century.
History.
In 1863 the newly formed Civil Service club was playing football under both Association and Rugby rules and sources suggest that the club was similar to Clapham Rovers in that it was a single club playing both codes. At what point the Civil Service Rugby Club became a distinct entity from the Football Club (Association football) is unclear. Certainly, the histories published by the official Football and Rugby clubs respectively do not refer to a joint history past even 1863. However, the club was still a unified entity when it became a founding member of the Rugby Football Union in 1871, although notably it did not provide a member to the inaugural committee. However, in 1892 contemporary sources refer to Clapham Rovers as being unique in the respect that it played both codes, suggesting that the Civil Service had distinct teams by that point.
Association Football.
The club was one of the dozen founding sides of the Football Association on 26 October 1863, and lays claim to an earlier, but uncertain, date of origin. It was represented at the founder's meeting by Mr. Warne of the War Office, leading to the side often being identified as the "War Office Club" in historical accounts of the founding of the FA. Civil Service was also one of the fifteen entrants to the first ever FA Cup competition in 1871–72.
Several members of the Civil Service took a prominent role in organising the first representative matches between sides representing England and Scotland in 1870. The captain of the first Scottish XI was James Kirkpatrick (later Sir James Kirkpatrick, 8th Baronet) who included fellow civil servants Charles and William Baillie-Hamilton and William Lindsay in the team, while the England XI included William C. Butler and Evelyn Freeth.
Civil Service played a significant role in the introduction and popularization of the game of football in Europe early in the 1900s through touring, undertaking their first continental tour in 1901. In recognition of their contributions the club is an honorary life member of Real Madrid and Slavia Prague.
Early in the club's history the decision was taken to remain an amateur side in the face of the emergence of the professional game. Civil Service was subsequently active in the formation of several amateur leagues including the Amateur Football Alliance, the Isthmian League (1906), and the Southern Amateur Football League (1907). 
CSFC enjoyed its greatest success in the years leading up to World War I with several wins in other cup competitions to its credit including the London Senior Cup (1901), the Middlesex Senior Cup (1908 and 1913), and the Amateur Football Association Cup (1910, and again later in 1920 and 1930). They also captured the Southern Amateur League title in 1913 and 1914. In later years club's accumulation of honours was modest with a SAL title in 1939 and two more league triumphs in 1969 and 1971.
More recently the club has seen the return of a greater measure of success. They captured the AFA Senior Cup in 1997 with a 4–3 win over Lensbury, securing the trophy for the first time in 67 years. 
The 2010/11 season was a largely successful season for the club as it approaches its 150th anniversary. The 1st team narrowly missed out on promotion to the Southern Amateur League’s Division One; the second team won a rare cup double capturing the AFA Intermediate Cup and the AFA Middlesex Essex Cup while finishing strongly in Division One of the reserves league; the 3rd team was promoted back to the top flight and the 4th and 5th teams both had strong seasons while the lower sides continue to perform well in both League and Cup Competitions. The vets (over 35s) retained the London Financial Football Vets Cup.
The club are scheduled to play in the first ever official football match at Buckingham Palace to mark the Football Association's 150th anniversary.
Notable players.
"For notable Rugby players please see CS Rugby 1863"

</doc>
<doc id="9636716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636716" title="Social Justice (political party)">
Social Justice (political party)

Social Justice (, "Tzedek Hevrati") is a political party in Israel headed by Russian-Israeli businessman Arcadi Gaydamak. It was launched by in February 2007 as a social movement, but was transformed into a political party in July that year. It did not participate in the 2009 elections for the Knesset but made a comeback to run in the 2013 elections.
Background.
The movement was founded on 21 February 2007. It had been announced in the Israeli media the previous day that he would be founding a political party. The new organisation was not originally a party, but Gaydamak stated that it could turn into one at any time "given the circumstances".
At the time he suggested the movement would not seek ultimate power for itself, telling voters "Don't vote for Olmert, don't vote for Peretz leader of Labour—don't even vote for Gaydamak. Vote for Bibi." Nevertheless, a poll from late February gave Gaydamak's party 14 seats, while a late March poll indicated it would receive 9 seats if elections for the Knesset were held (compared to 31 for Likud, 17 for Labour and 11 for Kadima).
On 10 July 2007 Gaydamak launched Social Justice as a full political party, stating that the need to oust Ehud Olmert's government justified the creation of a new party. Claiming it could win 20 seats in the next elections and that he was the "most popular public figure in Israel", Gaydamak also said that he would not seek to enter the Knesset himself, though he would like to play a major role in Israeli politics.
It was originally suggested that the party is likely to run in tandem with Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud, hoping to pick up votes from former Likud members alienated by Netanyahu's financial policies, and even that the movement could eventually merge into Likud. However, following the party's official launch, associates of Gaydamak said that he was not ruling out supporting Labour's Ehud Barak. 
According to polls in August 2007, support for the party had dropped below the threshold needed to win a seat in the Knesset. However, these polls were taken prior to the party's large municipal effort in 2008. Gaydamak is also popular in development towns, such as Sderot, and in the Israeli Arab, Bedouin, Druze and ultra-orthodox communities. In January 2008, Gaydamark claimed that his party was the largest in Israel, with 140,000 members (though unlike paid membership of other parties, the figure represented the number of people who had reportedly signed to say they supported the party). According to polls in the same month, the party could win seven seats in the Knesset. However, polls taken in October 2008 showed the party again failing to cross the electoral threshold.
Ideology.
The party's goals are to:

</doc>
<doc id="9636724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636724" title="Francesco Nelli">
Francesco Nelli

Francesco Nelli (Florence – Naples, 1363) was the secretary of bishop Angelo Acciaioli I and a pastor at the Prior of the Church of the Holy Apostles in Florence. Nelli corresponded much with Francesco Petrarch as is evident by the fifty letters still existing of his to Petrarch, and the thirty-eight letters still existing from Petrarch to him. Six of the nineteen letters of Petrarch's "Liber sine nomine" are addressed to Nelli.

</doc>
<doc id="9636749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636749" title="Wildlife of Alaska">
Wildlife of Alaska

The "wildlife of Alaska" is diverse and abundant. This article gives information on a selection of the best-known animal species in Alaska.
Mammals.
"For a complete list of mammals in Alaska, see List of Alaska mammals"
Brown bear.
Alaska contains about 98% of the U.S. brown bear population and 70% of the total North American population. An estimated 30,000 brown bears live in Alaska. Of that number, about 1,450 are harvested by hunters yearly. 
Brown bears can be found throughout the state, with the minor exceptions of the islands west of Unimak in the Aleutians, the islands south of Frederick Sound in southeast Alaska, and the islands in the Bering Sea. Most brown bears in Alaska are grizzly bears (the subspecies of brown bear found throughout North America), but Kodiak Island is home to Kodiak bears, another subspecies that is the largest type of brown bear in the world. The brown bear is the top predator in Alaska.
The density of brown bear populations in Alaska varies according to the availability of food, and in some places is as high as one bear per square mile. Alaska’s McNeil River Falls has one of the largest brown bear population densities in the state.
Brown bears can be dangerous if they are not treated with respect. Between the years 1998 and 2002, there were an average of 14.6 brown bear attacks per year in the state. Brown bears are most dangerous when they have just made a fresh kill, and when a sow has cubs.
Black bear.
The black bear is much smaller than the brown bear. They are found in larger numbers on the mainland of Alaska, but are not found on the islands off of the Gulf of Alaska and the Seward Peninsula. Black bears have been seen in Alaska in a few different shades of colors such as black, brown, cinnamon, and even a rare blue shade. They are widely scattered over Alaska, and pose more of a problem to humans because they come in close contact with them on a regular basis. They are considered a nuisance because they frequently stroll through local towns, camps, backyards, and streets because of their curiosity and easy food sources such as garbage. Black bears are big dangerous animals that attack when bothered or hungry. As many as 100,000 black bears live in Alaska.
Polar bear.
Alaska's polar bear populations are concentrated along its Arctic coastlines. In the winter, they are most common in the Kuskokwim Delta, St. Matthew Island, and at the southernmost portion of St. Lawrence Island. During the summer months, they migrate to the coastlines of the Arctic Ocean and the Chukchi Sea.
There are two main polar bear populations in Alaska. The Chukchi population is found off in the western part of Alaska near the Wrangell Islands, and the Beaufort Sea population is located near Alaska’s North Slope.
Until the late 1940s, polar bears were hunted almost exclusively for subsistence by Inupiats and dogs teams, though from the late 1940s until 1972, sport hunting by others took place. The 1959 Statehood Act set up a program for polar bear management, and further conservation efforts, including the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act, have limited polar bear hunts. Polar bear populations may be threatened by oil development and global warming. Only about 4700 polar bears are known to inhabit Alaska. 
Caribou.
Alaska is home to the "Rangifer tarandus granti" subspecies of caribou. While other parts of the world use the terms "caribou" and "reindeer" synonymously, in Alaska "reindeer" refers exclusively to domesticated caribou. Caribou in Alaska generally are found in tundra and mountain regions, where there are few trees. However, many herds spend the winter months in the boreal forest areas.
Caribou are large-scale migratory animals and have been known to travel up to a day. The migratory activities of caribou are usually driven by weather conditions and food availability. Changes in caribou migration can be problematic for Alaska Natives, who depend on Caribou for food.
Caribou in Alaska are abundant; currently there are an estimated 950,000 in the state. The populations of caribou are controlled by predators and hunters (who shoot about 22,000 caribou a year). Though in the 1970s there were worries that oil drilling and development in Alaska would harm caribou populations, they seem to have adapted to the presence of humans, and so far there have been few adverse effects.
Moose.
The Alaska subspecies of moose ("Alces alces gigas") is the largest in the world; adult males weigh 1,200 to 1,600 pounds (542–725 kg), and adult females weigh 800 to 1,300 pounds (364–591 kg) Alaska's substantial moose population is controlled by predators such as bears and wolves, which prey mainly on vulnerable calves, as well as by hunters.
Because of the abundance of moose in Alaska, moose-human interactions are frequent. Moose have played an important role in the state's history; professional hunters once supplied moose meat to feed mining camps. Athabascan people have hunted them to provide food as well as supplies for clothing and tools. They are now hunted frequently by big game hunters, who take 6,000 to 8,000 moose per year. Today, moose are often seen feeding and grazing along the state's highways. Moose can sometimes cause problems, as when they eat crops, stand in the middle of airfields, or dangerously cross the path of cars and trains. Moose are also a very popular icon in Alaska.
Mountain Goat.
Mountain goats are found in the rough and rocky mountain regions of Alaska, throughout the southeastern Panhandle and along the Coastal Mountains of the Cook Inlet. Populations are generally confined in the areas of the Chugach and Wrangell Mountains. Mountain goats have been transplanted to the islands of Baranof and Kodiak, where they have maintained a steady population. The mountain goat is the only representation in North America of the goat-like ungulates. Very little was known about mountain goats up until 1900. They constantly migrate to different areas from the alpine ridges in the summer, and to the tree-line in the winter.
Bison.
The ancestors of the American bison ("Bison bison") now in Alaska were transplanted from Montana in 1928, when 20 animals were imported by the Alaska Game Commission and released in the area of what is now Delta Junction. Additional herds have developed along the Copper River, Chitina River, and near Farewell from natural emigration and transplant. Small domesticated herds have also been established near Kodiak and Delta Junction, as well as on Popov Island.
Another sub-species of bison, the wood bison ("b. b. athabascae") was once Alaska’s most common large land mammal. The combined effects of pre-contact habitat change and human harvest were probably responsible for their disappearance. The last reported sighting of wood bison in Alaska was in the early 1900s. Oral history accounts from Alaska Native elders suggest that these bison were a resource for indigenous peoples in Alaska as recently as 200 years ago.
In 2003, there were approximately 900 wild American bison in Alaska. Their numbers are controlled by managed sport hunting, as predation is not common. Bison can occasionally be seen on their summer range from the Richardson Highway south of Delta Junction, on the Delta Junction Bison range and on the Delta Agricultural Project. The Alaska Department of Fish and Game is currently reviewing plans to reintroduce wood bison to Alaska from Canada.
Dall sheep.
Dall sheep live in the mountain regions of Alaska where there is rocky terrain and steep, inclined land. The mountain setting is an ideal place for them to rest and feed. They are occasionally seen below their usual high elevation only when food is scarce. Alaska contains a good size population of dall sheep. In their rocky environment, they are able to avoid predators and human activities.
Orca.
The orca is known as the killer whale (although they are dolphins) because of the way in which it hunts in large groups. The hunting style has often been compared to that of wolves. Another reason is their tendencies to eat other whales and large prey animals such as seals and sea lions. Orcas are scattered among the Continental Shelf from southeast Alaska through the Aleutian Islands. They can also be seen in the waters of Prince William Sound.
Fish.
Alaska has quite a variety of fish species. Its lakes, rivers, and oceans are home to fish such as trout, salmon, char, grayling, halibut, lampreys, lingcod, longnose sucker, pacific hake, pacific herring, pike, rockfish, salmon shark, sculpin, walleye pollock, white sturgeon, and whitefish. Every year, the salmon participate in the great spawning migration up against the river currents. They do this in large numbers and are frequently seen jumping out of the water. This is a physical effort of them trying to go against the current. Bears, particularly brown bears, take advantage of this event by swarming to the rivers, and indulging in the salmon feast. Bear Lake, near Seward on the Kenai Peninsula, has been the site of salmon enhancement activities since 1962.
Birds.
Thousands of species of birds inhabit Alaska, especially in coastal regions. Some of the more notable birds in Alaska include:
Amphibians and reptiles.
Alaska’s extreme temperatures make it an uncharacteristic location to host many species of amphibians and reptiles. In fact, it only has two species of frogs. They are the Columbia Spotted Frog and wood frog. The only species of toad in Alaska is the western toad. Reports of the Common Garter Snake are unconfirmed.
Endangered Species.
Alaska has one of the smallest endangered species lists. According to the Alaska Department of Fish & Game there are only 11 endangered species. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="9636771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636771" title="Laure Savasta">
Laure Savasta

Laure Savasta (born March 18, 1974, in Marseille) is a French professional basketball player. She both plays point guard and shooting guard. She was, with Isabelle Fijalkowski, amongst the first French players to ever play in the WNBA; indeed, she played for the Sacramento Monarchs and was a member of the French national team for a long time. 
She was the captain and one of the key players of Tarbes GB, taking part to the French championship and European competitions. Now retired, she started a career of basketball coach and TV commentator, on Sport+, for women’s basketball games.

</doc>
<doc id="9636812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636812" title="Sherborne School for Girls">
Sherborne School for Girls

Sherborne School for Girls, informally known as Sherborne Girls, is an independent day and boarding school for girls. Located in Sherborne, North Dorset, England. The school was founded in 1899 by Mr. and Mrs. Kenelm Wingfield Digby. There are currently 440 pupils attending Sherborne Girls, with over 90 percent of students living on campus and residing in the seven boarding houses.
Curriculum.
All girls are required to take English, Maths, a Science subject, Religion and a Foreign Language. Most girls take nine to ten GCSEs and three to four A Level subjects. Sherborne Girls also offers the International Baccalaureate programme. Some subjects at AS/A Level are taught jointly with Sherborne School as part of the co-operation between the two schools.
Both schools also collaborate in various school activities and functions such as theatre productions, joint societies and social activities.
Houses.
The house system is primarily based on the boarding houses as most girls are boarders. The girls are divided into seven boarding houses regardless of whether they are boarding or day pupils. Approximately 10% are day pupils but they are fully integrated and encouraged to participate in weekend activities.
There are seven boarding houses on campus: 
Facilities.
The campus includes a sports centre, opened in 2007 and benefiting from a six lane swimming pool and a fully equipped fitness suite. Sherborne Girls also has squash courts, badminton courts, 27 tennis courts, a floodlit Astro Turf hockey pitch, climbing wall, grass pitches and dance studio.

</doc>
<doc id="9636830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636830" title="Dexter in the Dark">
Dexter in the Dark

Dexter in the Dark is a 2007 novel written by Jeff Lindsay. This is the third book in the Dexter series, preceded by the 2004 novel "Darkly Dreaming Dexter"—which formed the basis of the Showtime television series "Dexter"—and "Dearly Devoted Dexter", its 2005 sequel.
"Dexter in the Dark" was released September 18, 2007, in the United States and October 3, 2007, in the United Kingdom. The book was originally scheduled to be released earlier in the year.
The Season 1 DVD of the television series allows access to the first two chapters of "Dexter in the Dark" when viewed on a computer.
Plot.
Dexter Morgan is a serial killer trained by his adopted father, a police detective, to channel his murderous urges through vigilantism, only killing other killers. The source of Dexter's blood lust and investigative prowess is a voice in his mind that he calls the "Dark Passenger".
At the start of the novel, Dexter, a forensic blood spatter analyst for the Miami Police Department, investigates a double homicide at the University of Miami campus. Two female students are found burned and beheaded. Their heads are replaced by the ceramic heads of bulls. Something about this murder uncharacteristically frightens the Dark Passenger into silence, leaving Dexter to solve the crime on his own. As a series of similar murders takes place, members of a mysterious cult begin stalking Dexter, believing his Dark Passenger to be a threat to them.
Dexter soon begins to question the dark voice that has been with him all his life, as he slowly realizes that his Dark Passenger is a true entity unto itself, possibly an offspring of the ancient god Moloch. While attempting to dispatch a killer who had been stalking him, Dexter becomes frightened and is unable to go through with the deed. He soon realizes that the Dark Passenger had given him an unusual amount of confidence and an almost supernatural awareness of the world around him; now that it is gone, he feels vulnerable for the first time in his life.
As the novel progresses, Dexter begins to develop emotions that were once suppressed by the Dark Passenger, mainly those of sadness and anger. While missing the helpful clues and hints of the Dark Passenger, Dexter feeds off of his newfound emotions to find some balance in his life and to solve the mystery unfolding around him.
The story also concerns the training of Cody and Astor Bennett, Dexter's soon-to-be stepchildren. Traumatized by their abusive father, they have developed homicidal tendencies similar to Dexter's. Dexter intends to teach them the "Code of Harry", which his own adoptive father used to help him hide his dark nature and blend in with normal people. Cody and Astor are eager to learn, but Dexter informs them that they are not ready yet, and still have years of training left before they are able to inflict any real human suffering.
The novel concludes as the Cult of Moloch kidnaps Astor and Cody, thereby forcing Dexter to engage them head-on. However, the cult soon captures Dexter through a supernatural captivation of music. Though confined in a small concrete storage closet, Dexter escapes and encounters an old man who is the current avatar of Moloch. Though Dexter is instantly humbled and frightened of Moloch, he continuously mocks the malignant spirit, which in turn entrances him and the children and orders them to be sacrificed in a flaming pit. Dexter remains in a trance until his pant leg catches on fire; the pain of the burns snaps him out of it, and he opens fire on the cult members. A final showdown pits an armed Dexter against Moloch, who is clutching Astor and threatening to kill her. In a stalemate, Dexter is hesitant to act until Moloch reaches for his ceremonial knife only to find it missing; and then shudders to a halt and falls over with the knife lodged squarely in his back. Cody stands behind him holding Moloch's knife, saying, "I told you I was ready."
Dexter laments that having killed at such an early age, Cody's journey will now be more difficult. Weeks pass, and Dexter is left alone to accept life without his Dark Passenger. At his wedding, Dexter falls into a fit of despair as he thinks about how painful his life is going to be in its banality. Just then, the Passenger comes back to him, brought on by Dexter's immense suffering, and he is made whole again in the final paragraphs of the novel.
This is the first of Jeff Lindsay's "Dexter" series not narrated exclusively in the first-person point of view. Along with Dexter's first-person narration, the novel also includes third person narration from two other points of view. One is a person called the Watcher, a member of the cult that follows and observes Dexter. The other is a mythical, godlike entity called "IT" (revealed to be Moloch) which has existed since the beginning of time and is similar in various ways to the Dark Passenger. IT takes great pleasure in entering creatures as a "passenger" and making them kill other creatures, and works to create other murderous entities similar to itself, but soon turns against many of them, causing them to flee. IT and its offspring go to war, with IT being victorious. Some of IT's remaining children stay in hiding, fearing IT's power.

</doc>
<doc id="9636832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636832" title="Torso (comics)">
Torso (comics)

Torso, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9636845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636845" title="J. Maarten Troost">
J. Maarten Troost

Jan Maarten Troost (known professionally as J. Maarten Troost) (b. 1969, The Netherlands) is a Dutch-American travel writer and essayist.
Career.
Troost is the author of four books about his experiences in the Pacific Islands and 3-month trip to China. Troost writes about the part of his life spent in the South Pacific in "Getting Stoned with Savages" (2006) and "The Sex Lives of Cannibals" (2004). Troost has also written about his trip to China in "Lost on Planet China: The Strange and True Story of One Man's Attempt to Understand the World's Most Mystifying Nation, or How He Became Comfortable Eating Live Squid" (2008), and about other trips to the Pacific in "Headhunters on My Doorstep: A True Treasure Island Ghost Story" (2013).
He has also written essays for "The Atlantic Monthly", "The Washington Post", and the "Prague Post", the latter while he was a student. He has also been a consultant for the World Bank.
Personal life.
Troost was born in Groningen, the Netherlands and is of Dutch-Czech descent. He grew up in the Netherlands and Canada and currently lives in the Washington, DC area with his wife and two children. As recounted in "Headhunters on My Doorstep", Troost is recovering from alcoholism.

</doc>
<doc id="9636856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636856" title="Mansion stage">
Mansion stage

A mansion stage is a stage for theatrical performances. They originated in churches where they were small wooden platforms with supports and a roof. Mansions were stage structures used in medieval theatre to represent specific locations, such as Heaven or Hell. The actors would move between these mansions as the play demanded. The acting area of the stage was called the platea, and mansions were placed around the platea. As the actors moved between the mansions, the platea would take on the scenic identity of each mansion. In England, pageant wagons were used for the cycle dramas to hold the mansion, the plateau, and a dressing area. These were used to move the scene from one audience to the next, unlike in the church where the mansions were stationary and both the performer and the congregation would move from mansion to mansion.
Sociohistorical context.
After the fall of the Roman Empire, structured drama became practically nonexistent. Theatrical performances persisted in some small degree through local and travelling troupes of what would later be called minstrels. These minstrels, along with the monastery scholars, would carry the knowledge and tradition of the Roman Theatre until the revival of theatre in the Early Middle Ages, beginning around 500 C.E. As the church’s power grew, they attempted to absorb the pagan religions. In order to draw people in, while allowing them to keep a sense of their traditions, they superimposed Christian theology on pagan holiday celebrations. Easter was already the appropriate time of year to take the place of the spring fertility festivals. The Roman festivals celebrating the births of Dionysus, Osiris, and other lesser deities became Christmas, despite Christ’s birth never being celebrated in the winter before.
To keep up with the elaborate and theatrical celebrations found in the pagan religions, the church began creating spectacle performances. For example, they might place a cross wrapped in burial clothes in a tomb on Good Friday and raise it on Sunday, or stage elaborate mystery plays such as the one the lasted multiple days in the town of Mons, France. The processionals evolved into the liturgical dramas of the high Middle Ages. By 1300, the performance of liturgical dramas in churches was widespread across Western Europe, and so began the use of mansions and plateas, which persisted throughout the Middle Ages.
In the 14th Century, the Church in England, in an attempt to continue to spark interest and devotion to the church, began to build movable mansions, called pageant wagons, to carry to different parts of town to create an elaborate travelling show. Carrying the performances out of the church, the play slowly became more secular. Audiences prized the comic characters such as lesser demons and drunks, and those who played them well, reigniting professionalism in performance. The use of mansions, and eventually pageant wagons helped to create an affirmation of faith in the church in the Middle Ages.
Specific characteristics of mansions.
In the earliest days of liturgical drama, plays were performed inside the church with limited scenery and the focus of the audience on the action. Mansions were used to indicate location but much of the performance took place on the platea, the open space in front of the scenic structure, with the actors moving from mansion to mansion only when strictly necessary. The increase in length of the plays and the inclusion of a wider variety of locations that needed to be represented by individual mansions was part of what caused the movement of performances from clergy control inside church spaces (where the mansions were nestled within structural arches or alcoves) to laity control outdoors in the streets or public squares.
This movement to the outdoors resulted in two different methods of staging: in England, mansions were converted into pageant wagons, which could be wheeled along in a parade-like fashion from audience to audience, while in France and the rest of continental Europe, the stations were more commonly lined up in an open square, sometimes on a u-shaped or circular platform, and the actors would move from mansion to mansion. As time passed the plays came to be performed in the vernacular and required the involvement of community members, local guilds, and patronage from town government to produce the increasingly spectacular cycle, mystery, and morality plays.
Mansions, either stationary or moveable, represented a wide variety of locations such as the House of Adam, the Temple, the Garden of Gethsemane, and Mount Olivet, and were often lavishly decorated to add to the spectacle of the performance. In the mystery play at Mons, France in 1501, five painters were hired to paint the 67 mansion stages with various pigments as well as varnish, gold leaf, and silver powder. They were also responsible for painting the backdrops, the furniture and other set pieces, and imitation draperies. It is likely that because of the limited amount of total stage space, many of the mansion stages doubled for one another or were changed in between scenes. Flying machines, trapdoors, rope-and-pulley systems, and special effects such as a dragon that spit fire, light shining from the manger in the Nativity and torrential rain for the creation of the world were popular. Machinery or hidden sections such as Heaven would often be concealed with drapery or painted clouds, as was done in the Mons production.
A great number of people were employed in the production of these mansions, from Jehan de Dours, cabinetmaker, paid 48 sols for “making castles and turrets”, to Pierart Viscave, tinker, for installing sheets of metal to be used to create thunder effects, to Jehan du Fayt and seventeen assistants for working as stage hands for the nine-day performance. Both the production period and the performance of the outdoor vernacular medieval drama were extensive, with the 22 mansions for a production in Rouen prepared over 18 years. These medieval spectacles laid the foundation for the flourishing of drama in the Renaissance of later centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="9636865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636865" title="Card stock">
Card stock

Card stock, also called cover stock or pasteboard, is a paper stock that is thicker and more durable than normal writing or printing paper, but thinner and more flexible than other forms of paperboard. Card stock is often used for business cards, postcards, playing cards, catalogue covers, scrapbooking, and other uses which require higher durability than regular paper. The texture is usually smooth, but can be textured, metallic, or glossy. When card stock is labeled as cover stock it often has a coated finish on one side or both sides (CS1 or CS2 - Coated one side, Coated 2 side) to produce a glossy look and smooth texture, especially in use for the printing of business cards and book covers.
Measurements.
Card stock thickness is often described by pound weight. Pound weight is the weight of 500 sheets of paper. This differs from how text stock is determined, which assumes 500 sheets of paper. Because of the difference in the way text and card stock pound weight is determined, a sheet of 65# card stock is actually thicker and heavier than a sheet of 80# text. Most countries use the term grammage to describe the weight of the paper in grams per square metre. The term "card stock" is used to describe paper with weights from 50 lb to 110 lb (about 135 to 300 g/m2).
In the US, card stock thickness is usually measured in "points" or "mils" that gives the thickness of the sheet in thousandths of an inch. For example, a 10 pt. card is thick (roughly corresponding to a weight of 250 g/m2); 12 pt. is . Paper sizes using the ISO system are often used for card stock as well. Card stock sizes can be labeled as A3 (420 × 297 mm or 16.5 × 11.7 in) referencing the ISO Standard system, instead of using the physical dimensions to describe its size.
The US Card Stock Thickness Point size is 0.001". It must not be confused with the US Typographical Point Size of 1 point = 1/ 12 traditional pica = exactly 0.01383 inch = 0.35136 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="9636866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636866" title="Christian Prouteau">
Christian Prouteau

Christian Prouteau (born on the 7 April 1944) is a French officer of the "Gendarmerie Nationale". He was involved in the organisation of the GIGN and the GSPR.
Biography.
Prouteau graduated from Saint-Cyr in 1969. He joined the Commandos of the Gendarmerie and became an instructor. In 1973, in response to the Munich massacre, French authorities decided to create an elite unit capable of countering acts of terrorism ; Prouteau was selected to organise the GIGN.
Prouteau lead GIGN for 9 years, leading 64 interventions. He was severely wounded in 1980.
From 1982 to 1988, Prouteau directed the 'Anti-terrorist Cell' of the Élysée which was involved in the Élysée wiretap scandal and the "Irish of Vincennes" affair. In 2005, he was sentenced to eight months with parole and fined 5000 Euros for his involvement in the wiretap scandal.
Prouteau organised the security of the 1992 Winter Olympics.
He now ranks as a "préfet".

</doc>
<doc id="9636870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636870" title="Firesleeve">
Firesleeve

Firesleeve is a common term for a Silicone coated fiberglass sleeve, generally used in industrial or aerospace applications.
Fiberglass acts as an insulator or barrier for constant temperatures up to 540ºC. Silicone is generally able to withstand temperatures up to about 260C degrees continuous. Silicone, however, has the added benefit of being able to withstand and repel much higher temperatures for short durations, including liquid molten metals.
Firesleeve is used as a protective sleeve on industrial hoses, hydraulic hoses, cables, wires, etc.
Firesleeve generally refers to two variations: An aerospace version is made with a braided fiberglass substrate and is commonly used in the aerospace industry. Its construction enables qualified hose assemblies to meet the SAE standards which have been established relative to the protection which this product provides.
An industrial version, constructed of a knitted fiberglass substrate is also available. Because it is less expensive it is more commonly used in hot industrial applications where this type of protection is needed. The industrial version will not meet the SAE standards.
Fiberglass sleeve—without the Silicone rubber coating—has a higher continuous temperature rating, up to 1000ºF or 540ºC and is available as a knitted or braided sleeve for protection of hoses and cables where molten splash protection or weld splatter protection is not required.
Firesleeve is used for industry, aerospace, automotive, mining.

</doc>
<doc id="9636888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636888" title="Eldzier Cortor">
Eldzier Cortor

Eldzier Cortor (born January 10, 1916) is an African-American artist and printmaker. His work typically features elongated nude figures in intimate settings, influenced by both traditional African art and European surrealism.
Life and career.
Cortor was born in Tidewater, Virginia, to John and Ophelia Cortor. His family moved to Chicago when Cortor was about a year old, eventually settling in that city's South Side, where Cortor attended Englewood High School. Fellow students at Englewood included the African-American artists Charles Wilbert White and Margaret Burroughs. He attended the Art Institute of Chicago, gaining a degree in 1936. In 1940 he worked with the Works Progress Administration (WPA), where he drew scenes of Depression-era Bronzeville, a neighborhood on Chicago's South Side. In 1949, Cortor studied in Jamaica, Cuba, and Haiti on a Guggenheim Fellowship, and taught at the Centre d'Art in Port-au-Prince from 1949–1951.
Works.
Studying the African sculptures at an exhibit at the Field Museum transformed his work. "That was the most important influence in all my work, for to this day you will find in my handling of the human figure that clylindrical and lyrical quality I was taught...to appreciate in African art."
Cortor was one of the first African-American artists to make African-American women his dominant theme, explaining, "the Black woman represents the Black race, continuance of life." His treatment of women has been criticised, for instance in a 1985 article in "Art", which described the figure in "Southern Gate" (1942–43) as, "Stripped of integrity and reduced to a mere object…" According to Adrienne Childs, Cortor’s "Cuban Souvenir" "presents an exoticized black woman whose red dress, red lips…evoke the stereotypical notion of the Latin female sexuality.” (Childs 1998: 122).
Mel Edwards mentions Cortor as an example of an African-American artist influenced by surrealism, "who often uses the female figure in a surreal interior and exterior environment."
Exhibitions and collections.
Cortor exhibited in the 1938 interracial show "An Exhibition in Defense of Peace and Democracy", which was sponsored by the Chicago Artists' Group. In 1940 he was one of the young artists exhibited at "The Exhibition of the Art of the American Negro" in Chicago. He also contributed to the 1967 City College of New York exhibition "The Evolution of Afro-American Artists: 1800 - 1950". In 1976 his painting "Interior" was included in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art exhibition "Two Centuries of Black American Art", curated by David Driskell, which toured the U.S in 1977. The 1988 group exhibition "Three Masters", at New York's Kenkeleba Gallery, featured Cortor's work alongside that of Hughie Lee-Smith and Archibald Motley. Michael Brenson, in "The New York Times" review of the show, expressed a preference for Cortor's still-life paintings, rather than his paintings of people. The solo show "Eldzier Cortor: Master Printmaker" was exhibited at the Boston Psychoanalytic Society and Institute in 2002. In 2010 his works were included in an exhibition at the Library of Congress, and a selection of his works on paper exhibited at the Indiana University Art Museum. In 2013 Cortor's prints will be featured in an exhibition at the San Antonio Museum of Art 
His works are held in the collections of Howard University, the Smithsonian American Art Museum and The Art Institute of Chicago.
External links.
Articles
Paintings online

</doc>
<doc id="9636908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636908" title="Alexander Shaw (Canadian politician)">
Alexander Shaw (Canadian politician)

Alexander Shaw (January 13, 1833 – April 21, 1911) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure. He represented Bruce South in the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal-Conservative member from 1878 to 1882.
He was born in Ramsay Township, Upper Canada in 1833, the son of John Shaw. He was educated in Perth and studied law there. In 1853, he moved to Bruce County and settled at Kincardine. Shaw married Anna Robertson. He later moved to Walkerton and became solicitor for the county in 1867. He also served as mayor of Walkerton. Shaw defeated Edward Blake in Bruce South in the general election of 1878; he ran unsuccessfully against Rupert Mearse Wells in the riding of Bruce East in 1882.
His brother William McNairn Shaw was also a lawyer and served in the Ontario legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="9636909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636909" title="Getting Stoned with Savages">
Getting Stoned with Savages

Getting Stoned with Savages: A Trip Through the Islands of Fiji and Vanuatu is a 2007 non-fiction travelog by J. Maarten Troost.
Summary.
Following a job at the World Bank, Troost longs for his times spent in Kiribati and leaves the United States with his wife. The book is a humorous account of the author and his wife's time on the Pacific island nations of Vanuatu and Fiji. It is a follow-up to Troost's first work "The Sex Lives of Cannibals".
Reception.
Critical reception for the book has been positive.
Kirkus Reviews said of the travel essays "Living on a South Pacific island could be grim, horrifying and revolting, Troost writes, but never less than interesting."
Publishers Weekly mentioned it was a comic masterwork of travel writing.”

</doc>
<doc id="9636919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636919" title="Kaiaphas">
Kaiaphas

Lord Kaiaphas (born Valério Costa) is a black metal vocalist, drummer, lyricist, and composer. He is mostly known for his works while in the Norwegian black metal band Ancient. His current projects are Thokkian Vortex (black metal) and Minimal Criminal (psygressive trance). His name is taken after Caiaphas - the high priest of sanhedrin, who ordered the crucifixion of Jesus.
Biography.
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Kaiaphas moved to Washington D.C., U.S.A. at six years old where he grew up. Most of his family members were musically inclined. His grandmother, on his father’s side, Nadir de Figueiredo, was a very famous soprano opera singer. It was not surprising that Kaiaphas would develop a strong passion for music. Throughout his teenage and adolescent years, Kaiaphas played drums and sang for numerous rock and metal bands, recorded several demo tapes, and played dozens of gigs.
1995-1998.
Kaiaphas began his professional music career when he joined the Norwegian black metal band Ancient in 1995. The band’s leader, Aphazel, was impressed by the work Kaiaphas had made with his prior American black metal bands - Grand Belial's Key and Thokk, so, therefore, Kaiaphas (then known as Lord Vlad Luciferian) became the obvious choice to replace Ancient’s previous member, Grimm [http://www.chroniclesofchaos.com/articles.aspx?id=1-62]. At this time, he changed his name to Lord Kaiaphas and began performing solely as a vocalist/frontman. 
During his time with Ancient, he recorded two full-length albums for the well-known American metal label, Metal Blade Records. These albums were "The Cainian Chronicle" and "Mad Grandiose Bloodfiends". Kaiaphas also appeared in three music videos from Ancient, "Lilith’s Embrace", " Willothewisp", and "Um Sonho Psycodelico". In 1997 the band went on a European tour with Bal Sagoth and Dark Funeral. Later that year, the label Mordgrimm Records released the "Of Rape and Vampirism" CD from Kaiaphas’ former project, Thokk. The material from this CD came from their "A Trance for the ever-toiling Witch" demo which was recorded in 1995. In 1998, he went on an Ancient mini tour in America as well as another extensive European tour alongside Belphegor and Behemoth. Shortly after this tour, Kaiaphas left Ancient.
1998-2001.
In the fall of 1998, Kaiaphas moved to New Orleans, where he later formed a tribal gothic rock psychedelic rock band, called Oroboroswith his friend, [http://www.roadphoto.com Nicholas Syracuse. Oroboros also played at the Burning Man Festival in 1999 and 2001. In this band, Kaiaphas played the drums, doumbek, djembe, and did some Tuvan/Mongolian style throat-singing. Their live shows consisted of tribal body paint, firedancing and fire breathing. Some of their tracks were later included in the soundtrack of the Canadian independent film, Monolithia. The band broke up in 2001.
Back in 1996, Kaiaphas discovered psychedelic goa trance, and by 1999 he had become a trance DJ. In 2002, Kaiaphas moved to Brazil, where the trance scene was growing rapidly.
2001-2007.
KAIAPHAS.
In 2003, Kaiaphas created a project of dark ebm/futurepop/electro called KAIAPHAS, with his friend, Victor Salles, and female singer, T.A.T.I. In the beginning of 2006, the line-up had changed. Kaiaphas invited guitarist Lienhard, and new singer Lady Omega into the band. A year before meeting Kaiaphas, Lady Omega had sung on one of the songs from Ancient’s "Night Visit" CD, released in 2004. Coincidentally, Kaiaphas had also made a guest appearance on that same album in the track, "Rape the Children of Abel". He also performed as a special guest in a couple of Ancient’s gigs in Greece in the European summer tour of 2003. While in Greece, Kaiaphas recorded some guest vocals on a few tracks from the Greek black metal band, Crossover, which ended up in their 2004 CD, "Dogma"[http://www.metal-archives.com/albums/Crossover/Dogma/69170].
2003-now.
Minimal Criminal.
In 2003, Kaiaphas started a minimal/progressive psy-trance project called Minimal Criminal, under the alias "Zhyin" with Bruno Echoes. Their sound often has a dark atmosphere and almost all of their tracks have a little story or concept behind them. Their tracks also generally contain bizarre and obscure samples taken from films or other sources which further enhance the ideas behind the music.In 2005, Minimal Criminal had their debut released track "Reefer and Barbeque", a collaboration with established Swedish artist Krumelur, on the "Intelligent Manipulation" compilation CD [http://www.saikosounds.com/english/display_release.asp?id=4599.
Thokkian Vortex.
In 2006, Kaiaphas started his black metal solo project, Thokkian Vortex. The music from this project is influenced by the early works from Scandinavian black metal bands such as Darkthrone, Emperor, Dark Funeral, and Limbonic Art. There are also elements of classical/orchestral and dark ambient music. A split CD with the Hungarian band Aetheritus Obscuritas was released in 2007. The full length album of Thokkian Vortex is scheduled for release in 2014 [http://www.metalunderground.com/news/details.cfm?newsid=99985] .

</doc>
<doc id="9636961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636961" title="Samuel Montagu Youth Centre">
Samuel Montagu Youth Centre

The Samuel Montagu Youth Centre (formerly the Samuel Montagu Boys Club) was established by trust deed in 1963.
The original benefactors (who wished to remain anonymous) had been partners in the City of London banking business known as Samuel Montagu & Co., founded in 1853 by Mr. Samuel Montagu, who later took into partnership a Mr. Franklin.
The benefactors donated the playing field used by the Centre and the playing field now leased by the Centre to Old Shootershillians Rugby Club. They also gave sufficient funds to finance the building of the Centre’s premises.
No expense was spared on the building. The Centre has a snooker room with three full size tables, a fully equipped boxing gym and separate changing rooms for males and females. The gym was built so that it could also be used as a theatre. At the push of a button, a hydraulic lift raised a section of the floor at one end of the gym to provide a stage (unfortunately this facility no longer works).
Mr. Sydney Franklin opened the Centre in 1965. The Centre was run successfully as an all boys’ Club until three years ago but now offers facilities as a mixed Centre four nights per week and is widely used by members at weekends for sporting activities. In addition to the Youth Centre the Boxing Club operates three evenings a week with members competing regularly as well as Boxing Shows throughout the year. The Football section train during the week and compete at weekends during the Football Season.
The trust fund, which at present is the Centre’s main financial resource, is run by the Trustee’s Committee, which oversees all financial dealings at the Centre. The trustees are intending to seek a new trustee from the Franklin family to succeed Mr. Joseph Franklin who died in 2000.
The voluntary management committee oversees the day-to-day running of the Centre. Both Royal Borough of Greenwich and the Federation of London Youth Centres give additional support and advice.
The Centre, which is well used by a membership of 500 each year, has a voluntary workforce of over 30 adults who are supported by a small team of paid workers, has been hugely successful in attracting money for project work (including holiday programmes on offer to young people at little or no cost). The Royal Borough of Greenwich support the centre with an annual grant which helps towards the cost of two Youth Club sessions but as you can imagine it costs considerably more money to keep both the building and playing fields in good order.
The Centre’s recent revenue streams have fallen below the level needed to sustain the Centre, so the Trustees and the Management Committee are currently working very hard to ensure the Centre’s future for the benefit of the local community.

</doc>
<doc id="9636966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636966" title="The Concubine">
The Concubine

The Concubine is a deathcore band from Tabernacle Township, New Jersey. Formed in 2003, they have since toured with Knife the Glitter, Veil of Maya, Left to Vanish and other similar bands, and have been hailed on metal blogs as an up-and-coming metal band.
The group made their recording debut with a 2004 EP, "Maestro, If You Will". Their first full-length album, "Abaddon", received mixed reviews.
According to the band's Myspace, The Concubine has disbanded, citing "other interests and careers" as the reason for the break-up.

</doc>
<doc id="9636968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636968" title="Sharon Steel Corporation">
Sharon Steel Corporation

The Sharon Steel Corporation was once a steel plant, and is notable due to its contribution toward the growth of the iron and steel industry in the Shenango River Valley, Mercer County, Pennsylvania.
The longest surviving was the Sharon Iron Company, the owner of the old Clay Furnace. It is true that it ceased operations at the beginning of the 20th century, but it was the foundation for the future growth of the iron and steel industries. Many of the men who were affiliated with this company have gained local as well as national recognition for their contributions to the processes of steel manufacture. Among these men were Christian H. Buhl and his son Frank Buhl. In 1862, Christian H. Buhl became owner of the plant, and appointed Frank the general manager. From this and other holdings, the Buhls formed the Sharon Steel Castings Company in 1887. This was the first steel producing plant in the Valley, as well as in Mercer County. In 1902 the company became associated with the American Steel Foundries. Its plant has since been dismantled, and the site is now occupied by the Mercer Tube Works.
The Buhl family.
In 1890, when steel began to replace the use of puddled iron, a change in manufacturing methods became necessary. This change, however, served to advance the Shenango Valley as a steel center, and resulted in greater developments in the new industry.
The Buhls were responsible for bringing two other plants into the Shenango Valley, the Buhl Steel Company of Sharon in 1896, and a much larger plant located one mile (1.6 km) south of Sharon, “on the bottom land”, in 1899. The Buhl Steel Company and the property of the Sharon Iron Company, Ltd., locally called the “North Works”, passed into the hands of the Carnegie Steel Corporation, while the Sharon Steel Company, locally referred to as the “South Works”, became a part of the Union Steel Company on December 1, 1902. This plant later was known as the Farrell Works of the Carnegie Steel Corporation.
1902 – South Sharon becomes an independent borough – the birth of Farrell.
Because the mills were located along the river, it was natural that the workers would want to settle in towns nearby, thus Sharon and South Sharon grew and developed into sizeable communities. Both cities can point to Frank A. Buhl for making Shenango Valley, practically single-handed, an iron and steel center.
As soon as the Sharon Steel Company became established on the banks of the river just south of Sharon, hundreds of houses were built in this area, and in a short time a town of several thousand inhabitants had sprung up. This town was named “Farrell” in honor of James A. Farrell, the president of the United States Steel Corporation. The settlement of Farrell can be compared with the early settlements in the West during the gold rush. There was such a heavy influx of heterogeneous groups of peoples into the village that it attained a growth "that for rapidity surpasses the record of any city in the country". Farrell although born without any particular pioneer history, had a romantic development which was peculiarly its own. Since 1901 periodic unsuccessful attempts have been made to merge Farrell with Sharon, but Farrell consistently preferred to remain an individual borough, finally a city.
Farrell attracts multiple industries.
With the Carnegie-Illinois working at full capacity producing bar plates, the American Steel and Tin Plate Company and the American Steel and Wire Company, quick to realize the advantages of being near the source of bar plate output, in 1900 established themselves in close proximity to the Carnegie, and converted the Carnegie products into sheet steel, tin plate, and wire, respectively. These firms were added milestones to the progress of Farrell.
Since the American Sheet and Tin Plate Company, the Carnegie, and the American Steel and Wire Company were now the mainstays if industry in Farrell, we should note some of the high points of their history. The original furnaces produced the first pig iron on December 9, 1901. Six years later, on June 9, 1907, seven open hearth furnaces were added, and nine years later, on March 21, 1916, three more were added. The first rolling mills began their operations on May 10, 1901, and the first open hearth was made on April 30, 1901. The original bar and billet mill was replaced by the present mill in March, 1918.
The Carnegie mill produced 482,000 gross tons of steel annually
The Carnegie works used two blast furnaces with daily capacities of 650 and 750 gross tons respectively. The height of these furnaces from the floor of the platform was , and they were served by two blowers, approximately strong, which delivered a blast of of air per minute, at a pressure of 20 pounds. The total yearly capacity of these two furnaces was 482,000 gross tons of steel, and even today, fifty years later, the yearly tonnage has not changed. It is interesting to know that to produce the 482,000 gross tons of steel each year, 960,000 tons of ore, 195,000 tons of limestone, 420,000 tons of coke, and 1,600,000 tons of air are required. The ore used in the furnaces came from the Minnesota Ore Mines, and was shipped to Farrell by lake boats and railroads. The coke came from the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation of Clairton, Pennsylvania, and the limestone from Hillsville, Pennsylvania.
The product of the blast furnace, pig iron, is so called because of the odd shape acquired as the molten metal sets and cools in sand pits made for the purpose. The pig iron is subjected to a refining process, from which it emerges in the form of ingots. The ingots pass through various departments, such as the open hearth, where they are refined further, and the rolling mill, where they are reduced, rolled, and sheared into required lengths. The sizes vary from 8-,10-, and in width to in length. The annual capacity of the rolling mill is about 420,000 gross tons, and the product is classified as semi-finished.
The tin and sheet bar is delivered to various tin and sheet mills as a source of steel required for the manufacture of cans, bottle tops, kitchen utensils, enameled ware, toys, sign stock, and similar products. It is also used in auto body sheets, metallic furniture, radio and refrigerator stock, metal lath, steel drums, galvanized and other coated sheets for the manufacture of garbage and ash cans, coal and water buckets, and flat, corrugated and formed sheets for the building trades.
The Carnegie, the American Steel and Wire Company, and the American Sheet and Tin Plate Company were built close together, so that the products of one could be shipped to and used easily as stock by the others. The Carnegie sent its steel bars to the American Sheet and Tin Plate Company, where it was further processed and made into tin sheets and plain sheets for the items listed. Other kinds of steel were sent to the American Steel and Wire Company, where it was processed and made into wire and nails.
On November 1, 1935, the plants of the American Sheet and Tin Plate Company and the Carnegie plant became a unit of the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, and two years later, in 1937, the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation became part of the United States Steel Corporation. The American Steel and Wire Company continued to operate until 1937–1938, when it was closed and later dismantled, and the equipment shipped to a firm in Cleveland, Ohio.
Sharon Steel Hoop Company.
In the same year that the American Steel and Wire Company and the American Sheet and Tin Plate Company organized to buy and use the products of the Carnegie Plant, the Sharon Steel Hoop Company came into being. this company was organized by Morris Bachman, and was incorporated on October 8, 1900. The new company proceeded immediately to purchase a site of land along the Shenango River, south of Sharon, and started an 8” and 9” hot mill to roll cooperage hoop, cotton ties, and narrow steel bands.
The location of the Sharon Steel Hoop Company being immediately adjacent to the Sharon Steel Company, later the Farrell Works of the Carnegie Steel Company, made it feasible for the new company to purchase its requirements of semi-finished steel from the mill located so near. When the original Sharon Steel Company was acquired later by the United States Steel Corporation, and a new contract for billets could not be negotiated, it became necessary for the Sharon Steel Hoop Company to produce its own open hearth steel. Thus, in 1902, the “Steel Hoop” inaugurated a building program which included four 35-ton open hearth furnaces, a blooming mill, and a bar mill on which billets would be rolled to be converted into bands on the 8” and 9” mills. In 1905, a fifth open hearth furnace was added, and a 10” hot strip mill was brought into production, In 1906, the company built and operated the first continuous pickling and galvanizing unit ever built in the United States.
During Mr. Bachman's term as president, the company earned a favorable reputation as a producer of cooperage hoop, and established connections with customers,who, fifty years later, are still buying this same type of material from the Sharon Steel Corporation. The death of Mr. Bachman, which occurred in 1910, was a serious shock to the organization, and his friends, as well as to those who were connected with the company.
The successor to Mr. Bachman was Mr. Severn P. Ker, who had many years of experience in the commercial side of the steel industry. Under Mr. Ker's direction, the company continued to increase its capacity and to extend its operations. In 1910, a sixth open hearth furnace was built, and a 14” band mill was added to the production line. In 1913, another open hearth furnace and certain auxiliary equipment were added, which raised the annual capacity of the company to 180,000 tons of open hearth ingots.
In 1917 the Sharon Steel Hoop Company expanded by buying the Youngstown Iron and Steel Company, with a steel plant at Lowellville, and sheet mills in Youngstown. The newly purchased Lowellville Works was equipped with four open hearths, several soaking pits, a blooming mill, and bar mill, and the Youngstown Plant with eight sheet mills, a jobbing mill, and a 72” plate mill. The Sharon Steel Hoop Company also acquired the Mary Furnace from the Ohio Iron and Steel Company to secure a source of pig iron supply for the Lowellville Plant, and added to the Mary Plant two new open hearth furnaces, a 34” reversing blooming mill, and a 21&$#148; bar mill, These improvements made it possible to abandon the now obsolete steel making facilities and blooming mill at the Sharon Works in 1920.
To convert some of its material into fabricated products, the Youngstown Pressed Steel Company was organized as a subsidiary of the Sharon Steel Hoop Company in November, 1917. This company operated departments at Youngstown and Sharon until it was moved to Warren, Ohio, where it carried on a general stamping business throughout the succeeding years.
The Depression.
So that the Sharon Steel Hoop Company might improve its practice and be more competitive in the field of Hot rolled bands, a new continuous two-high hot strip was built during 1928 and, at the same time, construction was started on a new cold roll plant in the Sharon Works. Being aware of the need to diversify the products of the company, management started the development and initial production of stainless steel late in 1930. The stock market crash in 1929, combined with the sharp reduction in sales and operations, and the heavy investment previously made in new equipment, left the company to face the years of depression seriously short of capital to carry on the business. About this time, Mr. Ker retired as president, and in December, 1930, Henry A. Roemer was elected as the third president of the Sharon Steel Hoop Company.
Mr. Roemer accepted his position as president of the Sharon Steel Hoop Company with an impressive background in steel production. He knew the work associated with steel production from the workman's point of view, and he knew leadership from the administration's point of view, having served capably as superintendent of several steel companies.
In the early years of the depression, things were difficult for the new president of the company. Orders were hard to secure, the operating rate was low, money was scarce, the bond interest had to be paid in scrip, and the equipment needed to be modernized. The new continuous hot mill built in 1928 needed to be remodeled, widened, and converted into a four-high strip mill, also new cold rolling facilities and equipment for stainless steel production were needed. Numerous other problems showed up which the management had to face.
However, Mr. Roemer and his organization tackled the problem of rehabilitation and rejuvenation, with the result that the Sharon Steel Hoop Company under Mr. Roemer's leadership not only survived the depression, but had been built up and expanded tremendously.
The first no-direct-contact continuous process for the electrolytic pickling of stainless steel and degreasing and cleaning cold roll steel prior to coating was placed in operation at the Sharon Steel Hoop Corporation in 1933.
Aided by improvement in business conditions, the Sharon Steel continued to expand its sales volume and to make further improvements in production facilities during the thirties. Equipment for the production of terne and tin coating was added, a new product under the trade name of “Galvanite” was produced, and other specialties were added to the company's line of products. New electric furnaces were installed at the Lowellville Works to make stainless steel ingots to be converted into stainless steel strip on the Sharon finishing mills.
Inception of Sharon Steel Corporation.
A great change came about in the company when on March 10, 1936, the name was changed from the Sharon Steel Hoop Company to Sharon Steel Corporation. Today the name is well known in the steel industry.
Recognizing the need for further and greater outlets for its semi-finished products, in 1935 Mr. Roemer arranged for the purchase of a sheet mill located in Niles, Ohio. This mill, the Niles Rolling Mill Company, was made a subsidiary to the Sharon Steel Company, to produce sheet steel in various forms and finishes. It has provided an outlet for approximately 200,000 tons of semi-finished steel annually.
Many steel industries felt the effect of the depression, often finding themselves in financial difficulties. The Mullins Manufacturing Corporation, a stamping company of Salem, Ohio was no exception. Thus, in 1936, Mr. Roemer brought about a merger of Sharon Steel's subsidiary, the Youngstown Pressed Steel, and Mullins into what is known today as the Mullins Manufacturing Corporation. Since then, this company has made great progress as a producer of kitchen equipment, automobile stampings, range parts, washing machines, and refrigerators, and is doing a thriving business under its new management. The Sharon Steel Corporation still owns a substantial interest in the Mullins Corporation, with Mr. Henry Roemer as Chairman of the Board.
World War II and Expansion.
With the attack on Pearl Harbor and the entry into World War II of the United States, the Sharon Steel Corporation, already actively engaged in the production of high carbon steel, various alloy steels, stainless steel, a variety of coated products, and other elements important to the war effort, became one of the leading producers of helmet steel, flak curtain and aircraft armor steels, bullet core steel, and other steel products used in almost every branch of the service. The organization established an enviable record for performance and service to the government in time of war. In this time of stress, new production records were established, and the company went through the entire period of the war without a slowdown, sitdown, shutdown, or strike.
Immediately after the war, the Sharon Steel Corporation resumed its long-range program of development and expansion. On April 1, 1945, Mr. Henry Roemer arranged to purchase the Detroit Seamless Steel Tubes Company, a seamless tube producer of Detroit.
On November 9, 1945, Mr. Roemer concluded his negotiations with the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Company for the purchase of their Farrell Works, a steel producing property located immediately adjacent to the finishing mills of the company at Sharon. This new property included two 900-ton blast furnaces with ore handling equipment, sintering plants, and other facilities necessary to the production of approximately 560,000 tons of ingots, a 36” blooming mill, 24” and 18” bar mills, together with excellent shop facilities for maintenance; a complete railroad system with all equipment, and the very large plant known as the Farrell Ordnance Works, all of which have added greatly to the capacity and ability of Sharon Steel to produce steel at lower costs.
Early in 1946 the Sharon Steel Corporation expanded further by concluding a lease with the United States government for a byproduct coke plant located at Fairmont, West Virginia, and in October of the same year by the purchase of the Bopp Steel Corporation and its subsidiary Steel Trucking, Inc., located at Dearburn, Michigan. In December, 1946, the company acquired the Brainard Steel Corporation of Warren, Ohio, an important producer of cold roll steel, electro-galvanizing products, welded steel tubing, and the famous Brainard steel strapping. This plant has an annual capacity of 85,000 tons of specialty steel products.
In January, 1947, Sharonsteel Products Company of Michigan had established a steel warehouse in Detroit. This action was followed in August, 1947, with the organization of a similar warehouse in Farrell, Pennsylvania, known as the Sharonsteel Products Company.
Decline.
With the steady deline in domestic steel production, Sharon Steel attempted to update the Farrell plant with a continuous caster. Funding failed and Sharon Steel idled No 2 blast furnace, nicknamed Judy, and closed the mill in November 1992. Later that month, Sharon Steel filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Caparo Inc. bought much of the mill from Sharon Steel in 1995.
Due to financial troubles, Judy, as well as blast furnace No 3 were destroyed simultaneously at 6:00 pm Friday, March 1995 at the Farrell plant. Judy, the bigger of the furnaces, stood 110 feet tall at the time of the dismantlement. The explosion created a large flash of light and could be heard for miles around. The remains of the furnaces were sold for scrap. The No 1 furnace had been destroyed 70 years prior. 
References.
Most of this article appeared in the Farrell Golden Jubilee Souvenir Program 1901–1951.

</doc>
<doc id="9636975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636975" title="Ysgol David Hughes">
Ysgol David Hughes

Ysgol David Hughes is the largest Secondary School in Anglesey, Wales. The school building was completed and opened in Menai Bridge in 1963 by Anglesey County Council which, ten years earlier (in 1953), had become the first education authority in the UK to adopt non-selective comprehensive education.
The new school in Menai Bridge catered for all the secondary pupils in South East Anglesey who up to then had been educated four miles away in Beaumaris, the former county town of Anglesey.
Beaumaris Grammar School.
The Welsh name "Ysgol David Hughes" (David Hughes's School) is derived from that of the founder of the original Beaumaris Grammar School established 350 years earlier in the reign of Elizabeth I in 1603. 
Other than by nomenclature however "Ysgol David Hughes" in Menai Bridge has no connection whatever with the original Beaumaris Grammar School or with its founder, David Hughes. 
In 1953 the ancient Beaumaris Grammar School was combined with Beaumaris Secondary Modern School to become "Beaumaris Comprehensive School". When plans were announced to move the entire school away from Beaumaris to Menai Bridge there was considerable opposition from the people of Beaumaris to what they considered to be the arbitrary closure of their old school and the end of the centuries old tradition of secondary education in the town.
Founder of Beaumaris Grammar School.
David Hughes (d. 1609), the founder of Beaumaris Grammar School, was born in a stable of Llantrisant, Anglesey. He may have been the David Hughes of county Caernarvon, b. 1561, who entered Gray's Inn from Magdalen College, Oxford, 28 January 1583 (Foster, Alumni. Oxon.; Gray's Inn Admission Register, 28 Jan 1582-3), but another account of him, claiming to be based on sources not now available, suggests that he was born about 1536 and received no university education.
Settling in Norfolk, he was appointed steward of the manor of Woodrising about 1596. In 1602 he procured a building in Beaumaris which was converted and opened as a Free Grammar School in 1603. David Hughes's will, dated 30 December 1609, endowed the school and vested its administration in a body of feoffees (trustees) which he specified, should always include the Bishop of Bangor.He also laid down the terms on which "fellowships" (scholarships) should be established to enable deserving pupils to proceed directly from Beaumaris to the University of Oxford.
In 1895 the management of the David Hughes charitable endowment (which had funded Beaumaris Grammar School) was transferred from the feoffees to Anglesey's new "County Governing Body" which now used the funds for the establishment of new county schools at Holyhead, Llangefni and Amlwch as well continuing to provide a proportion of funding for Beaumaris Grammar School.
Ysgol David Hughes.
Ysgol David Hughes at Menai Bridge is divided into five blocks, A-D and New Block. It has a new sports hall with a fitness room with views of the Menai Strait and Snowdonia. The facility is open to the public in the evenings. There are approximately 1250 pupils at the school, from ages 11 to 18. The school has a large sports reputation and regularly competes against other schools in the area. The school is located at the top end of Menai Bridge and has views of both the Menai Suspension Bridge and Britannia Bridge. The school has excellent facilities with many classrooms having at least three PCs, every teacher has a laptop or PC and all classrooms have new electronic white boards. There are laboratories, kitchens and workshops as well as PC rooms in the school. The current headteacher is Mr H Emyr Williams.
The school participates in a broad range of activities and extracurricular activities for pupils. Activities ranging from sports events to science competitions are offered annually for pupils of various ages and interests.

</doc>
<doc id="9636993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636993" title="University Press of Mississippi">
University Press of Mississippi

The University Press of Mississippi, founded in 1970, is a publisher that is sponsored by the eight state universities in Mississippi:

</doc>
<doc id="9636997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9636997" title="Aurá language">
Aurá language

Aurá is an extinct Tupi language last spoken by two individuals in Maranhão, Brazil. Both speakers lived with the Guajá, but originally came from Pará.

</doc>
<doc id="9637050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637050" title="European Prison Education Association">
European Prison Education Association

The European Prison Education Association or EPEA was founded in Bergen, Netherlands, in 1991, after two years of work by individuals who had discussed the idea at an international conference on prison education in Oxford in 1989 to suggest the setting up of an organisation that would also help to turn the aspirations of the new Council of Europe Recommendation R(89)12, "Education in Prison," into a working reality. 
The association has approximately 1000 members in 43 European countries, 8 national branches and an office in Norway. 
EPEA branches are in Norway, Ireland, Hellas, France, Hungary, Netherlands, Scotland and Malta. 
The membership consist typically of prison teachers, administrators and researchers from Universities.
Activities includes 

</doc>
<doc id="9637072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637072" title="Patrick Ovie">
Patrick Ovie

Patrick Ovie (born June 2, 1978 in Lagos) is a former Nigerian football defender last playing for FC Lokomotiv Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League since 2009.
Career.
Ovie started his professional career with Shooting Stars of Nigeria, before moving to Israel, where he spent two years. In 2002, Ovie joined Russian Premier League side Krylia Sovetov, where he spent the next three and a half years before joining FC Dynamo Moscow in the summer of 2006, alongside his countryman Joseph Enakarhire. He retired in December 2009 from his professional football career to care his sick wife.
International career.
His impressive performances for Krylia Sovetov earned him several caps for Nigeria.
Personal life.
He is Kadiri Ikhana's son in law.

</doc>
<doc id="9637093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637093" title="Vitagraph Dog">
Vitagraph Dog

Jean, the Vitagraph Dog (190? - 1916), a female Border Collie, was a dog actor that performed title roles in early silent films. She was the first canine star in the United States having been preceded by the first, Blair, Cecil Hepworth's dog, in England. She however was the first canine to have her name in the title of her films. She was a precursor to other famous U.S. dog actors like Teddy, the Sennett Dog, Pete the Pup, Lassie and Rin Tin Tin. 
Biography and career.
Around 1906, Maine resident and aspiring writer Laurence Trimble moved to New York City with his dog, Jean. An article he sold to a local magazine paved the way for the two of them to visit Vitagraph Studios to do a story on film making. Trimble and his pet just happened to be on the set at a time when the company needed a dog to play opposite Florence Turner ("the Vitagraph Girl"). As a result, dog and master were asked to stay and both became members of the Vitagraph stock company.
Jean became quite popular and was soon known as "the Vitagraph Dog", starring in her own films along with "the Vitagraph Girl" all directed by Larry Trimble. One- and two-reelers with titles such as, "Jean and the Calico Doll", "Jean and the Waif", and "Jean Goes Fishing" were made by Trimble as their troupe filmed along the coastline in his native Maine.
By 1910, Trimble became Florence Turner's exclusive director and continued to make films with his lucky pet, Jean, until 1913, when Trimble, Turner, and Jean left Vitagraph and started up Turner Films, Ltd. in England. World War I interrupted most of their work and, in 1916, Trimble returned to the states. That same year, Jean died. 
Trimble worked with another dog, Strongheart, in the pictures, but eventually retired at age 40 and became a trainer of guide dogs for the blind. Nearly all of Jean's Vitagraph films are now lost with the exceptions of one film dating from 1908 (see article on Jean and Trimble below) and "Jean Rescues"(1911) in paper print at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="9637098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637098" title="Abu Omar case">
Abu Omar case

The Abu Omar Case refers to the abduction and transfer to Egypt of the Imam of Milan Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr, also known as Abu Omar. The case was picked by the international media as one of the better-documented cases of extraordinary rendition carried out in a joint operation by the United States' Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the Italian Military Intelligence and Security Service (SISMI) in the context of the "global war on terrorism" declared by the Bush administration.
Abu Omar was abducted on February 17, 2003, in Milan by agents of the SISMI and CIA. and transported to the Aviano Air Base, from which he was transferred to Egypt, where he was secluded, interrogated, tortured and abused. The CIA operation interrupted a surveillance programme that was being carried out by Italian authorities into Nasr's alleged participation in Islamist organizations. Hassan Nasr was released by an Egyptian court in February 2007, which ruled that his detention was "unfounded". He has been indicted for international terrorism offenses in Italy since 2005.
The Italian government originally denied having played any role in the abduction. However Italian prosecutors Armando Spataro and Ferdinand Enrico Pomarici indicted 26 CIA agents, including the Rome station chief and head of CIA in Italy until 2003, Jeffrey W. Castelli, and Milan station chief Robert Seldon Lady, as well as SISMI head General Nicolò Pollari, his second Marco Mancini and station chiefs Raffaele Ditroia, Luciano Di Gregori and Giuseppe Ciorra. Referring to the Italian military intelligence agency, the Italian press has talked of a "CIA-SISMI concerted operation." The prosecutors sent extradition requests for the indicted American citizens to the Italian Ministry of Justice, then headed by Roberto Castelli, for onward transmission to Washington. However Castelli refused to forward the demand for extradition.
The affair also created controversy within the CIA when the story came to light in 2005. Porter J. Goss the director of the CIA at the time, ordered the agency's independent inspector general to begin a review of the operation. Jose A. Rodriguez Jr., then head of the National Clandestine Service (NCS), stopped the inspector general's review, stating that the NCS would investigate itself. 
In June 2009, Robert Seldon Lady, Milan CIA station chief at the time, said
"I'm not guilty. I'm only responsible for carrying out orders that I received from my superiors." CIA officer Sabrina DeSousa, sentenced to five years in prison, said that the United States "broke the law ... and we are paying for the mistakes right now".
On February 12, 2013, the Court of Appeal in Milano sentenced former SISMI director Nicolò Pollari, his deputy director Marco Mancini, former Rome CIA station chief Castelli and two other CIA employees to up to 10 years in jail. Pollari has announced he will appeal against this ruling at the Corte Suprema di Cassazione. On February 24, 2014, the Corte Suprema di Cassazione, following a sentence of the Italian Corte Costituzionale regarding the use of secreted evidence in the proceedings, acquitted Pollari and Mancini.
Investigation of Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr.
Hasaan Mustafa Osama Nasr was a radical Egyptian cleric and alleged member of al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya who had fled Egypt due to that group's prosecution as a terrorist organization by the Egyptian government. He was granted political asylum in Italy in 2001, and held an Italian asylum passport.
As early as Spring 2002, he was under investigation by Italian and American intelligence agencies by means of wiretaps and physical and electronic surveillance. Italian authorities have claimed that they believed that they had evidence Nasr was building a network to recruit terrorists, and possibly had links to Al Qaeda. They alleged in particular links with Ansar al-Islam and ties to a network sending combatants in the Iraqi Kurdistan. 
However, citing a book on Al-Qaeda by Jason Burke, a British reporter at "The Observer", "La Repubblica" noted in June 2005 that in 2002, before the invasion of Iraq, the Bush administration was claiming, along with British prime minister Tony Blair, that Iraq maintained close links with Al-Qaeda, in particular through Ansar al-Islam. The Italian newspaper concluded that the Abu Omar case was a "chapter in the combination of intelligence–psychological warfare–information war engaged by Washington and London to justify the invasion of Iraq." There are also reports that Nasr was involved in plotting a terrorist attack on the U.S. embassy in Rome, and was suspected of being involved in a plot to bomb a number of children of foreign diplomats attending the American School of Milan, although sources disagree whether such plots even existed.
Most observers have come to believe that Nasr was abducted by the United States as a source of intelligence on foreign combatants being recruited to fight in Iraq, which, at the time, the United States had yet to invade.
Abduction and rendition to Egypt.
On February 17, 2003, Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr was abducted by persons affiliated with the CIA as he walked to his mosque in Milan for noon prayers.
According to court documents, Nasr was pushed into a minivan on Via Giuseppe Guerzoni in Milan and driven four or five hours to a joint Italian-U.S. air base at Aviano, where he was tortured. From there, he was flown by a Lear jet (using the call sign SPAR 92) to Ramstein, Germany. SPAR (Special Air Resources) is the call sign used by US senior military officers and civilian VIPs for airlift transport. A second plane then took him to Cairo, where he was imprisoned and, he claims, tortured.
In April 2004, while his incarceration had been downgraded to house arrest, Nasr placed several phone calls from Egypt to his family and friends. He told them he had been rendered into the hands of Egypt's SSI at Tura prison, twenty miles south of Cairo. He was subjected to various depredations, tortured by beating and electric shocks to the genitals, raped,
Nasr was not released again until February 11, 2007, at which time he was permitted to return to his family. After four years of detention, an Egyptian court ruled that his imprisonment was "unfounded."
In 2006, Nasr's lawyer Montasser el-Zayat said Nasr was underfed but there were "no signs of torture."
Investigation and warrants for CIA operatives.
The CIA agents were implicated, in part, by extensive cellphone records which allowed Milan police to reconstruct their movements for the nine days they were in the city. Because the agents had apparently not, at any time, removed the batteries from their cellphones, investigators were able to pinpoint their locations from moment to moment. The agents also made numerous phone calls to the US consulate in Milan, to northern Virginia (where the CIA headquarters are located) and to friends and family in the United States.
The operation was led by Robert Seldon Lady, former CIA station chief in Milan, who was then operating out of the U.S. embassy under diplomatic cover as the "Consul of the United States in Milan." The operation was carried out by the CIA's Special Activities Division. Lady has said that he opposed the abduction plans, but was overruled. Lady has since retired from the CIA, which puts him in a precarious legal position, as the status of his diplomatic immunity is now in doubt.
In December 2005, CIA Director Porter Goss ordered a sweeping review of the agency's field operations because of what he perceived as the Milan rendition's "sloppiness".
In June 2005, Italian judge Guido Salvini issued warrants for the arrest of 22 persons said to be agents or operatives of the CIA, including Jeffrey W. Castelli, head of the CIA in Italy until 2003. Salvini said the abduction was illegal because it violated Italian sovereignty and international law and disrupted an ongoing police investigation. He also issued a warrant for the arrest of Nasr, on charges of associating with terrorists.
In November 2005, Italian prosecutors requested that Italy's Justice Ministry seek the extradition of the suspects from the United States. The Italian government declined.
On December 20, 2005, European arrest warrants were issued for the 22 suspects.
In April 2006, just after the Italian general election, outgoing Justice Minister Roberto Castelli (Lega Nord) told prosecutors that he had decided not to pass the extradition request to the United States.
One of the "concerted CIA-SISMI operations".
The abduction occurred without the knowledge of at least the Italian intelligence and law enforcement officials working directly on the Nasr case, who initially suspected that Nasr had been kidnapped by the Egyptian government, possibly with the cooperation of other branches of the Italian government. When the Italians questioned their American counterparts about Nasr's disappearance, they were told he had traveled voluntarily to the Balkans.
Furthermore, Italian officials initially denied the Italian government had authorized or sanctioned a US operation to kidnap Nasr. Italian Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Carlo Giovanardi, member of Silvio Berlusconi's second and third government, said in no uncertain terms to the Italian parliament: "Our secret services were not aware of the operation ... It was never brought to the attention of the government or national institutions."
But former CIA officials contradicted this by claiming the agency had secured the consent of Italian intelligence, and that the CIA's station chief in Rome, Jeffrey W. Castelli, had been granted explicit permission for the operation by his Italian counterpart. Furthermore, the circumstances of Nasr's abduction tended to accredit the thesis of at least passive support of the operation by Italian intelligence services. In particular, questions were raised by the CIA agents' startling laxity in travel arrangements. By all accounts, they did little to cover their tracks. Instead of fleeing immediately, most of them remained in Italy days after the operation, in some of Milan's best hotels. Only some of them used aliases. The rest traveled with their normal passports and drivers licenses, paid for things with credit cards in their real names, chatted openly on cell phones before, during, and after the operation. After the abduction, they even carelessly bypassed speed limits in Milan. Some have speculated this represents evidence of Italian complicity, as little apparent effort was made to obfuscate the identities of the participants.
This hypothesis was confirmed by Italian investigations. On July 5, 2006 two high-ranking Italian intelligence officers were arrested by Italian police for their complicity in Abu Omar's kidnapping. These included Marco Mancini, number 2 of SISMI, Italy's military intelligence agency, and Gustavo Pignero, the agency's chief for the northern region of Italy. Italian wiretaps caught Mancini admitting that he had lied about his involvement in the abduction case. These arrests signaled the first official admission that Italian intelligence agents were involved in the abduction. Additionally, the former head of SISMI's Milan office, Col. Stefano D'Ambrosio, claims that he was removed from his position by his superiors because of his objections to the abduction plot; he was later replaced by Mancini.
Thus, public prosecutors Armando Spataro and Pomarici have described the abduction as "a concerted CIA-SISMI operation" organized by "Italian and American agents" with the aim of the "capture" and "secret transfer" of the imam to Egypt. Paolo Biondani and Italian counter-terrorist expert Guido Olimpio cited the November 18, 2005 article published by Dana Priest in the "Washington Post", where she described the CTIC (Counter-Terrorism Intelligence Center), a "joint operation centers in more than two dozen countries where U.S. and foreign intelligence officers work side by side to track and capture suspected terrorists and to destroy or penetrate their networks. " Italy was not included in this international alliance of intelligence agencies, which largest base was in Paris, named Alliance Base.
According to Guido Olimpio and Paolo Biondani, Italy was not included in the CTIC because of internal jealousy between various Italian intelligence agencies. But they noted that, despite that, the arrest ordinance against Marco Mancini and his superior General Gustavo Pignero referred to the operation as an example of the "non orthodox activity" (the only one known of) realized by the CIA and the SISMI "since 2002," thus demonstrating some sort of cooperation between US and Italian intelligence agencies, albeit not in the frame of the CTIC.
Furthermore, according to testimonies by SISMI agents to the Italian justice, Mancini proposed himself to the CIA as a "double agent " According to Colonel Stefano D'Ambrosio, former SISMI responsible in Milan replaced by Mancini, the CIA refused to hire the latter because they considered him too "venal." But his demand "left traces in the computer" of the US intelligence. All SISMI testimonies converge in saying that Mancini owed his dazzling career to his "privileged relations with the CIA. " According to SISMI testimony, after the February 17, 2003 kidnapping of Hassan Mustafa Nasr, then CIA director George Tenet sent a letter to SISMI General Nicolò Pollari in August 2003, to which Mancini would allegedly owe the real reasons of his promotion to number 2 of the SISMI. In another, earlier article, the same author, Guido Olimpio, wrote that following the abduction of the imam, SISMI informed the Italian government and then the CIA, assuring them that no agent who had taken part in this covert operation would be prosecuted. In turn, CIA director George Tenet would have sent a letter to Forte Braschi, the SISMI headquarters in Rome.
Furthermore, apart of the July 2006 arrest of Marco Mancini, n°2 of the SISMI, and of Gustavo Pignero, the agency's chief for the northern region of Italy, the head of SISMI General Nicolò Pollari had to resign in November 2006 because of the affair and was indicted in December by the Milanese judges.
The trial.
In addition to the 22 European arrest warrants issued in December 2005 and the arrest of the above-mentioned SISMI officers, an Italian judge issued additional arrest warrants for four Americans, three CIA agents and for Lieutenant Colonel Joseph L. Romano III, commander of security forces at the Aviano Air Base at the time, now working at Section 31b of the Pentagon. Ultimately, twenty-six Americans and nine Italians (including head of SISMI Nicolò Pollari, n°2 of the same intelligence agency Marco Mancini, as well as General Gustavo Pignero; and also the junior ROS officer Giuliano Pironi) were indicted. The trial would be the first criminal trial related to the U.S. practice of extraordinary rendition.
The start of the trial was set for June 8, 2007, although it was adjourned until October 2007, pending an upcoming ruling by Italy's Constitutional Court regarding the possible violation of state secrecy laws by Milan prosecutors who used phone taps on Italian agents during their investigation.
Two other Italian suspects reached plea bargains. Giuliano Pironi, who admitted stopping Nasr and controlling his identity during the kidnapping, was given a suspended sentence on one year, nine months and a day. Renato Farina, vice-director of "Libero" newspaper, who was hired by the SISMI in 1999, was accused as an accessory. He was given six months sentence that was converted into a fine. Carabinieri Piniori testified that he asked for Nasr' identity papers on Robert Lady's request, and assured that the operation was a concerted CIA-SISMI operation. The first one to confess the involvement of the CIA and the SISMI in the abduction of Abu Omar, Piniori thought, when he participated in the operation, that he was passing a test to enter the SISMI. He later realized he had been instrumentalized
Marco Mancini admitted to Milan prosecutors having followed orders of his superior General Pignero, who himself obeyed requests from Jeff Castelli, CIA head in Italy, to the director of the SISMI, General Pollari. Mancini confessed having organised a meeting in Bologna with all the heads of the SISMI centers. He illustrated on this occasion the plan for the abduction. The arrest warrants issued on June 15, 2006 against Jeff Castelli, other US agents, Mancini and Pignero were done on these grounds.
In the meantime, Milan prosecutor Armando Spataro found out the existence of an office, in the centre of Rome, linked to SISMI, in charge of 'secret operations.' It was directed by a close collaborator of head of SISMI Pollari. According to the European Parliament "Temporary Committee on the Alleged Use of European Countries by the CIA for the Transport and the Illegal Detention of Prisoners", headed by rapporteur Giovanni Claudio Fava:
The main target of this office consisted in distorting the national press information, through journalists ad hoc hired by SISMI, by editing false reports with the aim to keep high the ""terrorism alert"" vis-à-vis the public opinion. Among the duties also the one of chasing and tapping the communications of the two journalists of the newspaper ""La Repubblica"" in charge of the Abu Omar case: Carlo Bonini and Giuseppe D'avanzo.
In a secretly registered conversation General Pignero, Mancini's superior, confirmed having met SISMI director Pollari right after a meeting with Jeff Castelli, head of the CIA in Italy. He said on this occasion that he had received by Pollari a list of names, among others that of Abu Omar, and to have been ordered to observe the Egyptian cleric in view of his abduction. Pignero then ordered Mancini to proceed with all these activities.
Interrogated by the Milan prosecutor in July 2006, General Pollari involved the Italian government and invoked a classified document. Romano Prodi's government has confirmed its classified status. During his hearing in August 2006 before the Italian Parliamentary Committee on Secret services control (Copaco), Pollari defended himself again invoking the raison d'état.
In October 2006, prosecutor Spataro transmitted to the European Temporary Committee a copy of a SISMI document, from which it comes out that SISMI was informed by the CIA on May 15, 2003 that Abu Omar was interrogated in Cairo by Egyptian services. , the Italian government's responsible for secret services, declared to the European committee that the Berlusconi administration had classified files related to the Abu Omar case, and that the Prodi administration confirmed such secrecy.
Any trial of American citizens is expected to happen in absentia. The United States is not expected to extradite the CIA operatives. As of February 2007, the Italian government has issued no extradition requests, although the Italian judiciary has been calling for the government to do so since 2005. Justice Minister Clemente Mastella, member of the new government of Romano Prodi, Prime minister of Italy since the 2006 general election, has still given no news of the extradition request given to him by Armando Spataro, the Milanese public prosecutor. Current Minister of Infrastructures and former prosecutor of Milan, Antonio di Pietro, has criticized on February 15, 2007, his governmental colleagues, claiming that the refuse to transmit the extradition requests to the US abounded to "cover an illegal operation, the kidnapping of a person."
Freed on February 11, 2007, Osama Mustafa Hassan Nasr has deposed a complaint against former Prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, demanding 10 million Euro of damage and interests "for his implication in the kidnapping as chief of the government the events and for having permitted the CIA to capture him."
The Italian executive has opposed the judges in Milan, by deposing a recourse before the Constitutional Court against Armando Spataro, charging him of having violated state secret by using the wiretaps recordings of SISMI agents. In particular, Romano Prodi's government accused the magistrates of having revealed the identity of 85 foreign and Italian spies. The Italian government has said it will wait for the ruling before issuing the extradition requests.
Convictions.
On November 4, 2009, an Italian judge convicted 22 suspected or known CIA agents, a U.S. Air Force (USAF) colonel and two Italian secret agents of the kidnap, delivering the first legal convictions in the world against people involved in the CIA's extraordinary renditions program. Former Milan CIA station chief Robert Seldon Lady received eight years in prison. The rest of the Americans, including former Milan U.S. consular official Sabrina De Sousa, and USAF Lieutenant Colonel Joseph L. Romano, at the time of conviction commander of the 37th Training Group at Lackland Air Force Base, Texas, got five years each. The convicts were also ordered to each pay €1 million to Nasr and €500,000 to his wife. Three Americans, including the then-Rome CIA station chief Jeffrey Castelli and two other diplomats formerly assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Rome, as well as the former head of Italian military intelligence Nicolo Pollari and four other Italian secret service agents were acquitted due to diplomatic immunity.
All but two Italians were tried in absentia, and, as long as the verdicts remain in place, the 23 convicted Americans cannot travel to Europe without risking arrest. U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly expressed disappointment over the verdicts. Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff S. Morrell said that the judge had ignored requests for Lieutenant Colonel Romano's case to be moved to the United States, adding that "Our view is the Italian court has no jurisdiction over Lieutenant Colonel Romano and should have immediately dismissed the charges. Now that they have not, we will, of course, explore what options we have going forward." The CIA declined to comment. Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi denied knowledge of any kidnap operation, and criticized the trial claiming that it could hurt Italy's international reputation.
In September 2012, Italy's highest court, the Court of Cassation, upheld the guilty verdicts that had been handed down by lower courts. The Italian government has not stated whether it would seek extradition of the convicted Americans.
On February 13, 2013, the Milano Court of Appeals sentenced former SISMI director Nicolò Pollari to 10 years in jail and awarded 1.5 million Euro in damages to Abu Omar and his wife. Pollari's deputy director Marco Mancini has been sentenced to 9 years in jail, the former CIA station chief Jeffrey Castelli in absentia to 7 years in jail, along with two other CIA employees. Pollari has announced he will appeal against this ruling at the Corte Suprema di Cassazione.
Political context.
The exposé of the incident, coming just before Italy's general election, was a major embarrassment for the Berlusconi administration. If it had admitted foreknowledge of or complicity in the operation, it would have been admitting that one part of the government (its intelligence services) deliberately undermined the efforts of another (its judiciary). If it had denied any involvement, it would point to a serious lapse in Italian security, as it would mean foreign intelligence agencies would be able to pull off major operations within Italy, right under the nose of Italy's own intelligence agencies, with virtual impunity.
Either way, most observers thought it clear Silvio Berlusconi did not wish the case to proceed. He initially told the press that he did not believe the CIA was responsible for the abduction, and even if they were responsible, it was a justifiable action. He was widely quoted in the press as having said, "You can't tackle terrorism with a law book in your hand.". He then declared to the ANSA agency: "This is a trial we absolutely should not have, and its result will be that our intelligence services will no longer have the cooperation of foreign intelligence".
Berlusconi's successor, Romano Prodi, has thus far seemed more amenable to the judicial investigations, although is proceeding guardedly. Despite prosecutors' numerous requests, the Italian government still has issued no extradition requests to the United States.
The Imam Rapito case poses the problem of Italy's involvement in the US "War on Terror".
The incident also served to highlight tensions between Italy's fiercely independent judiciary and its executive administration (including the intelligence services), which would have preferred the judiciary didn't press the issue with the United States. During the Italian investigations into the incident, it was discovered that not only had SISMI (or a division of it) collaborated with the CIA in the abduction, it had also been illegally surveiling Italian citizens, particularly Italian magistrates unfriendly to the Berlusconi administration, often with the help of Italian journalists. Italian prosecutors believed reporters from right-wing paper Libero used interviews with the lead prosecutor in the abduction case, Armando Spataro, as a pretext to glean confidential information to pass on to SISMI agents. On July 6, 2006, Libero's offices were raided by Italian police.
CIA station chief's admission.
In June 2009, Robert Seldon Lady, Milan CIA station chief at the time, was quoted by "Il Giornale" newspaper saying
"I'm not guilty. I'm only responsible for carrying out orders that I received from my superiors,"
He denied criminal responsibility because it was a "state matter." "I console myself by reminding myself that I was a soldier, that I was in a war against terrorism, that I couldn't discuss orders given to me." Lady's retirement villa has been seized by magistrates to cover court costs.
In July 2013, Lady was arrested in Panama on an international arrest warrant. The next day, he was released.
See also.
Similar cases:

</doc>
<doc id="9637104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637104" title="Dirty Martini (band)">
Dirty Martini (band)

Dirty Martini is a four piece indie pop band from Portland, Oregon. The band was founded by three singer songwriters and multi-instrumentalists Stephanie Schneiderman, Lara Michell and McKinley, who write all the group's songs and share the vocal duties. Dirty Martini uniquely blends folk, rock, Americana, and pop to form an eclectic explosion of beautiful harmonies, sharp song writing, and heartbreaking melancholy. Their latest album, "Tea and Revenge", was released in September 2006, and was produced by John Askew (FILMguerrero) and Dave Allen (Gang of Four). "Tea and Revenge" was released by Pampelmoose and is the follow-up to their acclaimed self-titled debut album.
Origins.
The band formed during the early 2000s, as the three leading ladies played several shows together. Prior to forming the band, Schneiderman, Michell and McKinley had all had some success; One toured with David Crosby as his opening act, one won a place on the Lillith Fair tour, and one was in the band Carmina Pirhana, who composed music for the Oregon Ballet. Their first appearance together was at a Portland Valentine's Day songwriter in the round formatted show. They began road tripping to shows together, performing as separate artists. It wasn't long, though, until they began playing as a three piece band. They all wrote, sang, and played multiple instruments. They kept the theater in the round format until David Allen, Gang of Four's bass player suggested, "Why don't you stand up and be a proper band already?". Lea Krueger was initially also a member but left to pursue a solo career after recording the band's debut album. The debut album sold around 7,000 copies.
The band cite PJ Harvey, Aimee Mann, and Kristin Hersh as influences.

</doc>
<doc id="9637114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637114" title="National caveats">
National caveats

A national caveat is a restriction that North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) members place on the use of their forces. NATO General John Craddock, NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR), was quoted as saying all caveats must be removed in February 2007 in an article written by the Associated Press.
National caveats.
United States officials have urged NATO countries to eliminate caveats, and some steps have been taken to lift them, but the problem appears to remain. At the Riga Summit NATO nations agreed to lift caveats in a time of an emergency, however the definition of an emergency is debatable.
The problem of National Caveats is not new and was identified as a problem during the KFOR mission in Kosovo in 1999. NATO leaders met in Copenhagen Denmark in 2005 to address the matter of national caveats. They passed RESOLUTION 336 on REDUCING NATIONAL CAVEATS, but the resolution was non-binding, meaning that nations could apply it as they deemed fit. 
Riga Summit.
In November 2006, NATO held the Riga Summit. At the meetings, President George W. Bush called for countries to lift caveats. However, many analysts say the problem has not been solved. For instance, political scientist Joseph Nye stated in a 2006 article that "many NATO countries with troops in Afghanistan have "national caveats" that restrict how their troops may be used. While the Riga summit relaxed some of these caveats to allow assistance to allies in dire circumstances, Britain, Canada, the Netherlands, and the US are doing most of the fighting in southern Afghanistan, while French, German, and Italian troops are deployed in the quieter north. It is difficult to see how NATO can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan unless it is willing to commit more troops and give commanders more flexibility."
Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is NATO's greatest test as to national caveats. The 28 nation alliance is now leading the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) Mission in Afghanistan, with some forty-eight diverse nations engaged in the nation building operation. Adding to an already complex task, many of the nations in the mission, whether NATO or not, have attached national caveat restrictions on their forces. This has created opportunities for the insurgents in parts of the country, whilst also causing no small degree of friction within the NATO Alliance proper between those nations willing to send their soldiers to the dangerous parts of the country (to fight), and those not willing to do so.
US Army Colonel Douglas Mastriano, in a research project at the US Army War College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, discussed the challenges that this dilemma poses to the alliance, and although daunting, argues that one should expect this from a system of independent nations that have divergent interests and political will in regards to Afghanistan. He argues that strategic leaders have to operate with what nations are willing to give and thereby leverage NATO's troops where they can do the most good. Despite the difficulties, Mastriano says, "When one looks at the ISAF mission holistically, Afghanistan has been good for the alliance. It has expanded its global role, demonstrated that it can conduct a sustained out of area mission, NATO can operate with coalition partners from around the world, it has endurance (now ten years in Afghanistan, and counting) and that it is not easily be intimidated. Despite the Taliban's efforts otherwise, NATO has endured relatively high casualties (higher than many nations anticipated), and despite this, none of these nations have retreated in the face of it."
As to the Afghan mission, Mastriano says, "Nine years after the 9/11 attacks, things look grim in Afghanistan, but it is not too late. NATO, and her strongest partner, the US, possess both the initiative and ability to turn things around... They simply must do the hard work to create unity of effort and unity of command through capable leadership because losing is not an option."
Iraq.
Caveats are also applied in Iraq. According to an article written by Major General Rick Lynch and Lieutenant Colonel Phillip D. Janzen, US Army, "National caveats on personnel participating in NATO-led operations are not a new challenge. Lessons learned from operations in the Balkans often emphasize the impact of caveats on that mission. Nations contributing personnel to the NATO Training Mission - Iraq (NTM-I) also apply operational caveats to their force offerings, to include restrictions on the place of duty and length of deployment. Operational impacts from caveats are countless but include restricting force protection troops from securing vehicle convoys. Another case involves limiting personnel to duty in Baghdad's International Zone."

</doc>
<doc id="9637122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637122" title="Lubyanka Criminal Group">
Lubyanka Criminal Group

Lubyanka Criminal Group (also translated as "The Gang from Lubyanka") is a book by Alexander Litvinenko about the alleged transformation of the Russian Security Services into a criminal and terrorist organization.
Lubyanka is known as KGB headquarters. In the book, the authors claim that Russian president Vladimir Putin and other FSB officers have been involved in organized crime, including covering up drug traffic from Afghanistan.
The book was withdrawn from sales in Russia by request from the FSB according to The Moscow Human Rights News Agency Prima News. In response, the authors allowed the book's publication and distribution by anyone in Russia free of charge. Alexander Goldfarb, the executive director of International Foundation for Civil Liberties which licensed the book's copyright in Russia, stated, "By banning the books for the first time since the Soviet times, FSB threw down a challenge to the society".
Former Interior Minister of Russia Anatoly Kulikov promised to bring a libel suit against the book but did not follow it through.
Praise of the book.
Viktor Suvorov, author of "Icebreaker" said that the book is "Terrifying, gripping and instructive". According to Suvorov: 
Former Soviet prisoner of conscience Vladimir Bukovsky stated, "Litvinenko eloquently depicts that what was long considered to be the 'shield and sword' of the communist party is in reality a huge criminal mechanism". 
As Andrei Antonov writes, "the way Litvinenko sees it, the FSB is clearly a criminal and even terrorist organization. And not only because of apartment explosions or alleged conspiracy against Berezovsky. Litvinenko is certain that security services were behind the murder of Galina Starovoitova, a prominent figure in Russia's democracy movement, and the death of Anatoly Sobchak, and many, many other things."
Alan Cowell praised the book as an important source that described the attempted assassination of Boris Berezovsky in Moscow and many other events.

</doc>
<doc id="9637135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637135" title="PainStation">
PainStation

Painstation is an art object and arcade game based on Pong developed by the artists' group, "/////////fur//// art entertainment interfaces", with pain feedback.
History.
The system was originally developed by Tilman Reiff and Volker Morawe, two students at the "Kunsthochschule für Medien Köln" (Academy of Media Arts Cologne) in 2001, as an interactive art object. The pair later enhanced the device and released it under the company name of the "//////////fur//// art entertainment interfaces". The designers were inspired by the children's game Folter-Mau-Mau and the development of the modern computer game. 
A similar game concept was featured in the 1983 James Bond movie "Never Say Never Again".
The original concept was followed up with other stages of development which were regularly exhibited worldwide in different cultural contexts.
Following talks with Sony, the artists described the Painstation as "The artwork formerly known as Painstation".
Structure.
While the underlying artistic concept remained consistent over the years, the group continues to improve on the system.
Basic Concept.
The Painstation consists of a specially made case which gives two players the opportunity of playing a specially adapted and expanded variant of the classic video game, Pong, against each other. The electronic controls are connected by digital transducers to several components providing sensory feedback to players.
During the game, the players place their left hands on the PEU (Pain Execution Unit) which serves as a sensor and feedback instrument. Possible feedback effects are heat impulses, an electric shock and an integrated miniature wire whip. The feedback generated is dependent on the playing process and can increase in its intensity. The respective opponent can try to alter his or her playing style to purposely change the intensity of the feedback.
The following bonus items can be activated by hits in the current version of the software in 2006:
No matter the score, the first player to remove his or her hand from the PEU device loses the game.
Painstation.
The heart of the original system was the Apple Computer G3 Macintosh, as well as a specifically made control plate. The programming was done with Macromedia Director and C++.The model was developed predominately out of available junk using a tube monitor. The first five high scores were originally computer generated absurdly high as a deterrent, but one entry was actually overwritten by a player at the Games Convention in 2006. Since then, "GOL" is on the list in second place with 300 points.
Painstation 2.0.
Starting in 2002, the successor of the original Painstation was developed, the Painstation 2.0.
Apart from adjustable pain levels, it offers several replaceable whips and an additional source of light which players can use to produce glare on their opponent's side of the screen. The program was reprogrammed under Windows and the application was implemented in C++ and OpenGL, because the hardware the previous version had been based on became obsolete. The PEUs were fabricated for the first time with lasers from stainless steel. The higher processor performance makes it possible for the system to control the speed of the whip engine and the strength of the electrical current individually.
The system was also for the first time made coin-operated. It is equipped with a 15 inch LCD monitor and it was shown to the public on June 25, 2003 on the German Harald Schmidt television show.
Painstation 2.5.
The new case, painted in three metallic colors, consists mostly of medium density wood fiber panels and has a modular design. This makes it easier to transport the system and to exchange defective components. Besides a 15 inch color screen, there is standard PC technology inside and a special control plate. The pain levels can be changed from 50% to 150%. The player must confirm that they are willing to participate in the game by pressing a "I agree" button before playing. Added benefits for the players include leather padded arm rests and the new ergonomic layout of the controls. Newly added fans in the PEUs cool the system down better between games to avoid electronic problems and can serve the players if they hit the right bonus item.
Exhibitions.
The system has been publicly presented at the following exhibitions and fairs:
In the past years, the system has also been repeatedly displayed in clubs and discothèques, at LAN parties and at BDSM parties.

</doc>
<doc id="9637136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637136" title="New York State Energy Research and Development Authority">
New York State Energy Research and Development Authority

The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), established in 1975, is a public benefit corporation, located in Albany, New York, with regional offices in NYC, Buffalo, and West Valley. 
NYSERDA offers information and analysis, programs, technical expertise, and funding aimed at helping New Yorkers increase energy efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and reduce their reliance on fossil fuels. NYSERDA professionals are charged with protecting the environment and creating clean-energy jobs. NYSERDA collaborates with businesses, industry, the federal government, academia, the environmental community, public interest groups, and energy market participants to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.
About NYSERDA.
Mission Statement.
Advance innovative energy solutions in ways that improve New York's economy and environment.
Vision Statement.
To serve as a catalyst - advancing energy innovation and technology, transforming New York's economy, empowering people to choose clean and efficient energy as a part of their everyday lives.
Program Portfolios.
NYSERDA Program Portfolios Address Key New York Energy Goals 
Governance.
The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) is governed by a 13-member Board appointed by the Governor with advice and consent of the New York Senate.
Richard L. Kauffman, Chairman, Energy and Finance
John B. Rhodes serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of NYSERDA and reports directly to the Board of Directors.
The Board oversees the development of the Authority’s budget and program plan, and the processes, policies and procedures in which staff are to perform their duties in their efforts to fulfill NYSERDA’s mission, and in the public’s interest. The Commissioners of the Departments of Environmental Conservation and Transportation and the Chairmen of the New York Power Authority and Public Service Commission serve ex officio. Additional members must include: research scientist(s), economist(s), not-for-profit environmentalist(s), member(s) of a not-for-profit consumer group, officer(s) of a utility primarily engaged in the distribution of gas, officer(s) of an electric utility, and three public members.
History.
1970s.
In 1975, the New York State Legislature created the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA). Working with other State agencies, including the New York Public Service Commission and the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation, NYSERDA’s priorities were to find oil substitutes and reduce energy costs to consumers. 
The Authority’s early efforts focused on reducing the State’s petroleum consumption and promoting the development of the State’s hydropower resources, research environmentally-safe, coal-burning technologies, and promote efficient energy use.
In the early years, NYSERDA projects focused on the rehabilitation of several hydroelectric facilities as well as fostering nationally recognized research on utility coal- burning technology and attendant environmental advances. These early efforts introduced a home-energy audit program and conservation measures that became national models.
1980s.
Environmental regulations in the 1980s were established to diminish groundwater pollution and regulate landfill design. Accordingly, NYSERDA began to focus on landfill reclamation, the process of “mining” waste landfills to recycle materials, as one solution to the shrinking availability of landfill space and continued to develop new energy resources and technologies, placing increased emphasis on technologies that facilitated environmental conservation and repair.
1990s.
During the recession of the 90s, NYSERDA’s emphasis shifted to developing innovative technologies that saved energy and created economic development opportunities for businesses and industries throughout New York. 
In the 90s, air and water quality, and solid waste issues were pressing environmental concerns for the State, as were the continued economic challenges. In response to these pressing matters, in 1995, NYSERDA began to focus on innovative opportunities and projects that were linked to energy, environment, and economy.
2000s.
NYSERDA organizes the "Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Challenge", a program for high school students.

</doc>
<doc id="9637148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637148" title="Doodles (comic strip)">
Doodles (comic strip)

Doodles is a children's activity comic strip drawn by Steve Sack and Craig MacIntosh. Originally syndicated in 1985 as "Professor Doodles' Just For Kids Corner", the strip was renamed "Doodles" in 1998. The comic is distributed by Creators Syndicate. 
Overview.
The comic strip features Professor Doodles, a wacky scientist with a love of kids and animals. The professor and his menagerie of zoo characters lead kids in several activities in each cartoon, including mazes, jokes, drawing tips, and riddles. Among the Doodles helpers are Bosco, a lovable and inquisitive koala; Toby, a fun-loving hippo; Zak, a sarcastic but goofy giraffe, and Steve, an ape who became the main star of the strip when Professor Doodles was cut back to a rare occasional appearance as of 1998 when the strip was renamed "Doodles".
Kids can also send in their favorite jokes to Professor Doodles for inclusion in the weekly comic.

</doc>
<doc id="9637163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637163" title="Victory (Pennsylvania State University fight song)">
Victory (Pennsylvania State University fight song)

"Victory" is an old fight song of the Pennsylvania State University. It is most often sung by the Penn State Glee Club and performed by the Penn State Blue Band.
While a Penn State student and Glee Club member in 1913, James Leyden began singing a song he had just created at the athletic Track House. His roommate, Albert A. Hansen, published the song in the fall semester of 1913. The Blue Band played an arrangement of the song as early as 1915. During a Penn State Nittany Lions football game at Beaver Field against Lehigh University, students held aloft blue and white streamers and alternated the colors with the beats of the song; the novel cheering method became popular with the spectators in the crowd.
Leyden would later compose "The Nittany Lion" in the 1920s.
Lyrics.
The song's lyrics are:

</doc>
<doc id="9637187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637187" title="CJOS-FM (defunct)">
CJOS-FM (defunct)

CJOS was a Canadian radio station, which aired at 92.7 FM in Caronport, Saskatchewan. Owned and operated by Briercrest Bible College, the station aired a predominantly Christian campus radio format.
The station launched in 1995, but ceased broadcasting and relinquished its license in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9637193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637193" title="Oregon Route 332">
Oregon Route 332

Oregon Route 332 (OR 332) is an Oregon state highway running from the Washington state line near Umapine to OR 11 near Milton-Freewater. OR 332 is known as the Sunnyside-Umapine Highway No. 332 (see Oregon highways and routes). It is approximately eight miles long and runs east–west, entirely within Umatilla County.
OR 332 was established in 2003 as part of Oregon's project to assign route numbers to highways that previously were not assigned, and, as of July 2010, was unsigned.
Route description.
OR 332 begins at an intersection with State Line Road on the Washington state line two miles (3 km) north of Umapine and heads south and then east toward Milton-Freewater, passing through Sunnyside. Near Milton-Freewater, OR 332 crosses OR 339 and proceeds east. Approximately one mile north of Milton-Freewater, OR 332 ends at an intersection with OR 11.
History.
OR 332 was assigned to the Sunnyside-Umapine Highway in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9637200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637200" title="Coincya monensis subsp. recurvata">
Coincya monensis subsp. recurvata

The Star mustard or wallflower cabbage ("Coincya monensis" subsp. "recurvata") is a subspecies of "C. monensis", the Isle of Man cabbage.
It is found in eight U.S. states.

</doc>
<doc id="9637204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637204" title="Las Bocas">
Las Bocas

Las Bocas is a minor archaeological site in the Mexican state of Puebla, whose name has become attached, often erroneously, to a wide-ranging type of Olmec-style figurines and pottery.
The Las Bocas site, part of the Balsas River basin, was heavily plundered in the 1960s by looters looking for "Olmec" pottery and figurines. As the prestige associated with "Las Bocas" artifacts grew, that label was given to many similar artifacts – and occasional forgeries – of unknown origin. The high numbers of artifacts attributed to the site are "implausible at best", and as a result, the term "Las Bocas" has now little archaeological significance.
The first systematic archaeological investigation of Las Bocas was begun by David Grove in 1967. In 1997, the archaeologist Maria de la Cruz Paillés Hernández started the first of her three seasons at the site.
Field Seasons: 1997-2000.
Funding.
The first field season of Maria de la Cruz Paillés Hernández, in 1997, was funded that same year by INAH (Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia) in the amount of $30,000 pesos. The second field season, 1998, also funded by INAH, was supplied with $23,000 pesos and had to be shortened to 21 days. Originally, the third field season had been scheduled for 1999, but funding was not available that year. In 2000, FAMSI (Foundation for the Advancement of Mesoamerican Studies, Inc.) gave $7,800 USD to Paillés Hernández for the third field season via INAH, but INAH delayed in relaying the funds for a month and a half, causing the third field season to take place during rains.
Archaeological Work.
The second field season was intended to yield a general overview of the contexts of the Las Bocas site, and to determine areas to be explored later.
Paillés Hernández considered the Las Bocas site to include the nearby Caballo Pintado because of relevant sites found in the area.
The third field season continued the work of the second field season and referenced it's findings for a greater understanding of context. Several pits were excavated during the third field season; some stratigraphy was found to be unreliable because of the facts that, the artifacts near the surface had mixed dates, and "the land surface was removed with heavy machinery back in 1994," almost completely destroying the classic and post-classic artifacts. A looter's pit was also found while excavating.
Findings.
Several ceramic pieces were found during the third field season of Paillés Hernández; these dated from as early as the Ayotla phase (1250-1000 B.C.) to the Manantial phase (1000-800 B.C.) of the formative stage. The pieces found included several fragments of figurines. The head of a "baby-face" figurine was found with a similar cranial deformation to an Olmec skull found at Pampa el Pajón.
Carved stone objects were also found during the third field season; they were composed of obsidian and either silex or chert.
The burial of an adult individual was uncovered during the third field season of 2000, it was the second burial found at the site. It was found with a "cajete", a small figurine of a dog, and fragments of a small box.
Las Bocas-style Figurines.
Description.
The term "Las Bocas-style" refers to a style of Olmec figurine allegedly found at the Las Bocas site. 
The style is defined by looted materials that may or may not have actually come from the Las Bocas site.
Credibility of Origin.
The term "Las Bocas-style" is based on a fallacy; the Las Bocas-style figurines were never connected to the actual Las Bocas site. They were only claimed to have been found on the site by those who sold them on the art market contemporaneously with the occurrences of looting at Las Bocas. 
With their advertised origins, the figurines received higher market prices and considerably more interest – consequentially, those who sold them may have been motivated to misrepresent the origins of artifacts that were possibly found at other sites. 
Because of the lack of contextual evidence to link the figurines with Las Bocas, and the high probability of improperly represented origins, the Las Bocas-style figurines cannot be attributed to the site of Las Bocas.

</doc>
<doc id="9637220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637220" title="Baure language">
Baure language

Bauré is a nearly extinct Arawakan language spoken by only 40 of the thousand Baure people of the Beni department of northwest of Magdalena, Bolivia. Some Bible portions have been translated into Baure. Most speakers have been shifting to Spanish.
Baure has an active–stative syntax.

</doc>
<doc id="9637235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637235" title="Jon Bauer">
Jon Bauer

Jon Bauer is a Canadian contemporary Christian music (CCM) artist, worship leader, and songwriter from St. Albert, Alberta, Canada. Bauer leads worship, speaks, and performs over 100 concerts around the world each year. Some of his most well-known songs are "Come and Save Us", "Chasing After Me", "Forevermore", "Awaken", "Giver of Grace", "Your Amazing Grace", "Life of Worship", and "Pray". While Jon is a full-time touring artist, he is also an Artist in Residence at his home church of St. Albert Alliance where he returns one weekend each month to lead worship.
Musical career.
Bauer is a Worship Artist who tours full-time throughout the world performing at concerts, churches and schools each week. His songs are sung in churches throughout the world each weekend as well as in school classrooms. Bauer has six albums to his credit. The newest album "Roots of Worship" is a folk-worship sounding album including many of the top 10 songs sung in churches throughout the world. Bauer's previous album"Forevemore" was awarded "2012 Praise and Worship Album of the Year" by the GMA Canada Covenant Awards. It was also nominated by the 2012 Juno Awards for "Contemporary Christian Album of the Year". It also includes three top-10 radio singles in his home country of Canada.
Past TV coverage includes Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN), The Harvest Show, Daystar Television Network, 100 Huntley Street, The Miracle Channel, Living Truth and the TCT Network.
Bauer's worship singles "Awaken" and "Come and Save Us" have been included on the compilation albums for Hosanna Integrity’s Maximum Worship. "Awaken" also appeared in the March 2008 "Worship Leader" Magazine Song Discovery Disc, and "Forevermore" appeared in the July 2010 "Worship Leader" Magazine Song Discovery Disc, distributed to over 35,000 worship leaders.
Awards and recognition.
Independent Music Awards

</doc>
<doc id="9637239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637239" title="Steve Sack">
Steve Sack

Steve Sack (born 1953) is an American cartoonist who won a Pulitzer Prize. With Craig Macintosh he draws the cartoon activity panel "Doodles" and he is editorial cartoonist for the "Minneapolis Star Tribune", where he started in 1981. Both "Doodles" and Sack's editorial cartoons are distributed by Creators Syndicate. 
Life and career.
Sack was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. His newspaper career began while attending the University of Minnesota, where he illustrated features and drew editorial cartoons for the school paper, "The Minnesota Daily". Two years later, he was hired as staff cartoonist for "The Journal Gazette" in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
After three years, Sack returned to Minnesota to join the "Star Tribune". 
He is featured online by Daryl Cagle, another editorial cartoonist, who says:
Sack's interactive became the most popular thing ever on the Cagle website. 
It was introduced in 2000, and caused problems for the web servers because of the high volume of visitors. 
"The Haunted House returned" in 2005.
In his free time, Sack enjoys oil painting. He lives in the Twin Cities with his wife, Beth.

</doc>
<doc id="9637244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637244" title="Saint Mennas">
Saint Mennas

Saint Mennas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9637266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637266" title="Western precinct, Somerset County, New Jersey">
Western precinct, Somerset County, New Jersey

The Western precinct was one of three components of Somerset County, New Jersey, United States, that was created circa 1745 and existed until 1798.
The Western precinct, together with the Eastern precinct and Northern precinct, were created as administrative divisions of Somerset County, while still under British colonial rule.
Portions of the precinct were taken on September 12, 1771, to form Hillsborough Township.
On February 21, 1798, the remaining portions of the Western precinct were taken to form Montgomery Township as one of the first 104 townships created in New Jersey. With the formation of Montgomery Township, Western precinct was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9637286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637286" title="Tripolitanian lira">
Tripolitanian lira

The lira (, plural: "lire") was the military currency of the British zone of occupation (later Mandate Territory) in Libya between 1943 and 1951. It was issued by the "Military Authority in Tripolitania", known popularly as "MAL" and circulated together with the Italian lira at par. This situation reflected that of Italy, where the AM-lira was minted by the United States. The Tripolitanian and the Italian lira were replaced in 1951 by the Libyan pound at a rate of 1 pound = 480 lire.
Paper Money.
No coins were issued for this currency, old Italian coins theorically being still circulating, although heavily devalued. Notes were issued in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 50, 100, 500 and 1000 lire.

</doc>
<doc id="9637310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637310" title="Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft">
Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft

Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft mbH is a German state-owned railway company based in Uelzen, Lower Saxony since December 2005. The company is exclusively for passenger transport and operates the lines Hamburg-Bremen, Hamburg-Uelzen-Hanover-Göttingen, and Hamburg-Cuxhaven. The company brand is often rendered in lower case as "metronom". Train runs in timetables are abbreviated officially "ME" for trains runnig express and "MEr" (Metronom regional) for trains stopping everywhere.
History.
At the end of the 1990s, the three participating States of Germany Lower Saxony, Hamburg and Bremen agreed to replace Regional-Express services on the routes between Hamburg and Bremen and Hamburg-Uelzen operated by DB Regio with their own railway company.
The company was founded in February 2002 under the name of MetroRail. The ownership structure has remained unchanged and consists of three companies that represent the individual states and were based almost exclusively in the public domain. Specifically, these are the NiedersachsenBahn GmbH (69.9%), the BeNEX GmbH (25.1%) and the Bremer Straßenbahn AG (5.0%). The NiedersachsenBahn GmbH acts as an operating company and is a union of the railways Osthannoverschen AG (OHE) (60%), based in Celle and the railways and transport companies Elbe-Weser GmbH (Eisenbahnen und Verkehrsbetriebe Elbe-Weser) (40%) of Zeven.
In autumn 2003, the company was renamed after a dispute with Metro AG and their current name and the logo were adopted. For 14 December 2003 the operation was established on the lines Hamburg-Bremen and Hamburg-Uelzen.
In April 2007, the majority of the OHE was sold, by the state of Lower Saxony, Germany and the DB Regio AG, after a bidding process to the British transport company Arriva Bachstein GmbH, in which the Arriva Germany GmbH is involved with 86%. As a result Arriva indirectly controls 30.7% of the capital of the Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft and so is its largest shareholder.
Metronom doesn't own vehicles or maintenance resources. All locomotives and railway carriages are rented by the state transport company Landesnahverkehrsgesellschaft Niedersachsen (LNVG) and are maintained in the depot of OHE Uelzen by personnel of the manufacturer Bombardier Inc. and the OHE. This depot was built specifically for the maintenance of the metronome-trains and is located in the north of Uelzen, in the so-called Dannenberger Bogen. The maintenance of the trains by the Eisenbahnen und Verkehrsbetriebe Elbe-Weser for the Lower Elbe Railway takes place in Bremervörde, for this the trains are transferred through partly of the route of the former Buxtehude Harsefelder Eisenbahn and partly through the section of the Stade-Bremervörde Moor Express, at the latter three complete units coupled together.
With the monitoring and disposal of its trains, the railway company metronome has also mandated the OHE. From Celle the OHE staff controls around the clock the entire company operations and initiates appropriate measures to stop irregularities (e.g. delays, road closures, personnel failures, vehicle interference).
Overview of current lines.
New since December 2008 from Hamburg to Cuxhaven over Buxtehude - Stade.
Slow Trains Metronom regional between Hamburg and Tostedt with stops in Sprötze, Klecken and Hittfeld on the kb 120 Line. 
From 2010 Metronom will run the slow trains from Hamburg to Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="9637315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637315" title="George Benjamin, Jr.">
George Benjamin, Jr.

George Benjamin, Jr., (April 24, 1919–December 22, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a posthumous recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Philippines campaign of World War II.
Biography.
Benjamin was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and later moved to New Jersey. After graduating from Woodbury High School in Woodbury, New Jersey, he joined the Army from nearby Carneys Point in August 1943.
By December 21, 1944, Benjamin was serving in the Philippines as a private first class with Company A of the 306th Infantry Regiment, 77th Infantry Division. On that day, he was severely wounded while leading an assault against a strongly defended Japanese position on the island of Leyte. After being evacuated to an aid station, he conveyed valuable information regarding the disposition of the Japanese emplacement to his superiors. He died of his wounds the next day. For these actions, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor six months later, on June 28, 1945. He is one of only two Medal of Honor recipients from Gloucester County, New Jersey.
Aged 25 at his death, Benjamin was buried at the Manila American Cemetery and Memorial in the Philippines.
On July 4, 1995 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the end of World War II, a memorial was erected in Woodbury, New Jersey, Benjamin's home town. It was also during this date that the George Benjamin Jr. Memorial 5K was inaugurated.
Medal of Honor citation.
Benjamin, George
"Rank and organization:" Private First Class, U.S. Army, Company A, 306th Infantry, 77th Infantry Division 
"Place and date:" Leyte, Philippine Islands, December 21, 1944 
"Entered service at:" Carneys Point, New Jersey 
"Born:" Philadelphia, PA 
"Citation:"
He was a radio operator, advancing in the rear of his company as it engaged a well-defended Japanese strong point holding up the progress of the entire battalion. When a rifle platoon supporting a light tank hesitated in its advance, he voluntarily and with utter disregard for personal safety left his comparatively secure position and ran across bullet-whipped terrain to the tank, waving and shouting to the men of the platoon to follow. Carrying his bulky radio and armed only with a pistol, he fearlessly penetrated intense machinegun and rifle fire to the enemy position, where he killed 1 of the enemy in a foxhole and moved on to annihilate the crew of a light machinegun. Heedless of the terrific fire now concentrated on him, he continued to spearhead the assault, killing 2 more of the enemy and exhorting the other men to advance, until he fell mortally wounded. After being evacuated to an aid station, his first thought was still of the American advance. Overcoming great pain he called for the battalion operations officer to report the location of enemy weapons and valuable tactical information he had secured in his heroic charge. The unwavering courage, the unswerving devotion to the task at hand, the aggressive leadership of Pfc. Benjamin were a source of great and lasting inspiration to his comrades and were to a great extent responsible for the success of the battalion's mission.

</doc>
<doc id="9637316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637316" title="Lulu Santos">
Lulu Santos

Lulu Santos, stage name of Luiz Maurício Pragana dos Santos (Rio de Janeiro, May 4, 1953) is a Brazilian singer and guitarist.
Career.
Beginning in the progressive band Vímana, Lulu left the band and embarked on a solo career that produced several hits, such as "Tesouros da Juventude" (a tribute to John Lennon, written with Nelson Motta), "De Repente Califórnia", "Tempos modernos", "Adivinha o quê", the smash hit "Como uma Onda (Zen-surfismo)", another Lulu Santos/Nelson Motta partnership and "Um certo alguém". The 1984 album "Tudo Azul" brought the hits "O último romântico" (whose instrumental arrangement was heavely based on George Harrison's song "Greece", from the 1982 album Gone Troppo), "Certas coisas" and the title track.
In 1986, the album "Lulu" had "Casa" and "Um pro outro". "Lulu" sold 250,000 copies. The 1988 album "Toda Forma de Amor" had the optimistic song "A Cura" (with the lyrics "In every port will fly/the old flag of life/In every lighthouse will burn/a glimmer of hope...Strongly defying the notion/That hell is here/There will be/Every race will experience/The cure for all evils". "A Cura" was the most played song in FM radio in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="9637318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637318" title="2004–05 DFB-Pokal">
2004–05 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal is the second-most important national title in German football. The DFB-Pokal 2004–05 was the 62nd season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 20 August 2004 and ended on 28 May 2005. In the final FC Bayern Munich defeated FC Schalke 04 2–1, thereby claiming their twelfth title and completing the double.

</doc>
<doc id="9637332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637332" title="Mucigel">
Mucigel

Mucigel is a slimy substance that covers the rootcap of the roots of plants. It is a highly hydrated polysaccharide, most likely a pectin, which is secreted from the outermost (epidermal) cells of the rootcap. Mucigel is formed in the Golgi bodies of such cells, and is secreted through the process of exocytosis. The layer of microorganism-rich soil surrounding the mucigel is called the rhizosphere.
Mucigel serves several functions, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9637334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637334" title="Eastern precinct, Somerset County, New Jersey">
Eastern precinct, Somerset County, New Jersey

The Eastern precinct was one of three components of Somerset County, New Jersey, United States, that was created circa 1745 and existed until 1798. It was spelled in records as Estering from 1766-1777, and as Eastern from 1780-1797.
The Eastern precinct, together with the Northern precinct and Western precinct, were created as administrative divisions of Somerset County, while still under British colonial rule.
On February 21, 1798, the remaining portions of the Eastern precinct were taken to form Franklin Township as one of the first 104 townships created in New Jersey. With the formation of Franklin Township, Eastern precinct was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9637342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637342" title="Blowing Up Russia">
Blowing Up Russia

Blowing Up Russia: Terror from Within () is a book written by Alexander Litvinenko and Yuri Felshtinsky. The authors alleged that the Russian apartment bombings and other September 1999 terrorist acts were committed by the Federal Security Service. Litvinenko and Felshtinsky wrote that the bombings were a false flag operation intended to justify the Second Chechen War and bring Vladimir Putin to power.
The original Russian language book was published in 2002.
History of writing the book.
According to an interview with Yuri Felshtinsky, he started collecting materials about the Russian apartment bombings in 2001 and did not think that FSB has anything to do with the terrorism acts. He was deeply disturbed after discovering that the bombings were in fact committed by the FSB. He consulted with Viktor Suvorov, a writer and former GRU officer. When asked: "Would you personally blow out the building with innocent people after receiving the order?", Suvorov replied: "Of course I would. That is our job. We always follow the order". Then Felshtinsky contacted Litvinenko who he knew from 1998 and who became a coauthor of the book.
Campaign by Russian government against the book and its authors.
On December 29, 2003, Russian Interior Ministry and FSB units seized 4,376 copies of the book intended for Alexander Podrabinek's Prima news agency. FSB lieutenant Alexander Soima said that the book was confiscated as a material evidence in the criminal case No 218 initiated in June 2003 for disclosing state secrets. Podrabinek was summoned by the FSB on January 28, 2004. He refused to answer the questions. In response to FSB's banning their books, the authors granted the right to print and distribute the books in Russia to "anybody who wishes to do so" free of charge. The confiscated books were kept by the FSB until 2009 and then destroyed because the criminal case against Litvinenko has been officially closed "due to death of the accused".
Lawyer Mikhail Trepashkin said that he warned Litvinenko in 2003 about a menace from FSB confirmed by 2 sources. Trepashkin quoted the words of FSB officer Victor Shebalin saying that everyone who was involved in publication of the book "Blowing up Russia" would be destroyed and that FSB had deployed its 3 agents to Boston to assassinate Yuri Felshtinsky.
Reviews.
Support.
Alexander Goldfarb, the executive director of the Berezovsky-funded International Foundation for Civil Liberties said the book "would haunt Putin the way the image of the killed Tsarevich haunted Boris Godunov."
Oleg Gordievsky, Soviet defector: "For clues as to who wanted Alexander Litvinenko dead, you need look no farther than his book "Blowing Up Russia""
Sunday Times: "A vivid condemnation of the Putin regime"
Neutral.
In a review for "The Independent", Anne Penketh said that the book is "a densely written text" and "(f)or those seeking a reason for the killing of Litvinenko, this book contains the possible motive, although it does not mention the role of Berezovsky — sworn enemy of Putin — in bringing it out in the first place."
Historian Robert Service for "The Guardian": "In 2002 their and Yuri Felshtinsky jointly written book failed to appeal to established publishers in the west. It has taken Litvinenko's murder for the book to appear in this updated edition ... as vivid a condemnation of the Putin regime as has yet been written."
Negative.
Viv Groskop for The Observer wrote, the book focuses on the failed Ryazan bombings "in excruciating, rambling detail", but it fails to describe convincingly the involvement of Russian state security services in organizing the Russian apartment bombings and "lack of transparency makes it difficult to read it as more than conspiracy theory.
Andrew Taylor in reviewing the book for The Spectator wrote the book "is essentially a detailed polemic against Putin and the Kremlin's hardliners in their pursuit of power. Most of it was written before Litvinenko's death and for a Russian readership; it was designed primarily as ammunition for Berezovsky's propaganda war".
Eibhir Mulqueen in The Sunday Business Post wrote, "(t)he dearth of acknowledged sources aside, the presentation of this thesis manages at once to be as monotonous as an official police report, while being polemical in tone."
Film.
In 2001 the documentary film Assassination of Russia (a.k.a. Blowing up Russia) was made on the basis of the book by French producers Jean-Charles Deniau and Charles Gazelle. Yuri Felshtinsky and Alexander Litvinenko worked as consultants for the film. The film was shown on TV in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, but not in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="9637343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637343" title="Concurrent Pascal">
Concurrent Pascal

Concurrent Pascal (also known as PASCAL-FC) was designed by Per Brinch Hansen for writing concurrent computing programs such as 
operating systems and real-time monitoring systems on shared memory 
computers. 
A separate language, Sequential Pascal, is used as the language for applications programs run by the operating
systems written in Concurrent Pascal. Both languages are extensions of Niklaus Wirth's Pascal,
and share a common threaded code interpreter. The following describes how Concurrent Pascal differs from Wirth's Pascal.
Language description.
Several constructs in Pascal were removed from Concurrent Pascal for simplicity and security:
These omissions make it possible to guarantee, by a combination of compile-time checks and minimal run-time checking in the threaded-code interpreter, that a program can not damage itself or another program by addressing outside its allotted space.
Concurrent Pascal includes class, monitor, and process data types. Instances of these types are declared as variables, and initialized in an init statement.
Classes and monitors are similar: both package private variables and procedures with public procedures (called procedure
entries). A class instance can be used by only one process, whereas a monitor instance may be shared by processes. Monitors provide the only mechanism for interprocess communication in a Concurrent Pascal program. 
Only one process can execute within a given monitor instance at a time. A built in data type, the queue, together with operations 
delay and continue, are used for scheduling within monitors. Each variable of type queue can hold a single process; if many processes are to be delayed in a monitor, multiple queue variables, usually organized as an array, must be provided. The single process queue variable gives a monitor complete control over medium-term scheduling, but the programmer is responsible for unblocking the correct process.
A process, like a class or monitor, has local variables, procedures,
and an initial statement, but has no procedure entries. 
The initial statement ordinarily executes forever,
calling local procedures, class procedures,
and monitor procedures.
Processes communicate through monitor procedures. 
Language rules prevent deadlock by imposing a hierarchy on monitors. 
But nothing can prevent a monitor from erroneously
forgetting to unblock a delayed process (by not calling continue)
so the system can still effectively hang up through programming errors.
The configuration of processes, monitors, and classes in a Concurrent 
Pascal program is normally established at the start of execution, 
and is not changed thereafter. 
The communication paths between these components are established
by variables passed in the init statements, since class and 
monitor instance variables cannot be used as procedure parameters.
Example.
The following example shows the declaration of a simple monitor, 
and its use by two communicating processes.

</doc>
<doc id="9637346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637346" title="Craig MacIntosh">
Craig MacIntosh

Craig MacIntosh (born December 28, 1943) is an American cartoonist who, along with Steve Sack, draws the cartoon activity panel "Doodles", which began in 1986 and is distributed by Creators Syndicate. MacIntosh also works on the comic strip "Sally Forth" along with colleague and comics writer Francesco Marciuliano and worked as an editorial cartoonist for the Minneapolis Star Tribune until 1992.
Craig MacIntosh was born in Long Beach, California. in 1943. He grew up in a Navy family and lived on both coasts as a child and considers Honolulu his hometown. He graduated from Radford High School in 1962 and went to University of Illinois, graduating in 1966 with degree in Fine Arts.
Craig was drafted that fall and spent three years in the army, with the last year in Vietnam as a platoon leader. When he returned home, he began work as an editorial cartoonist with the Dayton, Ohio, Journal Herald until 1975.
In 1975, he moved to Minneapolis to become the editorial cartoonist for the evening Minneapolis Star and then continued with the merged Star and Tribune (now Star Tribune). In 1979-80, he created a strip called "Gunnar" for the Star. In 1986, he and Steve Sack joined to create the children’s cartoon feature "Doodles". In 1992, he left the paper to work full-time on the syndicated cartoon strip "Sally Forth", as well as continuing with "Doodles".
Craig is married, with two adult children who live in Minneapolis. He has published two books of drawings of historic buildings in Dayton and Minneapolis. He enjoys working with bronze sculpture and watercolor paintings. Craig was also a high school surf star in Hawaii. He surfed extensively at the hot breaks and was known for his smooth style at Kaiser's Bowl and Number 3's on the south shore, Makaha and on the north shore at famous spots like Haleiwa, Laniakea, and Pipeline. He keeps in close contact with his old surf pals, and once in a while gets in the water. In his free time, he enjoys oil painting.

</doc>
<doc id="9637353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637353" title="Marin Čilić">
Marin Čilić

Marin Čilić (; born 28 September 1988) is a Croatian professional tennis player. His career-high ATP singles ranking is World No. 9, achieved on 22 February 2010. Čilić first came to international prominence by defeating then World No. 2 Andy Murray in the fourth round of the 2009 US Open. He followed this by reaching the semifinals of the 2010 Australian Open, where he was defeated by Murray. Čilić developed his career at a young age; his potential was realized by local hometown coaches who saw him play and encouraged his move to Zagreb for further training. He was soon befriended by his fellow countryman Goran Ivanišević who introduced him to coach Bob Brett. He went on to turn professional in 2005.
Personal life.
Čilić was born and grew up in Međugorje, a town in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He was raised as a Roman Catholic. His father Zdenko was determined that his sons—Marin and older brothers Vinko and Goran—would have the opportunities he lacked in playing sports. When the first tennis courts in the town were built in 1991, Marin and his friends were amongst the first to play on them. At the recommendation of Goran Ivanišević, Čilić moved in 2004 to San Remo, Italy at the age of 15 to work with Ivanišević's former coach Bob Brett.
Čilić is known to support the Italian Serie A side, A.C. Milan.
Tennis career.
Junior circuit (2004–2005).
Marin began playing on the junior ITF circuit in Spring 2004. At the start he played on clay courts, winning the "La Vie Junior Cup Villach" in singles and the "Dutch Junior Open" in doubles. He then qualified for the 2004 US Open, where he lost in the second round to Sam Querrey. In 2005, he won the French Open title in Boy's singles, beating Andy Murray in the semi-final and Antal van der Duim in the final. He finished 2005 ranked number two behind American Donald Young. While on the junior circuit, he won six tournaments in singles and four in doubles with his Canadian partner, Greg Kates.
Before representing Croatia, he represented Bosnia and Herzegovina, his country of origin, as a junior with partner Zachary Rosen.
ATP Tour 2004–2007.
In 2004, he played one Futures event (Croatia F1), at which he reached the second round; he finished the year tied at No. 1463 on the rankings of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP Tour). He played seven Futures tournaments in 2005, winning one, the Croatia F3 event; two Challenger tournaments, in Zagreb and Geneva; and one ATP International Series tournament, on Croatia Open Umag, where he lost in the opening round. He finished the year ranked No. 587.
In 2006, he played three Futures, winning the Croatia F1 and Croatia F2 events. He also played in nine challengers, nine International Series events (reaching the semis at Gstaad), and two Davis Cup ties, against Austria and Argentina. By the end of the year, he was ranked No.170.
In 2007, he won the first and second professional tournaments of his career: the Casablanca Challenger (in April) and the Rijeka Challenger (in May). In June, at the Queen's Club tournament in London, he beat Tim Henman in the first round, after trailing 2–4 in the final set, and reached the quarterfinals, where he fell to Andy Roddick. After that performance, he reached a new career-high ranking of No. 101 on 18 June 2007.
In the World Group playoffs in the first round of the 2007 Davis Cup, he beat Benjamin Becker from Germany. Croatia went on to lose to Germany in the best-out-of-five round robin format of singles and doubles.
2008.
In 2008, he reached the semifinals in the Chennai Open, in both singles and doubles. In the singles, he was defeated by Mikhail Youzhny who went on to win the tournament.
Čilić made it to the fourth round of the Australian Open 2008, taking out two seeds on his way, including 2007 Australian Open finalist Fernando González. James Blake beat him in the fourth round. He had achieved his goal for the year of reaching the top 40. His fourth-round result at the Australian Open put him at no. 39 in the ATP rankings.
Čilić also made it to the fourth round of Wimbledon, beating Jarkko Nieminen in five sets in the second round and knocking out fourteenth seed Paul-Henri Mathieu. He lost in straight sets to Arnaud Clément. At the Canada Masters, he defeated Andy Roddick in reach the quarterfinal stage, giving his best performance in a Masters Series tournament to date. He lost in three sets to Gilles Simon in the quarterfinals.
Čilić played the Pilot Pen Tennis in New Haven, Connecticut, where he won his first ATP title. He defeated Viktor Troicki, Jürgen Melzer, Igor Andreev, and 2007 finalist Mardy Fish in the final.
Čilić, seeded for the first time at a Grand Slam, reached the third round of the US Open, but lost to Novak Djokovic, in a match that lasted almost four hours. Čilić came back from a break down in each of the second, third, and fourth sets. In the first round, he had defeated Julien Benneteau in five sets in a match that lasted more than four hours, winning the deciding set.
2009.
He won his first title of 2009 and second career ATP title in the 2009 Chennai Open, defeating first-time finalist Somdev Devvarman.
He reached the fourth round of the 2009 Australian Open after beating David Ferrer in straight sets, equalling his 2008 record. In the fourth round, he was defeated by Juan Martín del Potro in four sets.
Later in the year, Čilić won the PBZ Zagreb Indoors, defeating compatriot Mario Ančić in the final.
He helped his country defeat Chilean opponents in the Davis Cup first-round tie by winning the opening singles match and joining forces with Mario Ančić to win the doubles rubber.
Čilić reached a career best at the French Open when he beat eighteenth seed Radek Štěpánek in the third round in straight sets. After two competitive sets against the third-seeded Andy Murray, Čilić lost the match.
He reached the second round of the Queen's Club Championships, an ATP World Tour 250 series event, where he was defeated by Nicolas Mahut of France. He beat Alberto Martín to make it into the second round at Wimbledon and won a five-set match (spread over two days) against Sam Querrey. He played another five-set match in the third round against Tommy Haas. He recovered from two sets down, but lost 10–8 in the deciding set, having held a match point.
During the hard-court season, Čilić was defeated in back-to-back events in the first round. At Washington, he was defeated in straight sets by Somdev Devvarman. He then failed to duplicate his quarterfinal appearance in Canada, losing to Mikhail Youzhny. In the 2009 US Open, as 16th seed, he reached the fourth round, after defeating Ryan Sweeting, Jesse Levine, and Denis Istomin. He defeated Levine after being down two sets to love, coming back to win. He then scored the biggest upset of the 2009 US Open with a straight-sets victory over second-seeded Andy Murray in the fourth round. Čilić outclassed Murray by saving all the break points he faced and took advantage of Murray's unforced errors. After the match, he said it was the biggest win of his career to date. However, in the quarterfinals, he lost to the eventual champion Juan Martín del Potro, despite leading by one set and an opening break in the second set.
Following his impressive US Open run, Čilić participated in the 2009 China Open in Beijing as eighth seed. He won his opening match against Russian Igor Andreev, followed by a three-set victory over Frechman Julien Benneteau. In the quarterfinals he defeated fourth seed Nikolay Davydenko, before stunning world no. 2 and top seed (in the tournament) Rafael Nadal in a straightforward win. In the final, Čilić went down to second seed Novak Djoković in straight sets.
He reached the fifth final of his career at the 2009 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy as top seed, however he lost. He received a wild card for the 2009 Davidoff Swiss Indoors, where he finished in the quarterfinals, losing to Radek Štěpánek. His final tournament of the year was the 2009 BNP Paribas Masters. Entered as 12th seed, he came from a set down to defeat Łukasz Kubot, in the second round, and then from a set down again to defeat seventh seed Fernando Verdasco, before coming to a halt in the quarterfinals against eventual finalist Gaël Monfils.
2010.
Čilić won the 2010 Chennai Open final, beating Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland in straight sets.
Seeded 14th at the 2010 Australian Open, he defeated Fabrice Santoro, Bernard Tomic (in five sets), and Stanislas Wawrinka (in four sets). In the fourth round, he faced fourth seed and reigning US Open champion Juan Martín del Potro; it was their third meeting in the past five Grand Slams and the second major in a row where they met (also in the same round the previous year). In a match that lasted more than four and a half hours, Čilić defeated Del Potro, to reach his second quarterfinal appearance at a Grand Slam. In the quarterfinals, he defeated seventh seed Andy Roddick in another five-set victory. In doing so, he became the first Croatian to reach the semifinals at the Australian Open. However, Čilić lost in four sets to Andy Murray, having won the first set. Čilić followed up his Australian campaign by defending his title in Zagreb, defeating Michael Berrer in the final. Čilić achieved a new career-high ranking of no. 9 as a result. Čilić was selected to play singles and doubles partnering with Karlović for the Croatia Davis Cup Team against Ecuador in March 2010. Čilić, seeded eighth, lost in the second round to Guillermo García-López at the 2010 BNP Paribas Open.
At the French Open, Čilić lost to Robin Söderling in the fourth round. Čilić was defeated in the first round of Wimbledon by Florian Mayer.
He reached the semifinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic in Washington, D.C., ending Mardy Fish's 11-match winning streak in the third round. Čilić was defeated by eventual champion David Nalbandian.
At the US Open, Čilić lost to Kei Nishikori in the second round.
2011.
Čilić began the season with a first-round loss to Kei Nishikori in Chennai, failing to defend his title.
At the 2011 Australian Open he progressed to the fourth round, defeating Donald Young, Santiago Giraldo, and then John Isner in a five-set. In the fourth round, he lost to world no. 1 Rafael Nadal.
Next, he went to Zagreb to defend another title. Again, he was unable to do so, falling to Florian Mayer in the quarterfinals.
Čilić played next in Rotterdam and lost to Viktor Troicki in the quarterfinals.
He then played in Marseille, where he was unseeded. He defeated Tomáš Berdych, in the quarterfinals and saved one match point in a comeback win against Mikhail Youzhny. He lost to Robin Söderling in the final.
Čilić played for Croatia in the World Group playoffs in the first round of the 2011 Davis Cup, defeating Florian Mayer in the opening singles rubber. He leveled the tie at 2–2 by defeating Philipp Kohlschreiber in the first reverse singles rubber. However, Germany ultimately won the tie.
Cilic lost in the 1st round of the French Open to Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo and at Wimbledon to his compatriot Ivan Ljubičić.
At Umag, Čilić became the first Croatian man to reach the finals in over 20 years, losing to Alexandr Dolgopolov.
He upset Juan Martín del Potro in the second round of the Rogers Cup and reached the third round of the US Open, losing to Roger Federer.
In ATP 500 in Beijing, he lost the final against world no. 6 Tomáš Berdych in three sets. the next week he was upset by Albert Ramos in the Shanghai Rolex Masters
Cilic won his sixth career title in St Petersburg by defeating world no. 10 Janko Tipsarević in the final. En route to the final, he defeated Sergei Bubka, Somdev Devvarman, Andreas Seppi, and Mikhail Youzhny
2012.
Čilić did not play at the 2012 Australian Open. Cilic did play at Indian Wells. He lost in the 2nd round to David Nalbandian. He was defeated by Juan Martín del Potro in the third round of Miami and the French Open.
In June, Čilić won the Queen's Club Championships in London after his opponent in the final, David Nalbandian, was disqualified in the second set for aggravated behaviour, having kicked the hoarding around a linesman's chair, injuring the linesman.
In the third round of Wimbledon, he beat Sam Querrey 7–6, 6–4, 6–7, 6–7, 17–15 in the second-longest match ever played at Wimbledon in 5 hours and 31 minutes. He subsequently lost to Andy Murray in the following round.
On 11 July 2012, Čilić defeated Daniel Brands of Germany and reached the quarterfinals of Croatia Open.
On 15 July 2012, Čilić became the first home player to win the Croatia Open after 22 years by defeating Marcel Granollers of Spain in the final.
Čilić was seeded 12th at the 2012 US Open, where he matched his 2009 effort in reaching the quarter-finals. He was defeated by the eventual champion Andy Murray despite winning the first set and leading 5-1 in the second set.
2013.
Čilić started his year in Chennai Open, where he lost to Benoît Paire in the quarterfinal. In the 2013 Australian Open he was seeded 12th but was upset in the third round by Andreas Seppi and lost in 5 sets (7-6(2), 3-6, 6-2, 4-6, 2-6).
In the Davis Cup during February, Čilić played for Croatia in the World Group playoffs against Italy, he defeated Paolo Lorenzi in the opening singles rubber. In the first reverse singles, he faced Andreas Seppi whom he lost to earlier in the Australian Open, but this time Cilic prevailed in a straight three-set win (6-3, 6-3, 7-5). However, Italy eventually won the group with a final score of 3:2.
In Zagreb where he won twice in 2009 and 2010, Čilić won for the third time and his ninth career title, defeating Jürgen Melzer in the final. 
Later in the Memphis Indoor, Čilić was top seeded in the event but lost to Kei Nishikori the eventual champion in the quarterfinal.
In March, Čilić played in Indian Wells, lost in the third round to Milos Raonic in three sets (6-3, 4-6, 3-6). In the following Miami, he defeated World No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the fourth round but lost to Andy Murray in the quarterfinal.
In April, Čilić started his clay season in Monte Carlo, he lost to Richard Gasquet in Round 16. In May, Čilić announced he had left his long time coach Bob Brett and will be alone at tournaments for the next few weeks before hiring a new coach. In the French Open, Čilić lost in the third round to Viktor Troicki in straight sets.
In June, Čilić returned to Queen's Club to defend his title. He defeated World No. 6 Tomas Berdych in the quarterfinal, recorded his second Top 10 win of the year, and Lleyton Hewitt in the semifinal. In the final match, he lost to Andy Murray in three sets (7-5, 5-7, 3-6). 
At Wimbledon he had to pull out before his second round match due to a left knee injury where he was scheduled to play Kenny de Schepper of France. However, a month later it was revealed that Čilić had pulled out as he had been informed that he had failed a drugs test in Munich, allegedly for "incautious use of glucose." On 16 September 2013, he received a backdated nine month ban for traces of nikethamide in a urine test. Čilić stated that someone from his team brought Coramine glucose tablets at a pharmacy and as a result the independent tribunal found that he did not intend to enhance his performance. The suspension runs until 1 February 2014 and all prize money and points since the positive test including the Munich tournament are null and forfeited. Cilic appealed against this ban to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, who reduced the ban from nine months to four months on October 25. They stated that, "the degree of fault committed by the athlete was inferior to that established in the (tribunal) decision and the sanction imposed was too severe in view of the degree of fault and concluded that it should be reduced to four months." Čilić, whose ranking had dropped to number 47, received an immediate boost as results at the French Open, Queen's and Wimbledon were reinstated.
2014.
Čilić returned to the tour at Brisbane. He defeated Denis Istomin and Grigor Dimitrov to reach the quarterfinal, where he lost to Kei Nishikori. At the 2014 Australian Open second round, Čilić lost to Gilles Simon in five sets. 
In February, Čilić successfully defended his title at Zagreb without dropping a set, winning his 10th career title. Čilić extended his winning streak at Rotterdam Open. He defeated Lukas Rosol, World No. 10 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, World No. 6 Andy Murray and Igor Sijsling, reaching the second final of the season, where he lost to Tomas Berdych. Čilić continued his excellent form in the following Delray Beach, reaching his third consecutive final of the season, where he defeated Kevin Anderson and won his 11th singles title.
Cilic reach the fourth round of the 2014 Indian Wells Masters, he defeated Paolo Lorenzi and Tommy Robredo to set up clash with Novak Djokovic. However, he lost in match in three sets. His good form came to an end in the 2014 Miami Masters where he lost to Édouard Roger-Vasselin.
Clothing and Equipment.
Čilić plays with the Head YouTek Graphene Instinct Midplus and uses the Luxilon Big Banger Alu Power Tennis strings. He wears Li-Ning apparel since the 2011 season, switching over from Fila.
Career statistics.
Grand Slam singles performance timeline.
"Main article: Marin Čilić career statistics"

</doc>
<doc id="9637363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637363" title="Deblocking filter">
Deblocking filter

A deblocking filter is a video filter applied to decoded compressed video to improve visual quality and prediction performance by smoothing the sharp edges which can form between macroblocks when block coding techniques are used. The filter aims to improve the appearance of decoded pictures. It is a part of the specification for both SMPTE VC-1 codec and ITU H.264 (ISO MPEG-4 AVC) codec.
H.264 deblocking filter.
In contrast with older MPEG-/2/4 standards, the H.264 deblocking filter is not an optional additional feature in the decoder. It is a feature on both the decoding path and on the encoding path, so that the in-loop effects of the filter are taken into account in reference macroblocks used for prediction. When a stream is encoded, the filter strength can be selected, or the filter can be switched off entirely. Otherwise, the filter strength is determined by coding modes of adjacent blocks, quantization step size, and the steepness of the luminance gradient between blocks.
The filter operates on the edges of each 4×4 or 8×8 transform block in the luma and chroma planes of each picture. Each small block's edge is assigned a boundary strength based on whether it is also a macroblock boundary, the coding (intra/inter) of the blocks, whether references (in motion prediction and reference frame choice) differ, and whether it is a luma or chroma edge. Stronger levels of filtering are assigned by this scheme where there is likely to be more distortion. The filter can modify as many as three samples on either side of a given block edge (in the case where an edge is a luma edge that lies between different macroblocks and at least one of them is intra coded). In most cases it can modify one or two samples on either side of the edge (depending on the quantization step size, the tuning of the filter strength by the encoder, the result of an edge detection test, and other factors).
H.263 Annex J deblocking filter.
Although the concept of an "in loop" deblocking filter is best known in relation to H.264, it was actually also standardized earlier (in a somewhat different form) in the H.263v2 Annex J.
Deblocking filters as post-processors.
Prior to H.263 Annex J and H.264, the use of a deblocking filter as a post-processing technique to improve the visual quality of decoded pictures was already a well-known technology. This was particularly true in the video conferencing industry, where the low bit rates used tended to produce significant blocking artifacts that could be substantially reduced by such a filter.

</doc>
<doc id="9637370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637370" title="Grazi Massafera">
Grazi Massafera

Grazielli "Grazi" Massafera (born June 28, 1982 in Jacarezinho, Paraná, Brazil) is a Brazilian former model and TV actress.
In 2004, Massafera won the Miss Paraná Beauty pageant contest, and represented the state in that year's Miss Brasil contest. She finished third, which earned her the title of "Miss Brasil Internacional", and gave her entry into the Miss International contest, held annually in the China. In the international pageant, "Grazi" (as she is commonly known) did not reach the semi-finals.
Big Brother.
In 2005, she took part in the fifth season of the Brazilian version of the reality show Big Brother, known as Big Brother Brasil (BBB). The season was the most-watched season ever. Grazi ended in second, with 40% of the votes.
After BBB.
Grazi became the second Big Brother contestant to become a celebrity (the first one being Sabrina Sato). After the show, she ended up on covers of magazines, had several commercial deals and appeared in events. Commercial deals and magazine cover pictures continued, even after the next Big Brother started.
Right after the show, Grazi signed a 1-year contract with Globo, Brazil's most powerful television channel. To take advantage of her popularity with the audience, she was given a slot as a reporter on "Caldeirão do Huck" and plans were made for her to become a children's show host on the style of Xuxa.
She also posed nude for Brazilian Playboy in the August 2005 issue. Grazi was one of their highest-paid stars to pose in Playboy. The issue sold twice what a typical edition would sell and was the best-selling cover of 2005.
Acting.
She started acting classes at Globo acting department. Her first starring role was Renato Aragão 2005 movie: Didi, o Caçador de Tesouros. Renato Aragão (Didi) releases a family movie annually.
At the beginning of 2006 it was revealed that Massafera would get a part in Manuel Carlos next soap, which was an important deal since his soaps are usually the most-watched shows in the country. Initially, she only had a small role on the Rede Globo soap opera, Páginas da Vida, which during its airing was the #1 show on Brazilian television, achieving record ratings. However, due to her popularity, her part was expanded, and eventually became one of the main characters of the soap. Her acting was acclaimed by the press and the public alike and she became one of the biggest celebrities in the country. For her acting, she received a Prêmio Contigo as best newcomer and a Prêmio de Imprensa as personality of the year.
Her May 2007 cover of "Boa Forma" magazine was her 134th cover since 2005.
She participated in the parade of one of the most prestigious Samba schools in Rio Carnival in the 2007 carnival. In Easter she played Maria in the theatrical version of "The Passion of Christ".
Soon after, Massafera visited Portugal where she was also very popular because of her role in Páginas da Vida and shot commercials.
From 2007 to 2008 Massafera starred in the soap Desejo Proibido. In 2008 she was crowned queen of the Copacabana Palace carnival. In 2008 she was given her first starring main role in a soap, "Negócio da China".

</doc>
<doc id="9637386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637386" title="Bo Yikao">
Bo Yikao

Bo Yikao was the oldest son of King Wen of Zhou and the elder brother of King Wu, the founder of the Zhou dynasty of ancient China.
As a member of the Zhou royal house, his family name was Ji. "Bo" refers to his status as the oldest son of his father. "Yikao" may have been his personal name or a posthumous name used for ritual purposes.
It is known that he did not inherit his father's realm along the Wei River. Based on later Chinese inheritance laws and legends, it is typically thought that he predeceased his father. Stories such as the "Fengshen Yanyi" lay the guilt upon King Zhou, the last king of the Shang dynasty, and the traditional account of his death was taken by later Chinese jurists as the first instance of "lingchi" (the "death by a thousand cuts"). However, passages in the "Book of Rites" and the "Masters of Huainan" assume that King Wu's inheritance simply represented an aberration or even an older tradition among the Zhou of passing over the eldest son. (In traditional accounts, Bo Yikao's granduncle Taibo of Wu had likewise been passed over in favor of a younger son.)
In fiction.
In the "Fengshen Yanyi", Bo Yikao is the oldest and most outstanding son of Ji Chang, the "Duke of the West" of the Shang dynasty. He is well versed in music and the arts, handsome, and filial. The book recounts the story of Chang's imprisonment at Youli and (ahistorically) credits Yikao with bringing the bribes to free him. At his audience, King Zhou's concubine Daji finds Yikao attractive and has the king employ him to teach her how to play the zither. During a lesson, Daji attempts to seduce the boy but he rejects and ridicules her. Daji's infatuation turns to hatred: she complains to the king that Yikao molested her and insulted the king in his music. King Zhou is furious and he orders Yikao to be executed, minced into pieces, and made into meat cakes. The king then sends the cakes to Ji Chang. Ji Chang's mastery of divination means he has already foreseen his son's fate but, in order not to arouse the king's suspicion, he consumes the cakes. Thinking his divination incompetent, the king then allows the duke to leave. On the way home, Ji Chang vomits out the meat and the cakes transform into three white rabbits, which are later brought under the care of the moon goddess Chang'e.

</doc>
<doc id="9637391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637391" title="Jorge Gaggero">
Jorge Gaggero

Jorge Gaggero is an Argentinian film director, and screenwriter.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9637401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637401" title="Santa Maria dell'Anima">
Santa Maria dell'Anima

Santa Maria dell'Anima () is a Roman Catholic church in central Rome, Italy, just west of the Piazza Navona and near the Santa Maria della Pace church. It was founded during the course of the 14th century by Dutch merchants, who at that time belonged to the Holy Roman Empire. In the course of the 15th century, it became the national church of the whole Holy Roman Empire in Rome and henceforth the national church of Germany and hospice of German-speaking people in Rome.
According to tradition, the church received its name, from the picture of Our Lady which forms its coat of arms (the Blessed Virgin between two souls). Among the artworks housed inside is the "Holy Family" by Giulio Romano. It is the resting place of the Dutch Pope Adrian VI as well as of Cardinals William of Enckenvoirt and Andrew of Austria.
History.
14th and 15th century.
Santa Maria dell'Anima is one of the many medieval charity institutions built for pilgrims in Rome. The church found its origin in 1350, when Johannes (Jan) and Katharina Peters of Dordrecht bought three houses and turned it into a private hospice for pilgrims, at the occasion of the Jubilee of 1350. Jan Peters may have been a Dutch merchant or papal soldier; Dordrecht belonged to a region which later became independent as the Netherlands. They named the hospice "Beatae Mariae Animarum" ("Saint Mary of the Souls"). It was erected on its present site in 1386. In the 15th century Santa Maria dell'Anima expanded to be a hostel for visitors from the entire Holy Roman Empire, though initially the occupants were primarily from the Low Countries and (from the middle 15th century) the Rhineland.
The foundation of the hospice was confirmed by the bull of Pope Boniface IX on 9 November 1399, which granted it indulgences. In 1406, it was raised to the rank of a national institution and united with a Brotherhood governed by Provisors and a Congregation. On May 21, 1406 Pope Innocent VII in his bull " Piae Postulatio" declared the hospice exempted it from all but papal jurisdiction, and took it under his immediate protection. In 1418, it was greatly enriched by the legacy of its second founder, Diedrich of Niem.
The Popes of the fifteenth century, with the exception of Pope Sixtus IV, showed it great favor. In 1431 a church was built on the place of the hospice's chapel (consecrated by Pope Eugene IV in 1444) and the community was united with the German hospice of St. Andrew which had been founded in 1372 by the priest Nicholas of Kulm. During the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries Santa Maria dell'Anima became the national and religious centre as well as burial place in Rome of the Holy Roman Empire.
16th-17th century.
Johann Burchard from Strasbourg joined the Confraternity of Santa Maria dell'Anima and rose to be its provost at the end of the 15th century. While he held this office, the decision was made to rebuild the church for the Jubilee of 1500. The present church which owes its Renaissance style to the influence of Bramante, was built by German subscriptions, between 1499 and 1522. It stands on the site of the older church, built between 1431 and 1499, and was decorated by the great artists of the period.
The church was built in the style of a hall church that was typical for Northern Europe, but which sits awkwardly amid the Italianate churches of Rome. Andrea Sansovino was retained as architect. The facade was completed by Giuliano da Sangallo. The new church was consecrated only on Nov 25 1542.
18th-20th century.
During the Napoleonic occupation, the church was plundered and the sacristy used as a horse stable. In 1844, the (new) Belgian community moved to the Church of St. Julian of the Flemings. In 1859, under the influence of the era's nationalism, the Confraternity was transformed to a German seminary and renamed the "Collegio Teutonico di Santa Maria dell'Anima". Dutch Catholics retained the "Anima" as their national church, but after extended conflicts left it in 1939 (since 1992 the San Michele dei Frisoni near the Vatican has taken that role).
Interior.
Among the artistic treasures of the church are (in chronological order):
An internal courtyard houses some ancient findings.
Sources.
This article contains public domain text from the article 

</doc>
<doc id="9637406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637406" title="Benevolent Society">
Benevolent Society

The Benevolent Society, founded by Edward Smith Hall in 1813, is Australia's first charity. It is an independent, non-religious, non-profit organization which aims to help people overcome barriers preventing them from participating fully in society. Many of today's essential social services in Australia were pioneered by The Benevolent Society and since its earliest days it has advocated progressive, positive social change, and this legacy informs their work today. 
The organisation delivers 145 services from 63 locations across NSW, Queensland, Victoria and the Northern Territory. It has a staff of 900, plus a volunteer force of about 800 people, who work together to support more than 41,000 people each year. More than 700 people and 200 organisations participate in The Benevolent Society's community development projects and more than 500 people from business, government and non-profit organisations have taken part in their Social Leadership Australia programs. The current CEO is Anne Hollonds, and the President is Lisa Chung. 
200 years celebration.
In 2013 The Benevolent Society celebrated 200 years of bringing about lasting social change in
Australia through building strong families and healthy communities. The organisation has operated successfully for 200 years, a significant achievement for a charity.
Services.
The Benevolent Society meets the specific needs of individual people through direct support services, and also works with whole communities, connecting people across gender, age and cultural divides to create a renewed sense of optimism and belonging. Their programs and services are broadly grouped under five core areas of expertise:
Leadership.
Social Leadership Australia (SLA) established by The Benevolent Society in 1998, designs and delivers a suite of leadership development programs that develop the capacity of individuals, organisations and communities to create lasting, positive change on entrenched issues. They offer three open programs for individuals including Sydney Leadership, Queensland Leadership and a four day Introduction to Adaptive Leadership intensive. They also work with organisations to develop and deliver customised programs to build internal leadership capacity. All their programs are based on an Adaptive Leadership approach developed by Professor Ron Heifetz at Harvard University. Adaptive leadership is about addressing systemic issues and is based on the understanding that any leader seeking to change others must also be prepared to change themselves. 
History.
On 8 May 1813 Edward Smith Hall, with five other gentlemen formed what was initially known as ‘the New South Wales Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and Benevolence’ – the first organisation dedicated to doing universal good in Australia, and the humble beginnings of the organisation today known as The Benevolent Society. 
Edward Smith Hall also helped establish the Bank of New South Wales - Australia’s first bank, founded in 1816, now known as Westpac; and its first non-government newspaper, "The Monitor", first published in 1826. 
Timeline
See also.
Richard Hill (clergyman)

</doc>
<doc id="9637411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637411" title="Grand Avenue Village Association">
Grand Avenue Village Association

The Grand Avenue Village Association (GAVA) is a membership based, non-profit organization composed primarily of local merchants along Grand Avenue, in the Fair Haven neighborhood of New Haven, Connecticut. GAVA was created in 1999 by a group of merchants with support from the City of New Haven.
Purpose.
GAVA's mission is primarily to improve the business climate of the Fair Haven neighborhood, improve the public perception of commercial opportunities, and assist merchants in increasing capacity and generating profit.
Membership.
GAVA is a very “hands on”, on-the-street organization, which spends considerable time interacting with its membership, providing direct assistance and networking. Its membership comprises sixty-five companies, with a core group of six representatives serving on its executive board. Retailers and restaurants make up the majority of members, with service firms, contractors and wholesalers also represented.
Local impact.
The impact that GAVA has had on the Fair Haven community and local businesses since its inception has been considerable. For example, GAVA has successfully held community clean-ups, which are now held on a monthly basis. The organization has provided technical assistance, access to business planning and financing to small businesses. It has also been instrumental in the development and architectural planning to the Grand Avenue commercial corridor.
GAVA also continues to support and host events in the International Arts & Ideas Festival, a popular annual festival held each July in New Haven, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="9637440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637440" title="Deering Island Bridge">
Deering Island Bridge

Deering Island Bridge is a short bridge in Vancouver, British Columbia connecting the city with Deering Island, a small residential community. It crosses the Fraser River. This is the only road connecting Deering Island to the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9637470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637470" title="History of Clark Air Base">
History of Clark Air Base

The history of Clark Air Base, Philippines dates back to the late 19th century when it was settled by Filipino military forces. The United States established a presence at the turn of the century.
The Americans first come to Angeles.
On March 17, 1899, General Aguinaldo moved the seat of his government from Nueva Ecija to the town of Angeles, which lay astride the Manila-Dagupan Railroad, and there celebrated the first anniversary of the Philippine Republic, on June 12, 1899. The Republican government remained hard-pressed by the American advance, and in July, Aguinaldo moved his government again, this time, to the town of Tarlac, further to the north.
The battle for Angeles began on August 13, 1899 and lasted for three days. Opposing the U.S. Army's VIII Corps, commanded by Major General Arthur MacArthur, were Philippine forces under the command of Brigadier General Maximino Hizon, Servillano Aquino, Pio del Pilar, Venancio Concepcion, and Tomas Mascardo. The fighting was fierce and bloody and even though Colonel Alberto San Miguel and a General Makabulos brought fresh reinforcements, the Filipinos finally had to withdraw. They took up positions on the Mabalacat side of the Abacan River and remained there until November 5, when American cavalry flanking movements rendered these positions untenable. After a final day-long bloody engagement on the 5th, Filipino forces withdrew to the north. Meanwhile, American forces already had taken possession of Angeles.
Initially, the American occupation of Angeles was considered temporary, and the troops lived in tents, temporary shelters, or within the town itself. From mid-August until the final action on November 5, 1899, war-time conditions existed because Aguinaldo's rear guard forces held positions just across the Abacan River.
Beginnings: the 1910s.
American air power in the Western Pacific began in March 1912 when Lieutenant Frank Lahm established the Philippine Air School with one aircraft. Five years later, construction of the first five of eight hangars would begin. The final three hangars would be completed by the 3d Aero Squadron in 1919.
The 3d Aero Squadron was Clark Field's first aviation unit. It later became the 3d Tactical Fighter Squadron of the 3d Tactical Fighter Wing and was also stationed at Clark Air Base. With the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991, the 3d Tactical Fighter Wing was inactivated and is now the United States Air Force's 3d Wing, the host wing for Elmendorf Air Force Base in Alaska.
Men of the 3d Aero Squadron of the U.S. Army, began the grueling work of building the first runway at Fort Stotsenburg in 1919. This airfield would be named after Major Harold M. Clark; when completed Clark Field became the only American airdrome west of Hawaii.
The fledgling U.S. Army Air Corps was forced to use a variety of aircraft from different sources to keep its units up to strength. Around 1920, World War I SPAD S.VIIs of French manufacture were deployed to Clark Field.
Housing on base.
The first airmen at Clark Field constructed their "dormitories" in September 1919. The 20-man tents were put up under a canopy of cogon grass, which cooled the interiors. By 1920, a 200-bed capacity single enlisted quarters with natural air-conditioning provided by large, unscreened windows had replaced the 3d Aero Squadron's original tents.
After the establishment of Clark Field, new family and bachelor officers quarters were needed. In 1920, construction of eight "barns" were completed near what is now the intersection of Dau Avenue and Marrat Highway.
The 1920s.
It was in the 1920s that the Martin MB-2 biplane was introduced and subsequently extensively used for Clark Field operations. The U.S. Army Air Service contingent in the Philippines consisted of the 28th Bombardment and 3rd Pursuit Squadrons, forming the 4th Composite Group.
In the 1920s the 2nd Battalion of the 24th Field Artillery Regiment was activated and regularly went to Camp O'Donnell for target practice or to Lingayen, Pangasinan for maneuvers with all U.S. forces based on Luzon. This regiment was composed of Philippine Scouts who were led by officers derived from the Regular Army or from the ranks of Filipino officers who had attended West Point.
The 1930s.
Martin B-10s were stationed at Clark Field with the 28th Bombardment Squadron in the late 1930s. When the 28th received new B-17s, three of these very outmoded B-10s were transferred to the Philippine Army Air Corps.
World War II: the 1940s.
Japanese attack.
On December 8, 1941, the US Far East Air Force consisted of the 19th Bombardment Group (Heavy) under Colonel Eugene L. Eubank at Clark and the 24th Pursuit Group under Colonel Orrin L. Glover, also at Clark. The 19th had 
The total number of available military airplanes at that moment was over 142 aircraft (not counting the O-46s and O-52s). Within a few hours, despite heroic efforts, almost all of these aircraft, with the exception of the ones deployed to Mindanao, were gone.
Following the Japanese air attacks on Clark Field and other military areas in the Philippines on December 8, 1941, and the subsequent landing of Japanese ground forces on Luzon, General Douglas MacArthur activated War Plan Orange. This plan called for the gradual withdrawal of American and Philippine forces south past several defensive positions (one of which ran through Tarlac, just north of Clark) to the Bataan Peninsula, where they could await reinforcements from Hawaii and the U.S. The defense of Bataan in the face of vastly overwhelming numbers and terrible battle conditions proved beyond a doubt the capabilities of the untested Allied forces. At one point during this period in early 1942, Philippine Brigadier General Vicente Lim established his headquarters in a pigpen.
After the collapse of American/Filipino defense lines on Bataan and the decisions to declare Manila an open city to end the defense of Corregidor, American and Filipino prisoners of war were marched at gunpoint back up the Bataan Peninsula to San Fernando, Pampanga, about 11 miles south of Fort Stotsenburg. Here, they were jammed into railroad box cars and taken to Camp O'Donnell, near Capas, Tarlac, about 15 miles north of Fort Stotsenburg.
Bataan Death March.
"For more details, see Bataan Death March"
Thousands of Filipino soldiers and hundreds of American soldiers died of their wounds on the infamous Bataan Death March. Others were brutally murdered by Japanese troops (many of whom were actually from the Japanese colony of Korea) when they could not keep up with the pace. The men of the Bataan Death March passed by the main gate of Clark Air Base, as the soldiers followed the direction of the railway tracks north. Later, following their initial incarceration at Camp O'Donnell, most American POWs were moved to Cabanatuan, while their Filipino comrades remained at Camp O'Donnell.
Some of the American prisoners who were interred at Camp O'Donnell were sent to Fort Stotsenburg and were forced to perform menial labor for their Japanese conquerors. These prisoners were considered the lucky ones as the others who remained in O'Donnell or Cabanatuan were moved aboard freighters to Japanese slave labor camps in the home islands. The Japanese refused to mark these vessels with the appropriate insignia, and many of them fell victim to American submarines, whose crews had no idea that the enemy ships they sent to the bottom carried fellow Americans aboard.
(See also Hell ships).
Boyd D. "Buzz" Wagner.
While flying a reconnaissance mission out of Clark, Captain Wagner was jumped by two Japanese Zeroes over Northern Luzon. As a trained aeronautical engineer, he knew a great deal about the performance characteristics of the P-40, and used this knowledge to good advantage.
With the Zeroes in pursuit, Captain Wagner suddenly throttled back, letting the surprised enemy fly over his head. Then he poured machine gun bullets into their tails, Turning back, the young Captain strafed a Japanese airfield leaving five of the 12 aircraft on the runway in flames.
Wagner High School and Wagner Middle School were named for Captain Wagner, who offered Americans a rare "bright" spot in the otherwise bleak news they were receiving about the defense of the Philippines.
Meyer S. Levin.
In 1955, for the first time at Clark, a building was named for an enlisted man: the Meyer Levin Gymnasium on Dau Avenue, just east of the Parade Ground.
Meyer Levin's father was a poor immigrant tailor who moved his family from Rochester, New York to Brooklyn in 1929. Meyer dreamed of becoming an aviator, but his way was blocked by his family's financial situation during the Great Depression. Instead, Meyer went to the Bedford YMCA night school and after graduation, he enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps.
Becoming a bombardier, Levin flew with Captain Colin Kelly during the days immediately after the December 8 Japanese attack on Clark Field, and miraculously escaped death in the ill-fated flight that claimed Captain Kelly's life. His heroic actions continued to earn him medals and recognition, and by early 1943, he had been promoted to Master Sergeant. Meyer Levin's last mission took place on January 7, 1943. Assigned with AAC forces in Australia, he volunteered for a bombing mission against an approaching Japanese convoy. The bomber crew soon located the convoy, but decided to wait for additional aircraft to arrive before initiating the attack. As the big aircraft continued to follow the ships, the weather became worse and fuel ran low. Eventually, the crew made the hard decision to ditch the bomber in the water. As the word passed, each man adjusted his parachute and bailed out. Not Meyer Levin: he remained aboard the plane and according to survivors' reports, prepared and dropped the life raft that saved their lives. Master Sergeant Levin did not survive the crash. M/Sgt Meyer Levin of the 64th Bomber Squadron/43rd Bomb Group {Heavy} is listed on the tablets of the missing at Manila National Cemetery. Awards are Distinguished Flying Cross (United States); Silver Star with 2 oak leaf clusters; Purple Heart.
Lily Hill.
The origin of this name probably derives from the word for "lost" ("lili") in the Kapampangan language. The name appeared first on an 1898 map and is appropriate, because the hill does stand apart from other mountains and hills in the area. From 1903 to 1942, the American forces used Lily Hill primarily as an observation point and the Japanese followed suit when they occupied Clark. During the American attack on Clark, tunnels were dug beneath its surface and it was from this point that the Japanese made their final defense. After World War II, the USAF established it first aircraft warning and control unit which remained on its summit, until relocated to Wallace Air Station at Poro Point on the Lingayen Gulf coast in December 1962. In 1955, the underbrush on Lily Hill was burned back, revealing the remains of two Japanese aircraft and many smaller artifacts attesting to Japan's strong defense of Clark.
Birthplace of the "Kamikaze".
A marker, naming the birthplace of the "Kamikaze" is located two miles north of the town of Mabalacat on MacArthur Highway, along Clark's eastern perimeter. During the war, the American liberators thought that these suicide planes were flying from Northern Luzon, but in their postwar interrogations, Japanese airmen insisted that the attacks had originated at Clark Field. This fact subsequently was confirmed: two "Kamikaze" pilots had flown circuitous routes to avoid U.S. fighter patrols, and thus had left the impression that the attacks came from Northern Luzon.
During the course of the American liberation of the Philippines, the Japanese conducted extensive counter air operations from Clark Field. Japanese "Kamikaze" pilots also operated from an airstrip just north of Clark, near Mabalacat, Pampanga, against allied shipping. During the liberation of the Philippines, Americans extensively bombed Clark, thus, for the second time in only a few years, the base came under heavy attack.
Post-war investigations revealed that from the beginning of Allied air attacks on Clark, Nichols, and Nielson fields in October 1944 until February 1945, 1,505 Japanese aircraft were put out of action on the ground. At Clark, the heavy bomber attacks had caused the Japanese to disperse repair shops, storage areas, and maintenance units, scattering them as far as Bamban. Sometimes, parts were hidden or even buried, often becoming inaccessible later. One captured Japanese aircraft needed only one of the carburetors buried at Mabalacat to be ready for flight. In fact, when Allied troops captured Mabalacat, they found over 200 aircraft engines, some of which had never been uncrated.
201st Fighter Squadron, Fuerza Aérea Expedicionária Mexicana.
During World War II, the U.S. Army Air Corps undertook the training of several contingents of personnel from many Central and South American nations. Brazil provided the largest of these contingents, with Mexico in second place. The P-47 Thunderbolt-equipped 201st Fighter Squadron of the Fuerza Aérea Expedicionária Mexicana arrived in the Philippines in early 1945 and participated in the Luzon Campaign, as well as in subsequent operations against Formosa.
Reconstruction: late-1940s and 1950s.
Post World War II, Clark Field saw a building boom, with barracks, operations, and storage buildings being constructed at a breakneck pace. Constructed during this period were "liberation barracks", which housed enlisted men, a base operations building, a post office building, an outdoor movie theater, the NCO Open Mess, and the Clark AB golf course, once one of the finest golf courses on any U.S. military installation in the world, and the renovation of the Officers' Restaurant and the Clark Air Base Officers' Open Mess (CABOOM). Religious facilities would also be constructed.
's Base Headquarters was nicknamed "The Little Pentagon" because it consisted of five long quonset huts radiating out from a central area. It was built on Henry Avenue at the east end of the Parade Ground in 1947 as administrative offices on the site of the original 217-bed Post Hospital, which dated back to September 1903. Behind the hospital was an open field used for horse grazing, troop drills, and cavalry practice. Old houses still in the area were used as doctors' quarters. On the site of the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company office, were the nurses' quarters. During the Japanese occupation, the old hospital was used both as a dispensary and barracks. Soldiers heated water for bathing in the big steel drums directly in front of the building. Doctors and their families occupied the barns that clustered around the hospital. With the adoption of the 1979 amended Military Bases Agreement and the establishment of Philippine sovereignty over Clark AB, Base Headquarters was moved to the Clark Air Base Compound Building at the intersection of Bong and Dyess Highways. In 1986, workers began demolishing the Pentagon to make for a new Combat Support Group Headquarters Building.
At the end of World War II, Clark Field, like so many other American bases in the Western Pacific, became a dumping ground for battle-damaged equipment. Clark was a major dumping ground for P-38 "Lightnings", the mainstay of the Allied air forces in the Pacific. After being stripped of all usable material, these aircraft were simply pushed into giant pits and covered with dirt. Such "boneyards" exist at several locations on Clark and occasionally, new construction efforts result in the rediscovery of one or more of these almost completely decomposed aircraft and equipment.
Although the Sixth Army's 37th Infantry Division declared that Clark Field and Fort Stotsenburg had been "liberated" on January 31, 1945, remnants of Japanese forces hiding in the Zambales foothills west of the field could still do some damage.
From the Army to the Air Force.
Clark Field remained an Army Air Base until May 1949, when its facilities were transferred to the U.S. Air Force. Prior to this a build-up of aircraft, air wings and maintenance facilities were already being staged at Clark. On August 14, 1948, the 18th Fighter Wing was organized at Clark.
In the early 1950s a larger, more modern facility located along O'Leary Avenue, near its intersection with Dyess Highway, was constructed to house the Clark Base Exchange. This structure last housed the Philippine Area Exchange Arcade, a conglomeration of conessionaire businesses.
The Silver Wing Recreation Center, constructed in 1949, provides a host of activities for assigned personnel and their dependents, including tours, musical instruction, chess, card, and billiard tournaments. The base telegraph office also occupied space in this large building.
Named for Lieutenant Colin P. Kelly, a B-17 pilot who was killed in action against the Japanese during the air defense of the Philippines, this theater opened in 1953. It served as one of the two auditoria/theaters on Clark, with the other being the Bobbitt theater near the Main Base Exchange. Kelly Theater was located just off Dau Avenue, adjacent to the Kelly Cafeteria.
The Airmen's Open mess was established in Building 5721 on Bong Highway in 1954. Initially known as the "Lower 4 Club" (referring to the rank), this facility later received the name "Coconut Grove".
This large stadium, which is to the southwest of the "main base", was completed in 1955. The bowl originally was named Sebille Stadium in honor of Major Louis J. Sebille, a Medal of Honor recipient, who was killed in action in Korea on August 5, 1950. Since the designation was never made official, the facility was later renamed. While it has played host to numerous sporting and entertainment events, the Bamboo Bowl's "shining hour" came in the spring of 1975, when it and its grounds served as the site for the massive tent city that supported Operations "New Life" and "Babylift." In 1986, to honor the memory of the seven astronauts who perished aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger, the stadium was renamed "Challenger Field."
Clark Veterans Cemetery.
A cemetery for American veterans and Filipino workers was established near the front gate of Clark Base in 1900. The cemetery is undergoing restoration and remains active.
Expansion.
In 1960, the USAF began construction of a new modern Regional Medical Facility at Clark. The new 200-bed Clark AB Hospital/Regional Medical Center was completed in April 1964 at a cost of $4.5 million. The new hospital occupied the same site (off Dyess Highway near its intersection with O'Leary Avenue) that had been in use for this purpose for some time. The original Fort Stotsenburg hospital had been located at the east end of the Parade Ground, on the site now occupied by the Headquarters Building for the 3d Combat Support Group. There has been much speculation regarding paranormal activity at this site, spurred on partially by an appearance in the SyFy reality series "Ghost Hunters".
As the U.S. became more deeply involved in the war in Southeast Asia, Clark's role as a supporting base became more important and more people were assigned than could be housed in existing permanent quarters. Even new dormitories proved insufficient to meet the influx and so "temporary" housing once again came to Clark.
Prior to the construction of this facility in 1966, transient officers were billeted in quonset huts in the library area and Bachelor Officers Quarters were located in the Hill area. Chambers Hall, which was named for Captain Samuel "Bud" P. Chambers III, who was killed in action while making an approach to Tan Son Nhut, Vietnam, on June 29, 1965, is located on Bong Highway, just to the west of the Base Library and to the north of the Parade Ground. It contains 30 apartments for bachelor officers and 294 rooms for transients. As large as this facility is, during Thirteenth Air Force operations, such as its periodic Cope Thunder training exercises, many transients have to be billeted in contracted hotels off-base.
The nerve center for Clark's flying operations was the Base Operations Building. This was opened in 1968 and replaced an earlier structure located in the same area.
Meanwhile, the 3d Tactical Fighter Wing (which had previously been at Bien Hoa Air Base, Vietnam) moved to Clark Air Base on September 16, 1974 and became the base's host unit, replacing the 405th Tactical Fighter Wing. The 3d Tactical Fighter Wing had inherited the lineage and honors of the 3d Bomb Group, formed in July 1919, when that unit was inactivated. One of its squadrons, the 3d Tactical Fighter Squadron, was the first to be assigned to Clark during the interwar years as the 3d Aero Squadron and later the 3d Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor). The 3d Pursuit participated in the vain attempt to defend against the Japanese air attacks of December 8, 1941, accounting for almost all of the enemy aircraft downed by American fighter planes during that engagement.
Confrontation.
Following several late-night violent attacks against American personnel by Filipino citizens during the late summer of 1968, the Base Commander, Colonel Ernest P. Pate established a curfew. The city government of Angeles City retaliated by declaring the entire city off-limits to U.S. personnel, and the situation deteriorated from there. The events culminated in a series of demonstrations against the base by Filipino nationals, with the major outburst occurring on October 4, 1968. Fortunately, this confrontation marked the high-tide of feelings on both sides and relations quickly returned to normal.
Vietnam War and Its aftermath.
Operation Homecoming.
Shortly after his election as U.S. President in 1968, Richard M. Nixon began the long process of negotiating an end to the conflict in Southeast Asia. At the same time, the number of American forces in SEA was gradually reduced in favor of what came to be known as "Vietnamization" of that conflict. Under this policy, the U.S. continued to provide diplomatic, financial, and logistical support to Southeast Asian non-communist governments, but to lessen correspondingly the active roles of its own armed forces in those nations. One of the most pressing U.S. demands was for a full North Vietnamese release of American POWs and an accurate accounting of U.S. servicemen missing or killed in action. Late in 1972, a basic North Vietnamese/American agreement was reached and planning for the repatriation of U.S. POWs initiated. As the major staging base for the American involvement in SEA, it was only natural that U.S. officials designated Clark Air Base as the initial point to which the POWs could return from Hanoi.
The first group of returnees from Vietnam arrived at Clark at approximately 1615 hours, February 12, 1973. On hand to greet them at planeside were Admiral Noel Gayler, Commander-in-Chief of the Pacific Command; Lieutenant General William G. Moore, Thirteenth Air Force Commander; and Air Force Senior Master Sergeant Homer E. Henderson, Joint Information Bureau Assistant Non-commissioned Officer-in-Charge.
On April 6, 1975, the Clark Air Base Peace Garden was dedicated to the memory of those who died or were declared "missing in action" in Southeast Asia.
Clark becomes a Philippine base.
From 1902 to 1979, Fort Stotsenburg/Clark AB remained U.S. possessions, guaranteed by the Military Bases Agreement (MBA) signed by the U.S. and the Republic of the Philippines on March 14, 1947. During 1978, following negotiations that had lasted on and off since the early 1970s, the two governments agreed to establish Philippine sovereignty over former American bases in the country and thus the Clark Air Base Command of the Armed Forces of the Philippines came into being, following the signing of a revised MBA on January 7, 1979. To commemorate this event, the Philippine government constructed an arch based upon the design of a typical native "Salakot" hat. This structure was erected just in front of the Main Gate on Mitchell Highway, between the base proper and Angeles City and soon became a widely recognized symbol of this new spirit in the long tradition of Philippine-American relations.
One of the most significant developments in Philippine-American relations was the promulgation of the revised 1979 MBA that, for the first time on over 75 years, established Philippine sovereignty over former U.S. Bases in the country. To facilitate its management of base areas outside of those specifically designated as part of the U.S. facility and to supervise perimeter and gate security, the AFP established Clark Air Base Command (CABCOM) on February 16, 1979, and assigned Brigadier General Oscar M. Alejandro as its first Deputy Commander. (Under Philippine regulations, the AFP Chief of Staff served as CABCOM Commander.) By the end of 1983, CABCOM had over 700 personnel assigned, serving in administrative and security posts.
In the midst of a revolution: the 1980s.
Live television broadcasts from the United States.
The last day of 1983 saw the beginning of a new era at Clark Air Base with the transmission of live television broadcasts from the United States through the Satellite Earth Terminal. With the "SATNET", Far East Network-Philippines was able to bring timely information, news and entertainment programs to the Clark area.
The February 1986 Revolution.
On February 24, Philippine Air Force aircraft from the rebel 15th Strike Wing requested permission to land. Their original intent had been to land, refuel and rearm, but the U.S. policy of strict neutrality forbade this. Instead, Washington allowed any aircraft declaring an "emergency" to land for "humanitarian" reasons. By the time the revolution ended, Clark had become "safe haven" for a large segment of the PAF: six T-28s, five T-33s, seven F-8s, two F-47s, two C-130s, one MD-500, and two Twin Otters. The presence of these aircraft caused another problem: suppose loyalist forces realized they were present and tried to destroy them from the air or in a ground attack? Fortunately, no such threat materialized but at any rate, USAF forces at Kadena Air Base and United States Navy aircraft were ready to support Clark if it became necessary.
's most significant role was the evacuation of President Marcos, his immediate family, and several advisors and confidants, including General Fabian Ver and Eduardo Cojuangco. By February 25, 1986, most of the AFP had switched to the rebel side and loyalist forces from northern Luzon, under Brigadier General Tomas Dumpit, who supposedly were on their way to attack Enrile and Ramos never materialized. President Ronald Reagan clearly had thrown his support to Aquino and the best that could be hoped for was to beat a safe retreat. Both U.S. Ambassador Steven Bosworth and Joint U.S. Military Advisory Group Brigadier General Theodore Allen were in communication with Malacañang and Clark, as well as Washington. Later in the afternoon of the 25th, the decision was made to evacuate Marcos from the palace. Helicopters from Clark's 31st Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron flew to Manila, picked up the Presidential party, and returned to the base, arriving just after 9 p.m.
The ex-President, his wife and immediate family, along with General Ver, occupied 13AF Distinguished Visitor quarters, while the rest of the entourage had to be billeted in Chambers Hall. Along with the Marcos party, Clark AB personnel packaged up and sent out a considerable amount of "personal effects", the same ones that later were seized by U.S. Customs officials in Hawaii and which became the subject of so much media controversy.
After spending the night on-base, the group, now swelled by several family members of sides and associates who had arrived during the night, boarded a C-9A Nightingale and a C-141 Starlifter and flew to Guam and then Hawaii, where President Marcos went into exile.
New construction.
For many years, the base had languished in the backwaters of PACAF's military construction program, but that ended in the early 1980s, and since that time, the base witnessed the opening of several new facilities.
One of the first of these new facilities, a modern Youth Center, first opened its doors on March 29, 1984. The old Youth Center, which had been housed in the original Kelly Theater, became a skating rink. This new Youth Center building houses a number of features designed to appeal to the younger members of Clark's community: an airconditioned basketball court, large screen television, disco, pool and ping-pong tables, video games, and a snack bar.
One of the most long-awaited and most beautiful examples of Clark's new construction boom was the Golf Club House, which was officially opened in August 1985. This modern building offersed the facilities one would expect to find in a club house, as well as a pro shop, a restaurant, and a beautiful panoramic view of the course.
The site of this new building was once part of the old Fort Stotsenburg cemetery, and during the digging for its foundation, several old iron crosses were uncovered. Time and the elements combined to reduce most of these to rust, but one was still in remarkably good condition and has been preserved for display in the Clark Historical Center.
Closure.
In July 1991, the U.S. and Philippine government agreed to a new treaty regarding the lease of the Subic Bay Naval Base, Clark, and several other U.S. military installations in the Philippines. Under the agreement, the U.S. was to clean up Clark and turn the base over to the Philippine government in 1992 while leasing Subic Bay for another 10 years. The Philippine Senate rejected this extension of the Military Bases Agreement in September 16, 1991. On November 26, 1991, the U.S. government formally turned Clark over to the Philippine government, which transformed the airfield into the Clark International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9637473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637473" title="Chirundu Bridge">
Chirundu Bridge

The Chirundu Bridge now consists of two road bridges side by side across the Zambezi River between the small town of Chirundu, Zambia and the village of Chirundu, Zimbabwe. At this location around 65 km downstream from the Kariba Dam the river is about 400 m wide. The bridges carry the Harare to Lusaka section of the Great North Road, which extends between South Africa and East Africa, and was once seen as part of a Cape to Cairo Road.
Chirundu is the only town on the Zambezi where two bridges cross the river.
The Otto Beit Bridge (1939).
The first Chirundu Bridge is the Otto Beit Bridge built in 1938-9 by the Dorman Long and financed by the Beit Trust, which funded most of central and southern Africa's colonial era bridges including the Beit Bridge across the Limpopo River, the Kafue Bridge, and the Luangwa Bridge. The Otto Beit Bridge was the first modern suspension bridge outside the United States built with parallel wire cables. It has a span of 382 m (main span 320 m). As it was built two decades before the Kariba Dam, the engineers had to consider the annual Zambezi flood, now tamed by the dam: hence the requirement for a single span (which the second bridge did not need). It cost £186,000 to build and was opened on 24 May 1939 by Lady Lillian Beit, widow of Otto Beit.
The Otto Beit Bridge is a single-lane bridge, with traffic operating in alternating directions, leading to congestion. Secondly the maintenance of steel suspension bridges is considerable, with cables needing replacement when they corrode, and the age of the bridge also places restrictions on the loads it can carry. Consequently Zambia identified the need for a second bridge.
Second Chirundu Bridge (2002).
The second Chirundu Bridge was built by the Kajima Corporation in 2000–2002 and opened on 12 December 2002. It is 90 metres upstream from the Otto Beit Bridge, using the same approaches and border control area. It is a two-lane, three-span continuous prestressed concrete box girder bridge, 400 meters long and 10.3 meters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="9637475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637475" title="California's 31st State Senate district">
California's 31st State Senate district

California's 31st State Senate district is one of 40 California State Senate districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Richard Roth of Riverside.
District profile.
The district encompasses heavily urbanized and suburban parts of the Inland Empire located in northwestern Riverside County. It forms an arc stretching from Corona in the west to Perris in the east, centered on the county seat of Riverside.

</doc>
<doc id="9637481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637481" title="Santa Barbara News-Press controversy">
Santa Barbara News-Press controversy

The "Santa Barbara News-Press" controversy refers to a series of events starting after businesswoman Wendy P. McCaw bought the "Santa Barbara News-Press" from The New York Times Company in 2000. McCaw proceeded to oversee some of the newspaper's content, and some news editors and reporters felt her intervention compromised the paper's neutrality and credibility. The tensions came to a head on July 6, 2006, when five editors and a columnist resigned.
They and three others staffers later received an "Ethics in Journalism" award from the Society of Professional Journalists, and the entire editorial staff was awarded the Payne Award for Ethics in Journalism as a result of their actions in the dispute.
The controversy led to at least three civil suits and one criminal investigation, as well as to the attempted unionization of the editorial workers at the Santa Barbara, California, newspaper.
The July 6, 2006, incident.
In the five years after McCaw bought the newspaper from the New York Times Company, five publishers and several editors resigned or were fired. Newsroom employees complained that McCaw unduly influenced reporting of the news, while she contended that the supervision of content was her responsibility as owner.
On July 6, 2006, five newsroom employees resigned, blaming McCaw's interference with editorial news judgment. They were Editor Jerry Roberts, columnist Barney Brantingham, managing editor George Foulsham, deputy managing editor Don Murphy, business editor Michael Todd and metro editor Jane Hulse. Roberts was escorted out of the building by the then-acting publisher Travis K. Armstrong. McCaw's perspective was that the editors had allowed an intolerable level of personal opinion and agendas to influence their editorial choices.
The proximate cause of the controversy included McCaw's intervention to halt the publication of a story about the drunk driving conviction of acting publisher Armstrong. Another dispute involved her reprimand of a reporter and three editors for publishing the address where actor Rob Lowe planned to build a "dream home."
Countermeasures.
Around 60 non-newsroom workers put their names to a full-page advertisement in the "News-Press" on February 14, 2007, in which they thanked McCaw and expressed their frustration with what they called the anti–"News-Press" actions of ex–newsroom staff and others.
Conservative radio talk show host Laura Schlessinger, a resident of neighboring Montecito, was hired to replace Brantingham as a twice-weekly columnist in July 2006. Many of her columns were supportive of management's position on the controversy.
Subsequent separations.
Three major waves of firings or resignations followed, as did a slow attrition of employees. Five columnists who wrote about local communities or issues were let go in mid-August 2006, and columnist Starshine Roshell resigned after her column was canceled. In September, mental health columnist Dr. Michael Seabaugh resigned, after the "News-Press" published an apology for a critical column he wrote about Schlessinger.
Many firings occurred within the context of employees' attempts to unionize after the initial July 6, 2006, incident (see below section on unionization). Six reporters, Dawn Hobbs, Rob Kuznia, Barney McManigal, John Zant, Tom Schultz and Melissa Evans, were fired by the "News-Press" on February 5–6, 2007, for participating in a freeway overpass demonstration. They had displayed a large sign reading "Cancel Your Newspaper Today" during morning rush hour on February 2.
McCaw held that the editors and reporters who quit did not want "goals to improve the quality of the paper, to have accurate unbiased reporting, and more local stories that readers want to read." She said "they no longer would be permitted to flavor the news with their personal opinions."
Unionization.
A unionization effort was launched after the July 6 incident, and those in favor of joining the Graphic Communications Conference of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters garnered a 33-6 (85%) victory in a vote conducted by the National Labor Relations Board on September 27, 2006. In August 2007, the labor board certified the union as the exclusive bargaining representative of the news department employees.
Lawsuits.
Breach of contract.
In August, 2006, McCaw's holding company, Ampersand, sued former editor Roberts for breach of contract and causing damage to the "News-Press"; it demanded $500,000 in damages. The company charged that Roberts breached confidentiality concerning the suit, which was subject to arbitration, but Roberts answered that it was an Ampersand attorney who gave the information to a "News-Press" reporter and that the story was leaked from there.
Roberts filed a counterclaim for $10 million, and Ampersand responded by increasing its claim to $25 million. Roberts accepted a position at the University of California, Santa Barbara, as publication director.
"Santa Barbara Independent".
Ampersand sued the weekly "Santa Barbara Independent" in federal court on October 26, 2006., claiming that the posting of an unpublished draft article by a recently fired "News-Press" staffer constituted copyright infringement. Ampersand also alleged misappropriation of its trade secrets by acquiring and publishing the draft and by acquiring another draft "News-Press" article relating to the paper's arbitration proceeding against a former editor. Ampersand also brought claims for unfair competition, intentional interference with prospective economic advantage and contract, and negligent interference with prospective economic advantage and contract. The "Independent" had posted a copy of a story written by "News-Press" reporter Scott Hadly about the July 6, 2006, events. The "News-Press" chose not to publish the story, and a copy was leaked to the "Independent", which posted the article on its website. Ampersand requested the removal of the story, and the "Independent" complied. The October 26 suit concerned the few days when the leaked story had been posted and also identified a second unpublished "News-Press" story about Ampersand's suit against Roberts. 
In November 2007 the trial judge Edward Rafeedie granted Ampersand summary judgment on its copyright infringement claim, holding that the posting of the draft article was not fair use. The judge dismissed Ampersand's trade-secret claim. He reserved decision on the trade-secret claim relating to the arbitration article, pending resolution of Ampersand's motion to compel the writer to answer questions about his source of information. The judge also dismissed the unfair competition and tortious interference claims, stating that they were preempted by federal copyright law and the California Uniform Trade Secrets Act.
Susan Paterno.
Ampersand filed suit on December 12, 2006, against Chapman University Professor Susan Paterno, author of the article "Santa Barbara Smackdown" that appeared in the "American Journalism Review". The suit alleged 33 instances of false and misleading statements, claimed that Paterno's "article falsely states and implies that Ampersand is an unethical corporate entity engaged in unlawful conduct and that its product, the "Santa Barbara News-Press", is a deficient product" and asserted that McCaw's involvement in the "News-Press" resulted from former editor Roberts' incompetence. Attorneys for the "American Journalism Review" responded to the suit on December 27, 2006. Paterno filed an anti-SLAPP suit against Ampersand on January 29, 2007.
On February 15, 2007, nearly all copies of the Chapman University student newspaper, the "Panther", were stolen from campus racks. That edition of the "Panther" contained an in-depth article on Paterno's article and her legal troubles.
The first hearing on Paterno's suit took place in April 2007, when the judge allowed limited discovery of evidence to go forward on four of the charges. Paterno filed for a writ of mandamus to prevent discovery being pursued against her on the four remaining libel charges, and in June 2008 the Court of Appeal in Santa Ana granted her the writ and ordered the case dismissed. The "News-Press" was compelled to pay Paterno's attorney fees.
Eventually the parties settled the case: The "Independent" agreed not to challenge the court's ruling that it had violated federal copyright law. The financial terms were not made public.
Legal letters.
McCaw's lawyer, A. Barry Cappello, sent a letter to 44 attorneys in the Santa Barbara area on September 11, 2006, urging them not to provide legal support for former "News-Press" employees. On September 22, 2006, the 44 attorneys announced formation of the Lawyers Alliance for Free Speech Rights to help ensure equal access to justice "for journalists who assert that they are exercising their free speech rights under the First Amendment." The group was denounced by the "News-Press" in a press release. On December 5, 2006, Cappello followed up with a second letter urging attorneys not to support former "News-Press" employees. On January 23, 2007, the attorney sent another letter to lawyers in the Alliance.
During the week of December 11, 2006, McCaw's attorney sent a letter to seven small Santa Barbara businesses, all of which had displayed signs reading "McCaw Obey the Law." The letter threatened action for defamation, stating that the sign exposed McCaw to "hatred, contempt, and ridicule." The American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California responded with a letter expressing the opinion that
legal action against the small business owners would fail.
A letter from Capello was published in the "Independent" in January 2007, in which the attorney framed the controversy as a battle between the Teamsters and the business owner, McCaw. He also claimed that McCaw had saved the "News-Press" from financial insolvency; this claim was contested in a subsequent letter by Randy Alcorn, a former "News-Press" financial officer.
Child pornography investigation.
On April 22, 2007, the "News-Press" published a front-page article stating that the Santa Barbara Police Department had viewed nearly 15,000 pornographic images on a company computer hard drive once used by former editor Roberts, some of which amounted to child pornography. Roberts described the article as "a smear" and said that the "News-Press" published the piece without a byline and without seeking a comment from him. He also demanded an immediate retraction and said he might pursue "massive damages."
The "News-Press" published a front-page clarification about the April 22 article on May 13, 2007. Two rewordings urged by Roberts' attorneys were printed. The first concerned use of the computer by other "News-Press" editors: The April 22 article stated that computer systems director Raul Gil had signed a declaration that the computer "may" have been used by other editors. The May 13 clarification stated specifically that Gil had concluded "by recollection, notes, and memory" that the desktop computer "had been previously used" by at least two other editors at the "News-Press" and "possibly an ex-business editor." A second clarification concerned Roberts' interaction with Santa Barbara Police: In the April 22 article, the "News-Press" reported that Roberts "refused" to be interviewed by police, while the May 13 clarification stated that Roberts cooperated through his wife and attorneys. Roberts' attorney deemed the clarification inadequate.
Veteran journalist Lou Cannon, a resident of the area, wrote an opinion piece in the "Los Angeles Times" on May 13, 2007, lamenting the treatment of Roberts and the controversy at the "News-Press". Owner McCaw responded in her own paper on May 27, 2007, and in the "L.A. Times" on May 31, 2007: She accused Cannon of sloppy journalism as well as a lack of sensitivity toward victims of child pornography. Cannon countered McCaw's response by questioning the accuracy of a number of her claims. Roberts responded in the "Times" as well, on June 5, 2007. A subsequent public written exchange between McCaw and Cannon took place in early July 2007.
A judge did enjoin the Santa Barbara Police Department from destroying the information on the hard drive for 120 days. During oral argument, the Ampersand attorney stated that the drive was "our defense to emotional distress damages", referring to Roberts' counterclaim.
Circulation.
The publishers reported that circulation increased during the commotion. Figures provided to prospective advertisers indicated a decline in South Santa Barbara County subscriptions during 2006 from 31,000 in January to 27,000 in June. Total circulation figures dropped by approximately 2,000 readers, or about 5 percent, between fall 2005 and fall 2006. Between spring 2006 and spring 2007, "News-Press" weekday circulation fell 9.5 percent, one of the biggest declines in the Southern California region. Readership for the "Santa Maria Times", the major daily newspaper of northern Santa Barbara County, increased by 6 percent during the same period.
Public response.
Roberts, Foulsham, Murphy, sports editor Gerry Spratt, business editor Michael Todd, Hulse, presentation editor Colin Powers, reporter Scott Hadly and Brantingham received an "Ethics in Journalism" award from the Society of Professional Journalists on August 11, 2006. McCaw argued in a letter that the Society was being "used by this group to further their own political and personal agendas."
The entire editorial staff was awarded the Payne Award for Ethics in Journalism given at the University of Oregon in spring 2007.
Documentary.
In 2008, filmmaker Sam Tyler released "Citizen McCaw", an 85-minute documentary focusing on the "News-Press" controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="9637483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637483" title="George Armand Furse">
George Armand Furse

Colonel George Armand Furse CB (23 August 1834 – 3 April 1906) was a British Colonel and author.
He was a Colonel in the 42nd Royal Highlanders Black Watch and author of "The Art of Marching" (1901), "Information in War: its Acquisition and Transmission" (1895), "Mobilization and Embarkation of an Army Corps" (1883), "Military Expeditions beyond the Seas" (1897), "Provisioning Armies in the Field" (1899), and "Marengo and Hohenlinden" (1903). His 1883 book "The Line of Communication" was republished in 2008 by Kessinger Publishing
Furse is buried at Aldershot Military Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9637495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637495" title="Winter squash">
Winter squash

Winter squash is a summer-growing annual fruit, representing several squash species within the genus "Cucurbita". It differs from summer squash in that it is harvested and eaten in the mature fruit stage, when the seeds within have matured fully and the skin has hardened into a tough rind. At this stage, most varieties of this fruit can be stored for use during the winter. It is generally cooked before eating.
Planting.
Because squash is a frost-tender vegetable, the seeds do not germinate in cold soil. Winter squash seeds germinate best when the soil temperature is , and the warmer end of the range is optimum. Seedlings are easily destroyed by frost, thus winter squash is best planted after the soil is thoroughly warmed and all sign of frost has passed.
Maintenance.
Winter squash can be harvested whenever the fruits have turned a deep, solid color and the skin is hard. Most of the crop is harvested in September or October (Northern Hemisphere), before heavy frosts hit the planting area. When cutting squash from the vine, two inches of stem should remain attached if possible. Cuts and bruises should be avoided when handling. Fruits that are not fully mature, have been injured, have had their stems knocked off, or have been subjected to heavy frost will rot and should be used as soon as possible or be composted (watch for seedlings in the compost).
Nutritional value.
Winter squash is a low-calorie, good source of complex vegetable carbohydrates and dietary fiber.
It is an excellent source of vitamin A, a great source of vitamin C, potassium, dietary fiber and manganese, and a good source of folate, omega 3 fatty acids, vitamin B1 (thiamin), copper, tryptophan, vitamin B6 (pyridoxine), vitamin B3 (niacin) and vitamin B5 (pantothenic acid).
It is also a source of iron and beta carotene. Usually, the darker the skin is, the higher the beta carotene content.
Subspecies, cultivars and varieties.
Cucurbita maxima
Cucurbita argyrosperma
Cucurbita moschata
Cucurbita pepo

</doc>
<doc id="9637516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637516" title="Monthly Labor Review">
Monthly Labor Review

The Monthly Labor Review is published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Issues often focus on a particular topic. Researchers outside of the BLS are welcome to submit articles.
History.
In 1915, under commissioner Royal Meeker, BLS began publishing the "Monthly Review", with a circulation of 8,000. The name became "Monthly Labor Review" in 1918, and circulation rose to 20,000 in June 1920.
The journal has published its articles on the web for a decade. In 2008 the journal ceased to publish a bound paper edition, and now publishes only online.

</doc>
<doc id="9637517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637517" title="Ruvari Malithamma">
Ruvari Malithamma

Ruvari Malithamma was a famous architect and sculptor in the 12th century who made many important contributions to temples built by the Hoysala Empire in Karnataka state, India. His contributions greatly enriched the idiom called Hoysala architecture. From inscriptions and signatures left behind by him on the master pieces he created, it is known that he built the Kesava temple at Somanathapura and worked on forty other monuments, including the Amruteshwara temple at Amruthapura in Chikkamagaluru district. Ruvari Malithamma specialised in ornamentation, and his works spanned six decades. His sculptures were usually signed in shorthand as "Malli" or simply "Ma".

</doc>
<doc id="9637526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637526" title="Tim Danielson">
Tim Danielson

Timothy Ralph "Tim" Danielson is a former American middle distance runner. He is one of only five U.S. high school athletes to ever run the mile in under four minutes.
High school.
While running for Chula Vista High School in Chula Vista, California, Danielson became the second high school 4-minute miler when he ran a 3:59.4 mile at San Diego's Balboa Stadium on June 11, 1966. His mile time puts him third on the all-time high school miler list, behind Alan Webb's 3:53.43 (2001) and Jim Ryun's 3:55.3 (1965), and is the fastest time ever run by a California high school student.
He won the mile race at the CIF California State Meet in 1965 with a time of 4:08.0 and again the next year with a time of 4:07.0. He won the Golden West Invitational High School meet two-mile race in 1966 in a time of 8:55.4.
College.
After high school Danielson attended Brigham Young University, where he competed for the track team for a year but never managed to break four minutes for the mile again. He was in the race at the 1967 National Championships where Jim Ryun set the world record at 3:51.1. After running second for much of the race, he faded near the end finish 8th in just over 4 minutes. During that same race, Marty Liquori became the third high school 4 minute miler a step ahead of him. Danielson's career direction changed. Ryun said “I lost track of Tim after that.” He married Carolyn Mooers in February 1968, their first son was born in June, all distractions at the same time he was attempting to qualify for the 1968 Olympics. Before professionalism was allowed “In those days, if anyone married they were finished.” said Liquori.
Personal.
Danielson began working as an engineer for GKN Aerospace Engine Products in El Cajon, California in 1971. He married his third wife, Ming Qi in 2006; they divorced in 2008.
On June 16, 2011, Danielson was charged in the murder of Ming Qi. He pled not guilty.
On May 12, 2014 Danielson was convicted of first-degree murder. A sentencing hearing is scheduled for July 11, 2014, when Danielson will likely be sentenced to 50 years to life in prison..

</doc>
<doc id="9637549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637549" title="Xyphus">
Xyphus

Xyphus is a role-playing video game first released in 1984. The game was designed by Skip Waller and Dave Albert with a Macintosh version by Bob Hardy, for Penguin Software. It was the first RPG ever released on the Macintosh system featuring upgraded graphics and mouse friendly user-interface; an improvement over the Apple II and Commodore 64 releases. "Xyphus" is pronounced, "Eks-see-foose", and is the Greek word for sword.
Overview.
The game takes place in the world of Arroya 10,000 years after the demon lord Xyphus was defeated, but not killed. His heart had been ripped out and magic amulets sprang from drops of his blood becoming the source of all magic in Arroya. The land became forbidden to human kind for monsters and dangerous creatures of all kinds inhabit Arroya. But a great leader, Das, has arisen and vows to bring civilization back to Arroya. This can only be accomplished by a small band of mercenary troops recruited from the races of humans, elves, and dwarves. As told in song only this band can destroy Xyphus, for as long as Xyphus lives, his minions shall roam and no peace will ever reign over the lands of Arroya.
Game description.
The game begins with the creation of a party of four characters a mix of Humans, Dwarves, Elves, fighters and magic-users. These four adventurers must then explore the lands of Arroya battling a plethora of monsters; which memorably include various races of goblins, various lycanthropes, giant slugs, anthrodons, various demons and villainous leaders such as the tribal shaman Erse, the orcish hetman, the Demon Prince Erranugh and even a dreaded Vampire. Through these battles the adventurers gain gold and experience points which they can use to upgrade and purchase new magic, weapons and armour as they go. The characters need to gather Xyphoid amulets to cast magic spells and visit forts or trading posts in order to heal, level-up and/or purchase new items. The game consists of 6 scenarios including the final one where your adventurers head underground to face the Demon Lord Xyphus, himself.

</doc>
<doc id="9637559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637559" title="Érika Alcocer Luna">
Érika Alcocer Luna

Erika Alcocer Luna, or simply Erika, was born on July 19, 1974 in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico. She rose to fame by becoming the winner of the second generation of La Academia.
Voice.
Her voice is considered to be mezzosoprano, but its register is similar to a soprano because of her ample range of shades and vocal registry. She sang "All By Myself" in the same tone and range as Celine Dion.

</doc>
<doc id="9637568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637568" title="Sharpe's Battle (TV programme)">
Sharpe's Battle (TV programme)

"Sharpe's Battle" is a 1995 British television drama, part of a series screened on the ITV network that follows the career of Richard Sharpe, a fictional British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. It is somewhat based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell, though the film is set in 1813 on the Spanish-French border, rather than in 1811 on the border with Portugal.
Plot.
While on patrol, Sharpe (Sean Bean) and his men rout some French soldiers who have raped and murdered the inhabitants of a Spanish village. Two are captured alive. Their commander, Brigadier General Loup (Oliver Cotton), attempts to bargain with Sharpe for the lives of his men, but Sharpe has them shot in front of him. Loup vows revenge as he departs.
Meanwhile, Wellington (Hugh Fraser) receives unwanted reinforcements from the King of Spain. His Most Catholic Majesty sends his personal bodyguard, the "Real Compania Irlandesa" (Royal Irish Company), composed of poorly trained men of Irish descent under the command of the inexperienced Lord Kiely (Jason Durr). Wellington doesn't trust them, not least because of reports in American newspapers that the British are committing atrocities against the Irish people. So he orders the unreliable men to garrison a fort near the French lines, where it will be easy for them to desert if they want to. He assigns Sharpe to train them and puts him under the command of former Wagonmaster-General Colonel Runciman (Ian McNeice).
Kiely's wife, Lady Kiely (Allie Byrne), and his mistress, guerrilla leader Doña Juanita (Siri Neal), both show up in camp. In the meantime, Sharpe has enough time to train the men and strengthen the fort's defences, so that when Loup finally attacks, he is repulsed. Afterwards, Sharpe proposes a quick surprise assault on Loup's headquarters, which is approved by Kiely, Runciman and Juanita.
When Kiely learns that his wife is pregnant, he sends her away, out of harm's way, but she is captured. Juanita reveals herself to be a French agent by giving Kiely a secret ultimatum from Loup. He is to let Sharpe and his men commit themselves to the attack, then abandon them in exchange for Lady Kiely's life.
It almost goes according to plan. Sharpe's men are trapped, though he himself manages to reach Kiely. When Kiely refuses to act, Sharpe fights him, only to be shot in the arm by Juanita. At that point, Kiely finally rebels. He kills Juanita and shows that she had distributed fake newspapers to undermine the Irishmen's loyalty. Together, he and Sharpe lead the attack against the French. Meanwhile, Harper, in temporary command of Sharpe's company, tricks the French by pretending to be dead. The British win the fight - although Harper is devastated by the death of his youngest rifleman, Perkins (Lyndon Davies). As the battle draws to a close, Kiely is killed by Loup when he tries to free his pregnant wife. Loup is slain in turn by Sharpe.
Production notes.
The programme was filmed in Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="9637582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637582" title="Léon Gastinel">
Léon Gastinel

Léon Gastinel (August 15, 1823 – October 18, 1906) was a French composer. He studied at the Paris Conservatoire where he studied with Jacques Halévy and was awarded the Grand Prix de Rome in 1846 for his cantata "Valasquez". While relatively unknown today, Gastinel wrote two complete masses, two symphonies and four oratorios. He was most prolific however in his works for the stage which include the ballet "Le rêve" (1890) and the operas "Le miroir" (1853), "L'opéra aux fenêtres" (1857) and "Titus et Bérénice" (1860).

</doc>
<doc id="9637586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637586" title="Lefdal">
Lefdal

Lefdal is one of Norway's biggest electronics and household appliance stores. Lefdal has 19 large warehouses nationwide, and has the same owner as Elkjøp Nordic. Lefdal has customers all over the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="9637600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637600" title="Wicked Sensation">
Wicked Sensation

Wicked Sensation is the debut album by American hard rock band Lynch Mob. This was musician George Lynch's first release since leaving the heavy metal group Dokken. Singer-songwriter Oni Logan provided vocals, contributed to the lyrics and composition, and also played harmonica while joining George was also Dokken drummer "Wild" Mick Brown. The album had two relatively successful singles, with "River Of Love" climbing to the #19 spot on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart as well as "Wicked Sensation" reaching #31 on that chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9637632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637632" title="Esan akü">
Esan akü

ESAN AKÜ is a battery manufacturer, founded in Istanbul, Turkey in 1978. It is a well known battery manufacturer by its high quality products in Turkey. ESAN AKÜ exports battery and battery substances to several countries abroad, such as North Cyprus, Greece, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Ukraine, Jordan, Angola, Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="9637633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637633" title="George and Junior">
George and Junior

George and Junior was a short-lived animation cartoon series by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. All of the original, 1940s shorts were directed by Tex Avery, who based them on George and Lennie from John Steinbeck's "Of Mice and Men". For their final appearance their looks were altered and at the end they commit suicide (although, before they actually shoot themselves, the end title card is drawn down, which then shakes to the sound of the gunshots). The characters were brought back to life by Pat Ventura in two 1995 cartoons on the Hanna-Barbera animation anthology franchise "What-A-Cartoon!" on Cartoon Network' "George and Junior: Look Out Below" and "George and Junior's Christmas Spectacular" (both cartoons were produced respectively by Hanna-Barbera Productions and Cartoon Network Studios). A grey or purple version of George made a cameo appearance in a brief headshot during the final scene of "Who Framed Roger Rabbit".
The shorts followed the misadventures of two bears: Junior, the tall, dim-witted one; and George, the short, short-tempered intelligent one. George would come up with a plan to fix their current situation, and Junior would officially (and accidentally) mess it up somehow. This usually resulted with an angry George saying "Bend over, Junior", and, when Junior does this, George delivers a hard kick to the rear end.
Cartoons.
"Theaterical"
"TV"
Note: Avery made an additional short, "Lucky Ducky" (1948), that started development as a "George and Junior" entry, but was ultimately produced with two random dog characters instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9637646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637646" title="The Last One">
The Last One

The Last One may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9637651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637651" title="Taiwan Television">
Taiwan Television

Taiwan Television Enterprise, Ltd. (), commonly known as TTV, is the first television broadcast station in Taiwan. It was established on April 28, 1962 and started formally broadcasting later that year on Double Ten Day, the Republic of China's national holiday.
TTV was formerly called "Taiwan Radio" ("TR") in 1962, then "TRA" in 1967 and "Taiwan Night Television" ("TNT") in 1969, when "Taiwan Day Television" ("TDT") (now "CTV") was launched.
The station became home to many trailblazing and innovative shows at the time. Recently, the station enjoyed a resurgence in viewership when it inked a major contract with Sanlih E-Television to promote and air the latter's shows. TTV's pop idol dramas consistently rated high, although it sometimes went down or up depending on the storyline and the stars' appeal on these dramas.
Under current media reform laws, TTV is being tapped for full privatization. However the divestment of government shares in the station is being put on hold and placed under investigation at the moment due to irregularities in its transaction.
Since 1962, TTV began some of the milestones that changed the landscape of TTV presenting the very first Taiwanese-language TV serial as well as the first Mandarin drama anthology series. TTV presented the first costume drama serial "Zheng Chengong" (1963) starring Tsao Chien (Cao Jian) as the title role. On September 7, 1969 TTV is the first TV network broadcast in color and gave its chance to air the Apollo XI Landing (known as "Man on the Moon").
Appearances.
Logo History.
Since the beginning of TTV in 1962, the earliest known was a simple TV logo with the letters "TTV" in it; with the two Ts striking with a thunderbolt and a small V on a blue-green-red background. It was used until 1990 when it was replaced by a circular disk with an angular triangle inside the logo forming a satellite dish. The 1990 logo was used until recently in July 2008 when the present logo was revised with the same design but the triangle itself moves upward.
Test card.
The testcard of TTV is PM5544.
Closing and Opening times.
"Closing time" is 100%. It close at 4:50. But it announced in the schedule.
TTV.
Open 167.8 hours a week (Mon 4:49-5:00)
The TTV Shows.
TTV Mandarin Novels (台視國語電視小說), the earliest TTV drama in Mandarin during the 1960s. It was the predecessor of today's Primetime drama serials that is now shown every night at 8PM.
Star Showcase (群星會), the earliest TTV variety show that lasted for 15 years from 1962 to 1977. It was revived in the early 1990s and again in 2002, but both of the newer versions lasted for less than six months.
Pentalight Talent Show (五燈獎), the longest TV talent show in Taiwan that lasted for 33 years from 1965 to 1998. Some of the popular singers in Taiwan started their careers in that said show.
Fu Pei-mei's Chinese Chooking Show (傅培梅時間), one of the earliest programmes of TTV hosted by Fu Pei-mei (1931–2004) ran for 40 years (1962 to 2002).
Taiwanese Opera (楊麗花歌仔戲), a Taiwanese opera TV featuring Taiwanese opera singer Yang Li-hua, began showing in the early evening slot from 1962 to 1975 and again from 1979 to 1994 where she also produces her Taiwanese opera works. In 1994, the show presented "The Goddess of the Luo River (a.k.a. "Mystical Enchantress") was the first Taiwanese opera series to hit on primetime slot at 8:00 PM. Then, a few series was produced sporadically from 1996 to 2003. The last one was "Ode to Its Successor" in 2003 where they earned an award in the 2004 Golden Bell Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9637654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637654" title="Eastwood High School (Pemberville, Ohio)">
Eastwood High School (Pemberville, Ohio)

Eastwood High School is the only high school in the Eastwood Local School District in eastern Wood County, Ohio. The high school holds grades nine through twelve. Eastwood High's athletic league is the Northern Buckeye Conference. The high school holds a variety of classes students can take, and is affiliated with Penta Career Center.
Library.
The high school library is available for use of the students before school and in AA. It may also be used during a class with the permission of a teacher. The library also serves as the computer lab in the high school. Beginning the 2007-2008 school year the school district hired a District Computer Administrator. With the hiring of this individual, came a new school network. Students have usernames & passwords to use the computers. They can save homework, papers,and projects to the school network instead of the hard drive.
Athletics.
Eastwood High School has a variety of athletics for its students to participate in. Eastwood High has been known for its excellence in sports in its athletic conference. All of the high school's teams are committed to excellence and fair play. The athletic director is also the assistant principal, Jeff Hill. The school's mascot is the American Bald Eagle. The school was a member of the Suburban Lakes League, but joined the Northern Buckeye Conference in fall 2011 as the Suburban Lakes League dissipated at the conclusion of the Spring 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9637665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637665" title="This Providence (album)">
This Providence (album)

This Providence is the second studio album by the band This Providence, released on September 12, 2006, by Fueled by Ramen.

</doc>
<doc id="9637674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637674" title="Manorial Society of Great Britain">
Manorial Society of Great Britain

The Manorial Society of Great Britain Limited is a private limited company (Company No. 03296984) and first incorporated on the 30/12/1996. It has a membership of approximately 1,900, comprising Lords of the Manor and feudal barons, peers, as well as historians, mainly from the United Kingdom but also some from Ireland.
Its aims are:
Governance.
The Governing Council of the Manorial Society of Great Britain in 2012 includes the following members of the British peerage and knightage, amongst whom one usually hosts an annual reception at the House of Lords
Publications.
In 1996 the Society co-published a guide to Manorial Law.
In 2012 the Society published a Manorial Directory, listing a number of surviving manorial lordships and feudal baronies in Great Britain and Ireland, with their histories and biographical information on their current holders.
Incorporation.
The original Manorial Society (The Manorial Society)was established as a pressure group in 1906 but did not long survive. The Manorial Society of Great Britain Limited was incorporated in 1996 but the connection to the original society has not yet been confirmed or clarified.
Manorial documents.
Under the Law of Property Amendment Act 1924, manorial documents in the United Kingdom are held under the charge and superintendence of the Master of the Rolls, and their whereabouts recorded in the Manorial Documents Register maintained by The National Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="9637699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637699" title="Rigsby sisters">
Rigsby sisters

Kerri Rigsby and Cori Rigsby (Moran) are the American sisters who worked for eight years at the E.A. Renfroe Company and were managers overseeing catastrophe claims adjusters before their resignation. The sisters claim State Farm ignored or minimized wind damage to avoid payments. Over the course of several months, the sisters amassed thousands of pages of documents related to State Farm's activities. According to court documents, the sisters took the documents without authorization. Their work in regard to these documents is the subject of ongoing legal action. Eventually, their story went public when ABC's 20/20 show aired it in August 2006. In 2008, Judge Senter of the U.S. District Court of the Southern District of Mississippi found that the sisters and their attorneys had acted unethically when the Scruggs Katrina Group paid the sisters to testify, and barred them from testifying or using any of the documents that were taken.
Judge Senter's order.
On April 4, 2008, Judge Senter disqualified the Rigsby sisters from testifying:
State Farm and Renfroe have charged Scruggs with two basic types of ethical misconduct and with conflicts of interest, all of which relate in one way or another to the relationship between Scruggs and the SKG and two former Renfroe employees Cori and Kerri Rigsby (the Rigsby sisters). State Farm and Renfroe allege 1) that Scruggs participated and encouraged the Rigsby sisters to wrongfully appropriate and disclose confidential documents in which both State Farm and Renfroe had a legitimate right to confidentiality; and 2) that Scruggs paid the Rigsby sisters a substantial sum in furtherance of Scruggs’s efforts to encourage the misappropriation of these documents.State Farm and Renfroe have alleged additional acts of misconduct relating to other witnesses and to the plaintiffs’ counsel having obtained documentary and physical evidence without following the established procedure for the use of out-of-state subpoenas in the discovery process.I have determined that disqualification is required because Scruggs, acting in furtherance of the SKG joint venture, paid the Rigsby sisters a substantial sum of money (a consulting fee of $150,000 per year) despite Scruggs’s knowledge that the Rigsby sisters were material witnesses in connection with many hurricane damage claims that were likely to become the subject of litigation. While Scruggs made the arrangements for these payments, the other members of the SKG joint venture knew or should have known that the payments were being made, and I am of the opinion that their failure to take timely and reasonable remedial steps or to object to this arrangement amounts to a ratification of Scruggs’s actions. While the other ethical misconduct alleged by State Farm and Renfroe are substantial, the payments to the Rigsby sisters are, in and of themselves, sufficient to warrant disqualification.It is apparent to me, from my review of the deposition testimony of the Rigsby sisters, that there was no legitimate reason for these payments and that the “consulting” work that ostensibly justified these payments was a sham. Even if this were not the case, the performance of legitimate work that is closely related to a matter in litigation cannot justify an attorney’s payment of a substantial sum of money to a non-expert material witness.Payments to non-expert witnesses are specifically limited to statutory witness fees; reasonable expenses actually incurred for mileage, meals, and lodging; and reasonable compensation for time lost from work while attending a trial or testifying by deposition. (Opinion No. 145 of the Mississippi State Bar Ethics Committee, March 11, 1988). The payments Scruggs made to the Rigsby sisters bears no reasonable connection to any work they performed or to any of expenses they incurred in testifying. These payments were clearly improper. N.L.R.B. v. Thermon Heat Tracing Services,Inc., 143 F.3d 181 (5 Cir.1998); Golden Door Jewelry Creations, Inc. v. Lloyds Underwriters Non-Marine Ass’n, 865 F.Supp 1516, 1526 (S.D.Fla.1994); Rentclub, Inc. v. Transamerica Rental Fin. Corp., 811 F.Supp 651, 653 (M.D.Fla.1992), aff’d 43 F.3d 1439 (11th Cir.1995); Wagner v. Lehman Bros. Kuhn Loeb Inc., 646 F.Supp 643 (N.D.Ill.1986).Even though the payments to the Rigsby sisters originated with Scruggs, the other members of the joint venture were aware or should have been aware that the payments were being made and did nothing to prevent their continued payment. In these circumstances, all of the other members of the original SKG are responsible for this breach of ethics. Those whom these firms have subsequently associated must also be disqualified to prevent the appearance of impropriety in the remainder of this litigation. See MRPC 5.1(c) (“A lawyer shall be responsible for another lawyer’s violation of the rules of professional conduct if: (1) the lawyer orders or, with knowledge of the specific conduct, ratifies the conduct involved . . . or . . . knows of the conduct at the time when its consequences can be avoided or mitigated but fails to take reasonable remedial action.”); See American Can Co. v. Citrus Feed Co., 436 F.2d 1125, 1128-29 (5th Cir.1971).The payments made to the Rigsby sisters require the disqualification of the successors to the SKG and those whom they have added as associates from further participation in any litigation in this Court against State Farm and Renfroe arising from property damage attributable to Hurricane Katrina. The motions to disqualify will be granted. An appropriate order will be entered, and the plaintiffs in all cases affected by this disqualification shall be allowed a period of forty-five days in which to retain new counsel or to notify the Court of their intention to proceed pro-se. For good cause, this period may be enlarged at the discretion of the United States Magistrate Judge assigned to the case. The plaintiff’s failure to retain new counsel or to inform the court of the intention to proceed pro-se will make a case subject to this order eligible for dismissal without prejudice. The attorneys subject to disqualification by the terms of this order shall send, via United States mail, postage prepaid, a copy of the opinion and order in this case to each client affected by this ruling.The Rigsby sisters will be disqualified as witnesses in any actions now pending on this Court’s docket against State Farm or Renfroe in which the SKG or the KLG has represented the plaintiffs, and any documents supplied by the Rigsby sisters to the SKG or the KLG or its associates shall also be excluded from evidence unless the plaintiffs can show that the documents were obtained through ordinary methods of discovery.
Documents.
The sisters say they ultimately obtained about 15,000 pages of claims records. Their collection of these documents is the subject of ongoing legal action. Their former employer has filed suit in Alabama asking that the court order the return of the documents. The suit claims the sisters took the documents without permission or authorization.
The Rigsby sisters alleged this was not an isolated incident, but a widespread campaign by State Farm to pressure engineers to issue certain types of reports to reduce State Farm's liability. State Farm representatives in Bloomington, IL, the home office, say what the women describe would be contrary to the company's claims practices.
E.A. Renfroe.
E.A. Renfroe, the company that contracted with State Farm Insurance Co., sued the Rigsby sisters on September 1, 2006. It alleged in its lawsuit that Cori and Kerri Rigsby broke the law when they turned over reams of internal State Farm records to attorney Richard Scruggs. Renfroe's lawsuit, filed in an Alabama federal court, accused the sisters of violating the Alabama Trade Secrets Act and breaching confidentiality agreements with the company. Renfroe successfully asked a judge to order the Rigsby sisters to return the documents they presented Scruggs and to bar them from continuing to disclose information. Scruggs's efforts to evade this order resulted in a charge of criminal contempt against him that was eventually dismissed.
Court.
November 2006.
Attorney General Jim Hood's office argued the suit, "E.A. Renfroe & Co. Inc. v. Moran, No. 06-CV-1752," should be suspended until the Mississippi Attorney General's office completed its criminal investigation into post-Katrina insurance claims practices. They claimed the government's case could be compromised if the civil case continued.
Insurance Commissioner George Dale: Dale launched his own investigation of the insurance industry and began with State Farm because they were the biggest insurance company in Mississippi. Dale claimed he was spurred on by policyholder complaints aired on local television.
December 2006.
Federal Judge William Acker Jr. requires the Rigsby sisters to return the documents to E.A. Renfroe.
January 2007.
The Rigsby sisters testify for the Mississippi Attorney General before a Mississippi grand jury about what they saw while working as claims adjusters after Hurricane Katrina.
In Alabama, Judge Acker orders the sisters to show why they should not be held in contempt of his order in December 2006 as they had yet to turn over the documents. Acker also requires Scruggs and the Scruggs law firm to show why they should not be held in civil contempt.
In a court hearing on January 31, E.A. Renfroe's attorney requested the Rigsby sisters and their representation face civil and criminal charges for their actions.
Results.
In February 2007, Mississippi state senators Dawkins and Williamson submitted a resolution, "Mississippi Senate Concurrent Resolution 574,", to the state legislature commending the Rigsby sisters for their actions. The resolution died in committee and the Rigsbys garnered no formal recognition by the legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="9637701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637701" title="Fostoria High School">
Fostoria High School

Fostoria High School is a public high school in Fostoria, Ohio. It is the largest high school in the Fostoria Community Schools district. Their nickname is the Redmen. They are currently members of the Northern Buckeye Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9637706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637706" title="Unicru">
Unicru

Unicru is a United States computer software company which produces a human resources software line claimed to aid companies in evaluating job applicants and their suitability for particular positions by giving them personality tests. Many of their customers are large retailers such as Kroger, Big Y, Lowe's, Hollywood Video, Hastings Entertainment, Fred Meyer, Albertsons, Toys R Us, PetSmart, Best Buy, and Blockbuster Video. According to its vendor, Unicru was used in 16% of major retail hiring in the United States as of early 2009.
Unicru was founded in 1987 as "Decision Point Data" and is headquartered in Beaverton, Oregon. It acquired two other software companies: Guru.com in 2003 and Xperius (formerly Personic) in 2004. The Guru.com URL and logo were subsequently sold to eMoonlighter.com which now operates under the Guru.com brand. In August 2006, Kronos announced it had acquired Unicru. 
According to the "Wall Street Journal", cheating on the tests, using answer keys available online, became more common during the late-2000s recession, though Kronos denies that cheating is common or significantly affects the test's validity.

</doc>
<doc id="9637714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637714" title="Tarek bin Laden">
Tarek bin Laden

Tarek bin Mohammed bin 'Awad bin Laden, (b. 1947) is a half-brother of Osama bin Laden, and a noted member of the Saudi-Arabia business community.
He was once called "the personification of the dichotomy (conservativism and change) of Saudi Arabia." He once started a textile business with Swedish actor Kjell Bergqvist, intending to make use of some of the large state-owned textile mills in Egypt, and then sell the clothing in the West. "It didn't work out. The factories in Egypt produced for the Soviet Union and they were poorly designed," Bergqvist recalls.
Tarek Bin Laden is currently Chairman at Middle East Development LLC a Dubai based company. 

</doc>
<doc id="9637719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637719" title="Proceso 8000">
Proceso 8000

8,000 Process (from the ) was the unofficial name of the legal investigation of events surrounding accusations that the Liberal candidate Ernesto Samper's 1994 campaign for President of Colombia was partially funded with drug money. "8,000 Process" or "Procedure 8,000" was the case number issued by the Prosecutor General's Office.
The Process formally ended in the mid-1990s.
References.
(1) http://lasa-2.univ.pitt.edu/LARR/prot/search/retrieve/?Vol=36&Num=2&Start=157
(2) http://www.bdigital.unal.edu.co/798/13/274_-_12_Capi_11.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="9637727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637727" title="Elmwood High School (Bloomdale, Ohio)">
Elmwood High School (Bloomdale, Ohio)

Elmwood High School is a public high school in Bloomdale. It is the only high school in the Elmwood Local School District, which primarily serves Bloom, Montgomery, Perry, and Portage townships in Wood County, but also serves parts of Center and Freedom townships. The towns of Bairdstown, Bloomdale, Cygnet, Jerry City, Wayne, and West Millgrove are also included in the district.
Their nickname is the Royals, with their mascot being a lion. They are currently members of the Northern Buckeye Conference.
Elmwood was created in 1957 when the school districts from Bloomdale, Cygnet, Montgomery, and Portage merged. Bradner was part of the Montgomery district, but refused to join the merger and ultimately wound up with Lakota Local School District in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="9637745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637745" title="Noble Society of Celts">
Noble Society of Celts

The Noble Society of Celts, founded in 1993, is an American hereditary society of persons with "Celtic roots" and interests, who are of noble and/or royal title and "gentle birth", and who have come together in a search for, and celebration of, things Celtic.
There are three classes of membership: Class I membership is hereditary; you must be a direct descendant of "Celtic royal blood". 
Each member is able to designate one heir to inherit their membership. Classes II and III are non-hereditary. Further discussions of class qualifications are found on the site. By law, members use post nominals depending on their hereditary rank such as:
Life Members of Celtic Royal Descent: (Name), LMNSC;
Members of Celtic Royal Descent: (Name), NSC;
Members of Celtic Noble Descent: (Name), NC
"The Awen" is the official publication of the Society and it is published quarterly and circulated to members. This periodical is available to the general public as well, also on the NSC site.
The NSC is a private unincorporated organization. The Society does support Celtic heritage activities in the United States through an affiliated non-profit organization.
The Society maintains a role of arms of its members on the website. Coats of Arms granted to or assumed by members must be in correct heraldic style. Common "generic" family arms are not allowed.

</doc>
<doc id="9637748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637748" title="Raimundo">
Raimundo

People named Raimundo:
In fiction:
Places:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="9637755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637755" title="Queen Komal of Nepal">
Queen Komal of Nepal

Queen Komal Rajya Laxmi Devi Shah (born 18 February 1951) is the Queen Consort of King Gyanendra of Nepal. She was the last Queen Consort of Nepal before the Monarchy was abolished on 28 May 2008.
Life.
Queen Komal was born in Kathmandu into the Rana family, the daughter of Kendra Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana (1927–1982) and his wife Shree Rajya Laxmi Devi Shah (1928–2005). 
Queen Komal's older sister Aishwarya was married to King Birendra of Nepal, the brother of Gyanendra. Aiswarya was killed in the palace massacre on 1 June 2001. Komal sustained bullet injuries as a result of the palace shooting and spent four weeks recovering in hospital.
As a result of the massacre, Komal's husband Gyanendra succeeded to the throne following the deaths of King Birendra, Crown Prince Dipendra (who had briefly succeeded him), and Prince Nirajan. Komal thus became Queen of Nepal.
Komal's younger sister Prekshya also married into the Shah dynasty marrying Gyanendra and Birendra's brother Prince Dhirendra who was killed in the palace massacre. They divorced in 1991. Princess Prekshya was killed in a helicopter crash on 12 November 2001.
Queen Komal married Gyanendra on 1 May 1970, and they have two children.
Abolition of the monarchy.
The Nepalese Parliament voted on 28 December as part of a peace deal with former Maoist rebels, 270-3 in favour of abolishing the monarchy.
On 28 May 2008, the monarchy was officially abolished, replaced by secular federal republic.
Honours.
National Honours;
Foreign Honours;

</doc>
<doc id="9637757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637757" title="Fullerton Joint Union High School District">
Fullerton Joint Union High School District

Fullerton Joint Union High School District (FJUHSD), founded in 1893 is a school district in Orange County, California that serves a fifty-square-mile area which includes the cities of Fullerton, La Habra and Buena Park. There are approximately 16,299 students in the union high school district and it is headed by Superintendent George Giokaris.

</doc>
<doc id="9637774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637774" title="Aus Liebe weint man nicht">
Aus Liebe weint man nicht

Aus Liebe weint man nicht ("You Don't Cry Out of Love") is the sixteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. The album did not have the success of the group's previous album, but still sold well, going to gold status in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9637786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637786" title="CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament">
CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament

The CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament is an under 23 international football (soccer) event in the North America, Central America and the Caribbean region, and is the qualification tournament for the Olympic Games. The competition had different formats during the years. 2008's version of the CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament was called the 2008 CONCACAF Under-23 Championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="9637808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637808" title="Llullaillaco National Park">
Llullaillaco National Park

Llullaillaco National Park is a national park of Chile, located 275 km southeast of Antofagasta in the Andes. It lies between the eastern slopes of the Cordillera Domeyko and the international border with Argentina. In the park there are several important mountains that culminate at the summit of Llullaillaco volcano. The park also is characterized by extensive semi-desert plains interspersed by "Quebradas". A part of the Inca road system is found in "Río Frío" area. 
Vegetation.
The park lies within the Central Andean dry puna ecoregion. In the park have been recorded 126 flora species, 21 of which are endemic to the area.
Access.
To access this area,the travel must be programmed and have official permission from the CONAF (National Forrest Guard of Chile) in Antofagasta City.
Herds of vicuñas wander through the park.

</doc>
<doc id="9637825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637825" title="Kleo the Misfit Unicorn">
Kleo the Misfit Unicorn

Kleo the Misfit Unicorn is a television show for preschooler viewers. A television pilot episode for the series aired in 1996, and "Kleo The Misfit Unicorn" became a regular series in 1998.
Characters.
Misfitland (Ir)Regulars.
These are the key misfits who have chosen to stay in Misfitland indefinitely. They each represent a different aspect of what it can mean to be a misfit.

</doc>
<doc id="9637877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637877" title="Julien Hornuss">
Julien Hornuss

Julien Hornuss, aka Julien, (born 12 June 1986 in Paris), is a French footballer who currently plays for Fola Esch of the Luxembourgian first division's BGL League. He plays as a striker.
Hornuss was signed by manager Stuart Murdoch for English club Milton Keynes Dons in the summer of 2004, and made five appearances for the club in the 2004–05 season. He did not feature in the first team in the 2005–06 season, despite scoring prolifically for the reserve side, and held talks with manager Danny Wilson in October 2005 to clarify his future at the club. In January 2006, he went to a Spanish third division club for a two game trial, and was released by Milton Keynes Dons in February 2006 so he could find another club. He joined UE Lleida and also played for Eivissa, Villarreal B, and CD Guijuelo.
On September 2009, he signed for Palamós CF, from the Spanish Third Division, fifth group (Catalan one). He made a spectacular start to the competition, scoring 18 goals in the first 15 games.

</doc>
<doc id="9637938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637938" title="Summer Mummers">
Summer Mummers

Summer Mummers is a yearly production presented at the historic Yucca Theater in downtown Midland, Texas. Running for three months out of every year (Mid-June, July, and August), Summer Mummers celebrated its 60th year in 2008. There are typically 30 performances each summer. The nightly show consists of a locally-written melodrama, followed by the Olio. The profits from Summer Mummers directly benefit Midland Community Theatre, even though Summer Mummers is a separate entity from Midland Community Theatre. It is estimated that 25% of Midland Community Theatre's budget is provided by the success of Summer Mummers.
History.
The Early Years.
In 1949, supporters of Midland Community Theatre were looking for a way to bring extra money into the newly formed organization. One supporter brought up the fact that melodramas were still popular in California, and it was soon decided to present a production of "The Drunkard." Another supporter remembered that street performers in the 1800s were called "mummers." After deciding that the production would be presented in the summer, the name "Summer Mummers" was born. The four individuals usually considered the 'founders' were Art Cole (then the Director at Midland Community Theatre); William F. Pennebaker, a Midland attorney; Bill Pomeroy, a Midland oilman, and Norris Creath who played the first Mummers 'Villain'. Cole directed and starred in the first production (and many later ones also) and Pennebaker and Pomeroy ran the front-of-house operations. In the early years of Summer Mummers, productions were presented in various locations, including VFW halls and Theatre Center, the former home of Midland Community Theatre.
The Yucca Theater.
In 1927, oilman and former Montana senator T.S. Hogan announced plans to build a theater to complement the nearby Petroleum Building. Built in 1929, the Yucca Theatre started as a movie and vaudeville house. The interior, designed by H.B. Layman, features gilded Assyrian bulls, stenciled lotus flower lamps, and a two-tier balcony. The Egyptian style is a sign of the late 1920s, which was prominent at the time thanks in part to the discovery of King Tut's tomb a few years earlier.
In 1981, volunteers undertook the effort of fully restoring the Yucca to its original condition. Professional crews were brought in to make a few additions. These include a tiered floor for cabaret seating, as well as a few technology updates. After the restoration was completed, the Yucca became the new home of Summer Mummers. Summer Mummers still performs exclusively at the Yucca to this day.
Format.
The Melodrama.
The first half of the show features the melodrama. A new locally-written melodrama script is written every year, with some scripts being repeated every now and then. Each script also features a general "theme" for the story (e.g. baseball, beach party, medieval times). The storyline usually follows the same linear structure, with a female heroine and her sidekick finding themselves in distress. The villain and his sidekick look to take advantage of the heroine's plight, with the ulterior motives of financial gain and the love of the heroine. The hero and hero's sidekick confront the villains, a struggle ensues, with the hero coming out victorious. The villains are vanquished, the hero and heroine fall in love, and the hero's sidekick gains the (sometimes unwanted) admiration of the heroine's sidekick.
Titles.
The title of each script is alliterative in nature. Each script title also features a subtitle. Examples include:
Characters.
The name of each individual character changes every year, however the same basic character-types are featured in every script. These include:
The Moviola.
The moviola is a short, silent film shot by a three-person team, and features the characters continuing the story in different areas of Midland. A new moviola is shot every year. The moviola features title cards, which take the place of dialogue. Title cards are also used to notify the audience members that an intermission is beginning.
During several parts of the melodrama, a movie screen drops down and shows what is known as the moviola. This is done for two reasons. One, to advance the storyline, and two, to give the actors some time to take a break.
The moviola relies on sight gags, as well as occasional cameos from local newscasters, politicians, and business owners. In keeping with the Vaudeville style of Summer Mummers, the moviola is sped up significantly, and is shot entirely in black and white.
For many years, the moviola was shot on film. With the increasing availability of video cameras, the moviola transitioned to being shot on video, and projected using a VCR. Eventually, digital video took over, leading the moviola to be burned onto a DVD and projected in a digital format. This has allowed the editor of the moviola to add special digital effects where needed.
The shooting of the moviola is known to be particularly hard on the actors, as they perform purely physical acting (while wearing heavy costumes, wigs, and makeup) in triple-digit temperatures.
The Olio.
After the melodrama is finished, the Olio begins. Composed of approximately 20 "acts," the Olio can best be compared to a comedic variety show. All acts are set to music, and usually last 90 seconds or less. Although many of the acts are replaced every year, some acts have become constant yearly features in the Olio. These include but are not limited to:
Nightly Format.
The general format of a Summer Mummers performance:
Income.
Popcorn.
Another favorite activity for patrons is the chance to throw popcorn. Popcorn is sold throughout the night, with all of it ending up on the floor of the theater. Popcorn is sold for three dollar per bag, two bags for five dollars, and 8 bags for 20 dollars.
Three-month totals usually come in at approximately $50,000.00.
Alcohol.
The Summer Mummers operates a full bar. Patrons trade in cash for alcohol tokens. Those tokens can then be redeemed for alcoholic drinks. Unused tokens can be used at future performances, but cannot be redeemed for cash. Half-price tokens are available for cast and crew members, although performers are not allowed to use the tokens before a performance. Because of this rule, a "beer bitch" is designated for the night. That person's sole purpose is to trade in actors' tokens for drinks, and deliver those drinks to the backstage area.
Souvenirs.
The souvenir stand offers a wide variety of Summer Mummers merchandise, such as t-shirts, hats, and bobble head of the mule train character. Similar merchandise is made available to the cast and crew, with the addition of the words "Cast & Crew" to the piece of merchandise.

</doc>
<doc id="9637956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637956" title="Jan Annino Godown">
Jan Annino Godown

Jan Annino Godown is an American writer who lives in Tallahassee, Florida.
JG Annino is the byline of writer Jan Godown, who in 2008 published "Florida's Famous Animals" with the Globe Pequot Press. It tells the stories of 13 real animals in Florida, whose interactions with humans made news. Jet the Dog, Big Guy the Panther & Snooty the Manatee are among the creatures whose stories are told.
Credited Works.
She Sang Promise: The Story of Betty Mae Jumper
illustrated by Lisa Desimini, afterword for children from Moses Jumper, Jr.
National Geographic Children's Books 2010
The author's literary work is published by Milkweed Editions in BOOK of the EVERGLADES & also The Southeast & Piedmont: Literary Field Guide

</doc>
<doc id="9637958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637958" title="Northwood High School (Ohio)">
Northwood High School (Ohio)

Northwood High School is a public high school in Northwood, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Northwood Local School District. Their nickname is the Rangers, with the school colors of blue and yellow. They are currently members of the Toledo Area Athletic Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9637960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637960" title="Ben Bard">
Ben Bard

Ben Bard (January 26, 1893 – May 17, 1974) was an American movie actor, stage actor, and acting teacher. With comedian Jack Pearl, Bard worked in a comedy duo in vaudeville. 
In 1926, Bard, Pearl, and Sascha Beaumont appeared in a short film made in Lee DeForest's Phonofilm sound-on-film process. He had a small roll in "The Bat Whispers" (1930). Later in the decade, he ran a leading Hollywood acting school, Ben Bard Drama. He married the serial film star Ruth Roland in 1929, and was married to Roland until her death in 1937.
Bard was recruited to be a leading man at Fox Film Corporation. However, he was typecast as a "Suave Heavy"—a smooth-talking, well-dressed fellow with a dark side. An example of this type is his portrayal of "Mr. Brun" in "The Seventh Victim" (1943). Also in 1943, Bard appeared in two other Val Lewton-produced horror films: "The Leopard Man", as Robles, the Police Chief, and "The Ghost Ship", as First Officer Bowns.
Death.
Bard died in Los Angeles in 1974, aged 81. His resting place is with Ruth Roland at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale. He is survived by his two sons, Bryan Barak Bard, a video documentary artist, and Bartley Bard, a professional director and screenwriter. 

</doc>
<doc id="9637971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637971" title="New Midleton Distillery">
New Midleton Distillery

The Midleton distilleries complex is situated in Midleton, County Cork, Ireland. It is owned by Pernod Ricard. Located alongside is the Old Midleton Distillery which was established in the early 17th century.
History.
In 1966, John Power & Son, John Jameson & Son and the Cork Distillery Company (which owned the Old Midleton distillery) merged to form the Irish Distillers Group. The board of the newly formed company decided to close their existing distilleries and consolidate all production at a new facility. This was built at Midleton as it was the only existing site with room for expansion. In July 1975, production ended at The Old Jameson Distillery and began in the new one. The old distillery has since been turned into a visitors centre. Since 2010 the distillery has expanded vastly, with Irish Distillers investing over €200 million to double the capacity of the plant and build a new maturing facility in Dungourney, a nearby village.
Production.
Midleton is one of the most modern distilleries in the world and has its production areas linked via fibre-optic networks. The Midleton factory, with a production capacity of 64 million litres per annum, is the largest in Ireland. The distillery boasts three 75,000 litre pot stills, and three column, which are used in combinations of three to produce different types of whiskey.
Visitor Attractions.
The New Midleton Distillery is next to the Old Midleton distillery, home of the visitors centre called the Jameson Experience. Like the visitors centre in Dublin at the Old Jameson Distillery, the tour explains the history of Jameson Whiskey. The story is told through a series of reconstructed scenes from the original distillery in Dublin, exhibition areas that show the seven stages of whiskey making, and a video that shows what the distillery was like when the creator John Jameson was alive. Small numbers of tourers can also participate in a taste test between Jameson Whiskey, Scottish whiskey, and American whiskey to become a "Qualified Irish Whiskey Taster".
Whiskeys Produced.
As a result of the different stills combinations that can be achieved, a range of different products can be produced.The most significant brands produced are:

</doc>
<doc id="9637981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637981" title="Jon Davies &amp; The Secret Syde">
Jon Davies &amp; The Secret Syde

The Secret Syde was a psych-punk band that came together in 1982 in the West End section of Long Branch, New Jersey. The original Secret Syde lineup of Jon Davies (vocals and guitar), Steve DeVito (lead guitar), Rob Angello (drums), and Dave DeSantis (bass) played together until 1984. They released one legendary album called "Hidden Secrets" on the Jersey Shore-based Mutha Records label, and recorded a second unreleased, now semi-legendary, album that was to be titled “Erebus.”

</doc>
<doc id="9637998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637998" title="Reuben Wilson">
Reuben Wilson

Reuben Wilson (born April 9, 1935) is a jazz organist. He performs soul jazz and acid jazz, and is best known for his title track "Got To Get Your Own"
He was born in Mounds, Oklahoma and his family moved to Pasadena when he was 5.
He played with in L.A. with drummer Al Bartee, then moved to New York to begin a recording career. In addition to playing with jazz greats Melvin Sparks and Willis Jackson, Wilson led the local band Wildare Express. He remains an active musician, and still resides in New York City.
Personal life.
Reuben Wilson has two children, Roderick Reuben Wilson (born November 22, 1957) and Reuben Reuel Wilson (born August 20, 1996). He lives in New York City. Roderick (his eldest son) is a professional drummer. Reuben (his youngest son) is attending Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School. He has been married twice.

</doc>
<doc id="9637999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9637999" title="Lake High School (Millbury, Ohio)">
Lake High School (Millbury, Ohio)

Lake High School is a public high school near Millbury, Ohio in Lake Township. It is the only high school in the Lake Local School District, serving about 500 students in grades 9 to 12.
Athletics.
Lake's nickname is the Flyers, named for the Metcalf Field Airport directly across the street from campus. They are members of the Northern Buckeye Conference. The school colors are Navy Blue,White and Columbia blue.
Lake's only state championships have come in individual sports. The three state championships include:
Football.
The football program has seen fleeting success since joining the Suburban Lakes League in 1996. Lake saw five consecutive seasons without a losing record from 2000 to 2005, including two state playoff appearances in 2000 and 2001, and a league championship in 2001 under Head Coach Jim Kubuske. After suffering levy problems, that included threats of canceled seasons, a roster hurt by transfers, and a forcing non-renewal of head coach Kubuske by the School Board, Lake has seen just three winning season since 2005, including a 7-3 season in 2009 and 6-4 in 2010.
Baseball.
Recent program success includes Suburban Lakes League Championships in 2001, 2002, and 2003, including a regional championship in 2001 and a regional runner-up in 2003.
2010 Tornado.
On Saturday, June 5, 2010 a large portion of Lake High School was destroyed by an EF4 tornado, which killed seven in the area around Millbury, Ohio. The tornado threw a bus onto the tennis courts and tore off the back end of the school and also hit the Lake Township police station. Graduation was to be held on Sunday, June 6 at the school. The building had been described as "completely destroyed" and "unsalvageable". One of those killed was the father of the 2010 valedictorian.

</doc>
<doc id="9638004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638004" title="Kelly pool">
Kelly pool

Kelly pool (also known as pea pool, pill pool, keeley, the keilley game, and killy) is a pocket billiards game played on a standard pool table using fifteen numbered markers called peas or pills, and a standard set of sixteen pool balls. Gameplay involves players drawing peas at random from a , which assigns to them the correspondingly numbered pool ball, kept secret from their opponents, but which they must pocket in order to win the game. Kelly pool is a game, which means that players must contact the lowest numbered on each shot first until the opportunity to pocket their own is presented. Two rule variants are set forth under rules promulgated by the Billiard Congress of America (BCA). In the simpler form, the object of play starts and ends with the goal of pocketing one's secret ball. In the second, in addition to the goal of pocketing one's secret ball, points are scored in various ways.
Reportedly invented by Chicagoan Calistus "Kelly" Mulvaney in 1893, kelly pool was a popular game during the early- to mid-20th century. Mentions of it were at one time common in US newspapers, often painting it in a negative light as its play was considered a stronghold of gambling. Authorities in various parts of the United States at times called for a moratorium on the game's play. Until 1964, in fact, playing the game was a fineable offense in the state of Montana.
Many billiard-specific and etymological sources point to kelly pool, or an early version of the game called kelly rotation, as the origin of the common idiom, "behind the eight ball". Some publications blithely assume the expression to be eponymously derived from the game of eight ball, but it has been pointed out that the expression came into use before eight ball was popularized, and that the game did not even use an "actual 8 ball" under the version first marketed to the public. The predecessor to the BCA, The National Billiard Association, meanwhile, holds that the expression simply emanates from the fact that the eight ball, being black-colored, is harder to see than other balls, thus resulting in an association with any difficult position.
Origins.
According to an article which appeared in the June 29, 1913 edition of the "Chicago Tribune", "Kelly pool was invented by Kelly Mulvaney". The quote is attributed in the article to Hugh E. Keough, a well-known Chicago sportswriter of 31 years. Further information is provided in a November 10, 1916 "Indianapolis Star" obituary for one Calistus Mulvaney, who is listed as having died the preceding day. The obituary, entitled "Originated 'Kelly Pool, states that: "... for thirty five years was identified with Kelly pool in the loop district ... He was widely known as the father of 'Kelly pool' and better known as Kelly Mulvaney than Calistus. He was born at Fox Lake Wis[consin sixty-five years ago."
In Calistus Mulvaney's entry in the 1910 United States Census "(pictured at right)", his occupation is listed as "billiard hall emp" and his position there as "keeper". As part of the same household, Mulvaney's brother-in-law's listing appears on the same census page, with his occupation and position identically recorded. The census records Mulvaney's age in 1910 as 56, his birthdate as "about 1854", his birthplace as Wisconsin, his spouse's name as Kate, and his area of residence at that time as Chicago Ward 14, Cook Co., Illinois. Although there is a given-name discrepancy, additional illumination is provided by Simpson M. Ritter in the publication "From the Annals of Sports". As Simpson is quoted in the book "Sports in the Pulp Magazines" by John A. Dinan:
Gameplay.
Kelly pool accommodates players with a wide variety of skill levels. The game is designed for group play with a minimum of 2 players, best suited for 4–6, but allowing up to 15 to take part. The Billiard Congress of America (BCA) publishes a long-standardized set of rules for the game.
Set up.
At the start of kelly pool, the numbered markers (commonly called or pills, and sometimes tally balls or shake balls) are placed in a specially made, narrow-necked container (called variously a , pea bottle, pill bottle, kelly bottle, tally bottle or shake bottle) which is shaken to randomly distribute them. Each player then draws a numbered pea from the bottle. The number of the pea drawn assigns to that player the correspondingly numbered , which that player must keep secret from his opponents. The object of the game is for the player to legally pocket their assigned, undisclosed ball (sometimes called their "private number").
At the start of the game a standard set of fifteen pool object balls are racked at the end of a pool table, with the of the rack centered over the . Viewed from the racker's vantage point, the 1 ball is placed at the rack's apex, the 2 ball at the rack's right corner and the 3 ball at the rack's left corner (as in the game of rotation); all other object balls are placed randomly. An is required, meaning that at least four balls must be driven to rails (as opposed to a , such as is used for the opening break in straight pool and one-pocket).
Rules of play.
Kelly pool is a game, which means that the lowest numbered ball on the table must be contacted by the cue ball on every shot. There are no called in kelly pool; the legal pocketing (i.e., with no committed on the same ) of the lowest numbered ball on the table, permits and "requires" the shooter to continue play. When a ball is illegally pocketed it is to the foot spot (or as close as possible, toward the ).
If a foul is committed, there is no point penalty and the incoming player has the option of accepting the table in position, or requiring the offending player to continue shooting. However, when the foul is the result of jumping the cue ball off the table, or it into a pocket, the incoming player has from the (behind the ), and retains the option of forcing the opponent to shoot. Whichever player ultimately shoots with cue ball in hand has the option of spotting the object ball to the foot spot if it is in the kitchen area.
Scoring.
There are two main scoring variations; under the first and simpler ruleset, the first player to pocket his private number wins. Under the second variation, although a player still wins by pocketing his private number, points are scored in various ways: 1) two points are given by each participant to the winning player for the pocketing of his private number; 2) a player receives one point for pocketing any other player's private number, and the player whose private number was pocketed is penalized one point (and can have a negative point total), but is not out of the game and can still win points in this way; 3) if a player whose private number is pocketed by another does not disclose this fact before a subsequent shot is taken, the non-disclosing player forfeits, immediately losing the game, and the player who made that ball is given two points instead of one. In the event that no player succeeds in pocketing his private number, gameplay ends when the last private number is potted, and the game is played again with all points values doubled.
Association with gambling.
Kelly pool has long been associated with gambling—so much so, that it was made illegal in some municipalities in the US and Canada. In the state of Montana, for example, the playing of kelly pool was punishable by a $25 fine until the law was repealed in 1964. Likewise, the playing of kelly pool was banned in the Canadian province of Manitoba at least as of 1918. Gambling exploits associated with kelly pool were often depicted in Clare Briggs' comic strip of the same name, which centered on the game. The "Kelly Pool" strip ("panel pictured at right"), ran in the "New York Tribune's" sports section from 1912 to 1917.
From the early- to mid-20th century numerous newspaper stories cover indictments of kelly pool as a bastion of gambling. In February 1908, the county attorney of Oklahoma City denounced kelly pool, declaring "that it comes with in the pale of the law against gambling", and issued orders to the city's sheriff's department to enforce a moratorium. In April 1912 a Vincennes, Indiana resident was indicted for embezzling $11,000 from the brick company he managed reportedly due "to his infatuation with 'pea' pool and shaking dice". The following month, Mayor Mudge of Edwardsville, Illinois announced that "effective at once ... poolrooms ... must do away with all forms of gambling, including Kelly Pool." In the same vein, in 1914 Judge J.A. McIlvaine of a Washington, Pennsylvania court, in passing sentence on a pool room proprietor who allowed pea pool games to be wagered on in his establishment, announced that persons committing similar crimes would "be severely punished ... This is the most pernicious form of gambling for it starts youths to higher grades of crime."
In January 1916 a Washington D.C. billiard hall proprietor was fined $100 by a Police Court judge for allowing the game to be played at his establishment. The United States Attorney handling the case told reporters "There is considerable playing of this Kelly pool in the poolrooms of the city, where many young men lose their entire week's wages on a single Saturday night, and I propose to have it stopped, if possible." In April 1922, Charleston, West Virginia's then mayor, Grant P. Hall, declared "baseball pools, pay-ball, Kelly pool and all other forms of gambling in billiard parlors and cigar stores must cease forthwith." Likewise, in December of the same year, Oxford, Ohio's then mayor, J. M. Hughes, declared a war on all forms of gambling, announcing in the local newspaper that "schemes of chance ... Kelly pool ... are contrary to law." In 1934, sports promoter and notorious gambler Jack Doyle's billiard establishment was raided and he, along with 14 patrons, were arrested for placing bets on Kelly pool.
"Behind the eight ball".
"Behind the eight ball" (or "behind the eight") is a common idiom meaning to be in trouble, stymied or thwarted, in an awkward position or out of luck. It is often assumed that the expression derives from the inability to use the 8 ball in a combination in the game of eight-ball—if the cue ball is directly behind the 8 ball a player has no direct shot route. Numerous billiards-specific and etymological publications state that the expression derives instead from kelly pool, or an early version of kelly pool called kelly rotation.
Billiards historian Michael Ian Shamos in "The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Billiards" (1993), citing information provided by Charles C. Peterson (first president of the Billiard Association of America), and Steve Mizerak and Michael E. Panozzo in "Steve Mizerak's Complete Book of Pool" (1990), indicate that ascribing the phrase's origin to the game of eight ball results in an anachronism, the phrase being traceable to at least 1919, while the form of game that became "eight-ball" was not described by that name, and its rules were not published in any official rule book, until after 1940. The game that would ultimately be named "eight ball," after a physical 8 ball became part of play, was invented shortly after 1900. That precursor game was little known until it was popularized in 1925 under the name "B.B.C. Co. Pool" by the Brunswick-Balke-Collender Company, marketed by them with a special set of balls that did not have a numbered 8 ball, but rather came with a ball set consisting of seven of one color, seven of another, and an unnumbered black ball. Thus, multiple-time world champion Steve Mizerak explains that "behind the eight ball" cannot derive from the game of eight ball as "the phrase predates the game ... by at least 20 years."
Two different kelly pool-based derivations for "behind the eight ball" are provided in diverse sources. As noted, in kelly pool each player is randomly assigned a specific ball of the fifteen ball rack, which must be made in numerical order. The game ends when any player makes his assigned ball. Based on these rules, one origin theory holds that when a large number of players are participating, players assigned balls numerically higher than 8—that is, balls that are "behind the 8 ball in order"—have little chance of winning. This is a result of the likelihood that random distribution will result in multiple players with assigned balls numbered lower than 8 having an opportunity to shoot first, and that with such large a number of players at least one will come to the table with the opportunity to shoot at his assigned ball.
A second theory refers to a kelly pool rule variation under which the 8 ball is excluded from assignment as a secret number and, if another ball strikes the 8 ball at any time during play, the player responsible is penalized. "So a position directly behind the eight ball is a position of great hazard."
A more generic origin of the phrase that is independent of any particular game's rule, instead depending from a property of the "8 ball itself", is proffered by Billiard Congress of America predecessor, The National Billiard Association, which organization was the governing body of American billiards from 1921 to 1941:

</doc>
<doc id="9638008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638008" title="Tucson Roller Derby">
Tucson Roller Derby

Tucson Roller Derby (TRD) is a women's roller derby league located in Tucson, Arizona. TRD is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit public charity organization. A member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA), Tucson Roller Derby is a skater-run non-profit organization formed in late 2003. Currently in its eleventh season, TRD hosts monthly flat-track roller derby competitions which showcase bouts among the various teams in the league, among other leagues in Arizona, and occasionally teams from national derby leagues. As of 2012, five teams comprise Tucson Roller Derby. The Furious Truckstop Waitresses (FTW), VICE Squad, and the Copper Queens comprise the three home teams. In addition to the home teams, the Saddletramps, made up of members from each of the three home teams, travel for inter-league and interstate challenges. TRD formed a second travel team in 2012, the Bandoleras. The Iron Curtain home team was disbanded after the 2009 season.
History.
Initially formed as the Tucson extension of the Phoenix-based Arizona Roller Derby, TRD was founded in 2003 by Kim Kysar (aka Kim Sin) when the Tucson skaters, citing geographical and logistical concerns, broke away from the parent league. At the time of the split, Tucson Roller Derby consisted of one team, The Furious Truckstop Waitresses (FTW). Since that time, Tucson Roller Derby has more than doubled in size, adding the Iron Curtain as a regular-season team in 2004, the Vice Squad in 2005, and the Copper Queens in 2007. TRD continues to have a "sisterly" relationship with AZRD, often facing off against each other with both their local-season and WFTDA inter-league teams. 
As one of the longest-established flat-track leagues, TRD has kept a high-profile in the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA) since the consortium's inception. Tucson had the honor of hosting the first-ever WFTDA National Championship Tournament over the weekend of February 24–26, 2006. Dubbed the "Dust Devil", the event hosted 20 WFTDA leagues from around the United States in a tournament to determine the nation's first-ever WFTDA national champion team. 
Due to the success of the first Dust Devil, TRD was chosen to host the 2007 WFTDA Western Regional Tournament. This second Dust Devil, featuring teams west of the Mississippi River, determined the 4 leagues to head to the Texas Shootout National Tournament in Austin, TX, where they faced off against the top 4 teams from the East. TRD still hosts this annual tournament, which now takes place in April.
Tucson Roller Derby received their Public Charity status on August 7, 2006, and is the first team in the WFTDA to receive a tax deductible status on donations.
Past champions.
Tucson Roller Derby completed its fifth season in September 2008.
2004 The Furious Truckstop Waitresses
2005 The VICE Squad
2006 The Furious Truckstop Waitresses
2007 The Furious Truckstop Waitresses
2008 The VICE Squad

</doc>
<doc id="9638014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638014" title="Vietnamese people in Russia">
Vietnamese people in Russia

Vietnamese people in Russia form the 72nd-largest ethnic minority community in Russia according to the 2002 census. With only 26,205 individuals, they are one of the smaller groups of overseas Vietnamese. However, unofficial estimates put their population as high as 100,000 to 150,000. Almost two-thirds reside in Moscow, concentrated in the southern part of the city, near the Akademicheskaya Metro station, where authorities have erected a statue of Ho Chi Minh. Other large communities can be found in Vladivostok and Saint Petersburg, though the community in Moscow is the most well-established and has the highest proportion of long-term residents (those who have been living there for more than 5 years). Assessments of their proficiency in the Russian language vary as well; the Census recorded that roughly 80% could speak Russian, while one article in Vietnamese state-run media claimed that "many Vietnamese find it unnecessary to learn Russian. In fact, many hardly speak the language at all." The Census also recorded that virtually all can speak Vietnamese.
Most Vietnamese people in Russia are entrepreneurs in the retail industry; with Russia's 2007 reform of rules for retail markets, which put restrictions on the proportion of immigrant-owned shops and require Russian-language proficiency examinations as a condition of being granted a work permit and a business licence, many Vietnamese will have to close their businesses and find other lines of work, probably as manual labourers. Students also form another important group; Ho Chi Minh himself studied in Moscow in the 1920s, along with other senior members of the Communist Party of Vietnam. They were followed by an estimated total of 50,000 Vietnamese who studied in Russia during the Cold War. Academic exchange between the two countries continued even after the dissolution of the Soviet Union; , roughly 4,000 Vietnamese students were studying in Russian universities; the Russian government provides scholarships to 160 of them. Notable Vietnamese students who have studied in Russia since the dissolution of the Soviet Union include Quynh Nguyen, a pianist from Hanoi who received a scholarshop to Moscow's Gnessin State Musical College.

</doc>
<doc id="9638015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638015" title="David Fowler (mathematician)">
David Fowler (mathematician)

David Herbert Fowler (April 28, 1937 – April 13, 2004) was a historian of Greek mathematics who published work on pre-Eudoxian ratio theory (using the process he called anthyphairesis). He disputed the standard story of
Greek mathematical discovery, in which the discovery of the phenomenon of incommensurability came as a shock.
His thesis was that, not having the real numbers, nor division, the Greeks faced difficulties in defining rigorously the notion of ratio. They called ratio 'logos'. Euclid Book V is an exposition of Eudoxus's theory of proportion, which Eudoxus discovered about 350BC, and which has been described as the jewel in the crown of Greek mathematics. Eudoxus showed by a form of abstract algebra how to handle rigorously the case when two ratios are equal, without actually having to define them. His theory was so successful that, in effect, it killed off perfectly good earlier theories of ratio, and Fowler's aim had been to find the evidence for the rediscovery of these previous theories.
In particular Theaetetus (c 414-369BC) introduced a definition of ratio using a procedure called anthyphairesis, based on the Euclidean subtraction algorithm. Fowler developed his ideas in a series of papers, culminating in the book The Mathematics of Plato's Academy: A New Reconstruction, which was published in 1987. This book is based on a study of the primary sources and on their assimilation and transformation.

</doc>
<doc id="9638032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638032" title="Still Bill">
Still Bill

Still Bill is the second studio album by American soul musician Bill Withers, released in 1972 by Sussex Records. It includes two hit singles: "Lean on Me", which is number 205 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time and went to number 1 on the "Billboard" pop and R&B charts in summer of 1972; and "Use Me", which went to number two on the same charts in fall of 1972. It was certified Gold by the RIAA.
The 2003 Columbia Records CD reissue includes two tracks from Withers' 1973 album "Live at Carnegie Hall".

</doc>
<doc id="9638035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638035" title="Nuno Carvalho">
Nuno Carvalho

Nuno Felipe Carvalho Teixeira (born 9 January 1987 in Amarante), known as Carvalho, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for UE Tàrrega in Spain, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="9638038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638038" title="S. R. Srinivasa Varadhan">
S. R. Srinivasa Varadhan

Sathamangalam Ranga Iyengar Srinivasa Varadhan FRS (born 2 January 1940) is an Indian American mathematician who is known for his fundamental contributions to probability theory and in particular for creating a unified theory of large deviations.
He is also the Jury Chair for the Infosys Prize 2013 for the discipline of Mathematical Sciences.
Early life and education.
Srinivasa Varadhan, known also as Raghu to friends, was born in Chennai (previously Madras) in 1940. Varadhan received his undergraduate degree in 1959 from Presidency College, Madras, and then moved to the Indian Statistical Institute in Kolkata. He was one of the "famous four" (the others were R. Ranga Rao, K. R. Parthasarathy, and Veeravalli S. Varadarajan ) in ISI during 1956-1963. He received his doctorate from ISI in 1963 under C. R. Rao, who arranged for Andrey Kolmogorov to be present at Varadhan's thesis defense. Since 1963, he has worked at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University, where he was at first a postdoctoral fellow (1963–66), strongly recommended by Monroe D. Donsker. Here he met Daniel Stroock, who became a close colleague and co-author. In an article in the "Notices of the American Mathematical Society", Stroock recalls these early years:
“Varadhan, whom everyone calls Raghu, came to these shores from his native India in the fall of 1963. He arrived by plane at Idlewild Airport and proceeded to Manhattan by bus. His destination was that famous institution with the modest name, The Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, where he had been given a postdoctoral fellowship. Varadhan was assigned to one of the many windowless offices in the Courant building, which used to be a hat factory. Yet despite the somewhat humble surroundings, from these offices flowed a remarkably large fraction of the postwar mathematics of which America is justly proud.”
Varadhan is currently a professor at the Courant Institute. He is known for his work with Daniel W. Stroock on diffusion processes, and for his work on large deviations with Monroe D. Donsker.
Varadhan is married to Vasundra Varadhan who is also an academic (in media studies in the Gallatin School of Individualized Study). They have two sons, one of whom died in the September 11 attacks in 2001. His other son, Ashok, is an executive at Goldman Sachs in New York City.
Awards and honours.
's awards and honours include the National Medal of Science (2010) from President Barack Obama, "the highest honor bestowed by the United States government on scientists, engineers and inventors". He received also the Birkhoff Prize (1994), the Margaret and Herman Sokol Award of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences, New York University (1995), and the Leroy P. Steele Prize for Seminal Contribution to Research (1996) from the American Mathematical Society, awarded for his work with Daniel W. Stroock on diffusion processes. He was awarded the Abel Prize in 2007 for his work on large deviations with Monroe D. Donsker. In 2008, the Government of India awarded him the Padma Bhushan. He also has two honorary degrees from Université Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris (2003) and from Indian Statistical Institute in Kolkata, India (2004).
Varadhan is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences (1995), and the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters (2009). He was elected to Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1988), the Third World Academy of Sciences (1988), the Institute of Mathematical Statistics (1991), the Royal Society (1998), the Indian Academy of Sciences (2004), the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (2009), and the American Mathematical Society (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="9638041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638041" title="Isamu">
Isamu

Possible writings.
Isamu can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.
People.
Isamu Akai, "Pocket Monsters" Manga

</doc>
<doc id="9638043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638043" title="CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament">
CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament

The CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament is an international football (soccer) event in the North America, Central America and the Caribbean region, and is the qualification tournament for the Olympic Games.
The two finalists qualify for the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9638054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638054" title="North Baltimore High School">
North Baltimore High School

North Baltimore High School is a public high school in North Baltimore, Ohio, USA. It is the only high school in the North Baltimore Local School District. Their nickname is the Tigers. They are members of the Blanchard Valley Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9638061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638061" title="Humberto Maturana">
Humberto Maturana

Humberto Maturana (born September 14, 1928, in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean biologist and philosopher. Many consider him a member of a group of second-wave cyberneticians such as Heinz von Foerster, Gordon Pask, Herbert Brün and Ernst von Glasersfeld.
Maturana, along with Francisco Varela, is particularly known for creating the term autopoiesis about the nature of reflexive feedback mechanisms in living systems, and concepts such as structural determinism and structure coupling. His work has been influential in many fields, mainly the field of systems thinking and cybernetics. Overall, his work is concerned with the biology of cognition.
Biography.
After completing secondary school at the "Liceo Manuel de Salas" in 1947, Maturana enrolled at the University of Chile, studying first medicine then biology. In 1954, he obtained a scholarship from the Rockefeller Foundation to study anatomy and neurophysiology at University College London. He obtained a PhD in biology from Harvard University in 1958.
He works in neuroscience at the University of Chile, in the research center "Biología del Conocer" (Biology of Knowledge). Maturana's work has been developed and integrated into the work on Ontological coaching done by Fernando Flores and Julio Olalla.
As of the year 2000, Maturana established his own reflection and research center: the Instituto de Formación Matriztica.
Work.
Maturana's research interest concerns concepts like cognition, autopoiesis, languaging, zero time cybernetics and structural determined systems. Maturana's work extends to philosophy and cognitive science and even to family therapy. He was early inspired by the work of the biologist Jakob von Uexküll.
His inspiration for his work in cognition came while he was a medical student and became seriously ill with tuberculosis. Confined in a sanatorium with very little to read, he spent time reflecting on his condition and the nature of life. What he came to realize was "that what was peculiar to living systems was that they were discrete autonomous entities such that all the processes that they lived, they lived in reference to themselves ... whether a dog bites me or doesn't bite me, it is doing something that has to do with itself." This paradigm of autonomy formed the basis of his studies and work.
Maturana and his student Francisco Varela were the first to define and employ the concept of autopoiesis. Aside from making important contributions to the field of evolution, Maturana is associated with an epistemology built upon empirical findings of neurobiology.Maturana and Varela wrote in their Santiago Theory of Cognition: ""Living systems are cognitive systems, and living as a process is a process of cognition". This statement is valid for all organisms, with or without a nervous system."
In popular culture.
Maturana influenced - and appears in coded form as a character in - the novel "Replay" by German author Benjamin Stein.
Publications.
The initial ground-breaking paper which stands as a prelude to all that followed:
Books, a selection: 

</doc>
<doc id="9638072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638072" title="Victor Zarnowitz">
Victor Zarnowitz

Victor Zarnowitz (born 1919 in Oświęcim Poland, d. 21 February 2009 in New York City) was a leading scholar on business cycles, indicators, and forecast evaluation. Dr. Zarnowitz was Senior Fellow and Economic Counselor to The Conference Board. He was Professor Emeritus of Economics and Finance, Graduate School of Business, The University of Chicago, and Research Associate, National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER).
In 1939, he fled Poland to escape the Nazi invasion, but was imprisoned by the Soviet Russians and worked at a labor camp in Siberia. Dr. Zarnowitz earned his Ph.D. in economics (summa cum laude) at the University of Heidelberg in Germany in 1951. He came to the United States in 1952. In 1959 he moved to Chicago and became a professor at the University of Chicago.
He was a Fellow of the National Association of Business Economists, Fellow of the American Statistical Association, Honorary Fellow of the International Institute of Forecasters, and Honorary Member of the Center for International Research on Economic Tendency Surveys (CIRET). In 2001, he received the William F. Butler Memorial Award from the New York Association for Business Economists. His numerous papers and books include An Appraisal of Short-Term Economic Forecasts (1967), The Business Cycle Today (1972), Orders, Production, and Investment (1973), and Business Cycles: Theory, History, Indicators, and Forecasting (1992). His most recent papers are "Has the Business Cycle Been Abolished?" (1998), "Theory and History Behind Business Cycles" (1999), and "The Old and the New in U.S. Economic Expansion" (2000).
He was notable as a researcher on the performance of economic forecasting, and he concluded that economic forecasters have little success in predicting business cycle turning points. He established that planners are better off using the average of forecasts, rather than relying on any individual forecast. This has become a common practice on the part of governments in the setting of their budgets.
Zarnowitz remained an active economist throughout his life. In 1999 he joined The Conference Board, the organization which publishes the Index of Leading Indicators and the Consumer Confidence Index. He continued working five-day weeks until the day before he died, according to The Conference Board, and he was also an active member of the Business Cycle Dating Committee at the National Bureau of Economic Research. His final decision with the committee was the determination that the Late-2000s recession had begun in December 2007.
The historical pattern in which deep recessions are usually followed by steep recoveries is known by economists as "the Zarnowitz rule".
Publications.
Zarnowitz, Victor (1985), 'Recent work on business cycles in historical perspective: a review of theories and evidence'. "Journal of Economic Literature" 23 (2), pp. 523–80.
Zarnowitz, Victor (1992), Business cycles: theory, history, indicators and forecasting. The university of Chicago press. In Studies in business cycles. vol 27. ISBN 0-226-97890-7
Zarnowitz, Victor (2008), 'Fleeing the Nazis, Surviving the Gulag, and Arriving in the Free World: My Life and Times,' Praeger, ISBN 978-0-313-35778-7

</doc>
<doc id="9638074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638074" title="Russian Vietnamese">
Russian Vietnamese

Russian Vietnamese or Vietnamese Russian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9638081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638081" title="Shiv Kumari of Kotah">
Shiv Kumari of Kotah

Her Highness Rajmata Shiv Kumari of Kotah (1 March 1916 – 12 January 2012) was an Indian Hindu royal and the daughter of Maharaja Ganga Singh of Bikaner. 
Early life.
Born in 1916 (although other sources indicate 1913 and 1915) she was married to Maharao Bhim Singh of Kotah in 1930. She was not, however, bound by the traditional restrictions of the Purdah. Kumari’s father ensured that she received modern education along with her male siblings at home. The Rathor Rajput princesses was skilled in shooting and bagged more than forty tigers both before and after her marriage.
As the Maharani of Kotah she became committed to the cause of education along with her contemporary and friend, Maharani Gayatri Devi of Jaipur. Kumari is vice-president of the latter’s Maharani Gayatri Devi Girls’ Public School in Jaipur.
Politics.
While her husband was the ceremonial governor of Rajasthan, Kumari was also active in politics and was elected to the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly as an independent member from Khanpur (Jhalawar District) from 1966-71. Along with her husband and family she traveled all around the world in the early decades of India’s independence.
Kumari was active in the socio-economic uplift of the Rajput community and is the vice-president of the Rajput Sabha. Like her contemporaries in Indian royalty she remained interested in the preservation of wildlife and jungle habitat. She managed a small estate near Kota called "Nawal Bagh", which had been bequeathed to her by Maharao Bhim Singh.
Rajmata.
Following the death of Maharao Bhim Singh in 1991, Kumari became the Rajmata (Queen Mother) while her son Brijraj Singh became the next Maharao. The royal residence of Umaid Bhawan was converted into a hotel but she continued to reside in the upper portions of the palace until her death in January 2012.
Death.
Kumari died on the evening of 12 January 2012. She had been admitted to the Intensive Care Unit of the Bharat Vikas Parishad Hospital in Kota on 9 January following a deterioration in the functioning of her kidneys. On the afternoon 12 January she was brought back by her family to her residence, the Ummed Bhawan Palace, without any improvement in her condition and the doctors declaring her death only a matter of time. Her last rites were performed on 13 January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9638098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638098" title="1718 in poetry">
1718 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638104" title="Wellgate Centre">
Wellgate Centre

The Wellgate Shopping Centre is one of the two main shopping centres located in the city centre of Dundee, Scotland, the other being the Overgate Centre.
It comprises three floors, including a food court. The centre has a variety of retailers and eateries, principally BHS which operates a two-level store at the entrance of the mall. The Dundee Central Library is even adjacent to the third floor of the centre, which is level with Victoria Road. From its early years until the reopening of the largely-rebuilt Overgate Centre in 2000, the Wellgate Centre was Dundee's principal shopping mall.
The construction of the Wellgate Centre in the late 1970s, follows the traffic flow of the original thoroughfare, which began with a flight of steps at the south end of the Hilltown and then became a street which ended at the junction of the Murraygate and Panmure Street; the two entrances to the Wellgate Centre are at the same locations as those of the original street (with the north entrance having a series of steps).
The 'gate' in Wellgate comes from the Old Norse word 'gata' meaning road or street and has the same origins as the word gait meaning 'to walk'. The street was referred to as 'Wellgate' because it led to a well at the foot of the Hilltown. Gate and gait can often be found in historic and modern street names, normally meaning the same thing and along with the Wellgate, Dundee's compact city centre retains several streets with this characteristic: Nethergate, Overgate, Murraygate, Seagate, and Marketgait.
In July 2013, it was reported that the owners planned to refurbish the centre, including construction of a 900-seat cinema. In March 2014, the BBC reported that an operator had been found for the proposed cinema, and that development work at the site was expected to take place later that year, taking 12 to 18 months to complete.
Stores.
Below are just a few of the many stores . For a full updated list visit the Store Finder

</doc>
<doc id="9638109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638109" title="1717 in poetry">
1717 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638111" title="Raether limit">
Raether limit

The Raether limit is the physical limiting value of the multiplication factor (M) or gas gain in an ionization avalanche process (Townsend avalanche). 
Even though, theoretically, it seems as if M can increase without limit (exponentially), physically, it is limited to about M < 108 or αx < 20 (where α is the first Townsend coefficient and x is the length of the path of ionization, starting from the point of the primary ionization.
Heinz Raether postulated that this was due to the effect of the space charge on the electric field. 
The multiplication factor or gas gain is of fundamental importance for the operation of the proportional counter ionising radiation detector.

</doc>
<doc id="9638112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638112" title="John Moffatt (actor)">
John Moffatt (actor)

Albert John Moffatt (24 September 1922 – 10 September 2012) was an English actor and playwright, known for his portrayal of Hercule Poirot on BBC Radio in twenty-five productions and for a wide range of stage roles in the West End from the 1950s to the 1980s.
Moffatt's parents wished him to follow a career in a bank, but Moffatt secretly studied acting and made his stage debut in 1944. After five years in provincial repertory theatre he made his first London appearance in 1946. In the early 1950s he was cast in small parts in productions headed by John Gielgud and Noël Coward, and achieved increasingly prominent roles over the next decade. He was a member of the English Stage Company, the Old Vic, and the National Theatre companies. His range was considerable, embracing the classics, new plays, revue and pantomime.
Moffatt began broadcasting on radio in 1950 and on television in 1953. His most enduring role was that of Agatha Christie's Belgian detective, Hercule Poirot, in a long sequence of radio adaptations of her novels, beginning in the 1980s and continuing at intervals into the 2000s. He was less well known as a film actor, but made twelve films between 1956 and 1987.
Life and career.
Early years.
Moffatt was born in Badby, Daventry, Northamptonshire, the son of Ernest Moffatt and his wife Letitia, "née" Hickman, servants to Queen Alexandra at Marlborough House and Sandringham. He was educated at East Sheen County School in west London, after which he spent three years as a bank clerk in the City of London. In the evenings he attended drama classes given by John Burrell at Toynbee Hall. Moffatt kept the lessons secret from his parents, who considered the theatre too insecure a career.
He made his first stage appearance in 1944 at the Liverpool Playhouse, playing the Raven, in a touring production for children of "The Snow Queen". He made his debut in regular theatre at the Perth Repertory in 1945, where his colleagues included Alec McCowen, with whom he established a lifelong friendship. Over the next five years he learnt his craft playing more than 200 parts in repertory companies at Oxford and Windsor, and the Bristol Old Vic. At Oxford he and the young Tony Hancock played Ugly Sisters together. Moffatt retained a fondness for pantomime; he became a celebrated Dame, and was the author of five pantomimes.
London.
Moffatt made his first London appearance in 1950, as Loyale in Tartuffe at the Lyric, Hammersmith. At the same theatre played the sinister waiter in Anouilh's "Point of Departure", with Dirk Bogarde, making his West End debut when the production transferred to the Duke of York's. In 1951 he made his first appearance in revue, in "Late Night Extra".
He was spotted by Binkie Beaumont, head of the theatrical production company H M Tennent, who cast him in prestigious West End productions. Moffatt was able to play alongside two of his idols John Gielgud and Noël Coward: with the former in "The Winter's Tale" in 1951 and in "Much Ado About Nothing" in 1952, and with the latter in "The Apple Cart" in 1953.
With the English Stage Company at the Royal Court he appeared in Nigel Dennis's "Cards of Identity" and Brecht's "The Good Woman of Szechuan" and attracted considerable attention as Mr Sparkish in Wycherley's "The Country Wife". The production transferred to the West End and Broadway. In September 1959 Moffatt joined the Old Vic company, playing in "As You Like It", "Richard II", "Saint Joan", "The Merry Wives of Windsor", "Henry V" and Barrie's "What Every Woman Knows". He played Algy in "The Importance of Being Earnest" on a tour of Britain, Poland and Russia. In 1962 he won the Clarence Derwent award as best supporting actor of the past season for his portrayal of Cardinal Cajetan in John Osborne's "Play" at the Royal Court, transferring to the West End and Broadway.
In 1963 Moffatt got his first starring role, as Lord Foppington in "Virtue in Danger", a musical adaptation of Vanburgh's "The Relapse". "The Times" said of this, "It established Moffatt as our leading exponent of foppery and it remained one of his favourite parts." In 1969 he joined Laurence Olivier's National Theatre company at the Old Vic. His roles included Fainall in "The Way of the World", Judge Brack in "Hedda Gabler" with Maggie Smith and Robert Stephens, directed by Ingmar Bergman, Menenius in "Coriolanus", Cardinal Arragon in "The White Devil", a range of parts in "The Captain of Köpenick" and Sir Joshua Rat in Adrian Mitchell's "Tyger".
1970s and 80s.
In 1972 Moffatt was narrator and one of the main performers in the revue "Cowardy Custard" at the Mermaid, a compilation of the words and music of Noël Coward, who was present at the premiere. Moffatt later played the playwright Garry Essendine in Coward's "Present Laughter", another of his favourite roles.
In "The Bed Before Yesterday" by Ben Travers (1975), Moffatt gave what "The Times" considered one of his subtlest performances as the hen-pecked husband opposite the sexually rampaging Joan Plowright. "The Daily Telegraph" commented that he made a touching theatrical virtue of both ruefulness and inadequacy. In "The Play's The Thing" (1979) an adaptation by P. G. Wodehouse of a play by Ferenc Molnar, (Greenwich, 1979) he played a monocled, acid-tongued theatre director. In "The Observer", Robert Cushman wrote, "John Moffatt, a master of the languishing comic art of flicking off a line without ever losing it, may be giving the performance of his life."
William Gaskill's production of "The Way of the World" (Chichester and the Haymarket, 1983–84), was overwhelmingly a triumph for Maggie Smith as Millamant (described by "The Guardian" as "one of the great high comedy achievements of the past three decades"), but according to "The Times", "the other great collector's performance is John Moffatt's Witwoud, a harmless old bitch got up like a coffee meringue, whose lines have never enjoyed more flawless touch and timing".
In Ronald Harwood's Interpreters (1985) Moffatt played a Foreign Office official striving to keep the peace between Maggie Smith's Nadia and Edward Fox's Viktor. His last West End play was "Married Love" (1988), Peter Luke's play about Marie Stopes; Moffatt received good notices for his performance as Bernard Shaw, but the play, and Joan Plowright's direction received harsh criticism, and the piece ran for less than a month.
Broadcasting.
Moffatt first broadcast on BBC radio in 1950 in "Mrs Dale's Diary". His later radio roles included Oswald to Gielgud's King Lear, Lord Chief Justice to Timothy West's Falstaff and Quilp in "The Old Curiosity Shop". He played both Holmes and Watson in radio adaptations. In the 1980s he was a member of the BBC's Radio Drama Company. His most conspicuous radio role was Hercule Poirot in adaptations of Agatha Christie's detective stories. He appeared in this part in 25 episodes, beginning with "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd" on 24 December 1987. They are listed below.
Programs recorded and released with John Moffatt starring as Poirot unless otherwise indicated:
"The Mysterious Affair at Styles"
"Murder on the Links"
"The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding"
"The Murder of Roger Ackroyd"
"The Mystery of the Blue Train" (* Maurice Denham)
"Peril at End House"
"Lord Edgware Dies (aka Thirteen at Dinner)"
"Murder in Mesopotamia"
"Murder on the Orient Express"
"Three Act Tragedy"
"Death in the Clouds"
"The A.B.C. Murders"
"Dumb Witness"
"Cards on the Table"
"Death on the Nile"
"Appointment with Death"
"Hercule Poirot's Christmas" (* Peter Sallis)
"One, Two, Buckle My Shoe"
"Sad Cypress"
"Evil Under the Sun"
"Five Little Pigs"
"Taken at the Flood"
"Mrs McGinty's Dead"
"After the Funeral"
"Dead Man's Folly"
"Hallowe'en Party"
"Elephants Can Remember"
Moffatt made his television debut in 1953, as Grebeauval in "The Public Prosecutor", and appeared many times on BBC and commercial television over the decades. He played Joseph Surface in "The School For Scandal", Brush in "The Clandestine Marriage", the Prince of Aragon in "The Merchant of Venice", Casca in "Julius Caesar", Malvolio and Sir Andrew in two different productions of "Twelfth Night", and Ben in R.F. Delderfield's "The Adventures of Ben Gunn". For the director Lindsay Anderson he appeared as George in Alan Bennett's 1979 television play "The Old Crowd". In the 1981 series "Private Schulz" he played Kaltenbrunner. He appeared in one episode of the televised adaptations of Agatha Christie's other celebrated detective series, "Miss Marple" as Edwards in "The Body in the Library". In Thames Television's adaptation of Nancy Mitford's "Love in a Cold Climate" he played the eccentric Lord Merlin.
Films.
Moffatt's film debut was in "Loser Takes All" (1956), in the small role of a hotel barman. His only other film in the 1950s was "The Silent Enemy" (1958). In the 1960s he appeared in Boy Jack (1961), and "Tom Jones" (1963). The 1970s were his most fruitful years as a film performer; he appeared in "Julius Caesar" (1970), 
"Lady Caroline Lamb" (1972), "Romance with a Double Bass" (1974), 
"Murder on the Orient Express" (1974), and "S.O.S. Titanic" (1979). In the 1980s he played in "Minder" (1982) "Britannia Hospital" (1982) and "Prick Up Your Ears" (1987), his last film.
Later years.
After retiring from stage acting in 1988, Moffatt regularly appeared with Judi Dench and her husband, Michael Williams in a verse compilation "Fond and Familiar". After Williams died in 2001, Dench and Moffatt performed the show with Geoffrey Palmer. The critic of "The Independent" wrote, "Limericks, epitaphs and autograph-book exhortations jostled with old war-horse recitations and some inspired lunacy. I especially liked … the solemn singing, in canon form, of the rule 'If you haven't been the lover of the landlady's daughter, then you cannot have another piece of pie'."
After a long illness, Moffatt died at his home two weeks short of his 90th birthday. He was unmarried, and was survived by a sister, Marjorie.

</doc>
<doc id="9638113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638113" title="Maximilian Leidesdorf">
Maximilian Leidesdorf

Maximilian Leidesdorf (June 27, 1818 – October 9, 1889) was an Austrian psychiatrist born in Vienna. 
In 1845 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna, afterwards visiting asylums in Italy, Germany, England and France. In 1856 he received his habilitation in Vienna, where he practiced medicine for the remainder of his career. In 1872 he became head of the department of mental illness at Vienna General Hospital, followed by an appointment in 1875 as director of the "Landesirrenanstalt" (State Lunatic Asylum). One of his famous assistants was Julius Wagner-Jauregg (1857-1940), winner of the 1927 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Much of his written work dealt with the correlation between physical and mental illnesses. With Theodor Meynert (1833-1892), he was co-founder of the quarterly psychiatric journal "Vierteljahresschrift für Psychiatrie". 
In 1876 he was summoned to Constantinople to examine the mental state of dethroned Sultan Murad V, and in 1886 was asked for advice on the mental condition of King Ludwig II of Bavaria.

</doc>
<doc id="9638123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638123" title="Perrysburg High School">
Perrysburg High School

Perrysburg High School is a public high school in Perrysburg, Ohio, United States. It is the only high school in Perrysburg Exempted Village School District. School athletic teams are known as the Yellow Jackets, and the school colors are black and gold. PHS's rival is Maumee High School. They are members of the Northern Lakes League.

</doc>
<doc id="9638126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638126" title="1715 in poetry">
1715 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638130" title="Harold Matthews Cup">
Harold Matthews Cup

The NSWRL Harold Matthews Cup is a junior rugby league competition played in New South Wales between teams made up of players aged under 16. The competition is administered by the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL). The competition is made up of NSW-based clubs and includes both junior representative teams of the elite National Rugby League (NRL) and clubs and academies that do not field teams in the NRL competition.
The competition is named after Harold Matthews, a Balmain Tigers secretary who later was appointed as manager of the Australian Test squad and later went on to become secretary of the NSWRL and ARL.
The clubs.
In 2011, seventeen clubs fielded teams in the NSWRL Harold Matthews Cup.
As of 2013, Melbourne Storm has joined in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9638141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638141" title="Norma Argentina">
Norma Argentina

Norma Argentina (born 1948 in San Luis, Argentina) is a film actress. 
She works in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9638142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638142" title="1714 in poetry">
1714 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events.
• January to July – The Scriblerus Club meets. The group includes John Gay, Thomas Parnell, Alexander Pope and Jonathan Swift.
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638145" title="Mount Doublehead">
Mount Doublehead

Mount Doublehead is a twin-peaked mountain in eastern New Hampshire, United States. It is located in the town of Jackson, Carroll County, in the eastern White Mountains. "North Doublehead" has an elevation of 3,053 feet (930.5 m) above sea level, while "South Doublehead" has an elevation of 2,939 ft (895.8 m).
Doublehead stands within the watershed of the Saco River, which drains into the Gulf of Maine. The eastern and southern slopes of Doublehead drain into the East Branch of the Saco River. The northwest side of Doublehead drains into Great Brook, thence into Wildcat Brook, the Ellis River, and into the Saco.
In 1934, the American composer Alan Hovhaness (1911–2000), who frequently climbed the White Mountains during his youth, wrote a composition for piano entitled "Fog on Mount Double Head" (Op. 1, no. 2).
South of the White Mountains, Doublehead Mountain (elevation 2,158 ft/657.8 m) is found in Sandwich, New Hampshire (also in Carroll County), in the Squam Mountains overlooking Squam Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="9638147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638147" title="Molescroft">
Molescroft

Molescroft is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north of Beverley town centre adjoining its northern border. It lies to the north of the A1174 road.
The Yorkshire Coast railway line from Hull to Scarborough passes through the parish but the nearest station is Beverley.
According to the 2011 UK census, Molescroft parish had a population of 6,820, an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 6,810.
Longcroft School is situated in the village, as is Molescroft Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="9638149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638149" title="1713 in poetry">
1713 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638164" title="1712 in poetry">
1712 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638174" title="Ice Storm of January 1999">
Ice Storm of January 1999

The Ice Storm of January 1999 was a severe ice storm that struck the Washington D.C. metropolitan area on January 14 and 15, 1999. Heavy ice accumulation bringing down power lines resulted in around 745,000 people in the area losing power. Many of the major power companies supplying DC, Maryland, and Virginia had significant portions of their customer bases impacted. At the height of the storm, around one third of PEPCO's customers were without power, with some waiting up to two weeks for power to be restored.

</doc>
<doc id="9638185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638185" title="Tomma">
Tomma

Tomma is an island in the municipality of Nesna in Nordland county, Norway. The island sits to the west of the islands of Handnesøya and Hugla. The island is at the southern entrance to the Sjona fjord. The main settlement on this island is the village of Husby, where the old Husby Estate and the Husby Chapel are located.
Name.
The Old Norse form of the name was "Þǫmb". This name is probably identical with the word "þǫmb" which means "paunch" or "belly". (It is common in Norway to compare topographic elements with parts of the human body.)

</doc>
<doc id="9638186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638186" title="1711 in poetry">
1711 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638198" title="Forum (KQED)">
Forum (KQED)

Forum is a two-hour live call-in radio program produced by KQED-FM, presenting discussions of local, state, national and international issues, and in-depth interviews. The program began in 1990 as a politics-oriented talk show, created and hosted by Kevin Pursglove. Since 1993, it has been hosted by scholar, author, professor, and former KGO Radio host Michael Krasny, who broadened the program's scope to a cross-section of current events. 
The format of "Forum" varies from show to show, but generally involves an in-person interview followed by public Q&A via phone or email with one or more subjects, often nationally prominent authors and scholars. The program airs for two hours on weekday mornings, with an hour repeated in the evening.

</doc>
<doc id="9638200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638200" title="Boltzmann brain">
Boltzmann brain

A Boltzmann brain is a hypothesized self aware entity which arises due to random fluctuations out of a state of chaos. The idea is named for the physicist Ludwig Boltzmann (1844–1906), who advanced an idea that the universe is observed to be in a highly improbable non-equilibrium state because only when such states randomly occur can brains exist to be aware of the universe.
The Boltzmann brains concept is often stated as a physical paradox. (It has also been called the "Boltzmann babies paradox".) The paradox states that if one considers the probability of our current situation as self-aware entities embedded in an organized environment, versus the probability of stand-alone self-aware entities existing in a featureless thermodynamic "soup", then the latter should be vastly more probable than the former if both scenarios are to be created out of random fluctuations. The usual resolution of the Boltzmann brain paradox is that we and our environment exist in a universe that is far from thermodynamic equilibrium and are the products of a long process of natural selection, which can produce complex and improbable outcomes without violating the laws of thermodynamics.
Boltzmann brain paradox.
The Boltzmann brains concept has been proposed as an explanation for why we observe such a large degree of organization in the universe (a question more conventionally addressed in discussions of entropy in cosmology).
Boltzmann proposed that we and our observed low-entropy world are a random fluctuation in a higher-entropy universe. Even in a near-equilibrium state, there will be stochastic fluctuations in the level of entropy. The most common fluctuations will be relatively small, resulting in only small amounts of organization, while larger fluctuations and their resulting greater levels of organization will be comparatively more rare. Large fluctuations would be almost inconceivably rare, but are made possible by the enormous size of the universe and by the idea that if we are the results of a fluctuation, there is a "selection bias": we observe this very unlikely universe because the unlikely conditions are necessary for us to be here, an expression of the anthropic principle.
The Boltzmann brain paradox is that any observers (self-aware brains with memories like we have, which includes "our" brains) are therefore far more likely to be Boltzmann brains than evolved brains, thereby at the same time also refuting the selection-bias argument. If our current level of organization, having many self-aware entities, is a result of a random fluctuation, it is much less likely than a level of organization which only creates stand-alone self-aware entities. For every universe with the level of organization we see, there should be an enormous number of lone Boltzmann brains floating around in unorganized environments. In an infinite universe, the number of self-aware brains that spontaneously randomly form out of the chaos, complete with false memories of a life like ours, should vastly outnumber the real brains evolved from an inconceivably rare local fluctuation the size of the observable universe.

</doc>
<doc id="9638201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638201" title="1710 in poetry">
1710 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="9638205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638205" title="Jackson, Michigan (Amtrak station)">
Jackson, Michigan (Amtrak station)

Jackson is an Amtrak station in Jackson, Michigan, United States. It is served by the . The station was rebuilt by the Michigan Central Railroad in 1872, as a replacement for an earlier station built in 1841, and was used as a Union Station, which also served the Jackson, Lansing and Saginaw Railroad, the Fort Wayne, Jackson and Saginaw Railroad, the Grand River Railway, and the Michigan Air Line Railroad. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in the year 2002.
In 1978, a former disgruntled Amtrak employee named Rudy Bladel killed three former coworkers at the station. The murder trial lead to a U.S. Supreme Court case, "Michigan v. Jackson", on the admissibility of confessions.
There are currently plans to repair and modernize the station, including possibly converting into a true intermodal facility on the model of the Kalamazoo Transportation Center. The Michigan Department of Transportation has made a $300,000 grant for roof and brick repairs; city officials estimate that a full renovation/expansion would cost $10-13 million.

</doc>
<doc id="9638206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638206" title="Mugstar">
Mugstar

Mugstar are an English rock band, influenced by kraut/psych/space/noise rock such as Oneida, Sonic Youth, Neu! and Hawkwind. Since 2003 they have issued several full length albums, a split release with Mudhoney and an etched 10”. Mugstar recorded the last-ever Peel Session with the late John Peel. 
History.
Mugstar formed in Liverpool. Their first single, "Spotlight Over Memphis", drew attention from John Peel, who played the 7" on his radio show. It was after the next 7", "Flavin' Hotrod", that Peel offered the band a Peel Session. A split 7" with Hunting Lodge followed. A mini-album on Kabukikore Records, "Dark Matter", come next, closely followed by a session for BBC Radio One's Huw Stephens. In January 2006 the band released "My Baby Skull Has Not Yet Flowered".
The band's self-titled debut album was released on CD at the end of 2006 on Sea Records, and on Critical MASS Records on a limited run of heavy weight vinyl in 2007. Mugstar then started a productive relationship with Ireland based Trensmat Records with run of limited 7" singles. One of these releases was a split 7" with Seattle's Mudhoney, with both bands doing covers of Hawkwind songs. During this time Red Panda and Mugstar featured on a one-sided 10" single, each performing half of "Tamlin", a song made famous by Fairport Convention.
Mugstar signed to Important Records, who then released "...Sun, Broken..." in March 2010. Their third album, "Lime", was released in November 2010. For Record Store Day 2011 Mugstar contribute a cover of "I Got the Six" by ZZ Top for "I'm So Agitated", a 12" also featuring Carlton Melton, The Heads and Kool Aid, on Agitated Records. "Lime" and "...Sun, Broken..." have both been released through Agitated Records on vinyl in September 2011. These were followed by a split album on Rocket Recordings with New York's Oneida - called "Collisions 2" - and a 40 remix of "Serra" (from "Lime") by Loop's Robert Hampson.
The band's fifth album, "Axis", came out in late 2012.
In April 2013 they performed a radio session for Marc Riley on his BBC 6 Music evening show.
For Record Store Day 2013 Mugstar released 'Centralia' their sixth album. 
They have a new album on Important Records in November 2013. 
Mugstar are currently signed to Important Records in the US and to Agitated Records in the UK.
Discography.
Spotlight Over Memphis 7” Critical Mass Records (10/03)
Flavin’ Hotrod 7” Critical Mass Records (05/04)
Peel Session BBC Radio 1 (10/04)
Split 7” w. Hunting Lodge Farm Girl Records (11/04)
Dark Matter Mini-Album Kabukikore Records (03/05)
Trail Singles Comp. Critical Mass Records (10/05)
My Baby Skull Has Not Yet Flowered 7” Lancashire & Somerset Records (01/06)
Mugstar Album - CD Sea Records / Vinyl Critical Mass Records (11/06)
Bethany Heart Star 7” Trensmat Records (01/07)
Born To Go 7" Split with Mudhoney Trensmat Records (11/08)
Tam Lin 10" Split with Redpanda Lancashire & Somerset Records (12/08)
Technical Knowledge As A Weapon 7" Trensmat Records (08/09)
...Sun, Broken... CD Important Records (03/10)
Lime CD Important Records (11/10) Vinyl Agitated Records (09/11)
Collisions 2 Split Album with Oneida vinyl Rocket Recordings (10/11)
Distant Sun Serra Remix Robert Hampson Agitated Records (11/11)
Black Fountain Split 7" with Carlton Melton Trensmat Records (12/11)
Ad Marginem Vinyl album with DVD Agitated Records (09/12)
AXIS Vinyl/CD Agitated Records (10/12)
Centralia Vinyl album Cardinal Fuzz Records (04/13)
Travel Expop Series #2: Great Britain split album with The Oscillation / Ben Nash / Listening Mirror Hands In The Dark / All Time Low Records (08/13) 
Band members.
Pete Smyth - Guitar/vocals/keyboards
Neil Murphy - Guitar/noises/knowledge
Jason Stoll - Bass/sax/upper cuts
Steve Ashton - Drums
Sam Wiehl / Robert Parker - Visuals/projections

</doc>
<doc id="9638208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638208" title="Leoncio Prado Military Academy">
Leoncio Prado Military Academy

The Leoncio Prado Military Academy is a Peruvian educational institution founded on 27 August 1943 by President of the Republic Manuel Prado Ugarteche and Secretary of Education Elías La Rosa.
The academy came to worldwide notice as the setting of the novel "The Time of the Hero" by the Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa.
Creation.
On 18 January 1944, through Law 9890, the Academy was named after Leoncio Prado Gutiérrez, one of the Peruvian heroes of the War of the Pacific. On 15 July 1944 it was officially inaugurated and started to function. The first authorities of the Academy were Headmaster Army Colonel José del Carmen Marín Arista and Academic Director Dr. Manuel Velasco Alvarado.
In 1945, Colonel Juan Mendoza Rodríguez took over the direction of the school. Among the first teachers at the Academy were Gustavo Pons Muzzo, Alfredo Rebaza Acosta, Walter Peñalosa Ramella, Humberto Santillán Arista, Flavio Vega Villanueva, Ricardo Cazorla Sormani, and Luis Bedoya Reyes.
Location and structure.
The school is located in the La Perla District on the border of Callao and the San Miguel District, Lima in the Costanera Avenue, number 1541.
The structure was originally based on the 'Guardia Chalaca Barracks', made of two pavilions without doors or windows. Later on, the school was furnished with other facilities like a dining room, bedrooms, infirmary, laboratories, administrative offices, auditorium, swimming pool, a stadium, library, a gym and a coliseum enclosure.
Academic reform.
Between 1977 and 1981 it went through a period of reform aimed to transforming it from a military secondary school to a Professional Education Centre, based on the Academic Reform standards which were being implemented at the time. Most of the teachers of the previous era migrated away from the school and a new badge of teachers joined the Academy.
In 1982, it was decided to keep it as a secondary school. Currently, its academic programme is based on the guidelines of Peru's Ministry of Education.
References.
http://www.cmlpxxxii.com/scripts/historia_del_CMLP.asp

</doc>
<doc id="9638220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638220" title="Floyd Speer">
Floyd Speer

Floyd Vernie Speer was an American professional baseball pitcher. He was born on January 27, 1913, in Booneville, Arkansas. He attended Booneville High School, where he starred in baseball. His twin brother, Bernie Loyd Speer, was often his catcher. 
Floyd began his professional baseball career in 1938 in the now-defunct Cotton States League. He moved to play for Shreveport in the Texas League in 1941. At the age of 30, Speer broke into the big leagues on April 25, 1943, with the Chicago White Sox. He played his last game with the Sox on May 3, 1944. He later played for other minor league teams, including the Milwaukee Brewers in 1945 and the Oakland Oaks in 1946-48.
Floyd Vernie Speer married Rosadell McConnell, who was also from Booneville, Arkansas.
Speer returned to Arkansas where he died in Little Rock on March 22, 1969. He was 56 years old. Speers was returned to his hometown of Booneville, where he was buried in the Carolan Community Cemetery, 5 miles outside of town.

</doc>
<doc id="9638224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638224" title="Trash Box">
Trash Box

The Trash Box is a 5-CD box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings, primarily by American bands. This box set is similar to the earlier "Pebbles Box" (a 5-LP box set) and includes almost all of the same recordings in that box set (and in the same order), along with numerous bonus tracks at the end of each disc. Supposedly, "the Trash Box" collects the first five volumes of the CDs in the Pebbles series (i.e., those released by AIP Records, not to be confused with the 4 earlier CDs that were issued by ESD Records). However, as is generally true of the CD reissues of these five volumes (though not nearly to the same extent), the tracks differ significantly on all five discs as compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes; and the surf rock rarities on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been eschewed entirely. Overall, there are 109 tracks in the box set (excluding the introduction and ending cuts) as compared to 101 songs on the individual CDs and 72 tracks in the "Pebbles Box". Although most of the recordings on "the Trash Box" were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums, several of the songs have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series. Inexplicably, one of these songs is the well-known hit "I Fought the Law (but the Law Won)" by the Bobby Fuller Four (on Disc Four) – which is also included in the "Pebbles Box" – in place of the much rarer "Wine Wine Wine" by Bobby Fuller that appears on "Pebbles, Volume 2".
Release data.
This box set was released (reportedly in 2004) in the United Kingdom on the HIT Records label with a similar catalogue number as the "Pebbles Box", #CDBOXX1. Like AIP Records – which released the later albums in the Pebbles series – Ubik Records is one of the record labels that was started by Bomp! Records.
Similarities and Differences with the Pebbles Box.
Nearly all of the tracks in the "Pebbles Box" are included on the corresponding disc in "the Trash Box", with the bonus selections at the end of each disc. However, there are a few exceptions. On Disc Two, the second recording by the Inmates is "Fakirs and Thieves" rather than "I Can Make it without You"; both songs are not otherwise available on Pebbles albums. The recordings by GONN and the Dearly Beloved are in reverse order on Disc Three in "the Trash Box", as is also true of the songs by the Bethlehem Exit and Edgin Inds on Disc Four. Finally, the song on Disc Five of "the Trash Box" by the Bitter End is "Find Someone to Love" instead of "If You Want Somebody".
Differences with the Original Pebbles LPs.
While "the Trash Box" is supposed to collect the first five albums in the Pebbles series, the recordings in this box set are actually much different from both the original LPs and the original CDs. Specifically, as to the first Pebbles LP, 4 of the 8 tracks on Side 1 and 6 of the 8 tracks on Side 2 of the original LP are included on Disc One in the Trash Box and in the same order (plus "Rich with Nothin'" is on Disc Two). Some of the omissions are true garage rock classics, like "Spazz" and "I'm in Pittsburgh (and it's Raining)"; the other omitted songs are "Going All the Way" (which is also not included on the CD version of the original Pebbles album), "You Treat Me Bad", and the Canadian monster "1-2-5" (although there is another song by the Haunted on Disc Four). 
The situation is similar on the "Pebbles, Volume 2" LP, where just 4 songs from Side 1 and 3 songs from Side 2 are on Disc Two of this set, with "Green Fuz" moved to the other side of Disc Two and the Electric Prunes radio commercial to Disc Three. The lamented deletions include legendary bands like Zakary Thaks and the Moving Sidewalks (where Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top started out), plus the remarkable track called "Makin' Deals" by the Satans that opened that LP, which has the same general theme and even some of the same lyrics as the later Stones classic, "Sympathy for the Devil". Songs by the Litter and The Squires and both cuts by the Dovers are also left off the Trash Box, along with the bratty "So What!" and (as already noted) "Wine Wine Wine". 
Disc Three includes 11 of the songs on the psychedelic grab-bag that is the "Pebbles, Volume 3" LP; additionally (as noted below), two of the standout cuts on the album, "I'm Five Years Ahead of My Time" and "Voices Green and Purple" are among the bonus tracks on the Trash Box that are not on the Pebbles Box. There are also several other omissions: "I'm Allergic to Flowers", "Soggy Cereal", "Dom Kellar os Mods", "Like a Dribbling Fram" and the bonus track. 
As noted, all of the tracks on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been omitted from the Trash Box. Although many songs appear on other Pebbles albums, none of the recordings on Disc Four appear on the first five LPs in the Pebbles series.
Finally, fully half of the recordings on "Pebbles, Volume 5" are not included on Disc Five of the Trash Box: "Go Away", "You Don't Know Me", "Why", "Universal Vagrant", "I Tell No Lies", "You Need Love", "The Way it Used to Be", "I Need Love", and "The Way I Feel".
Differences with the Original Pebbles CDs.
When AIP Records reissued the first five volumes in the Pebbles series on CD, a few tracks were omitted. While most of these tracks are also among those that are omitted from both the "Pebbles Box" and "the Trash Box", there is a single exception: "Cracking Up" by the Wig was inadvertently left off the CD reissue of "Pebbles, Volume 1" – although it is listed on the printed material for the CD – and is included on both of these box sets (on Disc One). Additionally, the two best omitted tracks from the "Pebbles, Volume 3" LP are on "the Trash Box" but not on "the Pebbles Box": "I'm Five Years Ahead of My Time" by the Third Bardo is a bonus track on Disc One, and "Voices Green and Purple" by the Bees is a bonus track on Disc Two. 
For the most part, however, this section concentrates on the bonus tracks on the CDs as compared to "the Trash Box". There are many more bonus tracks on "the Trash Box" than on the Pebbles CDs: Other than "Pebbles, Volume 4" (which is completely omitted from both box sets), there are 19 bonus tracks on the individual Pebbles CDs that are not on the individual Pebbles LPs, as compared to 37 bonus tracks on "the Trash Box" that are not on "the Pebbles Box". Although less than one-half of these 19 tracks are included on "the Trash Box", most of those are also on "the Pebbles Box". Regarding "Pebbles, Volume 1", "Ain't No Friend of Mine" by the Sparkles is a bonus track on Disc Two; while the classic "Blackout of Gretely" by GONN is not included, the band's "Doin' Me In" is on Disc Four of both box sets. Among the bonus tracks on the "Pebbles, Volume 2" CD, the second song by the Choir is a bonus track on Disc Four of "the Trash Box"; "She'll Lie" by Satan & D-Men is on Disc Four of both box sets; and "Crazy Things" by the Quid is on Disc Three of both box sets. Only one of the six bonus tracks on the "Pebbles, Volume 3" CD is included in "the Trash Box"; "Rattle of Life" by Oshun is on Disc Three on both box sets. Finally, one of the "Pebbles, Volume 5" CD bonus tracks, "Stop and Listen" by The Shag is on Disc One of both "the Pebbles Box" and "the Trash Box".

</doc>
<doc id="9638232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638232" title="Oregon Route 339">
Oregon Route 339

Oregon Route 339 (OR 339) is an Oregon state highway running from the Washington state line near Ferndale to OR 11 in Milton-Freewater. OR 339 is known as the Freewater Highway No. 339 (see Oregon highways and routes). It is long and runs north–south, entirely within Umatilla County.
OR 339 was established in 2003 as part of Oregon's project to assign route numbers to highways that previously were not assigned, and, as of July 2010, was unsigned.
Route description.
OR 339 begins at an intersection with State Line Road approximately one and one half miles north of Ferndale, at the Washington state line, and heads south through Ferndale and Sunnyside. Approximately one-half-mile south of Sunnyside, OR 339 intersects OR 332. OR 339 then continues south to Milton-Freewater, ending at an intersection with OR 11.
History.
OR 339 was assigned to the Freewater Highway in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9638238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638238" title="Orin, Pyrénées-Atlantiques">
Orin, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Orin is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="9638243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638243" title="45th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
45th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 45th Infantry Regiment was a unit of the Philippine Scouts in the Philippine Division.
History.
The 45th along with the 57th Infantry Regiment were the first two infantry regiments of the Philippine Scouts which were formed after World War I. They were most well known for their participation in the Battle of the Philippines (1941-42) during World War II and their eventual surrender to Japanese forces on April 10, 1942.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device in height consisting of a shield blazoned: Azure in sinister chief an abaca tree (Manila hemp plant) Proper in base a mullet of the field fimbriated Argent, on a canton of the last the Roman numeral X of the first behind which paleways a Roman sword in sheath Gules (for the 10th Infantry). Attached above the shield from a wreath Argent and Azure a demi-lion Or grasping in his dexter paw a burning torch Argent, fire Proper. 
The Regiment was organized in 1917 at Fort Benjamin Harrison, Indiana, by transfer of personnel from the 10th Infantry. The shield is blue for the Infantry and the parentage of the Regiment is shown by the canton. The early station of the Regiment was the Philippines; this is indicated by the abaca tree which is a source of great wealth in the Islands and which grows native in no other place. The star in the base of the shield is the blue star of the old First Philippine Infantry. The crest of the Harrison family, General and President William Henry and General and President Benjamin Harrison, is a lion. This is also the upper body of the crest of the Philippines, a sea lion. The device of the State of Indiana is a torch. These are combined to form the crest of the Regiment. 
The distinctive unit insignia was approved on 12 September 1923. It was rescinded on 19 August 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="9638259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638259" title="Fairbanks Scales">
Fairbanks Scales

Two brothers, Thaddeus and Erastus Fairbanks founded the Fairbanks Scales manufacturing company in 1830 in St. Johnsbury, Vermont.
Fairbanks employs over 500 employees nationwide. It maintains service centers, distributors and sales offices in 49 states and in over 25 countries. It sells precision and bench scales, heavy capacity truck scales, and railroad track scales.
History.
Thaddeus was a wagon maker by trade. He built a foundry in 1823 to manufacture two of his inventions - the cast iron plow and a stove. In 1824, Erastus joined Thaddeus to form the E & T Fairbanks Company in St. Johnsbury, Vermont. The brothers believed that the weighing systems of the time yielded inaccurate results. Thaddeus attempted to produce a competitive device.
Through an arrangement of levers, Thaddeus Fairbanks was able to tremendously reduce the amount of weight needed to counterbalance a load. He then dug a pit for his lever design, placing the platform level with the ground. This modification ended the task of having to hoist the entire load.
In his first design, Thaddeus rested a platform on two long levers which were connected to a steelyard, upon which the counterbalance was placed. Although achieving accurate weighing results, instability of the design was troubling. By adding two short levers to his long ones, he established support points at all four corners of the platform. Now his scale was not only accurate, but very stable. In 1830, Thaddeus built his first real scale and applied for a patent.
By the time of the Civil War, Fairbanks' scales were the best known American product in the world. Erastus and Thaddeus were now joined by their younger brother, Joseph. The modest one-building operation expanded to 40 buildings with more than of floor space by 1910.
E & T Fairbanks & Company offices opened in the cities of Boston and New York in the 1870s. Fairbanks’ scales were sold in Europe. Thaddeus sold the manufacturing rights to H. Poole and Sons in England in the 1830s, thus creating an international marketing niche.
In 1846, trade began in China. Two years later, Joseph Fairbanks began selling scales to Cuba. In 1860, the Vermont-based company sold scales throughout the Caribbean, South America, India and Russia. In fact, European sales grew to such an extent that Fairbanks established a facility in Budapest to assemble scales.
In 1867, Fairbanks produced 4,000 scales a month. The U.S. Post Office ordered 3,000 postal scales in various capacities; E & T Fairbanks & Company filled the order in just eight days.
By 1882, more than 80,000 Fairbanks scales were produced annually. By 1897, the company held 113 patents for improvements and inventions in weighing. Fairbanks offered its customers 2,000 standard model scales, yet made as many as 10,000 different models and custom systems.
Fairbanks-Morse.
In 1916, Charles Hosmer Morse, a Fairbanks employee, acquired control of the company. Then in 1927, the Fairbanks office in New York became part of the Fairbanks-Morse company, giving Fairbanks-Morse complete control over the manufacturing and distribution of Fairbanks Scales. During this time the Fairbanks-Morse company produced scales, locomotives, diesel engines, electric engines and pumps for industrial use.
Fairbanks-Whitney and Colt Industries.
In 1958, Fairbanks-Morse merged with Penn-Texas and was renamed Fairbanks-Whitney.
Following the merger, the company stagnated. In 1962 George Strichman was appointed president. Renamed Fairbanks Weighing Division of Colt Industries.
A modern manufacturing plant replaced the deteriorating facilities in St. Johnsbury, Vermont in 1966. Kenneth F. Hammer served as company president from 1968–1985. It became one of the top scale manufacturers, with almost fourteen hundred employees in its St. Johnsbury, VT, Meridian, MS, and Holmdale, CA plants and 60 sales and service locations across the US.
In 1975, a new factory was built in Meridian, Mississippi, producing a variety of products designed for heavy capacity weighing. In 1988 Fairbanks came under the current management of F.A. "Bill" Norden, president and major stockholder of Fairbanks Scales. He headed a group which acquired the company from Colt Industries. Finance, marketing and executive offices were moved from St. Johnsbury to Kansas City, Missouri. 
In 1999, F.A. Norden was named Chairman of the Board and his son, Richard Norden, became Fairbanks' President and COO.

</doc>
<doc id="9638271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638271" title="Constitutional Court of Bulgaria">
Constitutional Court of Bulgaria

The Constitutional Court of Bulgaria is in charge of reviewing the constitutionality of laws and statutes brought before it, as well as the compliance of these laws with international treaties that the Government has signed. The 12 members of the Constitutional Court serve a nine-year term. Parliament elects 1/3 of them. President elects 1/3.

</doc>
<doc id="9638286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638286" title="Sycamore Junior High School">
Sycamore Junior High School

Sycamore Junior High School (SJHS) is a two-year public junior high school located in Montgomery, Ohio. Until 1974, it served as the high school building for the district. It is the only junior high school and only school for 7th and 8th graders in the Sycamore Community School District and has been recognized nationally for its excellence in musical education.
Sports.
Sycamore Junior High has a large amount of junior high sports offered (there are 22 sports). The school has 39 athletic teams. The Sycamore High School Football Team plays at Sycamore Stadium (Bud Acus Field), which is located at the Junior High.
Activities.
Music
The school has an award-winning choral program, with five different choirs at the school that students can participate in; Chorale, 7th and 8th grade girl's Treble Tones, Concert Choir, Sycamore Singing Company (audition required, after school), and Boy Choir (no audition, before school). Each year, the choirs go on a choir trip to the Music in the Parks competition, held at one of the major parks in the U.S including Chicago, Atlanta, St. Louis, New York City, Hershey and more. There is also an orchestra, band, piano,guitar and international/world music. The orchestra also is recognized as one of the best in the state. They compete every year in several different competitions, and they are one of the best scorers every time. 
MATHCOUNTS
Sycamore Junior High has had a very notable group of MATHCOUNTS teams for the past decade. Always reaching the Chapter and State Rounds, the team often scores very high among the top teams at the State Round in Columbus, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="9638287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638287" title="Tomio">
Tomio

Tomio is a male Japanese given name. 

</doc>
<doc id="9638289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638289" title="Parliamentary representation from Huntingdonshire">
Parliamentary representation from Huntingdonshire

The historic county of Huntingdonshire, located in the modern-day East of England region, has been represented in the Parliament of the United Kingdom since the 13th century. This article provides the list of constituencies which have formed the parliamentary representation from Huntingdonshire.
In 1889 the area of the historic county formed the administrative county of Huntingdonshire. In 1965 the administrative county was merged with the Soke of Peterborough. Peterborough had been an administrative county which was part of the historic county of Northamptonshire. In 1974 Huntingdon and Peterborough was combined with the administrative county of Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely, to form a new expanded non-metropolitan county of Cambridgeshire. 
The first part of this article covers the constituencies wholly or predominantly within the area of the historic county of Huntingdonshire, both before and after the administrative changes of 1889, 1965 and 1974. The second part refers to constituencies mostly in another historic county, which included some territory from the historic county of Huntingdonshire. The summaries section only refers to the constituencies included in the first section of the constituency list. For more information on the constituencies currently covering the modern-day ceremonial county of Cambridgeshire, see List of Parliamentary constituencies in Cambridgeshire.
List of constituencies.
Key to abbreviations:
Type: 
Notes:
Note: Dates of representation prior to 1654 are provisional. The constituencies which existed in 1707 were previously represented in the Parliament of England.
Constituencies wholly or predominantly in the historic county.
Note: North West Cambridgeshire does not include any part of the historic county of Cambridgeshire. It combines ten wards of the District of Huntingdonshire (part of the historic county of Huntingdonshire) and a smaller number of wards from the City of Peterborough (part of the historic county of Northamptonshire).

</doc>
<doc id="9638292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638292" title="Sydney Leadership">
Sydney Leadership

The Sydney Leadership program is an initiative of the Benevolent Society, and was started in 1999, with the aim of creating a network of committed individuals working together to bring about social change. It is based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Overview.
Each year about 50 individuals from all walks of society, many working at the cutting edge of their communities, join the Sydney Leadership Program. They then embark on a year of intensive courses and activities, which aim to provide participants with
At the end of the year, participants join the Sydney Leadership Alumni Network. Together with alumni from the partner Rural, Community and Youth Leadership programs they form the Social Leadership Network, whose 300+ members form a network of committed individuals extending through key positions in society.
In 2009 the program cost $14,800 per participant.
Achievements.
Projects initiated by graduates of the Sydney Leadership Program include:
Impact on community leaders.
Sydney Leadership has a high profile, and has been addressed by many prominent leaders such as the former Prime Minister, John Howard [http://australianpolitics.com/news/2001/01-03-13.shtml]. For example, 

</doc>
<doc id="9638331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638331" title="Ano Vlasia">
Ano Vlasia

Ano Vlasia () is a mountain village in the municipality of Kalavryta, Achaea, Greece. It is situated at about 900 m elevation. near the source of the river Selinountas, east of the highest summit of Mount Erymanthos. It is 1 km south of Kato Vlasia, 6 km north of Lechouri and 18 km west of Kalavryta.

</doc>
<doc id="9638399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638399" title="Holly Dolly">
Holly Dolly

Holly Dolly is an animated pop musician whose debut single "Dolly Song (Ievan Polkka)" was internationally-successful in the Summer of 2006. Holly Dolly is, according to the website, a "little donkey girl from the country". Holly Dolly's debut album: "Pretty Donkey Girl", was also released in 2006, including cover versions of "La Isla Bonita" by Madonna and "Don't Worry Be Happy" by Bobby McFerrin. Some of the tracks on the album were largely or completely acapella.
In August 2006, the German ring tone provider Jamba! began selling a collection of media based on the animated singer Holly Dolly. The video shows a variety of different animated dancers, but mostly focuses on Holly Dolly. 
Holly Dolly's songs include The Dolly Song, My Name is Dolly, Ciao Ciao Goodbye, The Jingle Bell Rock, Holly's Farm, Horror Show, Don't Worry Be Happy, Holly Sumba, Mister Joe, Santa Baby, Pretty Intro, Slap and Tickle, La Isla Bonita, Lollypop, Limbo Rock and Without Control.

</doc>
<doc id="9638453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638453" title="Lisa Wang">
Lisa Wang

Lisa Wang (born September 24, 1988 in Madison, Wisconsin) is a nationally and internationally ranked rhythmic gymnast. She began rhythmic gymnastics training in 1998, when she was ten years old. In 2000, Wang became a part of the National Team. In 2001, She claimed her first Junior National Championship at the Visa National Championships. 
Since then, Wang has achieved numerous titles including
During the 2007 World Championships (which serve as the 2008 Summer Olympics qualifier), Wang was the most heavily favored American Rhythmic Gymnast for the 2008 Olympics. But she placed 28th and thus missed Olympic qualification by three-tenths of a point. The United States Olympic Committee denied her application to apply for the Tripartite wild card spot, despite support from USA Gymnastics, thus removing her last chance to compete at the 2008 Olympics.
Wang graduated from Adlai E. Stevenson High School in Lincolnshire, Illinois in December 2006. After being accepted into Yale University Early Action, Wang decided to defer matriculation for a year in order to continue training. Her life and gap year were documented by the national best-seller "Fat Envelope Frenzy". In 2007, she shot an international commercial in Brazil for a Netherland-based Water Company. In May 2008, Wang competed in her last National Championship in Houston, Texas. She swept all 5 Gold Medals in addition to winning the All-Around Title and Athlete of the Year Wang attended Yale University as the Class of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9638476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9638476" title="1970 European Formula Two season">
1970 European Formula Two season

The 1970 European Formula Two season was contested over 8 rounds.
Calendar.
Note:
Race 2, 5, 6 and 7 were held in two heats, with results shown in aggregate.
Race 1 and 4 were held with two semi-final heats and the final run, with time only shown for the final.
Race 1, 4 and 6 was won by a graded driver, all graded drivers are shown in "Italics".
Final point standings.
Driver.
For every race points were awarded: 9 points to the winner, 6 for runner up, 4 for third place, 3 for fourth place, 2 for fifth place and 1 for sixth place. No additional points were awarded. The best 6 results count. One driver had a point deduction, which are given in ().
Note:
Only drivers which were not graded were able to score points.
Race 5 not all points were awarded (not enough finishers).

</doc>
