<doc id="9713674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713674" title="List of Happy Tree Friends characters">
List of Happy Tree Friends characters

This is a list of fictional characters from "Happy Tree Friends". There are 24 characters, and some other supporting characters.
To celebrate the 10th anniversary of the series in 2010, the creators of the show announced that there would be one more character added to Happy Tree Friends in the near future. The candidates were a sheep/lamb named Lammy and a pig named Truffles. The voting took place during the month of March 2010, and the winner was Lammy, who have featured in most of the latest episodes. Even though Truffles lost the vote, he still cameos in some episodes.
Characters.
Cuddles.
Cuddles is a canary-yellow rabbit with pink cheeks and pink bunny slippers. His white, fluffy, curly hair tuft and cotton tail look exactly the same. His ears move to match how he feels. For example, if he's happy they'll stay up, and when he's sad they'll droop. Cuddles is one of the primary characters in the series. Like Giggles, Toothy and Lumpy, he appears in most of the episodes.
Cuddles was the second character to be created in Happy Tree Friends (the first being Shifty). Creator Rhode Montijo first drew him in a piece of paper with the phrase 'Resistance Is Futile' above and that was how the creators got the idea for the show. His voice is even performed by the co-creator of the show, Kenn Navarro.
Cuddles' personality is somewhat mixed. On one hand he can be dangerously mischievous and fairly self-centered. Both of these characteristics have led to both his death and other characters' deaths. On the other hand, he is most of the time friendly and caring, making his personality more complex than the others. As revealed in "Sweet Ride", he is referred to as a skaterboy. He was seen to have multiple houses, but his official one is known to be a hollow tree, as it is the only one to appear more than once ("In a Jam" and "Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow").
He interacted with Toothy, Flippy, Petunia, Flaky, and Lumpy. He and Giggles are particularly close friends (many fans believe they are a couple). Their relationship is most prominent in the Fall Out Boy music video: The Carpal Tunnel of Love, where it was explored for the first time. This was also looked into a little more in the episode "I Nub You". With 54 deaths, Cuddles is the character who has been killed the most times in the "Happy Tree Friends" franchise. He is also the character who has, so far, been killed by Disco Bear, Lumpy and Flippy the most (though, to be fair, Flippy and Lumpy generally kill everyone in episodes in which they are featured). While he dies a lot in the Internet and TV series, Cuddles has survived in many episodes such as: Doggone It, Sea What I Found, A Change of Heart, A Sight for Sore Eyes, Letter Late Than Never, Double Whammy Part 1 but not part 2, We're Scrooged!, Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm episode, (debatably) Mime to Five, I Nub You, YouTube 101: Subscriptions, (debatably) A Bit of a Pickle, Star Kringle and the HTF Break shorts, Deck the Halls, We Wish You, and Take Your Seat. He tends to die by getting sliced, impaled, crushed, or even decapitated such as in "Happy Trails". It hints out that he actually can't chew carrots which is evidenced by the 'Feed' option of his Smoochie. In addition, it mentions he collects powerful antique electric toothbrushs and his fur has an SPF of 100, protecting him from extended exposure to the sun.
He may look like a cute, cuddly, and sweet rabbit (which is why his name is Cuddles) on the outside, but on the inside he's known as quite a rebellious Tree Friend. His talents include extreme sports like skateboarding, surfing, and soccer. He even appears as a daredevil in Mime to Five. Cuddles loves listening to rock music, and he was once a member of "The Happy Tree Band", before his untimely demise. As evidenced in the Happy Tree Friends Break: Seize the Day, Cuddles suffers from epilepsy the same way Handy does (Shown in In a Jam) 
He has also appeared on one of the episodes of The God and Devil Show on God's keys, when they were chasing Robert Downey Jr.
Giggles.
Giggles is a pink chipmunk who has a white diamond-shaped marking, a white oval on her torso and wears a big red bow on her head. She has the personality of a young girl, as she enjoys frolicking through flowers, having tea parties with Petunia, ice skating, and having a shy and sweet demeanor. Her name comes from her habit of giggling often. She appears to be allergic to roses which was revealed in her Valentines Smoochie. Giggles is one of the primary characters in the leader of the series and appears along with Cuddles, Toothy, and Lumpy in the advertisements. She may have also been one of the first characters to be created along with Cuddles and Shifty.
Giggles is a very affectionate character and is often seen hugging and kissing several of the characters. She is particularly close to Cuddles whom she has a crush on as hinted in several episodes (especially in "Remains to be Seen" when zombified Giggles and Cuddles did the famous Lady and the Tramp kiss, although with a brain instead of pasta and in the Fall Out Boy: The Carpal Tunnel of Love music video where their romantic relationship was really explored for the first time). However, she's been seen going out with other characters. In "Blind Date", she was supposed to go on a blind date with The Mole. In the episode "Cold Hearted" she was seen with Cro-Marmot and The Mole, and in the episode "Sea of Love" she was on a date with Russell.
She is best friends with Petunia. She is also friends with Toothy because he is Cuddle's best friend. Her deaths usually involve being crushed, her chest or her head (it is usually sliced off, or "stuff" is ripped out of it). One of her most gruesome injuries is in "Eyes Cold Lemonade" where her face is sliced off by nails and lemonade is then spat in her face. Despite this, she doesn't die in the aforementioned episode.
Giggles is also very environmental. In "Every Litter Bit Hurts" she goes so far as to chain herself to a tree to prevent Lumpy from cutting it down. When she sees someone polluting the environment, she'll lose her temper and yell at them.
She is also considered to be a damsel in distress. When she's in trouble, Splendid usually comes to the rescue, but injures or kills her in the process. For example, in "From Hero to Eternity", Splendid accidentally ruptures Giggles' eardrums. In another episode ("Helping Hands"), he accidentally decapitates her while trying to rescue her from a flood.
Even though she dies quite a bit, she survived in Stayin' Alive (debatably), Happy Trails pt. 1 (But not part two), Tongue Twister Trouble, Eyes Cold Lemonade, From Hero to Eternity; We're Scrooged, Out of Sight, Out of Mime, I Get a Trick Out of You, Concrete Solution, Let it Slide, Ipso Fatso, As You Wish, Easy Comb, Easy Go, A Change of Heart, (debatably) Ski Ya, Wouldn't Wanna Be Ya!, Wipe Out, Dunce Upon a Time, Blind Date, Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow, Chew Said a Mouthful, Milk Pong, Cold Hearted, Sea of Love, the YouTube Live Episode, Swelter Skelter, I Nub You, Sight Kringle, Star Kringle, and the HTF Break Shorts Deck the Halls, We Wish You, and Take Your Seat.
Toothy.
A light purple/mauve beaver with very large, gapped teeth (from which his name is derived), which appears to be diastema and freckles. Although his character description on the official site says he has "big ol' buckteeth" larger than the other characters, but in Season 2, he occasionally has the normal buckteeth. He is generally a very friendly character who likes to play around now and then, particularly with the younger characters. He admires Splendid (possibly when Splendid saved him in the episode Better Off Bread), and even dresses up as him for Halloween. He is good friends with Cuddles as seen in Spin Fun Knowin' Ya, Class Act, From A to Zoo, Remains to be Seen, Who's to Flame?, Take a Hike, Snow Place to Go, Blast from the Past, Can't Stop Coffin, Autopsy Turvy (Double Whammy Part 2), Party Animal, Concrete Solution, Wrath of Con and the Strain Kringle. He is also good friends with Giggles, Sniffles, Lumpy, and Petunia. Toothy is one of the primary characters in the show, as he appears in many commercials and advertisements. Toothy was the first Happy Tree Friend to die (as seen in "Spin Fun Knowin' Ya). Although Toothy dies a lot, he has survived in Wingin' It and Nuttin but the tooth.
Lumpy.
Lumpy is a light blue moose with very low intelligence, bad teeth (although they are clear white), distorted eyes and mismatched antlers (one points up and one points down). He is generally portrayed as the "big brother" or perhaps babysitter of many of the other characters. He usually means well but he's clumsy and extremely stupid. Furthermore, he screams like a girl. His catchphrase is "Ah Ha!" for when he gets an idea or finds the solution to a problem. He also says "Huh?" when he is confused and "Mmm-hmm!" when he is satisfied. Although Lumpy generally never kills anyone by design, he is portrayed as a villain for the first time in "Dunce Upon a Time". However the first episode where he killed another character intentionally was "Happy Trails Pt. 2: Jumping the Shark".
He is the only character with a standard nose with two nostrils (all of the smaller Happy Tree Friends except Sniffles have heart-shaped noses). Plus, he is the only character whose hands don't turn "mitten-esque". He is also one of the few characters without Pac-Man-shaped pupils (along with The Mole, Lifty & Shifty (not always), Nutty, Evil Flippy, and Cro-Marmot). Lumpy has appeared in the most episodes out of all the Tree Friends, and most fans consider him the odd one out due to his height and lack of a normal Happy Tree Friend style face. There were some arguments about his appearance being too close to "Bullwinkle J. Moose" from Rocky and His Friends and "Montgomery Moose", the group's leader of The Get-Along Gang, so his right antler was drawn upside down. He's a hillbilly judging by his voice, his lifestyle, and the clothes he sometimes wears.
Lumpy has had many occupations in many episodes, including teacher, farmer, bus driver, convenience store clerk, police officer,and psychiatrist to name a few. He is usually a fill-in character like Wooldoor Sockbat from Drawn Together. He is often shown in tremendously incongruous situations, such as lounging lazily, shirtless, and in a hammock, while the rest of the Happy Tree Friends gang are playing in the snow, as seen in "Snow What? That's What!". He is also the tallest main character standing about twice as tall as all the other characters. The only characters to match him in height have been minor characters, such as Giggles' Mom, or Ka-Pow! characters, like the Tiger General.
Lumpy by far has the series' highest kill count. His low intelligence is often the cause of other characters' deaths, and sometimes his own. In fact, Lumpy has caused the death of every character at least once, except for Cro-Marmot, Lammy and Splendid. Cuddles is, so far, Lumpy's most frequent victim. Lumpy's deaths usually involve metal objects, electronics, dismemberment, crushing, tripping over strange objects, swords, or animals. Due to his strength and size, he tends to survive more punishment before finally dying compared to the other Tree Friends. As a result, his deaths are usually extremely painful. He mostly lives in a trashy trailer and drives a Lincoln Continental. His MySpace account mentions that his favorite foods are cheese and sandwiches, his favorite dessert is cheesecake, and that he likes to talk to lettuce as seen in the Collect Them All Section.
Lumpy is not a playable character in the PC version but is in the Xbox 360 video game, , although he does appear as an icon on the HUD (heads up dislplay). In the minds of many viewers Lumpy has an extremely dysfunctional brain, however, it is notable he has the most responsibility of the characters. A good example of this is "From A to Zoo" where it's his job to look after five of the younger characters. At times he is rather bossy as seen in, "Peas in a Pod", "A Change of Heart" and "See What Develops".
Lumpy has survived in the most episodes of all. He has survived in Banjo Frenzy (technically not Lumpy), Spin Fun Knowin' Ya, Wheelin' and Dealin', (debatably) Treasure These Idol Moments, (debatably) Nuttin' but the Tooth, You're Bakin' Me Crazy, Meat Me for Lunch, Off the Hook, Happy Trails (Part 1 & Part 2), Milkin' It, (debatably) Out of Sight, Out of Mime, Let it Slide, Icy You, Remains to be Seen, Stealing the Spotlight, From A to Zoo, Party Animal, As You Wish, Snow Place to Go, Gems the Breaks, A Change of Heart, Chew Said a Mouthful, See What Develops, Aw Shucks!, A Sight for Sore Eyes, Tongue in Cheek, Easy Comb, Easy Go, Junk in the Trunk, Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow, Double Whammy (Part 1 & Part 2), Kringle Tree, Kringle Karols, Kringle Frosty, Read 'em and Weep, Can't Stop Coffin, A Sucker for Love, Pt. Two, Peas in a Pod, Something Fishy, Without A Hitch, I Nub You, A Bit of a Pickle, Strain Kringle, Ski Patrol, YouTube Live Episode, See You Later, Elevator and the HTF breaks, Seize the Day, Deck the Halls, Moppin Up and We Wish You.
Disco Bear.
Disco Bear is a light orange-colored bear with an orange afro and sideburns who likes to dance to disco music (thus his name). He wears 1970s style clothing, including a yellow leisure jacket, yellow bell-bottom pants, and orange and white dancing platform shoes. His main catchphrase is "Oh yeah!". If he gets interested in anything, he will growl in a deep voice. He sometimes puts everyone around him into life-threatening trouble while dancing, but mistakes their movements of pain for funky dance moves. He is mostly seen either showing off or trying to impress the female characters, such as Giggles, and Petunia (though he sometimes kills them in the process). While he sometimes flirts with Flaky, he has a tendency to ignore her. In "Ski Ya, Wouldn't Wanna be Ya!", for example, he pushes Flaky out of the way as he enters the scene, then goes off to flirt with Giggles, and Petunia. When Flaky is outside his door later in the episode, however, he seems to be happy to see her. In "Rink Hijinks", he carelessly bumps Flaky into a floor buffer when he's trying to show off his roller skating skills. 
Even though Disco Bear is falling in love with Petunia and Giggles as his friends. They don't like him anyway. He doesn't like Fliqpy, Mime, Lifty and Shifty, because they're not his friends. He has been dating with Petunia in the episode " Blind Date." He likes her but she hates him. He still makes her cry in it. She possibly sprayed him in his eyes, which turned red. Disco Bear has been seen with a private ski cabin in "Ski Ya, Wouldn't Wanna be Ya!", a fancy home (which looks like a bachelor pad decorated with the 1970s era furniture, modern art paintings, a heart-shaped bed, a hotel-like bathroom, and packs of romantic candles) in the TV series, a hot tub in "Wishy Washy", a sports car in "Blind Date", a hairspraying-dryer chair in "Easy Comb, Easy Go" and his own submarine in "Sea What I Found". His interaction could be a result of a previous music career in the 1970s at the height of the disco era. In "Ipso Fatso", as Disco Bear wakes up and dances to the bathroom, one can see a gold record hanging on the wall in his bedroom, indicating he may have once released a hit album that earned him a small fortune before the disco era came to an end. Further, his silhouette can be seen on a disco record in a jukebox in "A Change of Heart", possibly hinting he released that album.
His deaths usually involve his head, his eyes, or explosions. Like Lumpy, (and to an lesser extent, Splendid), Disco Bear has a high-pitched scream as seen in episodes "Blind Date", "Doggone It", "Wishy Washy", "Who's to Flame?", "Sea What I Found", and "As You Wish" despite his voice being the deepest of all HTFs. Disco Bear has poor eating habits, eating hot dogs, eggs, bacon and other fatty foods while moaning over fruits and vegetables, as seen in "A Change of Heart" and "Ipso Fatso". Because of this, he's overweight, occasionally suffers from low self-esteem, and has heart problems. Besides disco dancing, he's talented at rollerskating, downhill skiing, and throwing frisbees long distances.
It's been stated in several DVD commentaries, and in the HTF forum, that when the internet series started, most people in the staff (except for Rhode Montijo) didn't like Disco Bear because they found him annoying. Warren Graff said that it wasn't until the TV series started that they began to like him.
Disco Bear has more often than not been seen playing and dancing to music throughout the series. He is seen dancing to a jukebox in "A Change of Heart",and he dances to headphones in "Hello Dolly". He even has an alarm clock that plays 1970s music in "Ipso Fatso".
Even though Disco Bear dies often, he did survive in "Stayin' Alive", "The Wrong Side of the Tracks", "A Change of Heart", "Easy Comb, Easy Go", "Happy New Year","Disco Bears All" & "YouTube 101: Subscriptions"
Cro-Marmot.
Cro-Marmot is a caveman-like, greenish-yellow marmot frozen in a block of ice who wears a leopard skin loincloth and holds a wooden club in his hand. His name is a pun on the word Cro-magnon. He is somehow able to perform many tasks offscreen while entirely encased in ice, such as throwing snowballs, somewhat akin to how Handy can perform construction and other tasks without any visible hands. To keep himself frozen, Cro-Marmot stays mainly in cold areas, and sometimes drives an ice cream truck. He lives in a giant snow globe, or rather a small igloo inside a giant snow globe. His hobbies include serving people ice cream, snowboarding, and surfing. He rarely dies in the series, the reason being that the ice he's usually encased in protects him from disaster, thereby rendering him almost invulnerable to most unfortunate events. Also, most of his "deaths" are debatable. When they aren't, they involve a form of heat, disasters (such as explosions or collapsing bridges) or being eaten.
The only episode in which he is not frozen is "Dino-Sore Days", as that episode occurred during the prehistoric times when he was unfrozen. In "Dino-Sore Days", he appeared as a black-and-white character similar to the classic Mickey Mouse or Oswald the Lucky Rabbit cartoon; with white gloves, shoes and black limbs, bigger nose, and longer ears. Cro-Marmot usually appears in the series as a background character, and has hardly any showcase appearances. He made an appearance bigger than a cameo in "Snow What? That's What!" and "Dino-Sore Days" and in the episode, "Wipe Out". In a featurette of the Second Serving DVD, he was interviewed, and it was revealed he's an accomplished writer, painter, and pianist; he has his own brand of foot powder, held a tour on Broadway, was known for his loud antics and energetic performances, and was voted the "Sexiest Happy Tree Friend" in 1992. Cro-Marmot is the second character to have a full head of hair besides Disco Bear. Also, besides Lumpy and Sniffles, he is the third character in the series without a set of buckteeth, with just one tooth on the bottom part of his jaw. Even though he only made a cameo in the episode, "Tongue Twister Trouble", it was actually his official debut in the series. It also makes him the only HTF character to have a debut episode where he wasn't a starring character until "Snow What? That's What!". He is the least popular character and has starred in the least episodes. Even if it's not a starring role, most people want to see him die more often. The staff agree saying that they do not like his character and are planning to make him like an actual tree friend by freeing him from his ice block.
Flaky.
Flaky is a red porcupine whose quills are full of white flakes representing dandruff, thus the name. Flaky is one of the most popular characters in the series and has a very cautious and timid personality, and as evidenced in "Snow Place to Go", she may also have necrophobia (fear of death/dying), and a fear of sharks, as well as baby chicks, as seen in A to Zoo. It is also probable that she is an acrophobic, as she loses consciousness when riding a ski-lift in "Ski Ya! Wouldn't Want To Be Ya!".
Many debates have been raised as to the true gender of Flaky. Flaky's voice actress, Nica Lorber, confirmed the character to be female. In many video descriptions, Mondo Media uses the word "her" to describe Flaky.
Recently though, Kenn Navarro and Warren Graff, the creators of the show, have constantly stated in interviews and on official sites that Flaky is a female without eyelashes. However, on April 28, 2012, on the Twitter for Happy Tree Friends, in reply to someone's tweet, there was an actual disscusion about Flaky's gender and they intentionally stated Flaky was a girl, confirming Flaky's gender and ending the debate. It is also stated on Happy Tree Friends Wiki that she is a female.
Flaky has often been viewed as a coward or very shy. However, Flaky's actions in both the internet episodes and the TV series go against this as she has been brave and, on several occasions, saved her own life. She is often seen around Cuddles, Sniffles and Flippy. Additionally, when hanging around with Cuddles, Flaky is often forcefully dragged into situations that lead to one or both of their deaths, despite her warning Cuddles about possible dangers that could occur as seen in "Water You Wading For", "Let it Slide", and "The Wrong Side of the Tracks". Her deaths tend to involve her either being skinned, burned, or eaten.
Flaky is also a very helpful character, as evidenced by a couple of the TV episodes. All these factors suggest that Flaky is not only overly cautious (as opposed to being a coward), but also one of the more kind characters of the series; for example, daring to organize a surprise party for Flippy, a character who is well known for being mentally unstable. However, as seen in the episode "Snow Place to Go", she seems to be unstable herself - near the end of the episode, she begins to go insane and makes a companion with a garden gnome, singing "Rock-A-Bye Baby" to it after being trapped in the Arctic with no food or civilization.
She is often seen in many websites, fanfiction, anime, and images as being in a relationship with Flippy. These mostly capitalize on Flippy's evil side and Flaky's timidness.
In "Party Animal", it is revealed that she is allergic to peanuts, as she gets a purple rash, big lips, and bloats like a balloon. She also has a fear of flying, and is prone to vomiting. The fact she is a porcupine often causes trouble - her quills often impale other characters and destroy objects unintentionally. Because of Flaky's quills, Flippy even once used her as a weapon with which he killed Cuddles in "Keepin' it Reel". Also, she is sometimes skinned, as in "Class Act" and "Let it Slide", when she falls down a tight space, her quills stick-out when going down. When she comes out of the other end, her muscles are exposed.
The excessive dandruff has sometimes been exploited by other characters. In the Second Serving DVD, she was given her own breakfast cereal called Flaky Flakes, which resemble cornflakes with red and white pieces mixed in. Her dandruff is also used to create a snowing effect for a play in "Class Act". A running gag in the series is whenever she runs, shakes, or is struck by something, her dandruff would always fall out.
Her first kill occurs in the episode, "Rink Hijinks", when Disco Bear carelessly pushes her, she falls onto Lumpy's floor buffer, causing her quills to fly out of control and pierce Disco Bear to death. Her second kill is from "Let it Slide", because Lumpy accidentally turned off the water, she loses her quills all over the water slide, separates the water slide, and later on, when Cuddles slides down, he is sliced in two by the separated slide; due to this, it is assumed Flaky caused Cuddles' death, but it's not likely because the screw popped out before Flaky even went down the slide.
As well as being friends with Cuddles, Flaky is also shown to be close friends with Flippy as they are shown doing activities together such as playing hide & seek, going camping, and going to the movies. In "Party Animal" she even organized a surprise birthday party for him. However, her friendship with Flippy has led to her death several times because of Flippy's flip-outs. Interestingly, in "Party Animal", Flippy did not kill Flaky even though he instigated the flip-out and she was right in front of him (although she looked very different, puffed up, and Flippy didn't kill The Mole either). In "Double Whammy Part 1" Flaky's screams snapped Flippy out of one of his flip-outs. She has been killed many times, but survived in, Water You Wading For, Out of Sight, Out of Mime, I Get a Trick Out of You (not seen but heard), Stealing the Spotlight, (debatably) From A to Zoo, The Wrong Side of the Tracks, Ipso Fatso, A Change of Heart, Double Whammy Part 1, Easy Comb, Easy Go, Happy Trails pt. 1 (but not part 2), Chew Said a Mouthful, and Something Fishy.
Disco Bear started flirting with Flaky in 2010. They two became friends in that year. People want to say in that year: 
"Is Flaky girl or a boy." Flaky is a girl. Right. She likes dark colors and hates bright colors, even though it's female. 
Flaky is more different than Lammy, Giggles and Petunia. She doesn't like the color pink, 
but she likes more red, blue, violet, orange, white and even black. Flaky has no eyelashes at all. 
They're all gone. Flaky likes dirt and hates being so clean. 
Her white spots are unremoved. They're staying in Flaky's long quills obviously.
Flippy.
Flippy is a male green-colored bear with a pink heart-shaped nose. He wears a camo jacket, dog tags around his neck, and a green beret with a checkered crest on his head. He is a veteran soldier in the Army. He fought in the "Weaponized Animal Regiment" (The W.A.R), and he has an obsession with making booby traps inspired by the Viet Cong. He also frequently experiences flashbacks of his experience of being held captive by them (as seen in "Easy For You to Sleigh"). In addition, his attire seems to resemble the U.S. Army Special Forces ( the Green Berets), which played a key role during the Vietnam War. According to writer Warren G, Flippy is mostly based on John Rambo. During the Internet and TV series, it is unknown if Flippy has retired from the Army or if they are simply in a time of peace. Flippy rarely appears in the series, most likely due to his repetitive behavior in most of the episodes in which he appears. Flippy most likely has even more kills than Lumpy (who has 151+ kills in 92 episodes), since he has over 65 kills and has only appeared in 15 episodes so far. The kill ratio between Flippy and Lumpy is 4 1/3:1 59/92, respectively.
Flippy is the only character in the series to cause the deaths of other characters deliberately in every episode which he appears (the one exception being "Autopsy Turvy", AKA: "Double Whammy Part 2", where all of his kills happen by accident). He has a severe case of post traumatic stress disorder. Whenever he sees or hears something that reminds him of war (e.g., gunshot-like sounds, crackling campfires and ketchup), he goes insane and kills everyone around him (and sometimes himself), believing that he is still in war. While insane, several physical features about him change: his eyes turn a different color, usually green or yellow, his voice changes from high and cute to low and evil, and his teeth become sharp. In the early Internet shorts, his teeth simply became crooked. If he is in his evil state, he has round pupils instead of the standard Pac-Man shaped ones. When he is "flipped-out", he is known as Evil Flippy, or "Fliqpy."
Although Flippy can be the most cruel and dangerous character in Happy Tree Friends, he is considered to be the kindest and most sociable of the characters, when not crazed. This is proven in several episodes where he is seen doing social activities with some of the other characters such as going to the movies and playing hide-and-seek. In most of the episodes where he appears, he is shown as friendly and social before he goes insane, or as many people say, "flipping-out" (thus his name). Additionally, when he "flips-out", he does not remember the bloody rampage that follows. However, in "Double Whammy Part 1", (and possibly starting from "Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow", when he resists his evil side for the first time) he finally realizes his problem and goes to Lumpy the psychiatrist for answers. After three attempts to cure him, Lumpy fails. At the end of the episode "Double Whammy Part 3", Flippy finally cures his post traumatic stress disorder, but is run over soon after by a chicken truck.
He appears to be good friends with Flaky—many fans argue that they are a couple—as they are shown doing activities together like going to the movies, playing hide-and-seek, and going camping (although Flippy has killed Flaky several times). Flaky is the one who organizes his birthday party in "Party Animal", indicating that she knows personal facts about Flippy, such as the day when he was born. Also, Flippy didn't kill her in "Party Animal", while she was vulnerable, and Flaky's scream snapped him out of his flipped-out mode in "Double Whammy Part 1". Despite the fact that they appear to be good friends, Flaky develops a phobia of him in the later episodes. She gets so scared of him, that she stabs him in fear, when he tries to help her in "Without A Hitch". He also has an allergic reaction to peanuts (or venison) just like Flaky. Flippy also appears to be an extremely heavy sleeper, as seen in "Easy For You to Sleigh" and "Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow".
Flippy rarely dies in the series. When he does die, his deaths involve vehicles/machinery or explosions and he is almost always not flipped-out. Flippy is one of the six playable characters in the Xbox 360 video game, . He is one of the most popular characters in the show.
He has his own action show called W.A.R. Journal, part of the Happy Tree Friends Action Series: Ka-Pow! show. According to the first episode, Flippy was originally not a particularly good soldier. He demonstrated an inability to throw his knife straight, accidentally killed both of his teammates, hid in the carcass of Sneaky in fear, and accidentally threw a slice of pizza at the enemy commander rather than his knife. He flips-out for the very first time when he hides inside his comrade's dead body to not be killed by the Tiger Army. Most likely, the first time he flipped out, he did it because his instincts told him he must fight or die, and so he fought. He ended up losing his hands in the fight with the Tiger Commander, but he was apparently able to re-attach them some time between the events of W.A.R. Journal and the regular Happy Tree Friends series (unless these episodes, like the regular Happy Tree Friends series, revert everything back to original at the start of each new episode). The only episodes that Flippy dies when he appears are Happy Trails Pt. 2: Jumping the Shark, Remains to be Seen, Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow, Autopsy Turvy/Double Whammy Part 3 and Without A Hitch.
Handy.
Handy is an orange beaver with inexplicably amputated hands. The stumps on the ends of his arms are wrapped with bandages. He wears a tool belt and a yellow worker's helmet. He has mostly been portrayed as an adult but a couple of times he has been portrayed as a child such as in "Happy Trails pt. 1" when he was on a school bus with many other characters and in "Remains to be Seen" when he and some other characters were dressed up and trick-or-treating on Halloween. His home is a dam, chiefly constructed of tools that are operated by hand.
Despite his lack of hands, he is still capable of building many things, big or small, though we never actually see him build them. (It is usually off-screen, with the exception of "Wheelin' and Dealin'", where he is seen putting the final touches on his race car). 
Whenever we see him try to do something which would usually require hands, however, he fails and pulls his trademark frustrated look, indicating that he forgot that he doesn't have hands. Usually when he finds a compromise, it will lead to his own death and sometimes the death of others. His deaths generally involve either glass, his organs, impalement, getting cut in half, or his head. He also seems to feel no shock or remorse at seeing others die or get injured.
It is possible that in the TV series, Handy has gained an interest in flying, as seen in "Who's to Flame?", "Gems the Breaks", "A Change of Heart", and "Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow". Sometimes he stays in the air from when he first appears in the episode until his death. From the episode, "In a Jam", it became apparent that he has photosensitive epilepsy (flashing lights trigger a seizure and his eyes go wonky, he jitters, and foams at the mouth).
Similar to Cub, Cuddles, Petunia, Lifty & Shifty, and to a lesser extent Sniffles, Handy rarely survives the episodes he has appeared in. The only episodes in which he survived were: House Warming, Spare Me, Happy Trails pt. 1 (but not part 2), Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow, Double Whammy Part 1, Something Fishy, Milk Pong, Doggone It (Debatably), the HTF Break Short Happy New Year and the YouTube Live Episode.
Lammy.
Lammy is a lavender sheep/lamb with a tuft of white wool on her head. She has a tail similar to the tuft on her head. She also wears a white wool jumper and a purple ribbon in her "hair". Lammy bleats instead of laughing. She also bleats when she's in a panic, as shown in the episode "A Bit of a Pickle." Her first victim is unclear. Whether it was Petunia or Flaky is up to debate. So far, she's survived in every episode, The only episodes that Lammy dies when she appears are All in Vein, All Work and No Play and Spare Tire.
Truffles.
Truffles, is a bluish-gray pig. He was the other new character choice during the 2010 poll. As he lost, it is unlikely that he'll ever be seen in an episode. He does, however, make a brief cameo in "A Bit Of A Pickle"---the debut episode for the contest winner, Lammy. His best appearance yet was in "Clause For Concern", where he is seen for the first time unhidden, moving his body, and showing a new facial expression (a smile). This could be further evidence that he may become a main character in the future. Another piece of evidence that he might become a main character might be that he officially has been seen dead, killed by Lumpy in All in Vein.
Lifty & Shifty.
Lifty & Shifty are two green villain raccoon twin brothers with dark green mask-like markings around their eyes and rodent-teeth. They frequently steal merchandise from the other Happy Tree Friends (thus their names), as well as treasure hunting, ransacking houses or anything to get rich quick. They mostly steal from Lumpy (in "Meat Me for Lunch" they stole meat from Lumpy's deli mart, in "Milkin' It" they stole a cow from Lumpy's farm, in "Concrete Solution" they stole his wallet, and in "Junk in the Trunk" they abducted his pet elephant). They probably rob Lumpy so frequently because his lack of intelligence and common sense makes him an easy target.
Although they have the same gender, color, markings and overall personality, Shifty wears a fedora and he bosses Lifty around and Lifty's voice is slightly higher pitched, to distinguish the two. It is known that Shifty is the older brother of the duo, since Lifty is a little shorter and has a higher pitched voice. Despite the smirks on their faces, they almost always end up dying in the episodes in which they appear. Their green color implies money and greed relating to their criminal personalities. They also have a trademark evil snicker . Like most siblings, Lifty and Shifty argue about who's at fault when something goes wrong, but when trouble's afoot, they work together. Both twins are pretty greedy and sometimes resort to seeing their twin die rather than give up their loot or be caught, as seen in "Milkin' It" when Shifty threw Lifty out of a hot air balloon as not to get caught by a cable. Also, in "Sea What I Found" Shifty had a chance to save Lifty, but instead just stole the jewels.
Despite their numerous illegal activities, they do mix with other characters and contribute to recreational activities (such as going on a rollercoaster and participating in a Christmas play) without causing any trouble. On rare occasions they earn cash honestly and have even been heroic, such as in "Happy Trails Pt. 2: Jumping the Shark", when they provided a life raft to help the characters escape from an island
Lifty & Shifty occasionally make money by themselves without stealing, like when they sold dogs who have post-traumatic stress disorder (just like Flippy) and become aggressive and evil when they hear a whistle in "Doggone It" and when they sold bottles of hair growth formula to Disco Bear in "Easy Comb, Easy Go". They also trade or sell things to Nutty, such as in "Dunce Upon a Time" and the "False Alarm" episode. Lifty & Shifty die a lot due to their lack of teamwork and their greed. Like Cuddles, Petunia, Sniffles, and Splendid, they tend to die some of the messiest deaths in the series. Their deaths involve machines/vehicles, being mashed together or sliced apart, impalement or some form of heat. In the internet shorts, Lifty & Shifty died in every episode they appeared in. In the TV series, they survived in "Ipso Fatso", "Concrete Solution" and "Easy Comb, Easy Go". They also survived in the YouTube "Live Episode" and "Happy New Year". However, it is possible they survived in "Happy Trails pt. 1" as they were on the island with the surviving characters in part 2 but they weren't seen in part 1, In the "Collect Them All" section, Lifty bowls a 300 score at the game of bowling, and Shifty has a gambling problem. They both also seem to have an unusual desire for meat, as seen in Meat Me for Lunch, Ipso Fatso, And the Kitchen Sink, Milkin' It, Dunce Upon a Time, and their title card. They also have a knack for car building, being able to assemble/reassemble a car in Junk in the Trunk and maintaining their own race car in Wheelin' and Dealin'.
Mime.
Mime is a purple male roe deer with pointed ears, and antlers who wears face makeup and a navy blue/dark purple and white, striped shirt. He never speaks, because he is a mime, causing others to have a hard time understanding him. Apparently, most of his possessions are imaginary yet can be stolen (or even shown to be real), as evidenced in "Easy For You to Sleigh", "Mime to Five", "Concrete Solution", "Keepin' it Reel", and "I Heart U". Sometimes the things around him are imaginary, such as walls in "Dunce Upon a Time", which he uses in the name of showmanship. He has even done some seemingly impossible things, such as making an audible honking sound while riding a unicycle in "Concrete Solution" and making noises while interacting with his 'imaginary' furniture. It was once said that he's mute, but in some episodes, like in "Happy Trails pt. 1", "Out of Sight, Out of Mime", "Something Fishy", "Keepin' It Reel", "Wingin' It", and "I Heart U" he has made audible noises (e.g., choking noises, snoring, and blowing noises) making it evident that he can speak, he just chooses not to (although he has been known to not scream even when in severe pain as seen in "Double Whammy Part 1" when his insides were set on fire). This has led to other characters' deaths, such as in "Who's to Flame?" when his choosing not to talk to Lumpy, a fireman, over the phone eventually led to the destruction of the entire town. He is talented with circus skills like juggling (which he can do with one hand) and creating balloon animals, though his attempts to entertain his fellow Happy Tree Friends often have fatal consequences. Mime is very fond of peanuts, going so far as to stick his hand in a blender to eat them. In "Mime and Mime Again", "Out of Sight, Out of Mime" and "Class Act" he had a tail, however he appears without it in later episodes. Despite this, he has his tail, again, in the most recent Kringle episode, "Chill Kringle" and in "See You Later, Elevator".
Mime is seen riding a unicycle in Party Animal, Concrete Solution, Who's to Flame?, As You Wish, A Hole Lotta Love, See What Develops, Junk in the Trunk, and Double Whammy. Sometimes, he stays seated on his unicycle throughout entire episodes.
Mime is the only character who doesn't die in the two TV episodes ("Who's to Flame?" and "Mime to Five") he starred in, and he didn't have any co-stars in these episodes. He also survived in Mime and Mime Again, Easy For You to Sleigh, A Change of Heart, Easy Comb, Easy Go, In a Jam, I Heart U, Chill Kringle, and in the HTF Breaks Happy New Year and Take Your Seat. He lives in a tent, which, on the inside, looks like a regular house with invisible or imaginary furniture as seen in "Easy For You to Sleigh", and "Mime to Five". He dies quick and painless deaths more than any other character except in Happy Trails pt. 1, Home Is Where the Hurt Is, Party Animal and Double Whammy Part 1. Like many other characters' deaths, they usually involve his head, metal objects or machinery/vehicles.
The Mole.
A blind dark pink mole with black sunglasses (or possibly teashades) with a mole by his nose. He wears a long purple turtleneck on his sweater. Like Mime and Cro-Marmot, he doesn't speak. This could be due to the upper part of his turtleneck covering his mouth, though more likely he is mute, seeing as he never makes a sound even through his most excruciating deaths. Though he is not deaf, he does seem to have hearing problems, as seen in Party Animal. Because disaster often follows his blind wandering, his actions and characteristics resemble those of Mr. Magoo. Despite being completely blind, he is often seen driving. He is also one of several characters without Pac-Man-shaped pupils (along with Lumpy, Nutty, Evil Flippy, and Cro-Marmot)
According to the commentary for Pitchin' Impossible, The Mole was originally supposed to be a James Bond-like secret agent with all kinds of spy gadgets around him but it was removed when the series was created. It was until the episode, Mole in the City, that his secret agent identity was explored. He also has a nemesis known as The Rat, most likely because they both have careers in international espionage.
A running gag in the series is The Mole doing things that require vision, such as reading a magazine or lighting a match to see in the dark. He usually has jobs that require good vision, which, in most episodes, leads to many characters' deaths (Lumpy and Handy in particular) and sometimes his own. According to the commentary for Concrete Solution the writers do this just because they need something bad to happen, and The Mole and Lumpy are considered the worst people for almost any job. If the episode has to run smoothly, they use a tree friend capable of doing any given job correctly
He is good friends with Handy and Lumpy as seen in Concrete Solution and Sniffles in A Hole Lotta Love, with the former implying that the Mole has no sight, Handy has no hands, and Lumpy has no intelligence.
In the web shorts, The Mole rarely dies, but usually causes harm to the other tree friends due to his disabilities. In the TV series, he dies much more often, but still survives a lot of episodes (he has, thus far, survived in 25 episodes). His deaths usually involve his head, getting impaled or crushed, explosions, or loss of body parts
When looking at the storyboard for Flippin' Burgers, on the Second Serving DVD, The Mole was originally going to be featured in that episode as well as getting killed by Flippy. It was shown that Flippy rips the Mole's skin off with a hanging hook. The idea was removed when the episode was finalized
He is the only character during the first season of the television series that has 3 starring roles without starring alone. He co-starred with Handy, Lumpy, Russell, and Splendid. In the "Collect Them All" in the First Blood DVD, it claims that The Mole has blue eyes. He also seems to love stuffed animals, as evident in Pitchin' Impossible
In many episodes, he is seen doing many random things with body parts from dead characters, like using Mime's head for a jack o'lantern, using Sniffles' head for a bowling ball, mistaking Disco Bear's severed head for a watermelon and weighing it on a scale, mistaking Giggles' heart as a piece of litter, and mistaking Cuddles' eye for an apple. Also, in the comics, he was seen bobbing for apples, but he mistook Handy's heart for an apple. He has also, on occasion, eaten body parts, which likely only happens because he doesn't realize what he's eating. Another misuse of body parts can be found in the music video for the Carpal Tunnel of Love by Fall Out Boy. When Toothy's eyeball landed in a tub of ice cream he put it in Cuddles and Giggles' ice cream soda, which they spit out. The Mole survives in most of the episodes he appears in, but he does die in Happy Trails pt. 1, Class Act, Remains to be Seen, From Hero to Eternity, Party Animal, Don't Yank My Chain, Doggone It, Concrete Solution, Who's to Flame?, Gems the Breaks, A Hole Lotta Love, Idol Curiosity, Home Is Where the Hurt Is, Aw Shucks!, A Sight for Sore Eyes, Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow, The Carpal Tunnel of Love, Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm Episode, and Wrath of Con(debatably).
Nutty.
A light green squirrel with one yellow diamond-shaped marking on his head and a large, curled-up tail that wags when he's excited. Nutty has an addiction for candy or anything that is sugary. He has a big swirly lollipop, a candy cane, small Dum Dum Pop, and a candy apple stuck to his fur, which he even treats as his wardrobe, as evidenced in "Chew Said a Mouthful", although this sometimes changes. In his debut in the episode "Nuttin' Wrong with Candy" the candy attached to his fur fell off, therefore Nutty was seen without candy stuck to him for the first time.
One of his eyes bears a slight resemblance to Flippy's 'flipped-out' eyes. It's apparent that his googly eye is an amblyopia, or lazy eye, as it's almost always looking down and drops down whenever he looks somewhere else
As a result of his huge sugar intake he is often hyperactive and jittery, and giggles more than he talks (sometimes he even giggles while he dies). He sometimes foams at the mouth when deprived of candy or any other sugar-related items. As seen in the "False Alarm" episode, he can go insane due to candy-withdraw. It also shows that once he loses one addiction he can start a new one almost immediately, hinting he probably has an addictive personality. He also becomes momentarily sad after finishing his candy.
Nutty will do whatever it takes to get the sugar he wants. If he doesn't get what he wants he becomes very irate. Nutty will eat other types of "food" occasionally (like in "Class Act", when he eats part of Sniffles' body and some cardboard, thinking it was a candy cane, or in "Concrete Solution" when he eats a whole bag of cement mix, mistaking it for a bag of sugar), but it's a very rare case. He will also eat regular food, like pancakes, but he usually drenches them in syrup first
He is one of the few characters to have an account on the website MySpace, where it mentions he has fourteen dental cavities. This is probably not helped the fact that he brushes his teeth with a lollipop and sugar, and uses soda as mouthwash. He drinks coffee ground from jellybeans and still has to add more than a bowlful of sugar to the beverage to make it sweet enough for him.
In the Second Serving DVD, he has his own breakfast cereal called "Sugar Frosted Nutty Honey", but there are hardly any cereal pieces in it - the picture only shows a large pile of sugar in the bowl. Nutty can be seen eating this cereal in "Concrete Solution".
Nutty is usually featured in episodes which revolve around candy, except for "Eye Candy", where Toothy was used instead. It was rumored that when "Eye Candy" was made, Nutty had already been prominently featured in another episode, which was why that choice was made.
Nutty's love for candy has often led to the demise of both himself and others, but it is his hyperactive personality that has made him one of the show's most memorable characters. Nutty cares more about candy than he does about his friends. In "Party Animal", he pushes aside an allergy-stricken Flaky to consume chocolate. In "A Sucker for Love, Pt. One", he tried to steal a lollipop from Cub. In "Chew Said a Mouthful", he stole a gurney with a badly injured Toothy so he could get a jawbreaker. In "Concrete Solution" he stole a bag of sugar from the Happy Tree Café, and he stalked Cuddles for his ice cream in "Sweet Ride". He seems to lack common sense (which is evidenced in many episodes), something that commonly leads to his death. His deaths usually involve his mouth, getting impaled, getting crushed, split apart, shredded, or breathing problems.
The only episodes he has survived in are Nuttin' but the Tooth, I Get a Trick Out of You, Out of Sight, Out of Mime, Who's to Flame?, (debatably) Mime to Five, A Change of Heart, In a Jam, A Sucker for Love, Pt. One (but not part two), Milk Pong, Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm Episode, the HTF Break short Bite Sized the YouTube Live Episode, and Something Fishy.
Petunia.
Petunia is an indigo and dark blue skunk with a sky blue arrow marking on her forehead, which is connected to the triangle-shaped marking on her back and sky blue lines on her long tail. She always wears a pink flower on top of her head and a pine scent car air freshener or deodorizer around her neck. She likes to play with dolls and strollers and also likes having tea parties. Petunia is often seen in the series with Giggles. They appear to be best friends, as they run a lemonade stand together, play together, and exercise together. Petunia's deaths are often the most gruesome in the series (such as having her face melted onto a burger grill by Flippy, being flattened by Cro-Marmot, being sucked through the drain of a sink, having her organs pop out by bed springs, and having her bottom half skinned, then being ripped to pieces and consumed by a demon in "Read 'em and Weep"). Her deaths generally involve her head or household appliances, such as sinks.
In the Internet series, she and Giggles had almost identical personalities. When the TV series came out, however, the creators gave her obsessive-compulsive disorder. Consequently, she is now portrayed as a "neat freak". She takes showers five times a day as it reveals in the "Collect Them All" section, and if things are dirty or out of their proper place, she starts to hyperventilate. She will do anything to clean it up again. In the TV episode "Wishy Washy", she didn't kill anybody except herself. In this episode "Blind Date", she has not been seen dating with Disco Bear, even though she's his friend. 
Petunia yells at Disco Bear and is afraid of him obviously. In the TV episode "Dunce Upon A Time" she has been seen with Giggles. Petunia's hair is very long. She's dressed up like a princess and is cosplaying Rapunzel as a slave in the castle-tower. 
Petunia, like Giggles, has been used as damsel in distress on some episodes, which is evident in "House Warming", "Gems the Breaks", "Who's to Flame?", "Dunce Upon a Time", and "Read 'em and Weep". She, like Giggles, is also a Girl Scout, as seen in "Read 'em and Weep".
Petunia rarely survives. The only episodes she has survived in are: Meat Me for Lunch, Ipso Fatso, A Change of Heart, Milk Pong, Wipe Out, You're Bakin' Me Crazy, I Get a Trick Out of You, Stealing the Spotlight, Mime to Five, (debatably) House Warming, Easy Comb, Easy Go, Swelter Skelter, Ski Ya, Wouldn't Wanna Be Ya!!and the HTF Break short Take Your Seat. (Most of these episodes are from the TV series.) She was the first victim of (debatably) Handy, The Mole, (debatably) Disco Bear, Giggles, Cro-Marmot, Toothy, and Lammy/Mr. Pickels.
Pop and Cub.
Pop is a tan-colored bear. He wears a reddish-brown bathrobe and hat, and he is often seen smoking a pipe. He is another adult character. Some people refer to him as the stereotypically clueless, 1950s-style sitcom father. Pop only appeared without Cub in "Something Fishy" (excluding his BBQ smoochie and Milk Pong), though Cub has appeared in multiple episodes without Pop. He was originally going to appear in "Happy Trails Pt. 2: Jumping the Shark", but the creators considered it weird for Pop to kill Flaky. Instead Flippy took his place which explains why Flippy had Pop's voice. Though Pop is likely an adult character, he is not as large as other adult characters like Lumpy and Giggles' Mom.
His son Cub often dies as a result of both his attention and inattention - although it's clear that he loves him. In the web series he usually didn't know of his son's deaths (as evidenced in "Chip Off the Ol' Block", "Snip, Snip Hooray!", "Water Way to Go" and "Hello Dolly"), but he is more aware of them in the TV series (as evidenced in "And the Kitchen Sink", "Ipso Fatso", "Sea What I Found", "Who's to Flame?", "Every Litter Bit Hurts", "As You Wish" and "Gems the Breaks"). He isn't very bright as seen in "Easy For You to Sleigh" where he disables the noisy smoke detector, leading to both their deaths from carbon monoxide poisoning. When he tries to save his son, he often kills him by mistake and sometimes kills himself too. The only time Pop killed Cub intentionally was in "Read 'em and Weep", when Cub was possessed by a demon. In both the Internet shorts and the TV series, he survives almost every episode in which he appears. When he does die, a lot of these deaths involve fire, impalement, or explosions.
Pop is one of the few characters in the show who has a much more intelligible way of speaking. He almost speaks clear words in some of the episodes he appears in and even reads a story of "The Night Before Christmas" to Cub in "Easy For You to Sleigh".
There is evidence in "Can't Stop Coffin" that Pop may very well be a widower, due to the fact that in their cameo, he and Cub are seen mourning at a gravestone which probably belongs to his dead wife. Pop surivies in most of the episodes he appears in, but he does die in Havin' A Ball, Flippin' Burgers, Class Act, Stealing the Spotlight, Easy For You to Sleigh, Who's to Flame?, As You Wish, Aw Shucks!, Every Litter Bit Hurts, Mime To Five, See You Later, Elevator, Wrath of Con, and Wingin' It. Cub is a very young tan-colored bear. He is Pop's son. He has the appearance and personality of a baby but the intelligence and mobility of a young child. He's the youngest and smallest character of the Happy Tree Friends and his eyes consist only of Pac-man pupils, giving him a more adorable appearance than the other characters. He has appeared (and died) much more often in the series than his father. And usually his deaths are a result of Pop's bad parenting, even though Pop clearly cares about him. If his father's not paying attention to him, he will often be seen wandering around operating machines by himself or carelessly drifting into death-inducing hazards, like the time Cub was sucking on an electric razor as if it were a pacifier, soon ending with Pop plugging it back in, much to Cub's despair. Cub rarely survives in the series, and his deaths are usually very gruesome, painful, and ironic. The only episodes that Cub didn't die in along with Pop are "Out of Sight, Out of Mime", "Don't Yank My Chain", "See What Develops", "Just Desert", and the HTF Break short "Happy New Year". He also survived in Rink Hijinks and I Get a Trick Out of You, episodes in which Pop was not present. The episodes where Cub survived but was injured were "A Hole Lotta Love", "A Sucker for Love, Pt. One", and "A Sucker for Love, Pt. Two". Cub's deaths generally involve tools, machinery or getting crushed.
So far, Cub has only killed other characters twice. Lumpy was his first and only victim from "Rink Hijinks". In the Halloween episode, "Read 'em and Weep", he was being possessed by a demon from within a book and subsequently killed Petunia in his possessed form, although you could argue this was really The Demon's kill, not Cub's.
He's shown to be interested in becoming a fireman as seen in "Who's to Flame" and in "As You Wish". Cub has a habit of drooling (which did not favor him well in "Kringle Presents") and cooing. He usually seen licking a lollipop as seen in "See What Develops", "A Sucker for Love, Pt. One", and "Snip, Snip, Hooray!"
Cub is seen wearing a little beanie with a propeller on the top; it has only been off a few times. Because Cub is rarely seen without his cap, Pop thinks that if he sees the hat, then he's seeing his son; this could be seen in "Water Way to Go" and "Concrete Solution". If he wants to know where he went, he leaves his hat to mark his leaving spot like a marking trail as seen in "A Hole Lotta Love". Pop had also used Cub's hat to mark his grave by putting it on his tombstone, as seen in "Read 'em and Weep".
Russell.
A turquoise sea otter with typical pirate accessories like a Jolly Roger's hat, a striped red/white shirt, a hook, an eyepatch and two wooden peglegs. He enjoys fishing, sailing and eating seafood, one of his animal instincts, especially mussels, which was why he was named Russell. He also likes kite flying and even runs his own fast-food restaurant (Mime to Five). His hook started off on his left hand, but later on, it is on the right hand for the rest of the series. Russell's initial character design depicted him with a five o'clock shadow, though since his early appearances the creators got rid of it
He stopped having a five o'clock shadow since Get Whale Soon. Typically, his vocabulary consists only of "Yar!", though in the episode Get Whale Soon, he also says things like 'Aha!' and 'Huh?' In the episode A Sight for Sore Eyes, he was heard apologizing to The Mole after he accidentally bumped into him
Sometimes, when put in a scary or violent situation, Russell will go insane and start laughing in a crazy manner and his eye turns into the color of gray, as seen in Get Whale Soon and Snow Place to Go. Because Russell spends most of his time in the water, he is rarely seen with the other characters, though he does appear in a few episodes with Lumpy, although nowadays he seems to appear with all the others as well. His deaths usually involve sea animals or getting impaled
From the episode, Sea What I Found, when Russell woke up and went to his closet to change his peglegs, it is evident that his legs are partially amputated. He is the second character to wear pants. Also, he's the third character without visible ears as seen in his Internet shorts introduction when he took his hat off for a few seconds, and in "Something Fishy. Russell wears a stripy undershirt when he goes to sleep. He lives in a big pirate ship shaped treehouse and sleeps on a hammock.
Since he only has one eye and his vision is becoming blurry, he's recommended to wear a contact lens as seen in A Sight for Sore Eyes
He appears to be friends with Lumpy in Sea What I Found. He has also been seen with Nutty and Handy in Ipso Fatso, Disco Bear in The Wrong Side of the Tracks and Sniffles in Double Whammy Part 1. And in Can't Stop Coffin he was seen playing baseball with Cuddles, Toothy and Cro-Marmot.
So far, the only internet episode he survived in was Can't Stop Coffin. During the TV series he has survived in A Sight for Sore Eyes, The Wrong Side of the Tracks, Mime to Five, Chew Said a Mouthful, See What Develops, Easy Comb, Easy Go, Double Whammy Part 1 and Milk Pong.
Russell was also the main character in the YouTube short on copyright.
Mr . Pickels.
Is normally an average pickle, but through Lammy's eyes, he wears a top hat, has a curly mustache, and sometimes carries a cane. He's always smiling, but his personality is very similar to Evil Flippy in the fact that he kills almost everyone in sight except for Lammy. His first victim is unclear. (Fans have been unable to decide if it was Petunia or her teddy-bear.) He doesn't seem to have any shame in what he does, for he always has a smile He is Lammy's imaginary frienemy.
Sniffles.
A nerdy blue-gray anteater who is one of the more intelligent characters in the series. He is the second character without a heart nose and a pair of buckteeth. He usually likes doing and reading science and math problems. To reinforce the 'nerd' image that Sniffles exudes, he is seen dressed up as a Star Trek character (probably Spock, the Vulcan ears being the giveaway) in "Remains to be Seen", and also sports a pocket protector on his chest.
Sniffles' IQ has proved to be extremely high in both the internet and TV series. He has built things that are far more advanced than most of the other characters (ex. a rocket from a school bus and even a time machine). Sometimes, however, these devices can malfunction and work against him, leading to his own death and the deaths of others. Like Toothy, he has a wide range of deaths, usually involving either his tongue, his head, his limbs, or his organs. He also has a multitude of jobs, including a doctor and a pilot. In addition, he is sort of a mad scientist (as shown in his Smoochie),often mixing fluids which causes his death.
Sniffles also has a craving for ants, which is one of his animal instincts. However, whenever he tries to eat one, they kill him after torturing him in the most sadistic manners. Only in the episode "Blast from the Past" has Sniffles eaten an ant without being killed. In general, Sniffles' deaths are slower and more painful than most of the other characters. "Tongue in Cheek" had to be his worst and longest death, bringing him to tears from the extreme pain or sheer despair. On some occasions, however, he has had quick deaths, such as in Spare Me, Class Act, The Wrong Side of the Tracks, Blast from the Past, Remains to be Seen, Ipso Fatso, Wingin' It, Idol Curiosity, Aw Shucks!, Concrete Solution, Gems the Breaks and Boo Do You Think You Are?. Similar to Cub, Sniffles rarely survives in the episodes he appears in. The only episodes that he survived are Happy Trails pt. 1, Stealing the Spotlight, Blast from the Past (with the time machine), See What Develops, Wipe Out, Easy Comb, Easy Go, Hear Today, Gone Tomorrow, We're Scrooged!, the HTF Break short Happy New Year and Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm episode.
His mouth and nose are combined to make a trunk-like snout, with his lips at the tip. It used to be long in the Internet shorts, but later, in the TV series, it became much shorter. The reason for this was to add additional cuteness to his appearance.
Sniffles' home appears to be a lab, as seen in "I've Got You Under My Skin", "Blast from the Past", "A Sight for Sore Eyes", "Suck it Up" and "Tongue in Cheek" episodes.
It is worth noting that Sniffles, although not one of the four center characters (Lumpy, Cuddles, Giggles, Toothy), is beginning to become more of a main character. He has the second most starring roles in the TV series at a total of 6 starring roles next to Lumpy, who has 16. He has also had a total of 17 starring roles if you add up his starring roles in TV and Internet episodes
In the "Collect Them All section", Sniffles has a few allergies and he loves calculating long division problems
He has a MySpace account that shows that his idols are Albert Einstein, Spock, William Shatner and Splendid. Sniffles is the second character to idolize Splendid (along with Toothy), further evidenced in "Suck it Up" and "A Sight for Sore Eyes". He is good friends with Nutty as seen in From Hero to Eternity. He is also friends with Giggles as seen in Boo Do You Think You Are?, Happy Trails Pt. 2: Jumping the Shark, I've Got You Under My Skin, Every Litter Bit Hurts and Idol Curiosity. He has also been in a few episodes with Lumpy in In a Jam, I've Got You Under My Skin, See What Develops, Take a Hike, From A to Zoo, Class Act, A Hole Lotta Love and Blast from the Past.
Splendid The Flying Squirrel.
A pale blue or an adjective superhero flying squirrel based on DC Comics' Superman with light blue gliding wings, a light blue/white oval marking on his torso, and a red mask around his head. He can fly, shoot laser beams from his eyes, has super strength, super speed, supersonic hearing, , and can breathe ice. He is often seen doing housework until he hears the screams of a character that needs to be rescued. His appearance is somewhat based on Rocky J. Squirrel from Rocky and Bullwinkle. Similar to Flippy, Splendid isn't featured in either the TV or internet series a lot due to his repetitive trend of accidentally killing the characters he rescues. Whenever he appears, he is the character the episode revolves around with the exception of "Class Act".
The irony of Splendid being a superhero is that he often unintentionally kills the characters he rescues (Giggles in particular). This is usually either because of his ignorance or his own powers. Most of the time, he is oblivious to the other characters' deaths. He often flies away without checking to see if the other characters are actually safe with the exception of the episodes, "Helping Helps" and "Wrath of Con". However, in "Gems the Breaks", he purposely killed three characters (The Mole, Lifty & Shifty). In most episodes he appears in he kills all characters present, though in some episodes (ex., "See What Develops") other characters cause others' deaths. He believes that being a superhero is a pain in the neck.
Some think that Splendid has never died in the Internet shorts. This all depends on whether or not the fans assume that Splendid was killed in the schoolhouse explosion in Class Act. (You can see Splendid fly in when everyone is hurt outside). He is practically invincible. He never dies in the Internet Shorts. His only known death was in the TV episode "Gems the Breaks".
He has his own action show called Splendid's SSSSSuper Squad part of the Action Series: Ka-Pow!. In his first Ka-Pow! episode, "Mirror Mirror", he met his evil red counterpart named Splendont (similar to Bizarro). He was about to get acquainted with him, but Splendont snubbed him, and they began to fight each other to determine who is the better superhero. After Splendont shoved the moon towards Splendid and ran him into the ground, his doppelganger flew away, making this the first time Splendid has ever been defeated. He pressed his acorn-shaped watch to contact a team of other animal superheroes called the Supremely Slowly Slight Sleepy Super Squad for assistance. They were last seen trying to pry Splendid out of the pavement, but failed when the giant crowbar they were using broke.
Other characters.
Enemies.
While most suffering in Happy Tree Friends is accidental, there are some antagonistic forces within the fictional world.

</doc>
<doc id="9713675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713675" title="Dixie cups">
Dixie cups

Dixie cups may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9713687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713687" title="Sir Charles Asgill, 1st Baronet">
Sir Charles Asgill, 1st Baronet

Sir Charles Asgill, 1st Baronet (17 March 1713 – 15 September 1788), merchant banker, was the third son of Henry Asgill, silkman, of St Clement Danes, Middlesex and was educated at Westminster School. 
Apprenticed to the banking house of William Pepys & Co. he later became a partner in the firm of Vere and Asgill, bankers of Lombard Street in 1740. Alderman of Candlewick Ward (1749–1771) Asgill was also Master of the Skinners Company (1749), a Governor of Bridewell Royal Hospital (1743–1750), Sheriff of the City of London (1753) and Lord Mayor of London (1757–1758). 
Created a Baronet in 1761 Asgill married (1st) Hannah Vanderstegen and (2nd) Sarah Theresa Pratviel. The Lord Mayor's Coach, still in use today, was built for his inauguration and Asgill House (on part of the former site of Richmond Palace) was designed for him by the architect Sir Robert Taylor as a weekend and holiday villa, his London residence being in Portman Square.
Asgill's obituary in the "Gentleman's Magazine" stated that "he was a strong instance of what may be effected even by moderate abilities, when united with strict integrity, industry and irreproachable character." Asgill, who died leaving a large fortune was succeeded by his only son Sir Charles Asgill, 2nd Baronet, a general in the Army.

</doc>
<doc id="9713689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713689" title="Matt Karchner">
Matt Karchner

Matthew Dean Karchner (born June 28, 1967 in Berwick, Pennsylvania), is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1995 to 2000.
He was named on December 13, 2007 in the Mitchell Report (baseball) as having witnessed two Chicago Cubs teammates taking steroids during spring training in 1999. He also told baseball investigator George J. Mitchell that one of the players had injected the steroids into the other player's buttocks, and then injected them into his own body. Karchner would not identify the players. He also declined to identify the names of Cubs teammates whom he said had offered him steroids.
Karchner and his wife, Teresa, currently live in his hometown of Berwick, Pennsylvania, with their two children, Emma and Brooks.

</doc>
<doc id="9713702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713702" title="Spartan Arrow">
Spartan Arrow

The Spartan Arrow is a British two-seat biplane aircraft of the early 1930s, built by Spartan Aircraft Limited.
History.
Built as a successor to the company's first design the Simmonds Spartan, the Arrow was a two-seat biplane with a spruce and plywood fuselage. The prototype G-AAWY first flew in May 1930 with Cirrus Hermes II engine. The 13 production aircraft that followed used mainly the de Havilland Gipsy II engine.
One aircraft was fitted with floats and evaluated as a seaplane in 1931, it was converted back to a landplane and later sold in New Zealand.
One aircraft G-ABST was built to test a new air-cooled Napier engine (later knowns as the Javelin). The second prototype G-AAWY was also used by Cirrus Aero Engines as an engine test bed. Production of the Arrow ended in 1933.
Production.
Two prototypes and 13 production aircraft were built at Weston, Southampton, and after 20 February 1931 at East Cowes, Isle of Wight.
Survivors.
G-ABWP a Cirrus Hermes II powered Arrow (constructor's number 78) survives in flying condition based at Redhill Aerodrome in England.
Operators.
The aircraft was operated by flying clubs and private individuals:

</doc>
<doc id="9713730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713730" title="Edu Nandlal">
Edu Nandlal

Radjindernath "Edu" Nandlal (born 1963) is a Surinamese former professional footballer. During his career, he played for Dutch clubs FC Utrecht, FC Emmen and Vitesse. He was one of the footballers that survived the Surinam Airways Flight PY764 air crash in Paramaribo on 7 June 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9713735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713735" title="Occitano-Romance languages">
Occitano-Romance languages

The Occitano-Romance or East Iberian (, ) branch of Romance languages encompasses the dialects pertaining to the Occitan and the Catalan languages situated in France (Occitania, Northern Catalonia), Spain (Catalonia, Valencian Community, Balearic Islands, La Franja, Carche), Andorra, Monaco, parts of Italy (Occitan Valleys, Alghero, Guardia Piemontese), and historically in the County of Tripoli and the possessions of the Crown of Aragon. The existence of this group of languages is discussed both in linguistic and political basis. 
According to some linguists both Occitan and Catalan should be considered Gallo-Romance languages. Other linguists concur as regarding Occitan but consider Catalan to be part of the Ibero-Romance languages.
The issue at debate is as political as it is linguistic, because the division on Gallo-Romance and Ibero-Romance languages stems from the current nation-states of France and Spain, and thus is based more on territorial criteria than historic and linguistic criteria. One of the main proponents of the unity of the languages of the Iberian peninsula was Spanish philologist Ramón Menéndez Pidal, while from long time ago others like Wilhelm Meyer-Lubke ("Das Katalanische", Heidelberg, 1925) have supported the kinship of Occitan and Catalan.
During the Middle Ages, for five centuries (8th to 13th) of political and social convergence of these territories, there was no clear distinction or separation between Occitan and the Catalan. For instance, the Provençal troubadour, Albertet de Sestaró, says: "Monks, tell me which according to your knowledge are better: the French or the Catalans? and here I shall put Gascony, Provence, Limousin, Auvergne and Viennois while there shall be the land of the two kings." In Marseille, a typical Provençal song is called 'Catalan song'. (M. Milà i Fontanals, "De los Trobadores en España", p. 487)
Internal variation.
Even though most linguists do separate Catalan and Occitan, both languages have been treated as one in studies by Occitan linguists attempting to classify the dialects of Occitan in supradialectal groups.
This is the case of Pierre Bec or, more recently, of Domergue Sumien.
Both join together in an Aquitano-Pyrenean or Preiberian group Catalan, Gascon and a part of Languedocien, leaving the rest of Occitan in one (Sumien: Arverno-Mediterranean) or two groups (Bec: Arverno-Mediterranean, Central Occitan).

</doc>
<doc id="9713741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713741" title="Diocese of Tolentino">
Diocese of Tolentino

The Diocese of Tolentino was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy from the fifth century until it was merged with the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino in 1586.

</doc>
<doc id="9713742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713742" title="Marian Koshland Science Museum">
Marian Koshland Science Museum

The Marian Koshland Science Museum of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences (NAS) features exhibits that present modern science and scientific issues in an accessible way, geared for the general public. The museum, located in Washington, D.C., explores current scientific issues that are important for the nation’s and world’s public policy decisions, as presented in reports by the United States National Academies. The Museum shares a name with the Marian Koshland Integrated Natural Science Center at the elite liberal arts college, Haverford College, which has also been named in honor of Marian Koshland's service to the field of science as well as her time on that school's Board of Manager's.
Exhibit development.
The Koshland Science Museum is part of the National Academy of Sciences. Exhibits are developed based on guidance from committees of scientific experts, who donate their time and expertise to the museum. Each exhibit has its own Scientific Steering Committee, or group of subject-matter experts who oversee exhibit content and review information. A core group of museum staff members facilitates all aspects of exhibit selection, including development and fabrication. The museum also gets input from advisory groups, whether in-person, in the community, or online.
The museum also has a Museum Advisory Board, which is involved in strategic planning. Advisory board members may also review the exhibition topics and review and approve each exhibit's overall design and content. 
Each of the museum’s exhibitions has as a basis, some substantial study or group of studies published by the National Academies. Expert scientists distill this work, ensuring scientific accuracy. The scientific committees and museum staff consult additional science experts on specific aspects of each exhibition. Finally, the exhibits are reviewed by focus groups from the general public to assure that they not only are scientifically correct, but also user-friendly, enjoyable and effective in conveying the information correctly. Exhibit topics reflect current scientific issues and complex topics that help people to use science to solve problems in their communities.
The museum is centered around two primary exhibits: "Earth Lab," which focuses on issued related to climate change, and "Life Lab," which emphasizes learning, aging, nutrition, and infectious disease. The museum also has a "Wonders of Science" section devoted to interactive exhibits.
The museum also regularly hosts special events, such as guest speakers from the scientific community and lectures on scientifically-relevant current events.
Origin of the museum.
Opened in April 2004, the Marian Koshland Science Museum is named for Marian Koshland, an immunologist and molecular biologist who conducted groundbreaking research in the behavior of antibodies. The museum has been developed as the result of a gift from her husband, Daniel Koshland, a molecular biologist specializing in the study of enzymes and bacteria.
Location.
The museum is located at 525 E Street, NW. The museum entrance is at the corner of 6th & E Streets, NW, in the Penn Quarter neighborhood of Washington, DC. The museum can be reached from the Gallery Place-Chinatown Metro stop (1 block east and 1 block south), from the Archives Metro Stop (1 block north and 1 block east) or from the Judiciary Square Metro stop (2 blocks west). It lies 3 blocks north of the National Mall.
Admission is $7 for adults and $4 for students and members of the military.
External links.
• Official site for the Marian Koshland Science Museum of the National Academy of Sciences 

</doc>
<doc id="9713748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713748" title="Sauteurs">
Sauteurs

Sauteurs (pronounced Sau-tez) is a Fishing Town in the Saint Patrick Parish, Grenada and it's the fourth largest city on the island of Grenada, with a population of about 1,300. It is located in the far north of Grenada. Sauteurs is overlooking over the Sauteurs Bay. It's the largest town in the northern part of Grenada and it's the capital city of the Saint Patrick Parish.
History.
Here, the last remaining Carib Natives in Grenada jumped off a 40-meter-tall cliff later named Caribs' Leap to their deaths in 1651 rather than face domination by the conquering French. Thus the town was named "Sauteurs", which is French for "jumpers".
The trees and grotto erected in 1664 by Dominican Fathers to make a souls for Caribs and their place are a wooden deck from the century to today. In 1721, the French established St Patrick's Catholic church, which in 1784 the British government handed over to the Anglicans. However, the church was destroyed by fire. A police station now occupies the site.
On 1 March 1796, , the armed transport "Sally", and two commandeered sloops evacuated some 11 to 2100 British troops and militia who were trapped at Sauteurs by insurgents during Julien Fédon's revolt.
In 1840 a new St Patrick Catholic church was constructed and remains to this day.
Education.
In 2012 there were 6 Government/Assisted schools located in the Sauteurs area. Education is free and compulsory up to the age of 16. There are also several tertiary institutions in Sauteurs, like St. Patrick's Multi-Purpose Training, part of the T.A. Marryshow Community College (TAMCC).

</doc>
<doc id="9713764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713764" title="Tyler Houston">
Tyler Houston

Tyler Sam Houston (born January 17, 1971 in Las Vegas, Nevada), is a former professional baseball player who played third base and catcher in the Major Leagues from 1996-2003.
In 700 games, Houston tallied 479 hits, 63 home runs and 253 RBIs for a .265 batting average. 
In the 1989 MLB June draft, Houston was drafted second overall (first was Ben McDonald) and was the first high school player chosen. He graduated from Valley High School in Las Vegas, Nevada.
On Sunday, July 9, 2000, Houston hit three home runs against the Detroit Tigers. Willie Blair pitched for six innings and gave up Houston's first two home runs. Jason Bere gave up the third (440 ft). It was the first time in Brewers' history that a backup catcher received a curtain call.
He now coaches little league baseball and coaches varsity baseball at Coronado High School in Henderson, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="9713770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713770" title="Ballyhack, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Ballyhack, Newfoundland and Labrador

Ballyhack is a settlement in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It was named after Ballyhack in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9713772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713772" title="MSAR">
MSAR

MSAR can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9713784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713784" title="Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino">
Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino

The Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy founded in 1586 from a merger of the Diocese of Macerata and the Diocese of Tolentino. In 1986 it became the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia

</doc>
<doc id="9713786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713786" title="Teresa Tavares">
Teresa Tavares

Teresa Tavares (born December 29) is a Portuguese actress.
Teresa has been working extensively since 2000. She has been able to cross the line between Theatre, Cinema and Television and continues to work in every field. Her presence over the last 13 years on Portuguese television has made her an household name in Portugal.
She lives now between Lisbon and London. Her work in English speaking films includes leading roles in both Collider (Jason Buttler) and Star Crossed (Mark Heller).
Film credits include: Blood of my Blood (Joao Canijo), This Night (Werner Schroeter), Bazar (Patricia Plattner), Abrigo (Maxim Dierickx), Os Sorrisos do Destino (Fernando Lopes) and Minha Alma and You (Ana Rocha).
Theatre credits include leading roles in plays such as Schiller's Mary Stuart (playing Mary Stuart), Lessing's Emilia Galotti (playing Emilia Galotti), Falk Richter's Nothing Hurts (playing Sylvana) and Chekov's Uncle Vanya (playing Elena) and Three Sisters (playing Irina).
Television credits include: the Emmy award winning Lacos de Sangue, Pai a Forca, Os Serranos, Nome de Codigo: Sintra, Morangos com Acucar, Anjo Selvagem, Jardins Proibidos.

</doc>
<doc id="9713795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713795" title="Meir Blinken">
Meir Blinken

Meir Blinken (1879 – 1915) was an author born in the Russian Empire who published works in Yiddish after immigrating to the United States. One grandson, Alan Blinken, served as US ambassador to Belgium.
Stories by Meir Blinkin ; translated from the Yiddish by Max Rosenfeld ; with an introduction by Ruth R. Wisse.
Pub. Info Albany : State University of New York Press, 1984. Review [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9A00E6DD1239F93BA25750C0A962948260]

</doc>
<doc id="9713819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713819" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia

The Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia () is a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
Overview.
The Diocese of Macerata was established on 18 November 1320. It was united with the Diocese of Tolentino on 10 December 1586. The current diocese was founded in 1986 from a merger of the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino with the Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli, the Diocese of Recanati and the Diocese of San Severino (Treia).
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Fermo.

</doc>
<doc id="9713828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713828" title="Southern Democratic Party">
Southern Democratic Party

The Southern Democratic Party ("Partito Democratico Meridionale", PDM) was a centrist Italian political party based in Calabria. 
The Southern Democratic Party was founded in 2006, as a split from the regional organisation of Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy. The PDM's leader was Agazio Loiero, President of Calabria Region since 2005. Southern Democrats were strong supporters of constructing the Democratic Party in order to unite the Italian centre-left, despite PDM's members being mostly moderate-conservatives.
In the 2006 general election, thanks to a political pact with the Consumers' List, PDM scored 5.3% and elected a Senator, Pietro Fuda (former President of Province of Reggio Calabria for Forza Italia).
On 19 March 2007, Eva Catizone, formerly of the Italian Socialist Party and former mayor of Cosenza for the Democrats of the Left, was elected leader of the party.
In the subsequent municipal elections, PDM scored 13.7% in Catanzaro, 6.5% in Crotone and 4.2% in Cosenza.
It became part of the Democratic Party at its founding congress on 14 October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9713841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713841" title="Grand 1894 Opera House">
Grand 1894 Opera House

The Grand 1894 Opera House in Galveston, Texas is a historic theater currently operated as a not-for-profit performing arts theater. The Romanesque Revival style Opera House is located at 2020 Post Office Street in Galveston's Strand District.
History.
In 1894, Henry Greenwall raised $100,000 for construction of an opera house in Galveston. The opera house has stood through notable hurricanes, including the Galveston Hurricane of 1900. For much of the 20th century, it was used as a movie theater. The opera house underwent a major restoration between 1974 and 1990, after years of neglect. The restoration included volunteer efforts and support from the state of Texas.
The opera house is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as "Grand Opera House" in 1974.
The opera house suffered major damage and flooding during Hurricane Ike in 2008, but was restored.
Rumors abound of hauntings and other ghostly activity.

</doc>
<doc id="9713859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713859" title="Sir David Carnegie, 4th Baronet">
Sir David Carnegie, 4th Baronet

Sir David Carnegie of Pitarrow, 4th Baronet (22 November 1753 – 25 May 1805) was a Scottish politician and de jure 7th Earl of Southesk, 7th Baron Carnegie of Kinnaird and 7th Baron Carnegie, of Kinnaird and Leuchars.
Background.
He was the oldest son of Sir James Carnegie, 3rd Baronet and his wife Christian Doig, daughter of David Doig. In 1765, aged only twelve, Carnegie succeeded his father as baronet and de jure as Earl of Southesk. He was educated at Eton College, the University of St Andrews and Christ Church College, Oxford.
Career.
Carnegie entered the British House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for Aberdeen Burghs in 1784, sitting for it until 1790. He represented Forfarshire in the Parliament of Great Britain from 1796 until the Act of Union in 1801, then subsequently in the Parliament of the United Kingdom until his death in 1805. Carnegie was Deputy Governor of the British Linen Company. He partly rebuild and improved Kinnaird Castle, Brechin, the family's ancestral seat.
Family.
On 30 April 1783, he married Agnes Murray Elliot, daughter of Andrew Elliot, at Edinburgh and had by her ten daughters and two sons. Carnegie died at Gloucester Place in London and was buried at St Martin-in-the-Fields. He was succeeded in his titles by his older son James.

</doc>
<doc id="9713880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713880" title="1974–75 British Home Championship">
1974–75 British Home Championship

The 1974-75 British Home Championship was an international football tournament between the British Home Nations. It resulted in a resounding victory for an England team which was going through one of the worst periods of consistent play in their history. The tournament saw several draws, including two dramatic 2–2 ties for the Welsh team against England and Scotland and a goalless draw between England and Northern Ireland. The Scots had begun better, beating the Irish 3–0 in their second game and so entered the final match with a real chance of victory. The Welsh, like the English, had a 2 point advantage in their final match, but failed to capitalise on this, losing to Northern Ireland and ending in last place. The final game, between England and Scotland was in the end a one-sided affair, the English crushing the Scots in a 5–1 rout and winning the tournament.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9713883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713883" title="Christopher Hinton">
Christopher Hinton

Christopher Hinton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9713899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713899" title="Neil Turner (rugby league)">
Neil Turner (rugby league)

Neil Turner was a winger for Hull, Warrington and Doncaster.
Turner was surprisingly agile for a player with the physique of a second row. He won the Premiership with Hull in 1991 after joining the club from Doncaster. After a spell at Warrington he rejoined Doncaster and was a member of the side that won promotion to the top flight for the first time in the club's history in 1994. He is now a detective with South Yorkshire police.
Rugby League Premiership final appearances.
Neil Turner played , in Hull's 14-4 victory over Widnes in the 1990-91 Rugby League Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on 12 May 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9713904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713904" title="Barachois (disambiguation)">
Barachois (disambiguation)

Barachois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9713905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713905" title="Leptines II">
Leptines II

Leptines II (; died after 365 BC), son of Leptines I, was the nephew of Dionysius the Elder.
In 351 BC, Leptines aided Callippus in successfully expelling the garrison of Dionysius the Younger from Rhegium. After civil unrest within the city, Leptines and Polyperchon turned on Callippus stabbing him with reputedly the same sword that killed Dion. (352 BC)
In 342 BC, when Timoleon liberated Sicily, Leptines was sent into exile. He died in Corinth.

</doc>
<doc id="9713907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713907" title="Libraries Offences Act 1898">
Libraries Offences Act 1898

The Libraries Offences Act 1898 (61 & 62 Vict c 52) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It provided that certain behaviour in libraries and reading-rooms were considered an offence, liable on summary conviction to a fine of up to forty shillings. The Act extended to any public library established under the Public Libraries Act 1892, as well as to a library or reading-room maintained by any Industrial or Provident Society, any Friendly Society, or any registered trades union. The Act prohibited, where it was "to the annoyance or disturbance" of any other user - disorderly behaviour, the use of obscene or abusive language, gambling or betting, and persistently remaining within the library beyond its stated closing hours. It applied only to England and Wales.
The Act is still in force, though to a limited degree; it no longer extends to public libraries, which are dealt with under the Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964, and as such it only applies to libraries maintained by trade unions or industrial, provident or friendly societies. The forty-shilling fine has now been replaced by a fine of up to level 1 on the standard scale.

</doc>
<doc id="9713916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713916" title="Monedas al Aire">
Monedas al Aire

'Monedas al aire' is the second studio album of Carlos Varela, released in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9713924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713924" title="2000 Solheim Cup">
2000 Solheim Cup

The 6th Solheim Cup Match was held between 6 October and 8 October 2000 at Loch Lomond Golf Club, Luss, Dunbartonshire, Scotland. Team Europe won the trophy for the second time by a score of 14½ to 11½ points. Carin Koch holed the winning putt, coming back from three down to beat Michele Redman.
Teams.
The European team consisted of seven automatic qualifiers and five wild card picks from Captain Dale Reid. The US team consisted of 10 automatic qualifiers and two picks from Captain Pat Bradley.
Europe
Format.
A total of 26 points were available, divided among three periods of team play, followed by one period of singles play. The first period, on Friday morning, was four rounds of foursomes. This was repeated in the second period on Friday afternoon. The third period on Saturday was six rounds of fourballs in which all 24 players (12 from each team) took part. The final 12 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay. This was a slight change from the 1998 format and was not kept, as the 2002 match reverted to the 1998 format.
Day one.
"Friday, 6 October 2000"
Day two.
"Saturday, 7 October 2000"
Day three.
"Sunday, 8 October 2000"

</doc>
<doc id="9713930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713930" title="Michigan's congressional districts">
Michigan's congressional districts

Michigan is divided into 14 congressional districts, each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives.
The districts are currently represented in the 113th United States Congress by 5 Democrats and 9 Republicans.
Current districts and representatives.
List of members of the Michigan United States House delegation, their time in office, district maps, and the districts' political ratings according to the CPVI. The delegation has a total of 14 members, with 9 Republicans and 5 Democrats.

</doc>
<doc id="9713932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713932" title="2003 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2003 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2003 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 13–16, 2003 in Greensboro, North Carolina at the Greensboro Coliseum. The 2003 edition marked the 50th ACC tournament in history. Duke won the tournament for the fifth straight time. They defeated NC State in the championship game for the second year in a row. Duke's Daniel Ewing won the tournament's Most Valuable Player award.

</doc>
<doc id="9713956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713956" title="The Ascension (Glenn Branca album)">
The Ascension (Glenn Branca album)

The Ascension is the second studio album by American no wave musician Glenn Branca, released in 1981 by 99 Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9713957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713957" title="Brian Bedol">
Brian Bedol

Brian Bedol is an American television executive, entrepreneur, and founder of the sports television channels "Classic Sports Network" and "College Sports Television". Bedol owned CSN from 1995 to 1997 and CSTV from 2003 to 2006.
Bedol has since sold off both channels, to ESPN and CBS respectively, who have renamed the channels ESPN Classic and CBS Sports Network. He served as President and CEO of both companies. He left CSTV Networks in January, 2008. In 2009 he announced the formation of Bedrock Venture Partners to invest in early stage media and technology businesses. In addition, in August 2010, Major League Soccer announced it had hired Bedol as a consultant to help the league determine what to do with its media rights. In 2012, he founded Bedrocket in partnership with Huffington Post co-founder Ken Lerer. Bedol currently serves as the company's President and CEO.
Early career.
Brian Bedol is a "maverick entrepreneur in an increasingly mature industry dominated by conglomerates.", according to Mediaweek Magazine. He began his career as an advertising writer in Chicago writing McDonald's commercials, but soon after moved to New York as an on-air promotion producer for the not-yet-launched MTV. After returning to Harvard Business School he continued to work with MTV's parent company, Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment, and during the summer of 1984 was part of a small team that developed the business concept for Nickelodeon's evening programming block, Nick-at-Nite. 
After receiving his MBA from Harvard University, Bedol joined MTV founder Bob Pittman, as a partner overseeing television and home video at Quantum Media Ventures, where he created and executive-produced the ground-breaking and controversial Morton Downey, Jr. show. He was also the creator and executive producer of the Fox Network's first reality show, Totally Hidden Video. His other television credits include creator and co-executive producer of the television game show Pictionary, hosted by Brian Robbins and creator of the 1990 Fox comedy show Haywire. He also executive produced the home video of Hagler vs. Leonard: The Superfight,
the top-selling sports home video of the year.
While an executive at Quantum, Bedol, Pittman, and another partner, Mayo Stuntz, developed and launched Court TV with Steven Brill's American Lawyer Media. He also served on the board of directors of Quincy Jones Entertainment, the creator and producer of the hit television show, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. In 1986, Bedol, along with his partners, also led a secret effort to buy the J. Walter Thompson advertising agency. Although ultimately outbid by Martin Sorrell, Quantum had accumulated enough stock to earn over $10 million for two weeks of effort.
In 1990, Quantum was sold to Time Warner, and Bedol, Pittman, and Stuntz became the executive team for Time Warner Enterprises, the company's entrepreneurial ventures unit. The division's highest profile activity was its purchase of Six Flags Theme Parks from Wesray Capital Corporation, the pioneering leveraged buyout firm started by William Simon and Ray Chambers. Bedol joined the board of Six Flags, and oversaw the company's marketing, advertising, promotion, and creative operations. He developed the company's controversial national advertising strategy that compared Six Flags to Disneyland. During this period, Six Flags broke its all-time attendance and revenue records.
Classic Sports Network.
He left Time Warner at the end of 1992 to strike out on his own. While working on the launch of Nick-at-Nite, Bedol wanted to show classic sporting events alongside the classic sitcoms. Convinced by his associates that this was a bad idea for Nick-at-Nite, he decided to resurrect it as a stand-alone channel over a decade later. In 1995, Bedol launched his "Nick-at-Nite of sports" creation, Classic Sports Network. Partnered with Stephen Greenberg, former Deputy Commissioner of Major League Baseball and son of baseball hall of famer Hank Greenberg, the pair raised venture capital funding from Allen & Company, sports and business tycoon Wayne Huizenga, Paul Tudor Jones's Tudor Capital, and others. The network launched May 6, 1995 with a critically acclaimed programming stunt, "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, 24 hours of Muhammad Ali." Bedol and Greenberg successfully negotiated programming agreements with all of the major leagues, including the NFL, the NBA and Major League Baseball. They also licensed the boxing library of Bill Cayton that included many of the most important fights in boxing history, including those of Ali], Sonny Liston, Sugar Ray Robinson, Jack Dempsey, and Rocky Marciano. Additionally, they broadcast cult classics like Home Run Derby and the Joe Namath Show, a short-lived weekly variety show co-hosted by sportscaster Dick Schaap.
Unfortunately for the company, very few people could see the network. Because it was independently owned and not part of a media conglomerate, the roll-out of the network was slow. But Bedol persevered, and raised an additional $20 million from Warburg Pincus to keep the company afloat. An innovative marketer, Bedol recognized the value of using some of the greatest names in sports history to help grow the network. Since he couldn't afford to pay them in cash at the time, he formed the Classic Sports Network "Board of Champions," and gave each of its members a slice of equity in exchange for helping to promote the channel. The board's members included Joe Namath, Magic Johnson, Mary Lou Retton, Wilt Chamberlain, Gale Sayers, Ernie Banks, and Ted Williams.
The strategy was successful, and Classic Sports Network attracted a lot of attention and favorable publicity. It also attracted some unfavorable attention. After the company rejected Cablevision's approach to acquire the network in 1997, Cablevision decided to launch a competitive service called "American Sports Classics." In March, 1997, Bedol and Greenberg filed the first complaint with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) under the 1992 Cable Act.
Bedol's aggressive response succeeded, as American Sports Classics never launched, and Classic Sports Network was sold to ESPN later that year for around $175 million. Bedol oversaw the integration and transition to ESPN Classic (originally ESPN Classic Sports), and left the company in early 1999.
College Sports Television (CSTV).
After a hiatus of a few years where he was primarily an investor in early stage media businesses (See Other Business Ventures), in 2002 Bedol announced that he was returning to the cable industry with a new network featuring primarily college sports, called (at the time) NCSN, or National College Sports Network. It was the first sports network that recognized the power of sports to help promote the cable industry's recently introduced digital programming tiers. Bedol was quoted as saying "It's a marketing tool disguised as a programming service.
Similar to the Classic Sports strategy, CSTV acquired the television and internet rights to thousands of collegiate sporting events from over a dozen athletic conferences, including the Big Ten, the Southeastern Conference, and Conference USA.
Although the events CSTV acquired were not big enough for ESPN or Fox Sports, Bedol was one of the first media executives to recognize the value that could be created from aggregating niches using the internet. CSTV brought the long-tail theory to the internet. The creation of CSTV led to Bedol's selection by Sports Business Journal as one of the "20 Most Powerful People in College Athletics" in 2004.
Later that year, acquired the internet sports division from Student Advantage. This became the centerpiece of the broadband distribution strategy that set apart from all the other players in sports, and established the company as a pioneer in the broadband distribution of live sports. This led to the selecting to distribute the national Men's Basketball Championship over the internet in 2005. The tournament has since become the internet's largest annual online sporting event.
Business Week named Bedol to its list of Best Leaders of 2005, Sports Business Journal named him one of the 20 most influential people in online sports, and Sporting News named him to its "Power 100" list.
CSTV was acquired by CBS in 2006 for $325 million, and Bedol was named the President and CEO of the division.
Bedrocket.
In 2012, Bedol founded Bedrocket, a multi-platform media company that unites custom content and proprietary technology. A media company for the post-cable generation, Bedrocket develops and delivers digital content that is available on the web. The Bedrocket family includes:
• Network A
• Official Comedy
• Look TV
• KickTV
• What’s Trending
Bedrocket has also collaborated on several projects including the digital destination, "Flama", with Univision, the first comedy channel on Spotify, Mike Birbiglia’s film "Sleepwalk With Me" and an interactive interview with Jon Hamm for ESPN.
Other business ventures.
Bedol also helped pioneer the trend of sports teams owning their own regional sports networks. As a minority shareholder in the New Jersey Nets, he was a central participant in the negotiation of the deal that led to the formation of YankeeNets, the co-ownership of the New York Yankees and the Nets. He also worked very closely with Allen & Company to develop the media strategy and structure that led to the launch of the YES Network.
He also was head of the American-based venture capital group Fusient Media Ventures; Fusient is known primarily for an aborted deal to purchase World Championship Wrestling. In October 2010, he joined the Series A round financing of ticket management software firm, Spotlight Ticket Management.
Bedol earned his bachelor's degree from Boston University, and received an MBA from the Harvard Business School.

</doc>
<doc id="9713966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713966" title="Spartan Three Seater">
Spartan Three Seater

The Spartan Three Seater was a British three-seat biplane touring and pleasure-flying aircraft built by Spartan Aircraft Limited.
History.
Built as a three-seat version of the Simmonds Spartan, the Three Seater was a biplane with a spruce and plywood fuselage. Although not many aircraft were built, the Three Seater was a mainstay of the pleasure flying business in the 1930s. The wings were designed to fold back easily, in order to be stored in a shed rather than requiring a dedicated hangar.
Following the first batch of aircraft, designated the Three Seater I, an improved version was built and designated as the Three Seater II. The six Three Seater IIs had improved visibility for the pilot and easier access for the passengers, and were powered by a Cirrus Hermes IV engine.
One Three Seater II (registered as ZK-ARH) currently survives, owned by a private individual in New Zealand, having passed through British and Irish owners (as G-ABYN and EI-ABU) since its manufacture in June 1932.
Operators.
The aircraft was mainly operated by flying clubs and private individuals:

</doc>
<doc id="9713967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713967" title="Steven Erlanger">
Steven Erlanger

Steven J. Erlanger is an American journalist who has reported from more than 120 countries. He is currently the London bureau chief for "The New York Times", having moved there in August 2013 after more than five years as the paper's bureau chief in Paris. Erlanger joined the "Times" in September 1987.
Career.
After graduating "magna cum laude", Phi Beta Kappa, from Harvard College in 1974 with an A.B. in political philosophy, Erlanger was a teaching fellow at Harvard from 1975 to 1983. Concurrent with this billet, he was an editor and correspondent for the "Boston Globe" beginning in 1976, where he served on the national and foreign desks, covered the Iranian Revolution and Solidarity in Poland and was the European correspondent based in London from 1983–1987. He has written for numerous magazines, including "The Spectator", "The Economist", "The New Republic", "The Financial Times", "The New Statesman", "The Columbia Journalism Review", and "The National Interest".
Erlanger's previous posts at the "Times" include:
Personal.
Erlanger is the son of Jay and Florence Erlanger, both deceased. He is married to Elisabeth Erlanger. Erlanger graduated from The Taft School in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="9713968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713968" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli

The Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
It was founded in 1725 from a merger of the Diocese of Osimo and the Diocese of Cingoli. In 1986 it merged with the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino, the Diocese of Recanati and the Diocese of San Severino to form the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia.
It was contained within the Papal States.

</doc>
<doc id="9713971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713971" title="2007 National Invitation Tournament">
2007 National Invitation Tournament

The 2007 National Invitation Tournament was a single-elimination tournament of 32 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I teams which did not participate in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. The West Virginia University Mountaineers won the 2007 NIT.
The participating teams were selected by the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) selection committee using numerous resources such as computer rankings, results (head-to-head, chronological, last 10 games played, non-conference), and polls. The first round, second round, and quarterfinal games are held at the home court of the higher seed. The semifinal and final round are played at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. The 32 participating teams were announced on March 11, 2007. This is the first time since the NIT began seeding that all of the #1 seeds made the Final Four. Not only that, but both of the semifinal matches between the #1 seeds were one point games.
Selected teams.
Thirty-two NCAA Division I teams participated in the 2007 NIT. The number of participating teams was reduced from the 40 of the recent past to 32. Teams are chosen by the NIT selection committee based on numerous resources, including "computer rankings, head-to-head results, chronological results, Division I results, non-conference results, home and away results, results in the last 10 games, polls and the coaches' regional advisory committee's rankings". The teams are then seeded according to the NIT's procedures for seeding teams. The teams are then placed into four regions: East, South, West, and North.
First round.
The first round took place on March 13, 2007, and March 14, 2007. The higher-seeded team hosted each game.
Second round.
The second round took place March 15, 2007, through March 19, 2007. The higher-seeded team hosted the game.
A new attendance record for a NIT game was set at the Syracuse–San Diego State game in the Carrier Dome. Syracuse won the game 80–64 with the attendance total of 26,752.The old record of 23,522 was set by Kentucky in 1979.
Quarterfinals.
The quarterfinals round took place March 20, 2007, and March 21, 2007. (March 22 was reserved as a backup date in case of scheduling conflicts, but none arose.) The higher-seeded team hosted each game.
Semifinals.
The semifinals round took place March 27, 2007 at Madison Square Garden.
Finals.
The finals round took place March 29, 2007 at Madison Square Garden.
The post-tournament celebration by the Mountaineers was overshadowed by a typographical error on the championship T-shirt, on which the school name was rendered as "WEST VIRGINA". The vendor, 6th Man Sportswear, has apologized for this mistake, and has indicated that all T-shirts, except for those 25 printed for the team in preparation for a victory, contain the correct spelling.

</doc>
<doc id="9714003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714003" title="List of features removed in Windows Vista">
List of features removed in Windows Vista

While Windows Vista contains many new features, a number of capabilities and certain programs that were a part of previous Windows versions up to Windows XP were removed or changed – some of which were later re-introduced in Windows 7.
The following is a list of features which were present in Windows XP but were removed in Windows Vista.

</doc>
<doc id="9714006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714006" title="Gary Nolan (rugby league)">
Gary Nolan (rugby league)

Gary Nolan was an English rugby league player for Hull F.C.. Nolan was a substitute, and scored a try in Hull's 14-4 victory over Widnes in the 1990-91 Rugby League Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on the 12 May 1991. He had previously scored the winning try in the semi-final against Leeds RLFC, leapt into the air to collect a bomb from Greg Mackey and taking the ball out of the hands of Leeds "star" All-Black full-back John Gallagher.
Nolan had been an amateur with Hull Dockers just six weeks previously. He made his mark in the Old Trafford game after entering as a 48th-minute substitute. He claimed the clinching try in the 14-4 win with just 10 minutes remaining when he stretched out an arm through a tangle of bodies. It was only his fourth first-team appearance and he enjoyed only a short career. He is now the manager of a food processing plant in Hull.

</doc>
<doc id="9714013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714013" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Osimo">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Osimo

The Diocese of Osimo was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
It was founded in the seventh century and in 1725 merged with the Diocese of Cingoli to form the Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli.
It was contained within the Papal States.

</doc>
<doc id="9714014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714014" title="Rowhill">
Rowhill

Rowhill is a nature reserve situated in Surrey on the Hampshire border between Aldershot and Farnham and residential roads adjoining the A325 and the Alton railway line in England.
Rowhill nature reserve.
Rowhill nature reserve is a nature reserve that straddles the border between Farnham and Aldershot. It is linked to the Rowhill area, by name, but does not form part of the Rowhill ward. The source of the River Blackwater is located within the nature reserve.
The reserve includes a field centre which is open in the afternoon on Sundays and Bank holidays.
The nature reserve is owned by Rushmoor borough council and is maintained by a group of volunteers from the Rowhill Nature Reserve Society. The society received the Queen's Award for Voluntary Service in 2011. While the reserve is owned by Rushmoor borough council, it was declared a Local nature reserve by Waverley borough council in 1983.
The nature reserve also lends its name to a ward for certain elections forming the southwest of Aldershot, which is also known simply as "West End".

</doc>
<doc id="9714023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714023" title="Mr. &amp; Mrs. Pac-Man">
Mr. &amp; Mrs. Pac-Man

Mr. & Mrs. Pac-Man is a 1982 pinball game designed by George Christian and released by Bally/Midway. It is based on Namco's classic "Pac-Man" series (whose games at the time were distributed by Bally Midway).

</doc>
<doc id="9714027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714027" title="Lelouch Lamperouge">
Lelouch Lamperouge

, whose real name is , is a title character and the protagonist of the Sunrise anime series "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion". In the series, Lelouch is a former prince from the superpower Britannia who is given the power of the "Geass" by a witch known as C.C. Using the Geass and his genius-level intellect, Lelouch becomes the leader of the resistance movement known as The Black Knights under his alter ego to destroy the Holy Britannian Empire, an imperial monarchy that has been conquering various countries under control from his father. His Japanese voice actor is Jun Fukuyama, and his child self is voiced by Sayaka Ohara. His English dub voice is provided by Johnny Yong Bosch with Michelle Ruff doing Lelouch's child voice.
Lelouch was designed by the group of manga artists Clamp who aimed to create an appealing character due to his style and visual appeal. The character of Lelouch has been recognized as one of Japan's most popular characters during the time "Code Geass" aired appearing at the top of several polls. Publications for anime and manga saw Lelouch as an interesting character as although he wishes to destroy an empire using ruthless methods, he still has several strong relationships that made him a likeable character. His voice actors Fukuyama and Bosch have also been praised for their work as Lelouch's voice.
Creation and design.
While designing the concept art for Lelouch, the series' original character designers, Clamp, had initially conceived of his hair color as being white. Nanase Ohkawa, head writer at Clamp, said she had visualized him as being a character to which "everyone" could relate to as being "cool", literally, a "beauty". While developing the character during the initial planning stages, the series' core staff at Sunrise, director Gorō Taniguchi, writer Ichirō Ōkouchi, and the production team discussed numerous possible influences for the character with Clamp, such as the Japanese idol duos KinKi Kids and Tackey & Tsubasa.
During the early planning stages for Lelouch's alter ego, "Zero", Clamp had wanted to create a mask never witnessed prior in any Sunrise series. Zero was one of the earliest developed characters. Ōkouchi wanted a mask to be included as a part of the series, because he felt that a mask was necessary for it to be a Sunrise show. In early designs of the character, Zero possessed long silver nails.
His Japanese voice actor is Jun Fukuyama, and his child self is voiced by Sayaka Ohara. His English dub voice is provided by Johnny Yong Bosch with Michelle Ruff doing Lelouch's child voice. Bosch commented that when voice acting, his most preferred roles are Lelouch (Code Geass) and Nero (Devil May Cry 4) since they both possess "good emotion to play." For Lelouch's laughters, he tends to have several emotions in mind such as fear and joy. Bosch also commented having felt emotional when the character of Lelouch died.
Character outline.
Lelouch vi Britannia is the son of the Emperor of Britannia, Charles zi Britannia, and the late Imperial Consort Marianne, making Lelouch the Eleventh Prince of the Holy Britannian Empire. He was seventeenth in line to Imperial throne prior to his mother's assassination, an event which also left his sister blind and crippled. His father banished him and his sister Nunnally to Japan, where he was used as a political hostage. It was during his stay at the Kururugi household that he first met Suzaku Kururugi, who would later become his best friend.
His mother's death and his father's apparent unconcern about it were huge blows to Lelouch. He always felt that it was unfair for both his mother and sister, and therefore made it his goal to pursue a better world for Nunnally. He also seeks to discover the true reason for his mother's death, as she was murdered in the Aries Imperial Palace, a place terrorists would be unlikely to penetrate successfully without being noticed, if at all. Lelouch is an individual who is calm, sophisticated, and arrogant due to his aristocratic upbringing. At school, Lelouch conducts himself as a sociable, likeable, and often easy-going student; however, in reality, this is a mask to hide his true nature. As Zero, his true nature is expressed. His charisma and beliefs in justice gain him the trust and respect of many soldiers and leaders.
Lelouch possesses very strong philosophical beliefs: beliefs that define both his actions and his motivations. Perhaps his most notable motivation is that he rejects his father's beliefs of Social Darwinism. He believes the world can live in cooperation rather than competition and conflict. To achieve this aim, he believes that the ends justify the means; he is willing to commit evil if it means bringing down a worse evil in the process. Lelouch also has strong beliefs concerning death and killing, thinking that one should kill only if they are prepared to be killed themselves.
Abilities.
Lelouch's Geass, given to him by C.C., grants him "the power of absolute obedience," allowing him to plant commands within a person's mind upon eye contact, similar to extreme hypnosis. Activation of his Geass is visually represented by the manifestation of a Geass sigil in his left eye. Commands dictated in this state are written into the minds of anyone he makes eye contact with. The people under this power obey whatever orders Lelouch gives them. They cannot be resisted or taken back when they are applied. It can only be used once per person.
Even if without his Geass, Lelouch is a formidable opponent. He is capable of devising and executing strategies with fantastic speed and precision. He rarely battles opponents one-on-one. Instead, he usually attacks with coordinated groups or armies under his direct command, or using clever plots, schemes, and deceptions to gain an advantage. He also thinks of his battles as chess games, at which he is a masterful player, always besting any opponent who played against him. Before he received his Geass power, he often gambles on his chess games against nobility and other skilled players out of sheer boredom, which he wins of course. As a teenager, he utilizes his masterful skills in real battle, by predicting his enemies' moves and countering them, and when he's faced with overwhelming odds, Lelouch almost always comes up with a plan that destroys all of the enemy forces at once in a spectacular fashion. In contrast, his physical state is poor; however, he displays above-average hand-eye coordination, both with firearms and the keyboard-based control system of the Shinkirō. Lelouch is also shown to be very charismatic and persuasive, able to win the support of the populace through well-delivered speeches combined with his ability to make miracles through excellent strategic planning. In episode 14 of R2, V.V. remarks that Lelouch is a lot like his father.
Lelouch usually operates standard Knightmares, but pilots such as Suzaku and Cornelia, both of whom are masterful pilots who use more advanced models, are commonly able to overwhelm him in single combat. Lelouch is typically accompanied by Kallen, who serves as his personal guard. After stealing the advanced model, Gawain, Lelouch co-pilots it with C.C., controlling the weapons and command functions while C.C. handles navigation and flight, until it was lost in the ocean, when trying to deal with Jeremiah. After the Black Knights are exiled from Japan, Lelouch pilots the Shinkirō, which has the strongest defense of any Knightmare, but it requires an intellect of his level to perform the complex calculations needed for it to be effective.
In "Code Geass".
First season.
Lelouch is introduced in the first episode of the series as a student of Ashford Academy, where he is a member of its student council. He accidentally boards a truck used by Japanese resistance operatives. Within the truck is a capsule holding a witch known as C.C. (pronounced "Cee Two), who sacrifices herself to save him from the military forces trying to recapture her. When it seems as if her sacrifice was pointless, C.C. offers him the "Power of the King", the mythical power of Geass. The Geass manifests itself in him as the power of absolute obedience, which allows him to make people obey his orders without question. With his new power, Lelouch begins his rebellion against the Britannian Empire, starting by killing his half-brother, Clovis, after extracting information about the murder of his mother, Marianne. He takes up the identity of Zero and later forms the Order of the Black Knights, becoming a revolutionary and gaining popular support amongst the people.
The turning point in his rebellion comes when Euphemia li Britannia declares the region under Mount Fuji the Special Administrative Zone of Japan, giving the Japanese people their name and country back, albeit in a much smaller area. Lelouch confronts her at the opening ceremony and tries to have her shoot him, hoping to make himself a martyr. When she says she plans to give up her royal title, he surrenders and agrees to work with her. However, at this moment his Geass permanently activates without him knowing, and an offhand comment about ordering her to kill the Japanese causes Euphemia to do just that. Lelouch reluctantly kills her and uses the massacre as an excuse to spark the Black Rebellion, in which he declares Japan to be an independent nation and leads an attack on the Tokyo Settlement. The attack goes well at first, but when Lelouch learns that Nunnally has been kidnapped, he abandons the battle, leaving his forces helpless against the better-organized Britannian military. Lelouch makes his way to Kaminejima to search for Nunnally, but is confronted by Suzaku.
Second season.
A year after the Black Rebellion, Lelouch is living as an Ashford student, having had his memory deleted by the Emperor after Suzaku captured him. To maintain the lie, Rolo Lamperouge was assigned as Lelouch's younger brother. Lelouch's memories are restored by C.C., and he resumes leadership of the Black Knights, gaining Rolo's trust in the process. When Nunnally is appointed as Governor of Area 11 and announces her plans to reestablish the Special Administrative Zone of Japan, Lelouch engineers the legal exile of the Black Knights by getting the Britannians to agree to exile Zero in exchange for bringing one million participants for Nunnally's new Japan.
The Black Knights escape to the Chinese Federation, where Lelouch begins forging an alliance with the other world powers to create a force that rivals Britannia. He starts by destabilizing the Chinese Federation, returning control to Empress Tianzi from the High Eunuchs. Once Lelouch's new alliance, the United Federation of Nations, is formed, their first act is to liberate Japan. Despite Lelouch's desire to protect his sister, his Geass forces Suzaku to shoot a nuclear weapon, destroying a large portion of the Tokyo Settlement. Schneizel then convinces the Black Knights to betray him but Rolo sacrifices his life to save his brother. Lelouch decides to go to Kamine Island and defeat his father. There he erases his parents by ordering an entity known as the C World to disappear with his Geass. One month later, he usurps the Britannian throne and appoints Suzaku as his knight to set the stage for their ultimate plan, the Zero Requiem.
As Emperor, Lelouch dismantles the Britannian class system and frees every colony; however, Lelouch takes the council members hostage after it is revealed that Britannia's large population would give him a majority voting block. This brings him into conflict with Schneizel and the Black Knights who are led by Kaname Oghi. In the final battle, Lelouch outwits Schneizel, placing him under a Geass command to serve Zero and claims victory when disarming Nunnally. Two months later, Lelouch arranges for the public execution of the Black Knight leaders and the U.F.N. representatives. Suzaku, disguised as Zero, interrupts and stabs Lelouch through the stomach, this being the culmination of the Zero Requiem as they had planned.
Appearances in other media.
In "Code Geass: Lost Colors", the video game for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable, there are a several different endings and clips of Lelouch that involve the main character, Rai who joins the same school. Across the game, the player can make Rai befriend Lelouch. Rai can also become Lelouch's best friend as well as Zero's partner. In the video game "", Lelouch makes an appearance in his Knightmare Frame, Shinkirō. He also appears in the spin-off with his Shinkiro. Lelouch and the rest of the "Code Geass" R1 cast make their debut to the "Super Robot Wars" franchise in this game, using their R1 Knightmares.
The "Code Geass" manga follows the same basic plot as the anime, but with several differences. Knightmares do not exist. As for Lelouch's character, he is still the same as he was in the anime. He takes on the identity Zero, but largely focuses on his activities with the Black Knights.
"Nightmare of Nunnally" features Lelouch's transformation into Zero by merging with C.C. This time the Geass grants Lelouch supernatural strength allowing him to battle the Knightmares in hand-to-hand combat. Surprisingly Lelouch knows the same martial arts as Suzaku. After several fights against Britannia, Zero orders the Black Knights to side with the army to defeat the Emperor as Euphemia is due to take over the empire. Once the Emperor is defeated, Zero's death is announced, as Lelouch inherits C.C.'s name and immortality, becoming C.C. The Demon King and goes forth to spread Geass and to promote conflict around the world.
In the manga "Suzaku of the Counterattack", Lelouch obtains his Geass in the same way as in the anime series, except that his Geass symbol is slightly rendered. Many of the Black Knights are not loyal to Zero and often split off into renegade factions or act without his knowledge. Lelouch is held responsible for a terrorist attack when a Black Knights faction had gone renegade without following his instructions. He later goes to kill his father only to discover that he was already killed by Schneizel, his half-brother; however, it is later revealed to be Schneizel's scheme to get Lelouch executed and to take C.C.'s Code. Near the end of the manga, Lelouch tries to use his Geass on Schneizel, but the latter punctures his left eye, leaving him never to use his Geass again.
In "Tales of an Alternate Shogunate", set in 1853 at the Bakumatsu Era, Lelouch is the commander of the military counterinsurgence brigade known as the Shinsengumi, formed under the orders of the Shogunate to fight the rebel group known as the Black Revolutionaries, but was secretly the leader of that group as Zero and has gained information from within. The event is set in Kyoto, and Lelouch had recently acquired his geass from C.C. and had stolen Britannian's new Knightmare, Gawain.
In a special "Code Geass" Picture Drama episode, Lelouch appears on December 5 for Ashford Academy's school festival, helping Rivalz, now school president, along with some of his friends. However a battle erupts in school grounds by the Neo-Chinese Federation, led by a former eunuch, whom takes everyone hostage. With help of his friends, Lelouch manages to stop the Federation soldiers. In the aftermath, the entire episode is revealed to be a dream which the ghost of Lelouch used to thank everyone. In a special OVA parody episode, based on the "Alice in Wonderland" story, Lelouch is narrating the story and appears in the role as the Mad Hatter. 
Reception.
Lelouch's character has been well received by viewers of the series, appearing in various anime polls. Lelouch was chosen as the most popular male character of 2006, 2007 and 2008 at Animage magazine and "Newtype" magazine named him the best anime male character of the decade. He was chosen the most popular male character of 2006, 2007, and 2008 at "Animage" magazine's annual Anime Grand Prix. In the Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation Awards from 2008, Lelouch was nominated as one of the best male characters. In 2014, NTT customers voted him as their 13th favorite black haired male anime character. His voice actor Jun Fukuyama also won the "Best Actor in a Leading Role" award for his portrayal of the character at the first Seiyu Awards in 2007. Fukuyama's work as Lelouch's voice actor also lead him to win the Tokyo International Anime Fair in the category "Best Voice Actor".
Critics for anime and manga series have also commented on Lelouch's character. Anime News Network's Carl Kimlinger stated that Lelouch "is hard to like" because of his narcissistic personality, but noted that his bonds with Nunnally and his friends make up for that. Bamboo Dong from the site agreed with Kimlinger because of Lelouch's arrogance but at the same time commented that such traits made him interesting to watch. Gia Manry from the same site listed Suzaku and him as the third best "frenemies" in anime due to how their friendship falls apart as a result of their rivalry. Mostly positive response were given by Danielle Van Gorder from Mania Entertainment due to Lelouch's differences from most of anime's protagonists and how his double life as a Zero and as a student is shown across the series. Chris Beveridge from the same site praised Lelouch's actions in "R2" when he becomes Britannia's Emperor, describing him as "the classic angle of the villain with good motives" because of the dangerous actions he does for a greater good. Beveridge also commented on his confrontations with Scheizel and Nunnally, mentioning the rivalry across the series in the former and citing the latter as heartbreaking.
IGN compared him with "Death Note"s Light Yagami and the "Count of Monte Cristo"s Edmond Dantès due to his double life and his questionable methods, respectively. The double life aspect has also been praised due to how such change also differentiates the show's tone from a high school comedy to an action show, and how he "winds-up" between his two selves. Moreover, his reasons for evil actions have also been found to help viewers to like the character. Also from IGN, Ramsey Isler found Lelouch's double life trait as rather comical as after short prologue of his role as Zero in an episode, he is seen doing homework at school for being absent to classes. Kevin Leathers from UK Anime Network enjoyed Lelouch's personality as his cold persona made the series "refreshing" from other mecha anime. Johnny Yong Bosch's role as Lelouch's English voice actor has also been praised due to how Lelouch's villany and youth characteristics are portrayed. Lelouch is ranked 23rd on IGN's 2009 list of best anime characters of all time, and 18th on IGN's 2014 list.

</doc>
<doc id="9714029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714029" title="Dean Busby">
Dean Busby

Dean Busby (born Thursday ) is a rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for England, and Wales, and at club level for Hull (twice), St. Helens, and Warrington Wolves, as a , or , i.e. number 11 or 12, or 13.
International honours.
Dean Busby won 8-caps for Great Britain Under-21s, 1-cap for England against Wales in 1992, and won caps for Wales while at Hull in 1998 against England, while at Warrington in 2000 against South Africa, in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup against Cook Islands, Lebanon, and Papua New Guinea, and in 2001 against England.
Dean Busby played for Wales at the 1995 Rugby League World Cup, and the 2000 Rugby League World Cup.
Club honours.
Dean Busby played in St. Helens' double winning season in 1996's Super League I and the Challenge Cup.
Rugby League Premiership final appearances.
Dean Busby played , i.e. number 13 in Hull's 14-4 victory over Widnes in the 1990-91 Rugby League Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on Sunday 12 May 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9714048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714048" title="List of Happy Tree Friends episodes">
List of Happy Tree Friends episodes

This is a list of the "Happy Tree Friends" Internet and TV episodes. There are 4 seasons for the Internet shorts so far and 13 episodes for the first season of the TV series have been aired. In 1999 the crew began the series with two pilot episodes. The very first pilot was named "Banjo Frenzy", which featured a blue dinosaur, a sky-blue squirrel, a yellow rabbit and a purple beaver. The second pilot was named "Spin Fun Knowin' Ya!" and featured later versions of the dinosaur, the rabbit, the squirrel and the beaver and, from that on, the crew began introducing new characters to the show. It quickly became an internet phenomenon featuring millions of visits per episode. 
After airing two seasons for the web show, the crew decided, in 2006, to extend the internet shorts into half-hour-long TV episodes. Each half-hour episode split into three seven-minute segments. The series became a real success and its first season finished three months after its premiere, airing thirteen half-hour episodes and a total of thirty-nine segments. After the end of the first television season there had been discussions by the creators of a second season but Ken Pontac confirmed that a second TV season is not currently being worked on. The TV series has been cancelled. After one year since the TV series has cancelled and with no new episodes being aired, the series returned for a third internet season. 
A spin-off called "Ka-Pow!" debuted on September 2008. In 2010, after airing fourteen episodes for the third web season, a hiatus began, in which there were only breaks airing with a subliminal message at the end of each, which reads "Happy Tree Friends IS DEAD!". This situation concerned many fans because they thought that the series were going to end soon. The writers confirmed that they were playing a joke on the fact that the characters die a lot and made a pun phrase with the word "dead". The hiatus ended on December 8, 2011 and the series returned once again with the fifteenth episode of the third season, which was named "Clause for Concern".
Internet shorts seasons.
Internet series overview.
In addition to the show's three seasons and an unofficial pilot, there have been some special shorts since its premiere in 1999. These include ten shorts not listed in any season, eleven special shorts dubbed as "Smoochies", six special Christmas-themed episodes dubbed as "Kringles", three Valentine's Day-themed episodes dubbed as "Love Bites" and five "Break" shorts. The "Smoochie" shorts involve three different items being dropped next to a main character, only for them to be killed in three different ways, each regarding the item. These have been adapted into the "Happy Tree Friends" website where one can choose an item to drop. The "Kringle" shorts are Christmas-themed shorts that feature the main characters doing various Christmas-related tasks, only to be killed in various ways. The "Love Bites" were Valentine's Day-themed shorts, that went with the basic structure of a "Happy Tree Friends" episode. The "Break" shorts were produced in 2006, when no new shorts were produced until the following year. A new break short debuted in 2009.
TV series seasons.
"Happy Tree Friends and Friends" shorts (2004-2006).
The following shorts and series were added when the web series was aired on G4 in the United States and SBS in Australia as "Happy Tree Friends and Friends":
Season 1 (2006).
One Foot in the Grave
Lesser of Two Evils
The Third Degree
Four on the Floor
Marooned Five
Deep Six
Seventh Heaven
Behind the Magic Eight Ball
Nine Lives
Ten Speed
Eleventh Hour
Twelfth Night
Friday the 13th

</doc>
<doc id="9714066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714066" title="Diocese of Cingoli">
Diocese of Cingoli

The Diocese of Cingoli was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
It was founded in the fifth century and in 1725 merged with the Diocese of Osimo to form the Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli.
It was contained within the Papal States.

</doc>
<doc id="9714067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714067" title="Ian Marlow">
Ian Marlow

Ian Marlow ( in Beverley) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, playing representative level for Wales, and at club level for Hull F.C., and Wakefield Trinity, as a , or , i.e. number 8 or 10, 11 or 12.
Marlow was spotted by Hull playing rugby union for local side in Beverley. He was a strong, no-nonsense forward with a good passing game. He is now a civil servant in West Yorkshire.
Playing career.
International honours.
Ian Marlow won caps for Wales while at Wakefield Trinity in 1993 against New Zealand, and in 1994 against France (sub), and Australia.
Rugby League Premiership final appearances.
Ian Marlow played in Hull's 14-4 victory over Widnes in the 1990-91 Rugby League Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on Sunday 12 May 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9714080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714080" title="Joana Solnado">
Joana Solnado

Joana Solnado (born September 21, 1983) is a Portuguese actress.
Biography.
Born in Lisbon, Joana Sonado is the granddaughter of actor Raul Solnado and the daughter of writer Alexandra Solnado. She studied Communications in the Lusófona University, and graduated in theater with Brazilian actor Thiago Justino and studied acting at the now defunct Moderna University.
Career.
She participated in theater projects such as "Confissões de Adolescente" (Teenagers's Confessions) in 2002 and "Olha quem está aí para o Natal" (Look Who Is Here For Christmas) in 2003 and in several productions directed by Thiago Justino, such as "King, I Have the Dream" presented in The Edge Festival, in England with the Gulbenkian Foundation.
She became popular after participating in several Portuguese telenovelas such as "O Último Beijo" in 2002, Morangos com Açúcar from 2003 to 2004, "Tempo de Viver" in 2006 and "Ilha dos Amores" in 2007. In Brazil, she participated in Rede Globo's telenovela "Como uma Onda" from 2004 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9714081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714081" title="LSU Lady Tigers basketball">
LSU Lady Tigers basketball

The LSU Lady Tigers basketball team represents Louisiana State University in NCAA Division I women's college basketball. The team has been led by head coach Nikki Caldwell since the 2011-2012 season. The team plays its home games in the Pete Maravich Assembly Center located on the LSU campus in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
History.
The LSU women's basketball team started play in 1975 as the "Ben-Gals," with coach Jinks Coleman. In just their second season of play, the team made it to the AIAW national championship game before losing to top-ranked Delta State, 68-55. Coleman stepped down in the middle of the 1978-1979 season and was replaced by Barbara Swanner, who in turn led the team for three and a half seasons. The 1981-1982 season saw the NCAA become the governing body of collegiate women's basketball. LSU did not play in the first NCAA tournament.
Future Hall of Fame coach Sue Gunter was hired to replace Swanner. Gunter would lead the Lady Tigers for the next 22 seasons. Gunter led the Lady Tigers to 14 NCAA tournament appearances. Although she only won three regular season titles, for most of her tenure the was SEC dominated by national powers Tennessee, Auburn and Ole Miss. Gunter took a medical leave of absence in the middle of the 2003-04 season. Her top assistant, Pokey Chatman, who had played for Gunter in the late 1980s and early 1990s and served as an assistant coach since the end of her playing days, took over as interim coach and led the Tigers to their first Final Four. However, Gunter was still officially head coach, and LSU credits the entire season to her. Gunter retired after the season, and Chatman was named her permanent successor. 
Pokey Chatman led the team to two more consecutive Final Four appearances and was highly regarded as coach. However, during the 2006-2007 season, just prior to the NCAA Tournament, Chatman resigned after allegations of improper conduct with a former player surfaced. She was replaced on an interim basis by longtime assistant Bob Starkey, who coached the team during the 2007 NCAA Tournament, leading them to a fourth consecutive Final Four. Van Chancellor, the former longtime head coach at Ole Miss, was hired at the end of the season as a permanent replacement.
In his first year as coach, Chancellor led the Lady Tigers to the SEC regular season championship. The Lady Tigers were runner-up in the 2008 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament and made the NCAA Final Four for a fifth consecutive year. LSU joined Connecticut as the only two schools ever to reach five consecutive Final Fours.
On April 2, 2011 LSU hired Nikki Caldwell to replace Chancellor as head coach of the Lady Tigers. Caldwell had played for Tennessee in her playing days.
Through the 2012-2013 season, LSU has made 23 AIAW/NCAA tournament appearances including 13 Sweet Sixteens, 8 Elite Eights, and 5 Final Fours. The Lady Tigers have won the SEC regular season championship 3 times, and the SEC Tournament championship twice.
Arena.
Pete Maravich Assembly Center.
The Pete Maravich Assembly Center is a 13,215-seat multi-purpose arena in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The arena opened in 1972 and is home of the LSU Lady Tigers basketball team. It was originally known as the LSU Assembly Center, but was renamed in honor of Pete Maravich, a Tiger basketball legend, shortly after his death in 1988. The Maravich Center is known to locals as "The PMAC" or "The Palace that Pete Built," or by its more nationally known nickname, "The Deaf Dome," coined by Dick Vitale.
The slightly oval building is located directly to the north of Tiger Stadium, and its bright-white roof can be seen in many telecasts of that stadium. The arena concourse is divided into four quadrants: Pete Maravich Pass, The Walk of Champions, Heroes Hall and Midway of Memories. The quadrants highlight former LSU Tiger athletes, individual and team awards and memorabilia pertaining to the history of LSU Lady Tigers and LSU Tigers basketball teams.
Practice and Training facilities.
LSU Basketball Practice Facility.
The LSU Basketball Practice Facility is the practice facility for the LSU Lady Tigers basketball and LSU Tigers basketball teams. The facility is connected to the Pete Maravich Assembly Center through the Northwest portal. The facility features separate, full-size duplicate gymnasiums for the women's and men's basketball teams. They include a regulation NCAA court in length with two regulation high school courts in the opposition direction. The courts are exact replicas of the Maravich Center game court and have two portable goals and four retractable goals. The gymnasiums are equipped with a scoreboard, video filming balcony and scorer's table with video and data connection. The facility also houses team locker rooms, a team lounge, training rooms, a coach's locker room and coach's offices.
The building also includes a two-story lobby and staircase that ascends to the second level where a club room is used for pre-game and post-game events and is connected to the Pete Maravich Assembly Center concourse. The lobby includes team displays and graphics, trophy cases and memorabilia of LSU basketball. A 900-pound bronze statue of LSU legend Shaquille O'Neal is located in front of the facility.
LSU Strength and Conditioning facility.
The LSU Lady Tigers basketball team weight room is located in the LSU Strength and Conditioning facility or LSU North Stadium weight room. Built in 1997, it is located in Tiger Stadium. Measuring 10,000-square feet with a flat surface, it has 28 multi-purpose power stations, 36 assorted selectorized machines and 10 dumbbell stations along with a plyometric specific area, medicine balls, hurdles, plyometric boxes and assorted speed and agility equipment. The weight room also features 2 treadmills, 4 stationary bikes, 2 elliptical cross trainers, a stepper and stepmill.
Year by year results.
Conference tournament winners noted with # Source

</doc>
<doc id="9714091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714091" title="Mérovée Ephrem">
Mérovée Ephrem

Mérovée Ephrem (born 7 February 1990 in Carpentras) is a French figure skater who skated internationally for Monaco. She is the first skater to represent Monaco in an ISU Championship, which she did for the first time at the 2007 European Figure Skating Championships. Before the 2006-2007 season, she competed in France and placed 8th as a junior at the French Figure Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9714099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714099" title="Alfred Goodwin">
Alfred Goodwin

Alfred Theodore Goodwin (born June 29, 1923) is a senior judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He was chief judge of that court in 1988-91.
Education and professional career.
Goodwin attended the University of Oregon (B.A. 1947, J.D. 1951). While in college, he served a Captain the United States Army during World War II. After law school, Goodwin worked as an attorney for five years in Eugene, Oregon. He then served in the Oregon state courts, first on the Circuit Court (1955–60), and then on the Supreme Court of Oregon (1960–69). Goodwin was appointed March 18, 1960, by Oregon Governor Mark Hatfield to replace the outgoing Hall S. Lusk, who was then appointed to the United States Senate, a position Hatfield would later be elected to in 1966. Meanwhile Goodwin was then elected to a full six-year term later in 1960 and won re-election in 1966 before resigning from the Oregon Supreme Court December 19, 1969, to take a federal judicial position.
Federal judicial service.
Goodwin was nominated to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Oregon by president Richard Nixon on September 22, 1969, to a seat vacated by John F. Kilkenny. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 10, 1969, and received his commission on December 11, 1969. 
Goodwin was nominated to the Ninth Circuit by Nixon, on November 3, 1971, to a seat vacated once again by John Kilkenny. He was confirmed by the Senate on November 23, 1971, received his commission on November 30, 1971, and served as chief judge from 1988 until he assumed senior status on January 31, 1991. 
Goodwin wrote the majority opinion for the Ninth Circuit in the famous pledge of allegiance case that was then decided by the U.S. Supreme Court as "Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow".

</doc>
<doc id="9714106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714106" title="Robert Forrest Burgess">
Robert Forrest Burgess

Robert Forrest Burgess (born November 30, 1927) is an American author of non-fiction adventure books, as well as sport fishing and scuba diving magazine articles. His photographs illustrate his material.
Life.
Robert F. Burgess was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, on November 30, 1927. He built his first diving gear out of a World War II gas mask, 50 feet of air hose, and an air compressor to explore a Michigan shipwreck in 1944. At the end of World War II, he served as a ski trooper with the 88th Infantry Division named the Blue Devils by the Germans, and took his GI Bill abroad, studying French first at the Berlitz Language School in Trieste, Italy, and later at the University of Neuchâtel, 
Neuchâtel, Switzerland.
During this time he skied the Alps as part of the University's athletic program. Returning to Trieste to sell his German Amphibious Jeep, he and a companion purchased an Italian Lambretta motor scooter and rode it back to Switzerland, crossing the Great St. Gothard Pass and two other major mountain ranges at night. For their summer vacation he and a companion moved to Italy's Island of Capri for three months where they learned to skin dive.
After studying abroad he returned to the U.S. to complete his education, majoring in Journalism at Michigan State University. Then, moving to Florida he wrote and photographed features for every major U.S. outdoor magazine including several abroad.
With his new bride, Burgess returned to Switzerland in 1956. In Milan they purchased an Italian Lambretta motor scooter that winter, riding it 700 miles, across the Rivieras to Spain, where they took a ferry to the Balearic Islands. They wintered on the island of Majorca, where he fished with Majorcan trawler fishermen, gathering material for a novel. That spring they ferried to Valencia and motor scootered across Spain to Madrid, where he and his wife lived for the next 3 years. While there Burgess wrote his first novel and numerous travel articles for periodicals in England, Spain and America.
During that time, on assignment for "Argosy" Magazine, he and a companion crossed the Mediterranean aboard a freighter with the French Foreign Legion, then back-packed through Tunisia to find and climb Hill 609, a fortified German mountain fortress during World War II.
Returning later to the U.S., he served as editor for the "Florida Outdoors Magazine" wrote free-lance features for sport diving and sport fishing magazines throughout the country, and for the last 20 years has contributed articles on these subjects as Editor-At-Large for the "Florida Sportsman Magazine".
Over the years Burgess has written and published over twenty books on such subjects as sharks, shipwrecks, underwater archaeology, treasure diving, cave diving, travel, and Ernest Hemingway (whom he met in Pamplona during that author's last Pamplona fiesta).
In January 1994, Scuba Schools International awarded Robert Burgess their most prestigious award, given only to divers with verified log books who have met or exceeded all their requirements, including at least 5,000 dives, to achieve the elite SSI rating of Platinum Pro 5000 Diver.
Robert F. Burgess lives in north Florida, where he continues to write magazine articles and books.

</doc>
<doc id="9714115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714115" title="Rohn Industries">
Rohn Industries

Rohn Products, LLC, formerly Rohn Industries, Inc. and UNR Industries, Inc., is a leading manufacturer of telecommunications towers, poles, mounts, and other materials. Rohn products include support structures for antennae, private microwave, cellular telephone, personal communications systems, commercial broadcasting and amateur radio, etc. 
Rohn Industries was founded and incorporated in 1918 as UNR Industries, Inc. in an effort to meet demand for, among other things, high quality steel tubing. UNR Industries, Inc. declared bankruptcy in 1982 and was reorganized as Rohn Industries, Inc. In 2003, Rohn Industries, Inc. was acquired by Radian Corporation and in 2008 Rohn Products, LLC became independent again.
History.
A substantial portion of the existing private and commercial telecommunications infrastructure in the United States involves Rohn products. The company holds the number one position in the market for the production of tower structures for wireless communications equipment and broadcasting stations, making Rohn the world's largest communications tower manufacturer. International sales accounted for %15 of Rohn Industries' business in 2001. Their products have been installed in 55 countries.
Rohn is headquartered in Peoria, Illinois and has six manufacturing facilities in Illinois, Alabama, Indiana, Arizona, and Mexico. The Bessemer, Alabama plant is believed to be one of the largest equipment enclosure plants in the world.
During its history, UNR Industries owned steel production and fabricating facility Midwest Steel.

</doc>
<doc id="9714129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714129" title="Russ Walker (rugby league)">
Russ Walker (rugby league)

Russ Walker was a in the Rugby Football League, playing for Barrow, and Hull.
Russ Walker was a tough tackler who combined his career with a job as a mechanic. Retired from rugby, he now works in the petrochemical industry in Barrow.
From 1994 to 1995 Walker was joint team coach of Hull FC with Phil Windley.
Russ Walker played , and scored a try in Hull's 14-4 victory over Widnes in the 1990-91 Rugby League Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on the 12 May 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9714156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714156" title="Mapes">
Mapes

Mapes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714157" title="Anonymous (Bobby Valentino song)">
Anonymous (Bobby Valentino song)

"Anonymous" is the second single from Bobby Valentino's second album, "Special Occasion" The song features and was produced by Timbaland.
Background information.
The song was written by Ezekiel "Zeke" Lewis, Balewa Muhammad, Candice Nelson, and Patrick "J. Que" Smith of the popular songwriting/production team The Clutch. In addition, it shares a drum sample with the Three 6 Mafia song "Stay Fly," originally sampled from an earlier Willie Hutch song titled "Tell Me Why Our Love Turned Cold." The track has an intro reminiscent of Justin Timberlake's "My Love" and also shares similar vocals and lyrics to "Tell Me Why Our Love Turned Cold".
The music video (directed by Bernard Gourley) includes Steph Jones from the Disturbing Tha Peace family and supermodel Amber Rives as Valentino's love interest. However, Timbaland does not appear in the video, while his verse remains. "Anonymous" peaked at No. 49 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
Remixes.
The dance in the video was choreographed and performed by Timothy Fahey and Hiroka Mcrae.

</doc>
<doc id="9714158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714158" title="Diocese of Recanati">
Diocese of Recanati

The Diocese of Recanati was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
It was founded in 1239. It was merged with the Diocese of Loreto to form the Diocese of Recanati-Loreto in either 1591 or 1592. Its name was changed back to the Diocese of Recanti in 1934. 
In 1986 it merged with the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino, the Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli and the Diocese of San Severino to form the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia.
During its early history it often lost and regained its episcopal status due to Papal politics.

</doc>
<doc id="9714162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714162" title="Rohn">
Rohn

Rohn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714165" title="Dependoparvovirus">
Dependoparvovirus

Dependoparvovirus (synonym: Adeno-associated virus group) is a genus of the "Parvoviridae" viruses, which are Group II viruses according to the Baltimore classification. "Dependoparvovirus" is part of the sub family of the "Parvoviridae" family known as the "Parvovirinae". Dependoparvovirus is also known as Adeno-associated virus because dependoparvovirus cannot replicate and form viral capsids in its host cell without the cell being coinfected by a helper virus such as an adenovirus, a herpesvirus, or a vaccinia virus.
There are currently seven recognized species in the genus: "Adeno-associated dependoparvovirus A", "Adeno-associated dependoparvovirus B", "Anseriform dependoparvovirus 1", "Avian dependoparvovirus 1", "Chiropteran dependoparvovirus 1", "Pinniped dependoparvovirus 1", and "Squamate dependoparvovirus 1".
Other viruses include:
Virology.
Dependoviruses have an icosahedral shape, measure 22 nm is composed of 60 wedge shaped proteins triangulation number = 1). Three proteins (VP1, VP2 and VP3) are present in each capsomere. Each capsid is made from 5 VP1, 5 VP2, and 50 VP3 proteins. The capsid does not have an envelope.
The genome is a single molecule of single stranded with a length of 4.7 kilobases. It has only two open reading frames. The 3' open reading frame is the structural capsid protein, cap, which can be spliced to form two RNAs, one for virion protein 1 (VP1) and the other goes on to eventually make VP2 and VP3. The second gene, rep, can be spliced into four different, nonstructural, regulatory proteins that all aid in the genome replication. These proteins are named Rep 78, Rep68, Rep 52, and Rep 40 based on their molecular weight.
Due to inverted, complementary long terminal repeats (LTRs) at each end of the genome, a T shaped secondary structure is formed. The complementary areas leave a 3’ hydroxyl group single stranded for the replication to begin. This 3’ hydroxyl group is used as a primer for the leading strand synthesis. Both positive and negative sense strands of DNA are made. Double stranded intermediates are formed throughout the replication; this means the two strands, positive and negative sense, will be matched up.
Host range.
These viruses are capable of replication within all of the vertebrates. They are only limited by the virus they must infect with, also known as the helper virus. These helper viruses are necessary for the replication of the Dependovirus. A common helper virus in humans is the adenovirus (Not true. Adenovirus is type I dsDNA, while adeno-associated viruses are type II ssDNA) (Citation Needed). There is no known disease in humans associated with Dependovirus (Not true as of 2005).
Gene therapy.
Dependovirus is not a large enough virus to trigger an immune response; this makes it a good virus to use as a gene therapy tool. Gene therapy is a possible treatment for a variety of disorders and diseases that are genetic in origin. Viral vectors are currently being developed to transport genes into human cells. Since this virus does not stimulate an immune response it can be used multiple times effectively without being neutralized before infection. Another reason these viruses are reliable vectors is the known insertion point for the genome. This virus always inserts its contents into the same place on chromosome 19. This predictability can cut down on the chances of inserting into an important area that might disrupt normal gene function or increase the risk of developing cancer.
At this time, one challenge using this virus as a therapy tool is the fact that the genome is fairly small. With less than 5kb in the genome the amount of genetic material that can fit into the capsid is limited. Work is currently being done to increase the amount of information this vector can deliver. This may be accomplished by the LTRs found at both the 5’ and 3’ end of the genome. Since the LTRs have the same sequence they will leave complementary strands exposed if they are removed. The complementary strands can undergo recombination and join two 5kb inserted fragments together.

</doc>
<doc id="9714169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714169" title="American Treaty Shore">
American Treaty Shore

The American Treaty Shore also known as the Anglo-American Convention of 1818 is an identification of the fishing area frequented by American fishing vessels around the coast of Newfoundland.

</doc>
<doc id="9714186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714186" title="Diocese of Recanati and Loreto">
Diocese of Recanati and Loreto

The Diocese of Recanati-Loreto was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
It was founded in either 1591 or 1592 by a merger of the Diocese of Loretto and the Diocese of Recanati. The name was changed to the Diocese of Recanti in 1934. 
In 1986 it merged with the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino, the Diocese of Osimo e Cingoli and the Diocese of San Severino to form the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia.

</doc>
<doc id="9714204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714204" title="Smudge (comics)">
Smudge (comics)

Smudge was a comic strip appearing in the British comic The Beano, drawn by John Geering. The title character described himself as 'the scruffiest boy in town and proud of it', relishing any opportunity to get filthy. His main rival was the snooty Percival Primm. Other characters in the strip included Smudge's Mum and over the years he had two different pets firstly a mouse and an animal of a never revealed although bipedal species (this is something of a running joke in Smudge strips ) completely covered in mud and called Spludge. Smudge made his first appearance in the Beano on 19 April 1980. He appeared regularly from 1980 to 1986, while continuing to make sporadic appearances into the 1990s, with his final appearance in the comic coming in 1999. However, he was only seen twice after 1994.
There was also another character, a girl, of the same name in the 1940s Dandy. The two characters appeared alongside each other for comparison in the Side By Side 60 Years book.

</doc>
<doc id="9714218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714218" title="XML Telemetric and Command Exchange">
XML Telemetric and Command Exchange

XTCE (for XML Telemetric and Command Exchange) is an XML based data exchange format for spacecraft telemetry and command meta-data. Using XTCE the format and content of a space systems command and telemetry links can be readily exchanged between spacecraft operators and manufacturers. XTCE was originally standardized by the OMG. In April 2007 the OMG released revision 1.1 of XTCE as an OMG available specification. Version 1.0 of the XTCE specification is a CCSDS green-book specification and version 1.1 has been adopted as a CCSDS blue-book specification.
Overview.
During the entire ground system development and operation phases of a mission, telemetry and telecommand definitions may be exchanged between multiple systems and organizations. Without a standard format, databases need dedicated converters to convert between the various proprietary database formats and editors. Allowing for a common database exchange format throughout the entire mission lifecycle will significantly reduce the cost of database conversions that occur in many space projects. XTCE has been developed as part of an international cooperation involving the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the Goddard Space Flight Center, the European Space Agency, the United States Air Force and private industry including RT Logic, Harris, SciSys, Boeing and Lockheed Martin. The standards development effort has been coordinated via the Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems and the Object Management Group. The XML Telemetry and Command Exchange standard is now in active use as a means to exchange mission databases improving interoperability while reducing mission readiness costs.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9714222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714222" title="Como los peces">
Como los peces

'Como los peces' is the third studio album of Carlos Varela, released in 1995

</doc>
<doc id="9714232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714232" title="Diocese of Loretto">
Diocese of Loretto

The Diocese of Loreto was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
It was founded in 1586. It was merged with the Diocese of Recanati to form the Diocese of Recanati-Loreto in either 1591 or 1592.

</doc>
<doc id="9714237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714237" title="Charles François d'Angennes, Marquis de Maintenon">
Charles François d'Angennes, Marquis de Maintenon

Charles François d’Angennes, Marquis de Maintenon (December 5, 1648 – before April 2, 1691) was a French nobleman who became a buccaneer in the Caribbean and who sold his castle and title to Madame de Maintenon.
He was the son of Louis d’Angennes de Rochefort de Salvert, Marquis de Maintenon et de Meslay,
and Marie Le Clerc du Tremblay, and as oldest son, he inherited the title of "Marquis de Maintenon".
He chose not to follow in the footsteps of his ancestors and joined the Navy in 1669.
In 1670, Charles d'Angennes sold his title to Françoise d'Aubigné, who later married King Louis XIV of France.
He arrived in the same year in the Caribbean on "La Sybille", of which he took command in 1672 after the death of its captain.
He joined the expedition against Curaçao and attacked British ships near Saint-Domingue. He returned to France in 1673 but sailed again to the Caribbean in 1674.
In October 1675 he left Nantes as commander of the "Fontaine d'Or", (24 cannons).<br> 
End 1676, he gathered a fleet of 10 ships with 800 buccaneers and attacked Isla Margarita and Cumaná.
He became Governor of the island of Marie-Galante (1679–1686).<br>
In 1681 he obtained the monopoly of the trade between Venezuela and France and hunted down his former buccaneer allies on the French Navy ship "La Sorcière".<br> 
After 1686 he lived in Martinique with his family where he died in 1691.
He married Catherine Girauld de Poincy and had 4 children.

</doc>
<doc id="9714241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714241" title="Gross Production Average">
Gross Production Average

Gross Production Average or GPA is a baseball statistic created in 2003 by Aaron Gleeman, as a refinement of On-Base Plus Slugging (OPS). GPA attempts to solve two frequently cited problems with OPS. First, OPS gives equal weight to its two components, On Base Percentage (OBP) and Slugging Percentage (SLG). In fact, OBP contributes significantly more to scoring runs than SLG does. Sabermetricians have calculated that OBP is about 80% more valuable than SLG. A second problem with OPS is that it generates numbers on a scale unfamiliar to most baseball fans. For all the problems with a traditional stat like batting average (AVG), baseball fans immediately know that a player batting .365 is significantly better than average, while a player batting .167 is significantly below average. But many fans don't immediately know how good a player with a 1.013 OPS is. 
The basic formula for GPA is: <math>\frac

</doc>
<doc id="9714246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714246" title="Lee Jackson (rugby league)">
Lee Jackson (rugby league)

Lee Jackson is an English former rugby league footballer of the 1980s, '90s and 2000s. He was a for the Great Britain team, England, Hull (twice), Sheffield, South Sydney Rabbitohs, Newcastle Knights, Leeds, and York. 
Hull-born Jackson was arguably the most talented British hooker of his generation. He featured on the 1990 Lions tour and played in Hull's 14-4 victory over Widnes in the 1990-91 Rugby League Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on 12 May 1991. before joining Sheffield. He was selected to go on the 1992 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand.
Lee Jackson scored the fastest ever try in either code of rugby, after 9-seconds by for Hull in the Yorkshire Cup semi-final against the Sheffield Eagles at the Don Valley Stadium in 1992, this world record still stands today.
In 1993, Sheffield Eagles paid Hull a fee of £83,000 for Lee Jackson (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £150,000 in 2009), this makes him the most expensive hooker in the history of rugby league.
Jackson was selected to play for England in the 1995 World Cup final at hooker but Australia won the match and retained the Cup.
He later joined the Newcastle Knights, helping them to Grand Final success in 1997. He returned to Britain and had spells with Leeds, Hull, and York before retiring. He is now a taxi driver working in Hull.

</doc>
<doc id="9714248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714248" title="Donev">
Donev

Donev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714249" title="Tomentose">
Tomentose

Tomentose are plant hairs that are flattened and matted. The Latin word meaning 'cushion stuffing,' tomentum, is used to describe a woolly coating formed by the 'tomentose' hairs.
Often the hairs are silver or gray-colored. Where the tomentum is minute or only slight, the coating is described as 'tomentulose'. 
Plant species that have this type of structure and visual quality can have 'tomentose' as a prefix in their botanical name. 

</doc>
<doc id="9714255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714255" title="The Hydrofoil Mystery">
The Hydrofoil Mystery

The Hydrofoil Mystery was written in 2003 by Canadian author Eric Walters. It is about a teenage boy named Billy McCracken whose mother arranges for him to go away for the summer to work with none other than the well-known inventor of the telephone, Alexander Graham Bell. Billy expects his summer to be boring, but with the German U-boats endangering the maritime coast, his work with Bell's hydrofoil becomes an adventure.
This book is often chosen by teachers in Ontario, Canada as part of the ESL, Level C curriculum. The book is set during the first World War and although it is a work of fiction, it serves as a launching pad for discussions about Canada's involvement in the war and the contributions of Canada's leading scientist, Alexander Graham Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="9714269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714269" title="Juan Carlos Arce">
Juan Carlos Arce

Juan Carlos Arce Justiniano (born 10 April 1985 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian professional footballer who plays for Club Bolívar.
Club career.
Arce started his career with the "Academia Tahuichi", Bolivia's famous youth academy. In 2003 he signed for first division club Oriente Petrolero. During 2006 he went on a loan to Portuguesa, but returned to Oriente soon after to complete the 2006 season. In January 2007 he was loaned to popular Brazilian club Corinthians. Despite having a good season with the "Timão", Arce couldn't help the team avoid relegation, and with the arrival of a new manager he was removed from the squad. He played in 18 league games for Corinthians scoring two goals. Arce also scored two more goals playing in Copa do Brasil.
His next destination was Qatar, where he played for Al-Arabi until mid-2008. Then, he joined Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma from the K-League, but left the club after only a few games. In January 2009, he returned to Bolivia for his third spell with Oriente. In July he was loaned to Sport Recife for a six-month period with an option to acquire his rights. Terek Grozny signed the Bolivian attacking midfielder from Oriente Petrolero on a three-year deal. He was released by Terek after one season and returned to Oriente Petrolero.
Position.
He plays as a striker, more preferably in the winger position.
International career.
Since his debut in 2004, Arce has capped in 23 games for Bolivia. He was a member of the squad that competed in Copa América 2007 where he scored a goal against Venezuela. Arce also participated in Copa América 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9714270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714270" title="Red King (DC Comics)">
Red King (DC Comics)

The Red King is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics. He first appeared in "JLA Secret Files 2004" # 1 (November 2004), and was created by Dan Slott and Dan Jurgens.
Publication history.
The Red King's first historical appearance was in JLA Secret Files 2004 #1 (November 2004), set up to tie into an arc in the main JLA book. But the 4th Parallel arc in which he is introduced was shelved for three years until JLA Classified #32-36 which were published bi-weekly in January, February and March 2007.
Fictional character biography.
Darrin Profitt just happened to be one of six billion innocent bystanders in the "dreamscape" during a battle between the Justice League and Doctor Destiny. After the defeat of Doctor Destiny on the dreamplane, the Materioptikon gem on his chest sucks him inside and falls at the feet of Darrin Profitt's dreamself. Doctor Destiny's physical body is rendered catatonic and the Justice League wake up, the Martian Manhunter turns Destiny's body over to the custody of Arkham Asylum. Darrin Profitt discovers that the gem is in his possession, and is accidentally sucked inside the artifact where he meets Doctor Destiny's trapped consciousness.
According to Doctor Destiny, the Materioptikon has the ability to reshape reality, but it is flawed, anyone who enters the gem automatically generates multiple physical copies from multiple possible universes, splitting that person up among these universes. Also according to Doctor Destiny space and time was never meant to do this, using the gem in this fashion threatens the spacetime continuum. Destiny created special tools that re-integrate his own multiples and those of anyone else who enters the gem. In order to return to the real world without damaging reality, and generating any more dangerous alternate universes, Destiny stated that he had to repair all six billion flaws in the gem. Every time he repaired a flaw, he destroyed one of many possible universes and in all of them his body remained catatonic and dreaming in Arkham Asylum. Profitt overpowers Destiny and traps him in a facet of the gem, he then creates a few duplicates of himself using Doctor Destiny's tools and sends them out to place a bet at the race track and then invest that money in stocks, both the winners and losers return to the gem and report their results, he then uses the favorable results in his own reality. According to Doctor Destiny he endangered all of reality, all of Space and Time so that he could win a bet at the track.
Darrin uses the parallels to create favorable outcomes one by sending his duplicates into a Parallel to test for a specific outcome, if they failed he deletes that Parallel, if they succeed he uses their solution. Darrin used the billions he'd made from manipulating the stock market via the Parallels to become a billionaire philanthropist and playboy.
Becoming the King.
Due to boredom and in answer to a challenge posed by Doctor Destiny, he used the Parallels to acquire technology capable of defeating the Justice League and conquering the world. Under the guise of altruism his alternates prompt the scientists of their worlds to develop protocols for jamming JLA teleporters in case the Justice League Watchtower is compromised, telepathic shields, satellites for tracking metahumans, cutting edge weapons and armor to take down H.I.V.E. cells, strategies for defeating alien invaders, renegade Green Lanterns, rampaging Bizarros, and rogue speedsters, countermeasures against Themysciran magic in the event of an Amazon Attack, plans to construct and defuse theoretical Doomsday devices, and ways to isolate reproduce and implant the metagene in ordinary humans. The parallel Red Kings share their knowledge and in the end the Darrin Profitts of the three final realities of the Materioptikon don their liquid metal Red King armor and set out to conquer their realities. According to Profitt his three-to-one chances for success are very good odds. Profitt secretly kept a fourth Parallel hidden from Doctor Destiny in the event that the three Red Kings failed, this fourth Parallel's Profitt wore a different costume and called himself Fallback. This Profitt had a world in which he never changed anything from his life, and lived in the same state as he was before Doctor Destiny's battle, serving as a "reset switch" that would allow Profitt to go back to his beginnings if something failed. He was executed by another Red King, who had no interest in becoming a loser again.
Third Parallel.
In the Third Parallel the Red King (3) uses one of his uncounted metahuman abilities to direct a swarm of meteors towards Earth. The unexpected kinetic bombardment wipes Keystone City and Central City off the map, killing the entire population of both cities along with Batman and Plastic Man. The Red King (3) injects Superman with a newly created "Bizarro virus" that rapidly mutates him taking away his intellect. He then taps into the JLA Satellite's teleporter and scatters the League around the planet. He hits Wally West with a beam that takes away his protective aura, so that the very act of running damages him faster than his Healing Factor can keep up with. He then beheads Wonder Woman, crushes the Flash's chest, and smashes John Stewart. He then defeats an assembly of responding heroes including the Justice Society of America, Booster Gold and Doctor Fate, all of whom he refers to as "a collection of second stringers, benchwarmers and amateurs". He heads to Metropolis and calls out Superman, who can no longer think clearly due to the Bizarro virus. He is then blindsided by Batman, Flash, Green Lantern, and Wonder Woman in an attack co-ordinated by the Martian Manhunter who had faked their deaths, and assisted by Superman. Impatient and angry the Red King (3) releases a massive blast wave which vaporizes all the remaining League members leaving only the Batman who was apparently the Martian Manhunter masquerading as the dead hero. The Red King (3) incinerates the Martian Manhunter, and then sits in the ruins of Metropolis until nightfall. According to his assistant his blast wave destroyed every city on the planet and no one will ever trust him. The Red King (3) abandons that reality and then erases it from the Materioptikon.
Second Parallel.
In the Second Parallel, the Red King (2) projects a hologram above the city of Metropolis demanding the unconditional surrender of all Earth's governments or else he will trigger a Doomsday device and destroy the planet. During the middle of his speech the device prematurely activates apparently killing him, and the hologram disappears. Superman and the League discover that they have ninety-eight hours to evacuate the Earth. Superman, Green Lantern, the Martian Manhunter and Wonder Woman use their powers and advanced Kryptonian technology to terraform Mars. The Martian Manhunter links Wonder Woman's mind to that of everyone on Earth so she can tell them of the coming evacuation. Superman puts every criminal on Earth into the Phantom Zone. The Flash (Wally West) and Plastic Man collect samples of every plant on Earth. Aquaman and John Stewart move most of Earth's oceans and sea life to the newly terraformed Mars. Wonder Woman talks earth's animals into peacefully co-existing on an alien "Interstellar Ark" until they get to Mars. Superman and Ray Palmer use White Dwarf Star Matter to shrink fifty-eight of Earth's most important cities and place them in bottles like Kandor, including Metropolis but not Central City or Keystone City. A fleet of alien ships summoned by the Green Lantern Corps help evacuate the planet but not everyone makes it off, Batman apparently dies as the planet explodes while confronting the Red King (2) near the center of the Earth, just before he dies Profitt apologizes for his mistake. Back on Mars, Batman returns alive with Profitt and his main accomplice; he then informs the League of what they need to do in order to stop the other Red Kings and do it before one of the other Red Kings erase their reality.
First Parallel.
This attempt to take over a Parallel by the Red King (1) begins well, the plan being to be asked and allowed to rule the world rather than to take it by force. This version helps the JLA defeat a newly empowered version of the Royal Flush Gang on two separate occasions, after the second battle he is invited to become a member by Superman. Red King (1) begins to have a light romantic relationship with Wonder Woman that blooms once she learns he is Profitt (which in this Parallel was solving world hunger and had already known her for sometime). When Superman expressed some concern that Red King (1) possessed too much power for any one person, Green Lantern (John Stewart), stated that Red King (1) 
“probably wouldn’t even bother” 
working with the League if it wasn’t for Wonder Woman. The Martian Manhunter stated that he couldn’t read his mind, but Red King (1) genuinely seemed to care for Wonder Woman and she trusted him, so they decided they should trust him as well. This Parallel's League soon learned of the truth behind the Red King (1) when Batman learned the comatose Doctor Destiny had been repeating his name over and over; Dee then awakened and told him the truth about the Parallels, and ultimately the JLA attacked Profitt. Red King (1) defended himself but made an effort to solve the situation without violence, (asking them to surrender) but just then the third Parallel’s Red King (3) arrived and demanded to merge Red King (1). Red King (1) refused saying that he had changed his mind, but the other Red King (3) forced the merge regardless.
Downfall.
Though he had stayed clear of the core reality, the Justice League indigenous to the Second Parallel realize its existence, the truth about their own being nothing but a facet in the Materioptikon, and the fact that the Second Parallel had to be destroyed to protect the core reality. However, to counter this, the Second Parallel Justice League retrieved their own Materioptikon from their reality's defeated Red King; using the power of the stone, they sent their reality's Plastic Man over to other reality to communicate with their selves in there to do battle with that reality's Red King. This Plastic Man ended in the First Parallel after releasing Doctor Destiny in the hub world of the Materioptikon, where he posed as a bomb similar to the one which destroyed the Earth in the Second Parallel. The Red King (3) was cornered into the JLA's base in the moon, where he was duped into believing the bomb would kill him if he could not defeat the entire Justice League in under a minute, with time to get away clear of the blast. With the Martian Manhunter manipulating his emotions, he had no escape, and was tricked by the First Parallel's League into a vortex to the core reality generated by the First Parallel's Materioptikon. That reality's Wonder Woman crushed the stone, destroying the link between the final Parallel and the Materioptikon and sealing Profitt within the core reality's Materioptikon, where Destiny's dreamself, free to roam to his leisure, prepares to torture the Red King with his now omnipotent powers, having sealed all of the gem's flaws and completing it as the true Materioptikon.

</doc>
<doc id="9714274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714274" title="Cologne Fine Art Award">
Cologne Fine Art Award

The Cologne Fine Art Award (German: Cologne-Fine-Art-Preis) is awarded annually as part of
the art exposition ART Cologne. It is awarded by the Cologne Trade Fair Company (Kölner Messegesellschaft Köln Messe) and the Federal Association of German Art Publishers (Bundesverband Deutscher Kunstverleger e. V) . Eligible are reproducible works, such as art printing or photography. 
The prize consists of 10.000 euros and a special exposition within the ART Cologne.
Sources.
Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung : German
Köln Messe : German

</doc>
<doc id="9714277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714277" title="Evelina Samuelsson">
Evelina Samuelsson

Evelina Samuelsson (born 14 March 1984 in Stockholm) is an ice hockey player from Sweden. She won a bronze medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9714298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714298" title="Bussy-Saint-Martin">
Bussy-Saint-Martin

Bussy-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Bucéens".

</doc>
<doc id="9714305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714305" title="Des Moines Rapids">
Des Moines Rapids

The Des Moines Rapids between Nauvoo, Illinois and Keokuk, Iowa-Hamilton, Illinois is one of two major rapids on the Mississippi River that limited Steamboat traffic on the river through the early 19th century.
The rapids just above the confluence of the Des Moines River were to contribute to the Honey War in the 1830s between Missouri and Iowa over the Sullivan Line that separates the two states.
Various attempts to make the river navigable started in 1837 when a channel was blasted through the rapids by U.S. Army Corps of Engineers team led by Robert E. Lee. A canal around the rapids was built in 1877. It is now obliterated by Lock and Dam No. 19.
The other major rapids barring traffic on the Mississippi is the Rock Island Rapids.
The Mississippi in its natural state widens from to in width at Nauvoo as it drops over over shallow limestone rocks to the confluence with Des Moines.
According to records its mean depth through the rapids was and "much less" in many places. 
Beginning in 1804 United States government-sponsored trading posts for Native Americans as part of the Native American factory system began being built at the rapids. Forts were associated with the trading posts including Fort Johnson, Fort Madison. The forts were burned during the War of 1812. After the war Fort Edward was established and commanded by Jefferson Davis.
In 1816 U.S. Government surveyor John C. Sullivan surveyed a line stretching north from the confluence of the Kansas River with the Missouri River in Kansas City, Missouri and then back east to the Des Moines River. The distance matched the rapids but when Missouri entered the Union in 1820 its constitution instead referred to the Sullivan line as "the parallel of latitude which passes through the rapids of the River Des Moines."
Missouri did not attempt to clarify the mistake even when the Iowa (tribe), Sauk and Fox (tribe) ceded all land "in Missouri" along the line from the Mississippi to the Indian Territory Line (Sullivan's line going north from the Kansas) in 1824. This created the Half-Breed Tract.
When interest in the rapids increased in the late 1830s as work began on making the rapids navigable, along with Iowa's beginning the process of entering as a state, Missouri took an interest in asserting control of the west side of the rapids. However, thwarted by its constitution which clearly stated the Des Moines River was the border, it instead asserted that there were no rapids where the Sullivan line crossed the Des Moines and conducted a new survey which said the rapids of the Des Moines were about north, near Keosauqua, Iowa, and attempted to collect taxes in the area. This prompted the bloodless Honey War, with Iowa resisting the effort.
The Supreme Court was to ultimately decide in "State of Missouri v. State of Iowa", 48 U.S. 660 (1849), that Iowa's southern boundary was the foot of the rapids at modern day Keokuk (although accepting the Sullivan Line for the rest of the border from about west).

</doc>
<doc id="9714306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714306" title="Tune Money">
Tune Money

Tune Money is Asia's first "no-frills" online financial service previously wholly owned by Tune Group Sdn. Bhd. Its founder is Dato' Tony Fernandes, the founder of the low cost airline in Malaysia, AirAsia. Its major shareholders are Tune Ventures (44.83%), CIMB Structured Investments (25%) and Tengku Zafrul Aziz (10%), who is also its Chief Executive Officer.
Products.
Tune Money currently offers two main product lines; prepaid Visa Cards and Insurance. 
Tune Money's current prepaid Visa cards are:
Tune Money also offers insurance via its insurance and takaful division, Tune Insurance. The current Tune Insurance products are:

</doc>
<doc id="9714310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714310" title="Buthiers, Seine-et-Marne">
Buthiers, Seine-et-Marne

Buthiers is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Butherais".

</doc>
<doc id="9714325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714325" title="Buthiers">
Buthiers

Buthiers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714327" title="Tight loop">
Tight loop


</doc>
<doc id="9714332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714332" title="Paul Eastwood">
Paul Eastwood

Paul B. Eastwood was a goalkicking who played for Great Britain and Hull and Hull Kingston Rovers. Eastwood won the first of his 13 Lions caps against Papua New Guinea in 1990. He set up the second try for Russ Walker as Hull won the 1991 Premiership final against Widnes at Old Trafford. Eastwood was selected to go on the 1992 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand. He finished his career with local rivals Hull Kingston Rovers and, as of 2007, worked as the manager of a plumbing and heating company BSS in Manchester.
Eastwood's Testimonial match at Hull took place in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9714335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714335" title="Anthony King (professor)">
Anthony King (professor)

Anthony Stephen King FBA (born 17 November 1934) is a Canadian-born British professor of government in the United Kingdom at Essex University, psephologist and commentator.
King gained a B.A. in History and Economics at Queen's University, Ontario, before he came to the UK as a Rhodes Scholar to study Philosophy, Politics and Economics at the University of Oxford, after which he gained a Ph. D. with thesis titled "Some aspects of the history of the Liberal Party in Britain, 1906–1914". He initially taught at Magdalen College, Oxford, before transferring to Essex. Since 1969, he has been Professor of Government at Essex.
He regularly appears on election results and their implications. On a monthly basis, he analyses political opinion polls on voting intentions for "The Daily Telegraph". He has also written many books on politics and was co-editor of the "Britain at the Polls" series of essays and, in 2008, "The British Constitution".
King is co-author with David Butler of two Nuffield College election studies (those for 1964 and 1966) and author of "Britain Says Yes: the 1975 Referendum on the Common Market" and" Running Scared: Why America’s Politicians Campaign Too Much and Govern Too Little". He is also co-author with Ivor Crewe of "SDP: The Birth, Life and Death of the Social Democratic Party" and "The Blunders of our Governments". He has edited "The New American Political System", "New Labour Triumphs: Britain at the Polls 1997", "Britain at the Polls 2001" and "Britain at the Polls 2005".
Anthony King is former member of the Committee on Standards in Public Life and the Royal Commission on the Reform of the House of Lords (the Wakeham Commission). In 2010, he was elected as a Fellow of the British Academy. He also serves as an associate at the Institute for Government, a non-partisan charity that aims to improve the effectiveness of central Government in the UK. His current research includes: the changing British constitution; the British prime ministership; American politics and government and the history of democracy.
King teaches the course "GV100 – Introduction to Politics" at the University of Essex. He has also taught at Princeton and the University of Wisconsin–Madison, in the United States.
King is also a member of the Academia Europaea, a foreign honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and an honorary life Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="9714341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714341" title="Z.P.G.">
Z.P.G.

Z.P.G. (short for "Zero Population Growth") is a 1972 British dystopian science fiction film starring Oliver Reed and Geraldine Chaplin and directed by Michael Campus. It is inspired by the non-fiction best-selling book "The Population Bomb" by Paul R. Ehrlich. The film concerns an overpopulated, very polluted future Earth, whose world government executes those who violate a 30-year ban on having children. A British production filmed in Denmark, the film is almost entirely set-bound featuring art direction designed to reflect a bleak, oppressive future.
Plot.
Set in the future, the Earth has become severely polluted (people need to wear breathing masks when outside) with severe overpopulation affecting available resources. because of the permanent thick smog that has settled over the dismal urban areas that now cover the Earth’s entire surface, all animals – even common household pets are extinct; people eat tasteless bright-colored paste out of plastic containers. To reduce the world's population the world government decrees that no children may be conceived for the next 30 years. Breaking this law will result in a death penalty for both the parents as well as the newborn. Brainwashing and robot substitutes are used to quell the yearning for children with the death penalty as the ultimate deterrent, by being placed under a plastic dome and suffocated to death. Couples of child-bearing age visit "Babyland" and are given life-size animatronic children instead.
Russ (Oliver Reed) and Carol McNeil (Geraldine Chaplin) work in a museum recreating life in the 20th century. Carol, desperate for a child, avoids the abortion machine installed in their bathroom to remain pregnant. After the child's birth, the couple must shield the baby from being discovered. Once Carol decides to break the law and have a baby, they must not only avoid the prying eyes of the Big Brother-like government, but also the growing jealously of their own friends, whose initial offer to help conceal the baby leads quickly to trouble. Neighbors finding a couple with a "real" child will go into the streets screaming "baby baby," until authorities show up.
When neighbours George (Don Gordon) and Edna Borden (Diane Cilento) find out about the baby, they blackmail the McNeil's to help raise it. The plot turns to one of jealousy and envy as their neighbors and co-workers, Carol (Diane Cilento) and George (Don Gordon), learn about the baby and want to share it as if it is a new car. The NcNeils and the Bordens begin to fight over the baby. The Bordens then seek to keep the child for themselves. Finally the NcNeil couple are captured under one of the states execution domes, but the couple, along the baby manage to escape by digging into the underground, making their way through darken tunnels in a raft to remote island where the pollution isn't so bad.
Novelization.
The film was made from an original screenplay by Frank De Felitta and Max Ehrlich, inspired by Paul Ehrlich's "The Population Bomb." A year prior to the film's release, Max Ehrlich published the science fiction novel, "The Edict", based on the screenplay. 
In the novel, the earth's resources have been strained to the limit, and in many parts of the world cannibalism and food riots are commonplace. Seeking a solution to this crisis, the leaders of WorldGov meet in emergency session. Their computers spin through billions of facts, and the reports are more than disquieting - they are chilling. Further growth of the population is unthinkable, and the leaders finally settle on the only possible solution, which is soon announced by the World Gov satellite:
To give the world some semblance of normalcy, realistic mechanical babies are devised to pacify the maternal instincts of 10 billion women. But to Carole Evans, the very idea of accepting one of the robot infants is abhorrent. She wants and needs a real child, and this slowly becomes an obsession.
Special effects.
Derek Meddings created the life-size, realistic animated children for the film.
Awards.
Geraldine Chaplin won a Best Actress Sitges Film Festival Award for her performance.

</doc>
<doc id="9714366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714366" title="Carlos Varela en vivo">
Carlos Varela en vivo

'Monedas al aire' is the first live album of Carlos Varela, released in 1993

</doc>
<doc id="9714369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714369" title="Daniel Zamir">
Daniel Zamir

Daniel Zamir (born 1980 in Petah Tikva) is an Israeli religious Jewish saxophonist and singer. Having started on alto saxophone, Zamir is mainly known for his soprano playing.
Background.
Zamir was born to a secular family and started playing the saxophone at the age of twelve. He is a graduate of Thelma Yellin high school of arts in Israel. After he finished his studies he was discharged from the Israel Defense Forces due to his low weight and left for New York, where he began showing interest in Jewish, Hasidic and East European music. He completed his studies at New School in 2002. In 2008 Zamir married Hanni Schroeder.
With John Zorn.
In New York he was discovered by the Jewish composer-saxophonist John Zorn, who signed him to a contract in his recording label "Tzadik".
Under the "Tzadik" label, Zamir recorded three albums with his band, Satlah, with Zorn as a sideman. They recorded two studio albums called "Children of Israel" and "Satlah", as well as a live performance called "Exodus". "Satlah" and "Exodus" contain original materials written by Zamir himself, while "Children of Israel" contains original jazz variations of known traditional Israeli and Jewish compositions. In all three albums, Zamir performs as soloist together with a rhythm section, which includes bass and drums, accompanied by an ensemble of brass instruments.
In Israel.
While staying in New York, Zamir got closer to the Jewish religion and finally decided to go back to live in Israel. In 2006 he recorded his fourth album, "Amen", under the Israeli label "Hatav Hashmini", with Omer Avital on bass, Daniel Friedman on drums and Omri Mor on piano. Avishai Cohen plays trumpet on one of the tracks.
In 2009, Zamir released a second album on the "Hatav Hashmini" label titled "Echad" (One).
Music Festivals.
In September 2009, Zamir participated in the Israel Music Celebration Festival in Be'er Sheva which featured dozens of different artists from a wide variety of musical backgrounds. In April 2013, Zamir was one of the musicians who represented Israeli Jazz at Jazzahead, the annual European Jazz Fair at Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="9714386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714386" title="Suzaku Kururugi">
Suzaku Kururugi

Character outline.
Suzaku Kururugi, born on July 10, 2000 a.t.b. (1945 A.D.), is the son of Japan's last prime minister, Genbu Kururugi. His existence was kept a secret from the public until after the war. Suzaku met Lelouch vi Britannia and his sister Nunnally vi Britannia when they moved to the Kururugi residence as a diplomatic peace trade. At first, Suzaku despised Lelouch because he thought that he was a prince who didn't care about anyone. As time passed by, however, he came to know Lelouch better, and they soon became best friends. They become separated when Britannia invaded Japan, but are reunited in the Shinjuku Ghetto.
When Britannia began its invasion of Japan, Suzaku was mortified by the violence and his father's belief that resisting to the bitter end was preferable to surrender. Unable to change his father's mind, Suzaku murdered him during a heated exchange. The incident was covered up and Suzaku's life was spared, while the government was thrown into disarray and surrendered to Britannia. Lelouch believes that, had Genbu lived, Japan would have likely been torn apart by war once the other major powers decided to intervene. His guilt over the incident causes Suzaku to constantly place himself on the frontlines in the hope of atoning for his actions with his death. It also inspires his belief that the ends achieved by using the wrong means are meaningless, since he created peace through murder. However, after firing the F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead, under the command of Lelouch's Geass, he abandons this belief and decides to achieve his goals regardless of the means. This causes him to finally join Lelouch.
Character history.
First season.
Suzaku is introduced in the first episode of the series as an Honorary Britannian soldier. While searching the Shinjuku ghetto for poison gas stolen by resistance members, he finds Lelouch standing next to it. He refuses to carry out an order to kill Lelouch, and is shot by his superior officer for his insubordination. However, the bullet is stopped by a broken pocket watch belonging to his deceased father.
While recovering from his injuries at the command center, Suzaku is approached by Lloyd Asplund and offered a chance to pilot the experimental Knightmare Frame Lancelot, since the pilot that Lloyd had originally been looking for was already on the front lines. The Lancelot's advanced systems combined with his unprecedented piloting skill allow him to almost single-handedly dismantle Lelouch's plan to rout the massacre of Shinjuku ghetto, but he finds himself under arrest afterward for the murder of Prince Clovis; though Lelouch was in fact responsible for this, the military used him as a scapegoat since they had no suspect, citing his Japanese heritage as motive in spite of his Honorary Britannian status.
Lelouch rescues Suzaku from his impending execution by assuming the identity of Zero and taking credit for Clovis' murder, forcing the military to acquit Suzaku due to lack of evidence. He asks Suzaku to join his cause, but Suzaku refuses. While he agrees with Zero on the latter's assertion that the Britannian Empire is corrupt and not worth serving, he wants to change and improve the Empire from within, to show that his father's death was not in vain.
From this point on, Suzaku remains the pilot of the Lancelot. He is reunited with Lelouch and Nunnally after enrolling into Ashford Academy at Euphemia's suggestion. His rank within the military is initially Private, but he is promoted to Warrant Officer by Cornelia li Britannia when she first arrives in Japan. He is appointed as Euphemia's personal Knight, granting him the rank of Major, after a televised battle with the Black Knights makes his occupation public knowledge. This ruins Lelouch's plan to have Suzaku protect Nunnally once his role as Zero took him away from Area 11. During the battle on Shikinejima Island, in which Suzaku is ordered to sacrifice himself to kill Zero, Lelouch is forced to use the power of Geass on Suzaku in order to escape destruction, and commands him to "live," forcing him to survive by any means from then on.
Suzaku falls in love with Euphemia, and thus is emotionally crushed by her murder at Zero's hands. He is visited by V.V., who explains Zero's power of Geass to him, which drives him to find and kill Zero at all costs. He follows Lelouch to Kaminejima and confirms his identity. Lelouch tries to offer Suzaku a truce in order to rescue Nunnally, but Suzaku is too swept up in his grief to care. Enraged, Suzaku insists that Lelouch's very existence is a mistake, one he intends to correct. Lelouch draws his pistol and both men attempt to shoot one another, at which point the screen fades to black and the season ends with a gunshot.
Second season (R2).
In the second season, Suzaku receives a promotion into the Knights of the Round, the most powerful order of warriors in the Britannian Empire, as a reward for capturing Zero. He intends to become the Knight of One, which will allow him to rule Area 11 by his choosing. He still holds his desire to kill Zero. However, he seems to still have some faith in Lelouch, and looks forward for a chance to clear his doubts about his friend by asking him about the incident with Euphemia.
Suzaku and the other Knights of the Round watch as Zero announces that he will continue his plans to create the United States of Japan. Suzaku returns to Area 11 as a student in Ashford Academy to discover if Lelouch has regained his memories of being Zero. Unable to find any sort of sign, Suzaku lets Lelouch speak to the new Viceroy of Area 11, Nunnally, which also ends in failure thanks to Rolo Lamperouge using his Geass to freeze Suzaku temporarily. When Lelouch attempts to kidnap Nunnally as she is being brought to Area 11, Suzaku steps in to rescue her.
Zero later unexpectedly announces that he will accept Nunnally's offer in exchange for exile; this is revealed to be a clever ruse when Zero has all one million Elevens participating dress exactly like him, leaving Suzaku no choice but to exile the entire group to prevent another massacre.
Suzaku is deployed to the Chinese Federation's capital, where the First Prince of Britannia and the Empress Tianzi are to be wed; however, Zero kidnaps the Empress during the ceremony. Britannian aid is requested in recovering the Empress, and Suzaku personally has Kallen Stadtfeld transferred into Britannian custody before heading into the battle.
In the aftermath of Shirley's death, Suzaku investigates Shirley's supposed suicide and comes to the conclusion that Lelouch murdered her. He decides to question Kallen about Zero's true identity, threatening to use Refrain if she does not cooperate. In the end, Suzaku does not use the Refrain, realizing that by doing so he would be no better than Lelouch. Frustrated, he goes to confront Lelouch personally and discovers that the Intelligence Agency is under the effect of Geass, confirming that Lelouch has regained his memories.
After the creation of the United Federation of Nations is cut short by the Emperor's appearance, Suzaku is contacted by a desperate Lelouch, who asks him to protect Nunnally from the Emperor. Suzaku agrees to his request, but only if Lelouch meets him alone at the Kururugi shrine. The meeting goes well at first and Suzaku decides to help him if Lelouch ends his war, but Schneizel's unexpected attempt to arrest Lelouch makes him believe Suzaku went back on his word. During the second battle of Tokyo, Suzaku is attacked by Jeremiah Gottwald and Guilford under the influence of Lelouch's Geass. Though both are drawn away from Suzaku, he is forced to battle Kallen in her improved Guren. Driven to the edge, Suzaku realizes he cannot win and comes to terms with his death as an atonement. In doing so, Suzaku's Geass command activates and forces him to use the F.L.E.I.J.A. bomb. Kallen dodges and the bomb instead hits the government complex, wiping out the entire government building and most of the surrounding area.
Realizing that he has been naive, Suzaku decides that the ends are more important than the means used to reach them and takes a more active approach to becoming Knight of One, offering to kill the Emperor for Schneizel. Schneizel agrees and Suzaku heads to Kamine Island to complete his mission, as well as kill the one responsible for the chain of events leading to Lelouch's actions and Euphemia's death. However, Suzaku is derailed by the Knight of One, Bismarck Waldstein, eventually submitting to his Geass and falling back. He later enters the Sword of Akasha with C.C. and agrees with Lelouch that the wishes of Charles and Marianne are selfish, even stopping Marianne from approaching Lelouch. One month later, he assists Lelouch in taking the throne, becoming his "Knight of Zero."
When the surviving Knights of the Round attempt to remove Lelouch from power, Suzaku easily defeats them with his new Lancelot Albion. He also assists in taking the U.F.N. leaders hostage. During the battle against Schneizel and the Black Knights, he joins Lelouch in boarding the "Damocles", holding Gino off while Lelouch goes ahead. Suzaku comes out victorious, but Gino's last attack opens the shields and allows Kallen to take over. Kallen manages to land a fatal blow on the Lancelot while his last attack disables her Knightmare. The Lancelot explodes shortly after Kallen is rescued by Gino. Despite being nearly defeated in the duel itself, Suzaku is the one to attain the goal of the fight: to prevent Kallen from going after Lelouch, thus winning him the final victory and keeping the Zero Requiem on track.
Suzaku is believed dead in the blast, but reappears before the world as the new Zero to kill Lelouch, now the despised tyrannical Emperor of the world, as part of their plan for world peace. With the Zero Requiem complete, Suzaku weeps silently as he impales Lelouch and watches him die. Lelouch gives Suzaku his final order. As punishment for all he's done, Lelouch tells Suzaku that he is dead from that day on and must continue to exist as Zero, relinquishing his identity and the right to happiness for the sake of the world so long as he lives, an order Suzaku accepts. Afterwards Suzaku becomes Nunnally's protector in the following months, aided by Schneizel, who is still under a Geass command to obey Zero.
Abilities.
While Suzaku possesses no outwardly superhuman powers, such as Geass, his physical prowess is top-notch. He possesses superior hand-eye coordination and has extensive military training in both firearms and hand-to-hand combat. He is also strong enough to lift both Lelouch and Shirley on his own with one arm. Before Britannia's invasion of Japan, Suzaku was trained by his instructor, Kyoshiro Tohdoh, in martial arts, and has spent most of his time training to become stronger. He is also skilled in the art of kendo. His trademark is a spinning kick first used on Lelouch in the first episode, which he is able to replicate in his Knightmare. His sensorial perception is likewise above normal: he is able to detect Kallen trying to sneak up on him twice and stops a dagger in mid-air without even turning to face it.
Suzaku's physical prowess has been shown to be almost superhuman. In episode 16, he manages to destroy a ceiling-mounted remote machine gun while unarmed by running up a wall and kicking it (the gun's motion tracker was said to have a lag time of 0.05 seconds). He has also dodged machine-gun fire from Knightmares on multiple occasions. In the light novels, he is depicted at ten years of age as being able to defeat several adult men with a wooden training sword used in kendo.
Suzaku is an extremely skilled pilot, rated at 94% operational efficiency by Lloyd based on his performance at the Shinjuku ghetto. Cécile also notes that his simulator scores were the highest of his class. His lack of any tactics confuses Lelouch, as he fights with reflex instead of strategy. The Lancelot's superior abilities also help, as few other Knightmare Frames can match its astonishing speed or overcome its considerable defenses. Even when Lelouch manages to predict his movements, Suzaku's reflexes allowed him to narrowly escape what would have otherwise been certain death.
Despite not possessing a Geass power, Suzaku has the peculiar ability to detect C.C. and others who grant the power of Geass. C.C. speculates that this is either due to her having previously used her abilities on him, or another unidentified factor. Following episode 18 in the first season, Suzaku is also placed under a command by Lelouch to "live." As this command gives no time or event limitations, it activates every time Suzaku feels suicidal (or otherwise accepts his death as an inevitability) and forces him to survive by any means. It also activates to a lesser extent when his life is in immediate danger. He is the only character on whom Lelouch places a permanent Geass ever to become aware of it, having been told so by V.V.. Suzaku eventually learns to intentionally trigger his Geass command to help unleash his full potential during combat. He used this ability to defeat Bismarck Waldstein and to deploy a countermeasure to the F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead in tandem with Lelouch, which contained a program that had to be executed within 0.04 seconds of detonation to have an effect.
Appearances in other media.
"Lost Colors".
In the video game spin-off "", if the player uses Rai's geass on Suzaku to make him join the Black Knights, Suzaku joins and brutally fights off the Britannian forces. He also participates in the Black Rebellion, which has the Black Knights winning the war. However, in forcing Suzaku to join, the player angers Lelouch, who wanted to recruit Suzaku without using Geass. Lelouch puts Rai into an eternal sleep, resulting in a game over.
The player may choose to pursue Suzaku as a friend by joining the Britannian military. In the All Hail Britannia route, Rai becomes Suzaku's partner in battle and receives a Knightmare Frame of his own similar to the Lancelot. He may use his own Geass to stop Euphemia from ordering the infamous massacre portrayed in episode 22-23 under Lelouch's accidental Geass. After ordering the Princess to stop and then ordering the crowd to forget her order, Euphemia's plan to create the Special Zone of Japan succeeds. Rai and Suzaku are then known as the new country's two White Knights.
In the Black Knights path, if Rai stops Princess Euphemia from following through with Lelouch's accidental Geass (an alternate version to episode 22-23), Suzaku (who is standing nearby) will catch the princess as she suddenly collapses. She wakes up in his arms without any recollection of being under the control of Lelouch's Geass.
"Nightmare of Nunnally".
In the manga spin-off series, Suzaku's appearance is changed slightly. Some parts of his hair are down, and his eye color is blue instead of green. Both his knight outfit and his pilot outfit are also customized with a blue samurai arm gauntlet. Suzaku also owns his own Ōkatana with a custom Britannian hilt.
Suzaku first appeared in chapter 7 of the manga series, and has received approval from Schneizel for Euphemia to have Suzaku as her knight. In the manga, Suzaku is shown to have an ability to sense the power of other people with Geass. When Suzaku first fought against Lelouch as Zero in his Lancelot Knightmare Frame, Lelouch noticed that his powers are negated, hinting that Suzaku might have another ability. This is further hinted in chapter 14, when he meets Alice; she notes it's impossible for anyone to sneak up on her, and when she shakes his hand, she notes later that she felt a chill. However, Suzaku doesn't appear to be aware of this, or indeed of Alice's abilities. In Chapter 13, it's revealed that in this timeline, Suzaku did not kill his father; C.C. did in order to protect Lelouch and Nunnally. Later, Suzaku is revealed to be a being known as a 'Wired' a being who can access the power of Eden Vital without entering into a Geass Contract and thus having the qualifications to become a 'Demon King' like Zero, but was shocked when the identity of Zero was revealed to be Lelouch.
After the Mark Nemo pilot was captured, Suzaku was approached by Lelouch, who was shocked when he revealed the pilot was Nunnally and had no choice but to help him, and later passed the information to Euphemia. Suzaku, along with Lelouch as Zero, arrived on time to stop Nunnally from being executed by her "other" brother, Rolo Vi Britannia, on Euphemia's orders and proceeds to fight Rolo and his knight, Anya Alstreim, only to be defeated by Anya's Tristan Knightmare Frame. After Alice flees with Nunnally and Emperor Charles zi Britannia declares the Holy Nation of Eden Vital, Suzaku is arrested along with Euphemia, Cornelia as well as his comrades Guilford, Lloyd and Cecile. He is rescued by Zero and, despite his mistrust, helps him make Euphemia the Empress of Britannia. Having lost his original Lancelot, Suzaku deploys the Lancelot Albion with Zero in his Gawain against the Emperor's Knights of Rounds (who are revealed to be undead zombies). Suzaku and his Albion are almost defeated, but are saved by Charles' defeat. At the end of the series, Suzaku remains as Euphemia's knight and the two of them meet Lelouch for the last time when he appeared to them in Euphemia's office to bid farewell.
"Suzaku of the Counterattack".
In the manga spin-off series shows, Suzaku as the main protagonist, wearing a bionic combat suit and going by the alias Lancelot. Suzaku also develops a close friendship with Lloyd's assistant Mariel Lubie, and later meets her father, Lenard Lubie, who requested Suzaku to take care of her.
After a renegade Black Knights faction had attacked the Lubie automobile, which killed Lenard and injured Mariel when the wrecked car was destroyed, Suzaku is fueled in anger as he seeks to defeat Zero. Fulfilling Lenard's request, Suzaku is taking care of Mariel until she gets better.
It is revealed that he had killed his father Genbu, but it was done when Suzaku found out that he and the Emperor of Japan were willing to collaborate with Britannia and kill off anti-occupation Japanese officials and civilians. In a fit of anger, he stabs Genbu in the chest.
When Suzaku meets Schneizel, he is moved by his words that he wished to create a world were everyone is equal, and offers Suzaku a position as his knight. Suzaku accepts, believing that Schneizel can end the fighting.
When an art gallery, with the Emperor Charles, was in control by the Black Knight, Suzaku was sent by Schneizel to try and prevent any civilian from getting hurt and was surprised to find that Kallen was a member and revealed that she is half Britannian-Japanese, but left her when he realised that Zero is after the Emperor. When he arrived he saw not only the Emperor dead but saw Schneizel being shot by Zero, causing him to shoot shot his gun at his mask, which craked and was shocked to see that it was Lelouch as Zero. When he demand why he did it, Lelouch replied that he only did it for the both of them. Suzaku find it hard to believe as the two point the gun at each other and fired, with Lelouch missed the shot and Suzaku shot away Lelouch's gun, but later one of the Glaston Knights shot at Lelouch and leaving him injured. Schneizel praises Suzaku for his efforts, but mentions the event that happened seven years ago, which he shouldn't have known about. Suzaku is torn over the decision to execute Lelouch, since it will take Nunnally's brother from her.
Later Suzaku discovers C.C., who reveals that it was Schneizel, not Lelouch, who killed the Emperor. He plans to take C.C.'s immortality. Realizing that he's been serving the wrong man, Suzaku frees Lelouch to help confront Schneizel. Suzaku and Lelouch infiltrate the Government building and confront Schneizel, who has already absorbed some of C.C.'s powers, allowing him to easily dispatch them. With Schneizel about to fully gain C.C.'s powers and her immortality, Suzaku reveals himself as a Regulator, negating Schneizel's ability and then kills him with his sword. With Schneizel now dead, C.C.'s powers are instead transferred to Suzaku, now possessing all of her abilities and her immortality. With Suzaku and Lelouch preparing to leave with C.C., Jeremiah arrived and shot Lelouch before the floor collapsed and he fell to his death. Suzaku managed to save Lelouch and escape with C.C. before the entire Government building collapsed, with the fate of Lloyd surviving is unknown.
Five years later with the Black Knights supposed victory, an immortal Suzaku went past a 22-year-old Kallen, still a member of the Black Knights, and arrived at a house, where Lelouch and Nunnally were then living, and happily greeted a surprised Lelouch, now 22 and his right eye covered with his hair.
"Code Geass (manga)".
Suzaku is present in the manga adaptation with many differences. He was already a student at Ashford Academy from the start. He was not present with Lelouch when C.C. was revealed to be in the capsule. Finally, he met Euphemia while at the Academy and not on the streets. He still believes that he can change the system from within.
"The Miraculous Birthday".
In a special Code Geass Picture Drama episode, Suzaku arrived at Ashford Academy with Nunnally, Shirley, and Nina, and had met with Lelouch, but also brought C.C. with him and commented if she's Lelouch's girlfriend, to which she replied that he proposed to her, and suggested a wedding being held at the Kururugi Shrine for them. However a battle erupted in school grounds by the Neo-Chinese Federation and took everyone hostage.
While everyone escape to the student council room, Lelouch thought of a plan to defeat the enemy, but requires assistance from the others, to which Suzaku agreed with the plan and went with Kallen. After defeating all of the Chinese soldiers in the school's east hall, the two reflect on each other's performance, with Kallen talking about Suzaku's spinkick move that he also used on the Lancelot, to which Suzaku revealed the name of his spinkick move to her as ""Hinoboru-ryu Makoto-ichi-Shiki Hurricane Kick"", to which he commented from his former Master, Kyoshiro Todoh, that most kids find it hard to say and named it ""Suzaku Kururugi spinkick"" instead, to which Suzaku has taken a shine to it. The two arrived at the school's chapel, acting as the Neo-Chinese's HQ, and confronted the leader, but was tricked and their souls were absorbed into mystic item known as the "Thousand-man Silver Vase". However Suzaku manage to return to his body with Kallen, with help from Lelouch who used his Zero persona, and used his spinkick on the eunuchs.
In the aftermatch, Suzaku watches Lelouch's body disappearing and was thanked by him before giving him an inspirational speech. When the group realized Rolo, Shirley, and C.C. were gone, Suzaku realized the date being December 5 being Lelouch's birthday. Suzaku once again donned his Zero persona and commented that he still will not say thanks to Lelouch because of everything that has happened, but still says Happy Birthday to him in respect.
"Another Century's Episode: R".
The fourth installment of the "Another Century's Episode" series, Another Century's Episode R will feature Suzaku with his Lancelot. The setting in his world will be an alternative version of the event of R2. A brief plot was revealed in the second promotional video in the official website and a short detail of the event set in the A.C.E. R main planet, Eria.
Set in an alternative event of the second season of episode 06, Suzaku arrived with Gino and Anya when a Britannian ship was attacked by the Black Knights and were confronted by Kallen, and was overpowered by her. While Suzaku wishes to continue, Gino however convinced him to return to the Chinese Federation to regroup.
After the eunuchs defeat in the Chinese Federation, Suzaku arrive with the three Rounds member, Gino, Anya, and Luciano, and a fleet of Britannian Knightmare Frames led by Schneizel. As they are about to fight the Black Knights an unknown black energy appeared and was suddenly transported to Eria, where he was separated with the other Britannian forces and the other Rounds, but manage to board the Avalon with Lloyed and Ceclie, who were also sucked in. In Eria, Suzaku and co have appeared on a mountain landscape, were Cecil discovered Zero near their area. After finding Zero, he encountered different mechs who are with him. Kei and Olson D. Verne from Super Dimension Century Orguss, and Kei ask whether he would join them, which Suzaku refuse because of their alliance with Zero and prepares to attack, but was interrupted by one of the Seasons, Spring One, in her Core unit, Sea Plant, with a group of Icon units. When Spring offered them allegiance, Suzaku hesitated because he will not forgive Zero, but will not trust anyone that would protect Zero, and he refuses. After Spring ordered the attack, Suzaku ordered the Avalon to assist Zero and his new allies. After her defeat and the appearance of more Icons, he and the others witness Macross Quarter from the Macross Zero series, with the Ark Alpha, and witness it destroying a fleet of Icon. As the Macross Quarter captain, Jeffrey Wilder, offered the group to join up with them, Zero agreed and asked Suzaku to come with them, which he hesitated but accepts.
Later in their first mission together with Zero and the others, Suzaku and the others fought against Spring One in her Core unit, Sea Stand, which Autumn later delivered the final blow in her Core unit, Alpharto, causing Spring to escape. When Zero question if she is really human, Suzaku was surprised when Autumn revealed she isn't but an android.
Suzaku, along with Alto Saotome and other mechs from the Macross Frontier, followed Brera Sterne, who had also sided with Seasons along with Grace O'Conner, to a ruined city, where he was shocked that Gino and Anya, along with some Britannian forces had sided with the Season. and tried to convince them to stop, which Gino replied if he enjoyed being a Black Knight and tells him to come to their side, leaving Suzaku in doubt. However Zero manage to convince him that the battle is not about Britannia or Japan but their worlds, leading Suzaku to reject Gino's offer and fight alongside Zero and defeating both Gino and Anya.
As the plot progresses, The group later encountered a group of Gareth Knightmare Frames, along with the Knight of Ten, Luciano Bradley, and surprisingly Li Xingke, who have sided with Seasons. With Xingke beginning the assault, Suzaku, along with Zero, C.C. and Kallen, have fought and defeated him, but when Xingke was about to be killed by Bradley, Suzaku had blocked his attack and saved him, leading Xingke to switch sides and defeating Luciano, leading him to his death.
Suzaku and Co then confronts the other four Season's in their Core units and later Dr Shiki, in Winter's body, piloting the ACE Core. After his defeat and Autumn using all of her powers to prevent the hole to expand, Suzaku returns to his own world along with Zero, Kallen, and others. Suzaku was then requested by Zero that the two discuss, and later went their separate ways, knowing the'll be enemies again.
"Another Century's Episode: Portable".
Suzaku appears in the sequel with his Lancelot Albion.
"Super Robot Wars Z 2 Hakai-Hen".
Suzaku and the rest of the Code Geass R1 cast will make their debut to the Super Robot Wars franchise in this game, using their R1 Knightmares.
"Nunnally in Wonderland".
In a special OVA parody episode, based on the "Alice in Wonderland" story, Suzaku appears in the role as the White Knight.
Reception.
In the 29th Anime Grand Prix, Suzaku was sixth place with 143 votes, then 19th and 13th, respectively, in the following two. In the 2007 Seiyu Awards, Takahiro Sakurai was a nominee in the category "Best Actors in supporting roles" for his portrayal as Suzaku, but lost to Akira Ishida and Kouki Miyata.
Critical reception to Suzaku has been mainly positive. Anime News Network's Bamboo Dong regarded Suzaku as a likable character, contrasting his role and personality with Lelouch's. Kevin Leathers from UK Anime Network agreed with Dong, as Suzaku "counter-balance" Lelouch's alterego due to how he does not wish violence. Moreover, IGN's D.F. Smith described Suzaku as Lelouch's "opposite number", and also gave praise to the friendship the two share. While reviewing an episode from the series, Ramsey Isler found comical and disappointing how was Suzaku forced to stay at school for extra hours having just finished a highly dangerous mission. His confrontation against Lelouch in the first season's finale was praised mainly because of Suzaku's mentality and his feelings regarding Zero's identity which he confesses he denied accepting such revelation.

</doc>
<doc id="9714392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714392" title="Cove, Hampshire">
Cove, Hampshire

Geography.
Cove is an ancient village turned suburb, forming the western part of Farnborough in the county of Hampshire in the south-east of England. It is located 33 miles (54 km) south west of London. Cove is adjacent to Hawley village and Southwood.
History.
Cove is mentioned in the Domesday book. The entry from 1086, reads "Germanus holds from the Bishop 8 hides of this land in ITCHEL and COVE". 
The Farnborough workhouse was located in Workhouse Lane, Cove (now known as Union street). This workhouse was built before 1832, was closed in 1868, sold in 1871 and demolished in the 1980s. The building was named Wilmot House, after the Lord of the manor.
Present Day.
Cove is now a suburb of Farnborough. Cove School is a secondary school located in the area. The local football team is Cove F.C.
Geology.
The only naturally occurring water feature that still exists in Cove is Cove Brook. There was once a pond on Cove Green. 

</doc>
<doc id="9714395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714395" title="Sonic Excess in Its Purest Form">
Sonic Excess in Its Purest Form

Sonic Excess in its Purest Form is the seventh studio album by Crowbar, a New Orleans-based sludge metal band. It was released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9714405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714405" title="The Rubber Band">
The Rubber Band

The Rubber Band is the third Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. Prior to its publication in 1936 by Farrar & Rinehart, Inc., the novel was serialized in six issues of "The Saturday Evening Post" (February 29–April 4, 1936). Appearing in one 1960 paperback edition titled "To Kill Again," "The Rubber Band" was also collected in the omnibus volume "Five of a Kind" (Viking 1961).
Plot introduction.
Archie books two new clients on the same day, and before the day is over Wolfe has to choose which to keep and there are more than two crimes to untangle. The client he keeps in the end is a beautiful young woman, but it's Wolfe who reads her Hungarian poetry, not Archie.
The novel introduces Lieutenant Rowcliff, not one of the NYPD's finest (in the opinion not only of Wolfe but Inspector Cramer). Rowcliff's search for Clara Fox in the brownstone earns Wolfe's enmity, which lasts until the final Wolfe novel in 1975. In addition, the novel contains the first documented death to occur in Wolfe's office.
Plot summary.
During Nero Wolfe's daily exercise — a game of darts — Archie amuses himself by reading aloud from a newspaper article about the Marquis of Clivers, a British nobleman who has recently arrived in America on official government business, in order to irritate Wolfe. Later, Archie meets with Anthony Perry, president of the Seaboard Products Corporation, who is concerned that one of his employees, Clara Fox, is being unjustly accused of theft. A package containing $30,000 held for a client by Ramsey Muir, the company's senior vice president, has gone missing, and Muir is accusing Fox. Despite the evidence pointing to Fox, Perry hopes that Wolfe will be able to clear her.
During their discussion, Archie and Perry are interrupted by Harlan Scovil, who has recently arrived in New York City from Wyoming and is part of a group who have a later appointment with Wolfe. At one point Scovil seems to mistake Perry for another man, Mike Walsh. Before Archie can attend to Scovil, he is summoned to Perry’s company offices, where Muir -- motivated by jealousy and spite after Fox rejected his advances -- is threatening to call the police to arrest Fox. Archie's preliminary investigations turn up little, and he arrives back to the brownstone to learn that Scovil has left, summoned away by a telephone call.
The anonymous woman who made the second appointment arrives, and Archie is surprised to discover that it is none other than Clara Fox. She has brought with her another woman, Hilda Lindquist, and the actual Mike Walsh. Fox and her companions wish to hire Wolfe to recover a sum of money they believe is owed to them by the Marquis of Clivers. In Silver City, Nevada during the days of the Wild West, a group of men calling themselves the Rubber Band—among them Walsh, Scovil and the fathers of Clara and Hilda—helped the Marquis, then called George Rowley, escape a lynching in return for a share of the Marquis’ substantial inheritance. Although Clara's father was later killed in action on the Western Front during the First World War, he told the tale to his wife after a brief encounter with the Marquis, then a British general, in the hopes that she might be able find some way of claiming their rightful share of the inheritance from Rowley. Clara has subsequently devoted her life to this pursuit.
The discussion is interrupted by a police detective who brings the news that Harlan Scovil has been murdered. In his pockets were found the contact details for the Marquis of Clivers, prompting the police to suspect him of blackmail. Wolfe also learns from Fred Durkin that the police have found the missing $30,000 in Fox's car, and a warrant has been issued for her arrest. Once the policeman has left, Wolfe questions Fox concerning the stolen money and the murder; satisfied as to her honesty and innocence on both matters, he accepts her as his client, and persuades her to remain in the brownstone. During their discussion, Fox admits that she has already approached the Marquis to try and persuade him to honour his arrangement, but was dismissed by him. Mike Walsh rejects Wolfe’s offer of protection and storms out.
Having tracked Fox to the brownstone, two police detectives attempt to force their way in to apprehend her, but are ejected by Archie. Wolfe contacts the Marquis regarding the Rubber Band's request for their rightful share of his inheritance and in response, the Marquis sends his nephew, Francis Horrocks, to discuss the matter. Horrocks, however, appears more interested in the personal business he is there on — to see Clara Fox, with whom he has developed a romantic attachment and who called him from the brownstone earlier. Hot on Horrocks' heels are the police, represented by Lt. Gilbert Rowcliff, who have a search warrant to enter the brownstone and arrest Fox. Wolfe is outraged by Rowcliff's impertinence, but is forced to allow the police to search the premises. Fox, however, cannot be found, and once the police have left Wolfe reveals that he concealed her in the orchid rooms.
Wolfe receives a visit from the Marquis of Clivers himself, who reveals that he has already paid his debt to the Rubber Band. Several years before Rubber Coleman, the leader of the group, approached him with documentation supporting their claim and, upon receiving the money, provided him with a receipt apparently signed by all of the members of the band. The next day, Archie receives a phone call from Mike Walsh claiming that he has found Rubber Coleman, only for the call to be ended by a loud noise that sounds like a gunshot. He soon learns that Walsh has been found dead at the building site where he works as a night watchmen — and none other than the Marquis of Clivers was found standing over the body. Wolfe arranges to contact Victor Lindquist, seemingly the only surviving member of the Rubber Band, and warns him to be prepared for any attempts on his life.
A party including Inspector Cramer, Police Commissioner Hombert and District Attorney Skinner arrive at the brownstone, demanding that Wolfe share what he has learnt about the case with them. Wolfe produces Clara, asserting that she has been in the brownstone since the affair began and is not responsible for Walsh's death. The officials interrogate her, but are unable to determine anything that indicates her guilt in the affair. The next morning, Archie is surprised to find Wolfe apparently playing with rubber bands in the orchid rooms. After sending Saul Panzer to the drugstore down the street on an errand Archie is not privy to, Wolfe has him contact the Marquis of Clivers and summon everyone, including Ramsey Muir and Anthony Perry, to his office.
Once everyone has arrived, Wolfe enters his office with the Marquis, who recognises Anthony Perry instantly — he is Rubber Coleman. Wolfe reveals that Perry, or rather Coleman, swindled the money from the other members of the Rubber Band and used it to fund his numerous business enterprises, only to come across an advertisement Clara Fox placed in the papers seeking information the Rubber Band. He hired her to keep her close, and attempted to discourage her from pursuing her claim but framed her for the theft of the $30,000 when he was unable to do so. Intending to hire Wolfe to cover his tracks and throw suspicion off himself, he had the misfortune to be recognised by Scovil at Wolfe's office. Coleman murdered Scovil to prevent him from remembering who he was, and then murdered Walsh after Walsh tracked him down, staging the phone call with the use of a rubber band to simulate the gun shot that killed Walsh.
Perry, cornered, attempts to shoot Wolfe but is gunned down by the Marquis and Archie before he can do so. Having proven Clara's innocence, Wolfe negotiates with the Marquis to claim her and Lindquist's fair share of his inheritance. Guilt-ridden by the deaths she believes have been caused by her quest, Clara attempts to turn it down, but is persuaded to accept it by Wolfe.
The unfamiliar word.
"Nero Wolfe talks in a way that no human being on the face of the earth has ever spoken, with the possible exception of Rex Stout after he had a gin and tonic," said Michael Jaffe, executive producer of the A&E TV series, "A Nero Wolfe Mystery". Nero Wolfe's erudite vocabulary is one of the hallmarks of the character. Examples of unfamiliar words — or unfamiliar uses of words that some would otherwise consider familiar — are found throughout the corpus, often in the give-and-take between Wolfe and Archie.
Adaptations.
"Nero Wolfe" (Radiotelevisione italiana S.p.A.).
"Il patto dei sei" (1969).
"The Rubber Band" was adapted for a series of Nero Wolfe films produced by the Italian television network RAI (Radiotelevisione Italiana). Written and directed by Giuliana Berlinguer, "Il patto dei sei" aired July 27, 1969.
The series of black-and-white telemovies stars Tino Buazzelli (Nero Wolfe), Paolo Ferrari (Archie Goodwin), Pupo De Luca (Fritz Brenner), Renzo Palmer (Inspector Cramer), Roberto Pistone (Saul Panzer), Mario Righetti (Orrie Cather) and Gianfranco Varetto (Fred Durkin). Other members of the cast of "Il patto dei sei" include Vittorio Sanipoli (Anthony Perry), Augusto Mastrantoni (Harlan Scoville), Carmen Scarpitta (Clara Fox), Cristina Mascitelli (Hilda Lindquist), Loris Gafforio (Mike Walsh), Sergio Reggi (Sergente Stebbins), Enrico Lazzareschi (Francis Horrocks) and Gastone Bartolucci (Lord Clivers).
"Il patto dei sei" (2012).
Roberto Jannone adapted "The Rubber Band" for the fourth episode of the RAI TV series "Nero Wolfe" (Italy 2012), starring Francesco Pannofino as Nero Wolfe and Pietro Sermonti as Archie Goodwin. Set in 1959 in Rome, where Wolfe and Archie reside after leaving the United States, the series was produced by Casanova Multimedia and Rai Fiction and directed by Riccardo Donna. "Il patto dei sei" aired April 26, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9714413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714413" title="Michael Ford">
Michael Ford

Michael Ford or Mike Ford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714442" title="Tamerlane and Other Poems">
Tamerlane and Other Poems

Tamerlane and Other Poems is the first published work by American writer Edgar Allan Poe. The short collection of poems was first published in 1827. Today, it is believed only 12 copies of the collection still exist.
Poe abandoned his foster family, the Allans, and moved to Boston to find work in 1827. Having only minor success, he enlisted in the United States Army. He brought with him several manuscripts, which he paid a printer named Calvin F. S. Thomas to publish. The 40-page collection was called "Tamerlane and Other Poems" and did not include Poe's name. Distribution was limited to 50 copies and it received no critical attention. The poems were largely inspired by Lord Byron, including the long title poem "Tamerlane", which depicts an historical conqueror who laments the loss of his first romance. Like much of Poe's future work, the poems in "Tamerlane and Other Poems" include themes of love, death, and pride.
Poe's first published collection is so rare that after Poe's death Rufus Wilmot Griswold believed it had never existed until one was found in 1859. It has since been recognized as one of the rarest first editions in American literature.
Background.
Edgar Poe was unable to complete studies at the University of Virginia due to gambling debts. He left the university in March 1827 and the already-strained relationship with his foster father, John Allan, grew worse. Poe determined to go to Boston, where he was born. When Poe's biological mother Eliza Poe died, the only object she left him was a watercolor painting of the city, on the back of which she had written, "For my little son Edgar, who should ever love Boston, the place of his birth, and where his mother found her "best" and "most sympathetic friends"." John Allan, a merchant in Richmond, Virginia, refused to give his foster son the $12 for the trip, though it is likely Poe got the money from his foster mother Frances Allan. John Allan was not aware of Poe's decision or whereabouts and, not concerned, wrote "I'm thinking Edgar has gone to Sea to seek his own fortunes". After arriving in Boston in April 1827, Poe served briefly as clerk for a wholesale merchandise warehouse on the waterfront, then as an office clerk and reporter for an obscure newspaper, the "Weekly Report". After several weeks, in desperation, he enlisted in the United States Army for a five-year term under the pseudonym "Edgar A. Perry"; he gave his age as 22, though he was only 18, likely because he would have needed parental consent if under 21. He was assigned to the First Regiment of Artillery and stationed at Boston Harbor's Fort Independence.
Up to this point, Poe had not written much poetry. His earliest lines of verse were a couplet labeled "Poetry", presumably written sometime in 1824 in the ledger book of Allan & Ellis, his foster father's mercantile company. The lines read: "Last night with many cares & toils oppress'd / Weary, I laid me on a couch to rest—". The earliest known full-length poem by Poe, "O, Tempora! O, Mores!", is a satirical poem whose authorship is the subject of some dispute. Nevertheless, calling himself "irrecoverably a poet", he had been working on a few longer poems at the University of Virginia, whose manuscripts he brought with him to Boston.
Publication history.
Sometime in the spring of 1827, Poe turned over his manuscripts to an 18-year old printer named Calvin F. S. Thomas, whose family may have been known by Poe's birth parents. Thomas had previously only printed labels, flyers, and other small jobs. Poe used his own money to pay for the publication of his poems as the 40-page collection "Tamerlane and Other Poems", the only known book printed by Thomas. The collection was pamphlet-sized, 6.75 by 4.5 inches. Poe was 18 years old when the collection was released in July 1827 and only 50 copies were printed. The total production number is the subject of dispute; various scholars believe the number was slightly lower (only 20 copies) or substantially higher (as many as 200).
"Tamerlane and Other Poems" was published anonymously with the credit granted to "a Bostonian". His name, typically listed as "Edgar A. Poe", was not published with his work until his second collection, "Al Aaraaf, Tamerlane, and Minor Poems" in late 1829. Poe may have chosen not to give his name so that his foster father, John Allan, would not know where he was; moreover, his choice to embrace his Bostonian heritage may have been an attempt to distance himself from the Allan family in Richmond. Boston was, at the time, a center for publishing and the literary world. By the time the book was released, Poe was already in the Army.
Poe introduced the collection with an apologetic notice admitting the low quality of his poems. He said they were not intended to ever be published and "why they are now published concerns no one" but the author. He claimed, however, that the majority of the poems were written between 1820 and 1821, "when the author had not completed his fourteenth year" though this is assumed to be an exaggeration. Poe used the low circulation of this collection to attract readers later in his career, suggesting the 1827 poetry book had been "suppressed through circumstances of a private nature". That second collection, "Al Aaraaf, Tamerlane, and Minor Poems", included revised versions of five of the nine poems from "Tamerlane and Other Poems".
Distribution of "Tamerlane and Other Poems" was so light that Rufus Wilmot Griswold in 1850 claimed it had never existed, noting that none had been found. The first known copy turned up in 1859 with a second found in 1874. A type facsimile of a copy held by the British Museum, edited and introduced by Richard Herne Shepherd, was published as a limited edition in 1884. Another copy of "Tamerlane and Other Poems" was published in a 1941 facsimile by Thomas Ollive Mabbott, who provided the introduction; his correction and additions to this are found in a subsequent publication.
Themes.
The poems, many of which had a theme of youth, were inspired in part by the works of Percy Bysshe Shelley, and Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The largest inspiration on Poe, however, came from the work of Lord Byron; the character of the title poem "Tamerlane" has a daughter named "Ada", named after Byron's own daughter Ada Lovelace. Poe admired Byron both for his poetry and for his rebellious personality. John Allan blamed Poe's interest in Byron for his licentiousness. Some biographers suggest that Poe's wandering to Boston and joining the Army represent a need to live like an outcast inspired by Byron.
The title poem, "Tamerlane", depicts a dying conqueror who regrets leaving his childhood sweetheart and his home to pursue his ambitions. In its original form, "Tamerlane", based on the historical Timur, was 406 lines. The choice of an eastern character was unusual for a westerner at the time, though Byron, François-René de Chateaubriand, Thomas Moore and others had written other Orientalist works. Autobiographical overtones suggest Poe based the poem on the loss of his own early love, Sarah Elmira Royster, or of his birth mother Eliza Poe. The poem may also mirror Poe's relationship with his foster father John Allan; similar to Poe, Tamerlane is of uncertain parentage, with a "feigned name".
The "other poems", which Poe admitted "perhaps savour too much of egotism; but they were written by one too young to have any knowledge of the world but from his own breast". These poems present the poet as solitary figure who was faced some unnamed transforming childhood event. Poe adopted some of the common themes of the day, including imagery of heavenly bliss and angelic beauty. He steps away from the typical use of didacticism of the time and instead focuses on psychological reverie and symbolist aesthetics, beginning his lifelong poetic refusal to write for the masses. Poe would continue to revisit themes of death, beauty, love, and pride in his later works. He would later rewrite one poem, "Imitation", as "A Dream Within a Dream" and use images from "Evening Star" in "Ulalume".
Critical reception.
"Tamerlane and Other Poems" was virtually ignored and received no significant critical attention upon its publication. The only public notice of it was a mention of the title in a couple lists of recent books: The "United States Review and Literary Gazette" listed it in August and the "North American Review" listed it in October 1827. Samuel Kettell listed "Tamerlane and Other Poems" in his "Catalogue of American Poetry" section of his three-volume anthology "Specimens of American Poetry" in 1829. Literary historian Joel Porte suggests the American reading public during this period was more interested in fiction than poetry. Despite its lack of attention, the publication of "Tamerlane and Other Poems" gave a young Poe the confidence to continue writing.
After Poe became more popular with "The Raven", a reviewer who saw parts of "Tamerlane and Other Poems" commented, "'Poems written during youth' no matter by whom written, are best preserved for the eye of the writer". Modern scholar Joseph Wood Krutch said the collection "save for a few poems, distinctly prentice work". Poe biographer Arthur Hobson Quinn wrote: "The perfection which marked Poe's great lyrics was, of course, not yet present. But the promise was there." Quinn also credits Poe for publishing a collection of poetry before slightly older contemporaries who would become popular poets, including Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, John Greenleaf Whittier, and Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. Scholar Harry Lee Poe, a distant relative of Poe, wrote in 2008 that the collection did not include great poetry. However, he added, "it was the trumpet blast announcing that a new poet had stepped upon the stage".
It is believed only a dozen copies of the original printing of "Tamerlane and Other Poems" remain, making it one of the rarest of first editions in American literature. Ironically, the value of one copy today is more money than Poe ever made in his lifetime. Its rarity was recognized in 1925, when the "Saturday Evening Post" ran an article titled "Have You A Tamerlane in Your Attic"? After the article ran, a woman in Worcester, Massachusetts named Ada S. Dodd searched and found a copy, prompting others to search as well. Today, most of the surviving copies are owned by libraries and museums. Two copies, for example, were purchased by The Huntington Library in New York in 1915. One copy is on display as part of the collection at the Edgar Allan Poe Museum in Richmond, Virginia. Though copies do not circulate often, they command high prices when they do. One sold at auction for $125,000 and, later, another sold for $198,000. 
In December 2009, a copy from the William E. Self collection sold at Christie's, New York for $662,500, a record price paid for a work of American literature.
Content.
The work was originally published without a table of contents, later editions and commentary use the titles or first lines to identify the poems. Much of the content was reworked, occasionally retitled, by Poe for later collections
Other poems, also known as "Fugitive pieces"

</doc>
<doc id="9714456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714456" title="Parochial Libraries Act 1708">
Parochial Libraries Act 1708

The Parochial Libraries Act 1708 (7 Ann c 14) is an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain. It governed parochial libraries established for ministers of the Church of England. 
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.
The Act is one of the oldest pieces of legislation concerning libraries in the United Kingdom.
The preamble to the Act noted that throughout the country, many parish clergy were provided with stipends so small that they were not able to purchase books for their studies, and as a result many small charitable libraries for this purpose had been recently established.
In order to better protect these libraries from misuse or disposal, the Act stipulated that such establishments were to be maintained for the purpose for which they had been provided, and that the incumbent of the parish was to provide security, if so requested, "by bond or otherwise", to ensure this. The appropriate ordinary of the Church, or the supervising archdeacon, was given authority to enquire into the condition of parochial libraries and appoint visitors to examine them, to ensure that they were maintained in a good condition. On the death of an incumbent, or his removal, the library was to be locked and secured until they were replaced, to prevent the loss of the books, excepting any routine use made of the room it was stored in.
Within six months of taking up the incumbency of a parish with a parochial library, or of the establishment of a new library, the incumbent was to produce a catalogue of all the books then in the library and deposit it with the bishopric; likewise, all parochial libraries in existence as of the time of the Act were to have such a catalogue produced and deposited by 29 September 1709. As a counterpart to these periodic records, a current register of any donated books or other donations was to be kept, recording the name of the benefactor and the details of the gift.
It was also provided that the ordinary (and, if still living, the original benefactor) were able to make regulations for the use and upkeep of the library, providing that they did not conflict with the original terms of the donation. No book was permitted to be sold or otherwise disposed of without the consent of the ordinary, and then only in cases where it was a duplicate of an existing work. If any book was taken from the library, the incumbent was permitted to bring a lawsuit for damages in the name of the ordinary, any such damages (rated at three times the cost of the book plus legal fees) being used for the maintenance of the library, or to apply to a Justice of the Peace for a warrant to find the book and immediately return it to the library.

</doc>
<doc id="9714466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714466" title="Jennie Tuttle Hobart">
Jennie Tuttle Hobart

Esther Jane "Jennie" Tuttle Hobart (April 30, 1849 – January 8, 1941) was the wife of Vice President Garret Hobart who served in the administration of President William McKinley as well as a philanthropist and community activist in New Jersey.
Biography.
Born and raised in Paterson, New Jersey, she was the daughter of a prominent attorney, Socrates Tuttle and his wife Jane Winters. She married her husband, Garret Hobart, in Paterson on July 21, 1869, at the start of his career as a lawyer and politician. They had two children, Garret Jr, and Fannie, who died in 1895. In 1896 her husband was elected Vice President of the United States and the family moved to Washington, D.C.. As Second Lady of the United States, Hobart often served as White House hostess because the First Lady, Ida Saxton McKinley, suffered from epilepsy. Vice President Hobart died of heart failure on November 21, 1899. After his death, she returned to Paterson and became involved in community affairs. She was a close friend of Mrs. McKinley and rushed to Buffalo, New York to offer her support to her when President McKinley was shot in September 1901. She died of pneumonia on January 8, 1941, in Haledon, New Jersey, where she had been living on her son's farm, and was buried in Cedar Lawn Cemetery in Paterson, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9714491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714491" title="Monmouth County Library">
Monmouth County Library

Monmouth County Library is the county library system for Monmouth County, New Jersey. It is headquartered in Manalapan, New Jersey.
Branch locations are:
Headquarters (Manalapan), Eastern Branch (Shrewsbury), Allentown, Colts Neck, Hazlet, Holmdel, Howell, Marlboro, Ocean Township, Oceanport, and Wall Township.
The library system was created in 1922. A majority of Monmouth County towns pay county library taxes and their residents are entitled to free library cards in the county library system. Residents of nonmember towns can purchase library cards in the Monmouth County Library system.

</doc>
<doc id="9714500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714500" title="Devi (1970 film)">
Devi (1970 film)

Devi is a 1970 film directed by Madhusudan Rao V..
Film poster.
The film posters show different themes of the film as was often done with posters. The First shows the dutiful mother and wife caring for her child. The second shows the man smoking while leering at a dancing girl.

</doc>
<doc id="9714515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714515" title="Ugandan Cup">
Ugandan Cup

The Uganda Cup is Uganda's main national cup competition in football. This annual competition is open for member clubs of the Federation of Uganda Football Associations. 
Background.
The Uganda Cup was first held in 1971. The current holders are SC Victoria University who clinched their first cup title by defeating Vipers SC 5-3 on penalties after the match had finished 1–1 after extra time in the 2012-13 final. Express FC holds the record number of wins with 10 cup titles, followed by rivals Kampala City Council FC and SC Villa who each have won 8 titles.
The winner of the competition represents Uganda in the CAF Confederations Cup and CECAFA Nile Basin Cup Winners Cupedition 2014.
Current competition.
The 2013-14 Uganda Cup preliminary rounds were played in December 2013 and January 2014 and are organised on a regional basis. On 7 February 2014 Big League side Sadolin Paints kick off the Round of 64 in the 2013/2014 Uganda Cup with a game against Super League Police FC. This stage of the competition will be completed by 21 February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9714522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714522" title="Siete (album)">
Siete (album)

'Siete' is the fifth studio album of Carlos Varela, released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9714528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714528" title="Dalila Carmo">
Dalila Carmo

Dalila Carmo (born 1974-08-24) is a Portuguese actress.
She trained at The Actors Studio in New York in 1996-1997 with Marcia Haufrecht, who directed her in "Vidas Publicadas" by Donald Margulies, "Teatro da Comuna" (2005), "A Lição de Ionesco" (1996), and "Ludlow Fair" by Lansford Wilson (1997) at The Common Basis Theatre.
She was a cast member in numerous productions such as "Artaud Estudio" with Paulo Filipe (ACARTE, 1997); "Auto da India" by Gil Vicente; "Let's Make Opera" with Paulo Matos (Teatro São Luiz, 1994); "Queima de Judas" (Teatro O Bando, 1992).
In the movie industry, after appearing in Paulo Castro's short film, "O Criado Ostrowski" (1990), she played in "Vale Abraão" (1993) by Manoel de Oliveira.
In between TV movies and some international co-productions, she also performed in features such as "A Comédia de Deus" (1995) by João Cesar Monteiro, "Tráfico" (1998) by João Botelho, "O Anjo da Guarda" (1999) by Margarida Gil, and "Os Meus Espelhos" (2005) by Rui Simões, "Quero Ser Uma Estrela" (2009) by José Carlos de Oliveira, "Quinze Pontos na Alma" (2009) and "Florbela" (2011) by Vicente Alves do Ó.
She acted at the Theatre Company of Almada, under the direction of Joaquin Benite, in "Moliére" by Mikhail Bulgakov (1995) and "Filopópulus" by Virgílio Martinho (1995).
Dalila Carmo was a cast member of nearly 10 soap operas: 2006 - Tempo de Viver, 2005 - Ninguem Como Tu, 2003 - Morangos com Açúcar, 2002 - Jóia de África, 2001 - Filha do Mar, 2000 - Jardins Proibidos, 1999 - Todo o Tempo do Mundo, 1998 - Diário de Maria, among others.
Dalila is currently living between Lisbon and Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="9714541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714541" title="Jim Kale">
Jim Kale

Michael James "Jim" Kale (born August 11, 1943, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian musician, best known as the bassist for The Guess Who. Kale left the band in 1973, after the "Live at the Paramount" album. He was replaced by Bill Wallace, formerly of Winnipeg band, Brother. Kale was initially part of the Guess Who reunion that started in 1999, but was temporarily replaced by Wallace once again until his return in 2001. As of November 2004, Kale has been back touring with The Guess Who.
The 'Guess Who' name.
When the Guess Who broke up in 1975, Kale registered the name as a legal corporation, something that had never been done. Since 1978, he has toured and recorded with a number of line-ups using the Guess Who name, sometimes with other former members, but rarely with former frontman, Burton Cummings. One exception was the 1983 Reunion Tour in Canada with Bachman, Kale, Cummings and Peterson.
After bowing out of the 1999 reunion tour, Kale continued to receive a share of earnings from the tour and CD/DVD releases, as per the contract he had negotiated with his former bandmates (replacement Wallace was paid out of other members' shares). That contract has since expired, and Kale is once again touring with The Guess Who, which currently (2014) also includes their original drummer, Garry Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="9714552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714552" title="1, 2 Pass It">
1, 2 Pass It

"One, 2, Pass It" is a collaboration song by the one-shot D&D All-Stars, a group consisting of Doug E. Fresh, Fat Joe, Jeru the Damaja, KRS-One, Mad Lion, and Smif-N-Wessun. Produced by DJ Premier, it is the only single from the album "The D&D Project". Each emcee gets his own verse, excluding Tek and Steele of Smif-N-Wessun, who share a verse. Lyrics from Fat Joe's verse were later sampled and used in the chorus of Jay-Z's "Bring It On", and Pharoahe Monch's Intro of his album Internal Affairs. A Line from Smif-N-Wessun's verse was used on the chorus of Jay-Z's "So Ghetto," produced by DJ Premier. A line from Jeru's verse was later used on his own song "Scientifical Madness".

</doc>
<doc id="9714561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714561" title="Idiosepius biserialis">
Idiosepius biserialis

Idiosepius biserialis is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Indian Ocean off southern Africa. Records of this species from the Andaman Sea probably
refer to "Idiosepius thailandicus". "I. biserialis" occurs in shallow waters inshore.
Females grow to 10.5 mm in mantle length.
The type specimen was collected off South Africa and is deposited at the South African Museum in Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="9714594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714594" title="Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden">
Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden

Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden, also known as Sophia Karlovna Buxhoeveden (Russian: София Карловна Буксгевден, September 6, 1883 - November 26, 1956), was a lady in waiting to Tsarina Alexandra of Russia. She was the author of three memoirs about the imperial family and about her own escape from Russia. In her book "Before the Storm", Sophie describes a side of old Russia seldom seen elsewhere, a family in the old-fashioned provincial country life of the gentry in the years before the revolution. As a child, Sophie shared picnics and mushroom hunts with other famous players in the tragic story such as Anna Vyrubova, Felix Yussoupov, Dmitri Pavlovich, and the sons of poet Konstantin Romanov.
Service as lady-in-waiting.
According to her memoirs, Buxhoeveden's father, Karlos Buxhoeveden, was the Russian minister in Copenhagen, Denmark during World War I. Her mother was Ludmilla Ossokina.
In her youth, she was a part of the social life of St. Petersburg. Buxhoeveden was chosen as an honorary Lady in Waiting to the Tsarina in 1904, and became an official Lady in Waiting in 1913. She was nicknamed "Isa" by the Tsarina and her four daughters and, during World War I, was often chosen by the Tsarina to accompany the four grand duchesses to official duties. She had no time for Rasputin, but witnessed his miracles first-hand and was baffled by his powers. Alexandra would have liked her to accept Rasputin as a holy man, but knew Buxhoeveden's opinion was not likely to be changed. The fact she kept her negative opinion to herself was appreciated by the Empress, who knew Buxhoeveden would say nothing to discredit her. She followed the family to exile in Siberia following the Russian Revolution of 1917. She was released by the Bolsheviks, unlike many of the other people in the family's entourage, most likely because they mistook her Danish name for Swedish The Bolsheviks did not imprison foreign nationals in fear of reprisals from other nations. Sophie spent many months on the run across Siberia, with other members of the royal household, including Gibbes and Gilliard. She was only allowed safe passage out of Russia when she made it to Omsk, which was then under the control of the Russian White Army and the British Military. Her harrowing experiences can be read in her book "Left Behind."
Allegations of betrayal of the Romanovs.
Amateur historians have accused her of betraying the family by taking money from them and later informing their guards that the Romanov children had sewed jewels into their clothing. She allegedly told Rodionov that "The buttons on her coat aren't buttons, they are diamonds; the aigrette of that hat conceals a diamond from the shah of Persia; and that belt there - underneath it are ropes of pearls. Such a proposition has been completely disproven since the Bolsheviks had no idea the jewels were in the clothes until after the execution. Yurovsky stated "They shot the daughters but nothing happened, then Yermakov set the bayonet in motion and that didn't help; then they were finally finished off by being shot the head. Only in the forest did I discover what hampered the shooting of the daughters." According to King and Wilson, Yurovsky wrote in his 1922 memoirs about "the damn valuables and jewels we knew they had concealed in their clothes when they arrived, which caused troubles to no end." It is fact that Yurovsky explained that while the truck was stuck in the forest, "some of Yermakov's people started to pull at the girls' blouses, where they discovered the valuables.".."Things that had been sewn into the daughters' clothing were discovered when the bodies began to be undressed..The daughters had bodices made up of diamonds and other precious stones that served not just as a receptacle for valuables but as protective armor. This is why neither bullets nor bayonets yielded results during the shooting and bayonet blows..there turned out to be eighteen pounds of such valuables." One of the large diamonds that had been carefully covered and concealed in a button was never discovered by the Bolsheviks, and was later found by the Whites after they took Ekaterinburg, trampled into the mud at the grave site. The relic was identified by two former servants who had helped the Grand Duchesses sew the jewels into the clothing.
King and Wilson allege that Buxhoeveden borrowed 1,300 rubles from the Romanov children's tutor Charles Sydney Gibbes to escape Russia. It is claimed she told him she'd return the money, but never did. "I knew she was greedy, but I never knew she'd go that far!" Gibbes wrote to the French tutor Pierre Gilliard. Others said that Sophie's apparent poverty, as described by Gilliard and Gibbes, is proof she never had any money and certainly hadn't stolen anything from anyone. At her own admission, Sophie's rooms had been searched, and nothing of value had been found. One source of the allegations blaming her with theft from the family was Boris Soloviev, the true guilty party. He was the husband of Maria Rasputin, author of historically disproven books, having married her to gain the trust of Rasputin supporters who were financing a plot to rescue the Romanovs. It was he who betrayed the family, and attempted to cast doubt on others. Soloviev really was involved in a scheme to defraud the family of the money sent by supporters to rescue them, and betray the rescuers to the Bolsheviks. The maid Anna Romanova was an accomplice of Soloviev. Romanova, said by some to have joined Buxhoeveden in the alleged 'betrayal' over the jewels and was supposedly interrogated in on the subject in Ekaterinburg, actually never even made the trip and stayed in Tobolsk.
Involvement in the Anna Anderson affair.
In 1922 in Berlin, a woman, later known to the world as Anna Anderson, was reportedly claiming to be a Romanov Grand Duchess. It was said that she was Grand Duchess Tatiana. She claimed, however, according to nurse Thea Malinovski to be Grand Duchess Anastasia in the fall of 1921. Baroness Buxhoeveden went to Berlin to visit the woman and pronounced her "too short" to be Tatiana.
""She was in bed close to the wall, she was turned facing against the window, in full sunlight. When she heard us enter the room, she hid herself under the cover to hide herself from our stares, and we were not able to get her to show us her face...The unknown one spoke German with Miss Peuthert. Although she was permitted to get up, she preferred to stay in bed as long as possible. This is how I found her. After asking my companions to move away from the bed a little, I tried to attract the young woman's attention as I caressed her hair and speaking to her in English while using the types of phrases I would have used while speaking with the Grand Duchesses, but I did not refer to her by any name other than 'Darling'. She did not reply and I saw that she did not understand a word of what I had said, for when she raised the cover after a certain period of time, and I saw her face, there was nothing in her eyes which showed she had recognized me. The eyes and forehead showed some resemblance to the Grand Duchess Tatiana Nicolaievna, resemblance that disappeared, nevertheless, as soon as her face was not covered. I had to remove the cover by force, and I saw that neither the nose, the mouth, nor the chin were formed like that of the Grand Duchess. The hair was lighter in color, some of her teeth were missing-and the remaining ones were not like those of the Grand Duchess...Her hands were also completely different, the fingers were longer and the nails narrower. I wanted to measure her height, but she refused, and I found it impossible to get an exact measurement without force. We judged roughly that in any case, she was smaller than me, while the Grand Duchess Tatiana was more than ten centimeters taller than me. I have been able to verify this, thanks to the patient's official measurement at the time of her arrival at the hospital and that corresponded exactly with the one which was taken in my presence."
""I tried to awaken the memory of the young woman by all the possible means; I showed to her an 'icon', with the date of the Romanov jubilee, that the emperor had given to some persons of the suite, after that a ring that had belonged to the empress; the latter had been given to her in the presence of the Grand Duchess Tatiana. But none of these things seemed to evoke in her the slightest recognition. She remained completely indifferent, she whispered some incomprehensible words into Ms. Peuthert's ear. Although I noted a certain similarity in the upper part of the face with the unknown -currently Mrs. Tschaikovski- with the Grand Duchess Tatiana, I am sure that she is not her. I later learned that the she supposes that she is the Grand Duchess Anastasia, but she does not physically resemble her in the least. She has none of the special characteristics that would allow any one who knew the Grand Duchess Anastasia well to identify her.""
It was after that Anderson mentioned Buxhoevden's alleged treachery and betrayal of the family to the Bolsheviks, claiming that was why she denied her. Except among diehard supporters, this vicious counter-attack did little to cushion the blow of having been flatly rejected by someone who was very close to the Imperial family. Sophie Buxhoeveden never wavered in her view that Anderson was an impostor.
Baroness Buxhoeveden was also involved in disproving another Romanov claimant, this time Eugenia Smith, who claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia. She wrote about Smith, "I found no likeness whatsoever to the Grand Duchess physically ... Although a total stranger, she is sympathetic on the whole, but seemed to be labouring under a mental delusion."
Exile, Death and Legacy.
After being refused permission to join the family in the Ipatiev house, Sophie, along with the foreign tutors, Pierre Gilliard and Sydney Gibbes, lodged in a fourth class railway car while they tried to find a way to help the family. Every day, the three of them persistently badgered Sir Thomas Preston, the British consulate, discussing all possible options. She and her two companions even made personal representations to the Ural Soviet on behalf of the Romanovs. Unfortunately, these noble attempts failed and they were forced to leave Ekaterinburg.
Following many long months of fleeing across Siberia in fear for her life, Buxhoeveden was finally able to leave Russia with the help of the British military, namely a General Alfred Knox, who got her safe passage on a military train. While in Omsk, she had a surprise reunion with Joy, Alexei's spaniel, who had been rescued by Colonel Paul Rodzianko. Though now almost blind, the dog seemed to recognize her. Joy had been traumatized by the loss of the family, and was heartbroken. It was a sad but bittersweet reunion for her too; seeing the dog brought back vivid memories of the Tsarevich.
From Omsk, they had to travel across China to avoid unsafe parts of Siberia. Upon reaching Vladivostok, she described it as "Vladivostok, being the base of the Allied forces, was full of foreigners. There was the military element as well as representatives of the various Red Cross units, some Canadian detachments that had never gone any farther, as well as civilians and diplomats." She also described seeing the Pacific coast for the first time in her life, and expressed her sadness as she sailed away from her native country:
"I was leaving Russia. Would I ever see my country again, and in what condition would I find it if I ever returned? Who among my friends and relations would have survived the storm? The Russia I had known, the old Russia, disappeared slowly from view."
After she passed through Japan and Hawaii, regretting not having more time to see these places, her ship landed in San Francisco, where she took a train across the United States. She marveled at the sights she had never seen before:
"Everything in America seemed to me on such a monumental scale that it dwarfed every bit of European scenery I had ever seen before, or have ever seen since. What were the Norwegian fjords, or even the Alps, after the Rocky Mountains? What are the largest buildings of other towns after those in San Francisco and New York?"
When she finally arrived in Denmark at the home of her father, she told of seeing the Dowager Empress in Copenhagen, and how melancholy it was to hear "God Save the Tsar" played, knowing what had happened to the country she'd loved.
"Was this to be the last time that they would hear that hymn? The Empire had been wiped out, the Emperor was no more, our great country had lost even its name. In the notes of our anthem was the echo of one of the world's greatest tragedies. It seemed to set a seal on a past that for us was gone... gone forever."
In exile, Buxhoeveden lived in Copenhagen with her father, then at Hemmelmark in northern Germany, the estate owned by Prince Heinrich of Prussia, younger brother of Kaiser Wilhelm II, and his wife, Princess Irene, the Tsarina's sister.
Finally at Kensington Palace in London, Baroness Buxhoeveden faithfully performed lady-in-waiting services for the late Tsarina's older sister Victoria, Marchioness of Milford Haven. It is quite incorrectly claimed, without any historical verification, that the Baroness was not trusted by the Tsar's sister, Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia, who warned Victoria that "Isa" was not to be trusted. The truth of the matter was revealed through a statement made in March 1958 by Grand Duchess Xenia that she believed in her. "Isa" died in England in grace and favor rooms granted to her by the Queen, the drawers chests were crammed with mementos of the family, photo albums and pieces of Fabergé.
After her death she left a number of items that had belonged to the Russian imperial family to Grand Duchess Xenia including, "a green enamel Fabergé pencil given to me by Empress Alexandra ... a white china cup with a pattern of cornflowers and the mark NII used by the Emperor at Tobolsk .. a small wooden Ikon .. with a few words of prayer written by the Empress at Tobolsk ... ".
Her three books were considered to give one of the best accounts of the Romanov family's life and final days. They were "Life and Tragedy of Alexandra Feodorovna", published in 1928; "Left Behind: Fourteen Months in Siberia During the Revolution," published in 1929; and "Before the Storm."

</doc>
<doc id="9714623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714623" title="Cashnet">
Cashnet

Cashnet is an interbank network in India managed by Euronet Services India Pvt. Ltd. which is a subsidiary of Euronet Worldwide. 
Banks are invited to join the Cashnet shared ATM network whereby each member banks’ cardholders can perform transactions at other member banks’ ATMs. Member banks will allow their customers to perform transactions at other member banks ATMs (“Issuing Bank”) and allow other member banks’ cardholders to perform transactions at their ATMs (“Acquiring Bank”). All member banks are expected to be both Issuing Banks and Acquiring Banks. 
Euronet India provides the central switching and processing centre for the shared ATM network by establishing a host-to-host connection to each member bank, facilitating daily settlement between each participant and providing settlement reports. Switching and gateway services to international card organisations such as Visa, MasterCard, Amex and Diners Club will be provided.
Through CashnetTM a bank can drive new fee income from acquiring transaction fees on its ATMs that will contribute to reducing the cost structure of its ATM network and at the same time extend the reach of ATM services to its customers without having to invest in costly infrastructure all across the country.
The network has 14 member banks with an approximate network strength of 10,700+ ATMs. The member banks of Cashnet are:
Cashnet is India’s largest private shared ATM network with IDBI Bank acting as the Settlement Bank. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has granted the following approval on the 8 April 2003. Cashnet was officially launched in Mumbai on 21 May 2003, and is the first Independent nationwide-shared ATM network in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9714669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714669" title="Katalonan">
Katalonan

A Katalonan (also spelled Catalonan; "Catulunan" in Pampango) is a priest or priestess of the old Tagalog animistic religion. These priestesses were either female, or male transvestites. 
The term apparently springs from the Tagalog word ""katalo"", which means ""in good terms with"," such that the Catalonan are those "in good terms with the Anito spirits" 
Historian and Spanish Missionary Pedro Chirino, SJ noted that their long hair is a symbol of their commitment to their religion.
Confusion with Babaylan.
The Catalonan are the Tagalog equivalent of the Visayan Babaylan. 
Although the many modern Filipinos mistakenly refer to any priest or priestess of the Animistic Prehispanic Filipino religions as Babaylan, writer Nick Joaquin and historian William Henry Scott remind modern Filipinos that the independent cultural evolution of each Filipino ethnic group should be respected. 

</doc>
<doc id="9714683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714683" title="Suma Gestión Tributaria">
Suma Gestión Tributaria

Suma Gestión Tributaria (Suma) is a 100% public provincial agency set up by the Provincial Council of Alicante (Spain) in 1990. It specializes in tax administration: assessment, billing, collection and enforcement. Suma collects the taxes on behalf of each city council with own resources.
Its governing body is the Board of Suma, made up of six Provincial Representatives, the Director, Secretary and delegate responsible for economic affairs, and is chaired by the President of the Provincial Council. There is, in addition, a consultative body, called the Council of Mayors, which guarantees the participation of the delegating Town Councils in the strategies adopted by Suma. 
The name, Suma (meaning addition), seeks to express a concept of integration, accumulation, growth, and incorporation. In line with this name and the image of the two blue squares, it has developed a corporative culture based on the principle of greater service for the rate-payer and greater service for the municipality.
__TOC__
Location..
Suma operates in Spain, more specifically in Alicante, one of the 3 provinces which make up the Valencian Community, 
together with Valencia and Castellon.
Activities.
Suma is the local agency responsible for the application of local taxes in all town councils of the Alicante Province. Suma is in fact an advance shared-services scheme based on the economies of scale principle.
Suma performs an integrated tax management service. It is responsible for the processing of local taxes from the first instance of a taxable activity or property to the receipt of tax payment by the municipal authorities. This involves a number of activities: updating the various payment lists, communicating with customers by issuing bills, collecting the taxes by several means (direct debit, credit card). It is also responsible for the enforcement, from notification to selling assets in auction following legal proceedings of the Taxation Act. Suma can also resolve claims and appeals which arise in the collection process, inspect and monitor the proper declaration and payment of taxes. The collected revenue is deposited in the municipal accounts in a monthly basis.
It has delegated powers for the following taxes and fees:
Collaboration with other administrative bodies..
Suma´s experience in this field has led it to collaborate with Spanish local authorities and other international organizations.
Since 2006 Suma closely works with the Island Council of Gran Canaria in the implementation of a local tax administration system based on Suma model. Also it is working on similar projects with the Majadahonda Town Council (Madrid region), since 2005 and with the Provincial Council of Albacete, since 2012.
Suma has taken part in forums, conferences and international events and collaborates with institutions as IRRV (Institute of Revenues, Rating and Valuation, GB), Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, USA; IPTI (International Property Tax Institute, CAN) and IAAO (International Association of Assessing Officers, USA). Also it has developed in partnership a number of European projects in the field of vocational training under the auspices of the Leonardo da Vinci programme.
Facts & Figures.
"Note: since 1990 to 1993, the name of this public body was Organismo Autonomo Provincial de Gestión Triburaria de Alicante. In 1993, the name was changed to Suma."

</doc>
<doc id="9714690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714690" title="Monilethrix">
Monilethrix

Monilethrix (also referred to as "Beaded hair") is a rare autosomal dominant hair disease that results in short, fragile, broken hair that appears beaded. It comes from the Latin word for necklace ("monile") and the Greek word for hair ("thrix").
Characteristics.
The presentation may be of alopecia. Individuals vary in severity of symptoms. Nail deformities may also be present as well as hair follicle keratosis and follicular hyperkeratosis.
Cause and Genetics.
Monilethrix is caused by mutations affecting the genes KRTHB1 (KRT81), KRTHB3 (KRT83), or KRTHB6 (KRT86) which code for type II hair cortex keratins. The disorder is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. This means that the defective gene(s) responsible for a disorder is located on an autosome, and only one copy of the gene is sufficient to cause the disorder, when inherited from a parent who has the disorder.
Diagnosis.
Monilethrix may be diagnosed with trichoscopy

</doc>
<doc id="9714697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714697" title="Shepherdess Seated on a Rock">
Shepherdess Seated on a Rock

Shepherdess Seated on a Rock is an 1856 painting by Jean-François Millet, one of the painters of the Barbizon school, who reinvigorated the genre of landscape painting.

</doc>
<doc id="9714699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714699" title="Bakshy">
Bakshy

The bakshy are traditional Turkmen musicians. Historically, they have been traveling singers and shamans, acting as healers and spiritual figures, and also providing the music for celebrations of weddings, births, and other important life events. They sing either a cappella or to the accompaniment of traditional instruments (primarily the two-stringed lute called the dutar.) The Turkmen "bakshy" tradition is closely related to the larger Turkic "Ashik" tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="9714713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714713" title="Carlos Diarte">
Carlos Diarte

Carlos Martínez Diarte (26 January 1954 – 29 June 2011), alias Lobo, was a Paraguayan football striker and coach.
Career.
As player.
Diarte started his career in Olimpia Asunción and at the age of 16 he made his debut in the professional squad, helping Olimpia win the Paraguayan championship in 1971. His speed and goal-scoring skills were soon noticed by teams all around Europe, and in 1973 he signed for Real Zaragoza of Spain where he was part of the famous "Zaraguayos" group (a reference to the Paraguayan stars such as Saturnino Arrua and Felipe Ocampos that were playing for Zaragoza at that time). In 1976, Diarte signed for Valencia CF where he would be part of a formidable attacking line along with Mario Kempes and Johnny Rep. Diarte also played for UD Salamanca (from 1979 to 1980), Real Betis (from 1980 to 1983 where he scored 29 goals in 75 La Liga games) and AS Saint-Étienne of France (from 1983 to 1985).
In 1987 he returned to Olimpia Asunción to retire. In that year, he helped the team win the Paraguayan championship. Diarte was also part of the Paraguay national football team for several years.
As coach.
Once Diarte retired as a footballer he became a coach and managed several teams including Valencia CF (1988), Deportivo Alginet, Atlético Madrid B (1997–1998), UD Salamanca (1998–1999) and Gimnàstic de Tarragona (2002) all from Spain; Atl. Colegiales, Guaraní and Olimpia (as assistant coach) from Paraguay. He also managed the Equatorial Guinea national football team before being diagnosed with cancer.
Death.
Diarte died of cancer on 29 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9714723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714723" title="Handi-Snacks">
Handi-Snacks

Handi-Snacks are a snack food product line sold by Kraft Foods. The common two-compartment Handi-Snack has a small spread compartment and a larger compartment for crackers; a red plastic spreader is included with crackers.
History.
Handi-Snacks were released by Nabisco in the mid 1980s and started with a cheese and cracker combination. These products were intended for consumption by grade-school students with their lunches. Nabisco tried peanut butter Handi-Snacks with crackers but later discontinued that product. With the acquisition of Nabisco by Philip Morris (now Altria Group), the products are now sold under the Kraft brand.
Current offerings.
As of January 2010, Kraft offers a variety of items under the Handi-Snacks name, including pudding and gelatin cups. Kraft now offers breadsticks or pretzels with cheese and Oreo cookie sticks and cream cheese in addition to the traditional crackers and cheese. In 2009, Kraft announced that Handi-Snacks pudding would be phased out.

</doc>
<doc id="9714724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714724" title="Paul King (musician)">
Paul King (musician)

Paul Malcolm King (born 9 January 1948, Dagenham, Essex, UK), was a member of Mungo Jerry between 1970 and 1972. He contributed occasional lead vocals, and played acoustic guitar (6 and 12 string), banjo, harmonica, kazoo and jug. His songs on the first Mungo Jerry album and on the early maxi-singles were generally more folksy and lighter in style than those of group leader Ray Dorset, and he was frustrated when his own songs were constantly rejected for subsequent albums.
On the second album, "Electronically Tested", his composition "Black Bubonic Plague" appeared on European copies only, but not on the British release. King recorded a solo album, "Been in the Pen Too Long" in 1972, and left Mungo Jerry shortly afterwards.
He and the group’s keyboard player Colin Earl (born 6 May 1942, Hampton) formed the King Earl Boogie Band with guitarist Dave Lambert, bassist Russell John Brown and washboard player Joe Rush, who had been a part-time Mungo member. Their album "Trouble at Mill" was well reviewed, but a single "Plastic Jesus" was banned by the BBC on grounds of blasphemy. The group disbanded a few months later, and Lambert later joined Strawbs.
King then pursued a solo career, releasing occasional records under the names P. Rufus King and D’Jurann D’Jurann (no connection with the British group Duran Duran), as well as under his usual name. 
King and Earl later formed Skeleton Krew, though in the 1990s they reverted to the name of King Earl Boogie Band. King retired to Cornwall in 1996, though since then he has occasionally joined his colleagues and former members for one-off gigs, sometimes under the name Skeleton Krew or Skeleton Crew.

</doc>
<doc id="9714736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714736" title="The Red Box">
The Red Box

The Red Box is the fourth Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. Prior to its first publication in 1937 by Farrar & Rinehart, Inc., the novel was serialized in five issues of "The American Magazine" (December 1936 – April 1937). Together with "The League of Frightened Men", it was collected in "The Nero Wolfe Omnibus" (1944) by the World Publishing Company of Cleveland, Ohio.
Plot introduction.
Wolfe and Archie investigate the death of a model who ate a piece of poisoned candy. One of the suspects begs Wolfe to handle his estate and especially the contents of a certain red box. Wolfe is at first concerned about a possible conflict of interest, but feels unable to refuse when the man dies in his office before telling Wolfe where to find the red box. The police naturally think that he told Wolfe somewhat more before dying.
This novel presents the series' first instance of a murder taking place in Wolfe's office.
Plot summary.
The novel opens with Nero Wolfe confronted by a client, Llewellyn Frost, who is pressuring him to leave the his home to investigate a crime scene. Frost has hired Wolfe to investigate the death of Molly Lauck, a model who died after eating a poisoned Jordan almond from a box of assorted candies. Frost wants to ensure that his ortho-cousin Helen is freed from the employment of Boyden McNair, the owner of the fashion boutique where Lauck died. Wolfe reluctantly agrees to leave the brownstone after Frost produces a letter signed by the directors of the Metropolitan Orchid Show urging him to do so. Wolfe and Archie subsequently meet and discuss the matter with McNair himself, who is noticeably agitated and distressed by events. 
Following this, Wolfe and Archie interview the other models who were with Lauck when she died, Thelma Mitchell and Helen Frost. They say that Lauck had stolen the box of candy as a prank, but didn’t know where she got it. Although the interview is seemingly unhelpful, Wolfe is intrigued when Helen Frost indicates she knew the contents of the box despite apparently having never seen or handled it. Following the interview Llewellyn Frost, who has romantic feelings for his cousin and believes that Wolfe intends to incriminate her, tries to terminate his contract with Wolfe, but Wolfe refuses to drop the matter without being paid his full fee. Despite the efforts of Llewellyn Frost, his blustering father Dudley and Helen’s mother Calida, Wolfe refuses to budge.
Having heard the news of Wolfe taking the unprecedented step of visiting a crime scene himself, Inspector Cramer arrives to try and find out what Wolfe has discovered. Although Wolfe offers little to Cramer, he makes a suggestion: the next day, Cramer and Archie gather the people of interest in the case and one-by-one offer them a chocolate from a box similar to that which contained the poisoned item that killed Molly Lauck. Making note of who selects what, Archie notes that Boyden McNair’s response is different from the others in that he goes to select a Jordan almond, as the victim did, but then reacts skittishly to the chocolate.
Fearing that Wolfe is about to experience a "relapse" that will draw his attention away from the case, Archie arranges for Helen Frost to come to the brownstone, where Wolfe challenges her regarding her earlier falsehood. Reluctantly, Helen admits that she knew what the contents of the box of candy were, and that the expensive jewellery she wears was given to her by Boyden McNair, who displays a particular fondness towards her. Helen, who considers McNair an uncle due to his long-standing friendship with her mother, believes it is because she reminds McNair of his long-deceased daughter, Glenna, who would have been Helen’s age. Wolfe learns that Helen is only weeks away from her 21st birthday, at which point a trust fund managed by her uncle, Dudley Frost, reverts to her. Wolfe’s interview with Helen is interrupted by Llewellyn Frost, his lawyer Benjamin Leach, and Perren Gebert, another family friend of the Frosts who has designs of marriage towards Helen.
Later, Boyden McNair meets with Wolfe. He confesses that the box of candy had been intended for him and that he suspects that someone is trying to kill him, although he refuses to say who that might be. He declares that he has made Wolfe the executor of his estate, which includes a red leather box that contains information concerning dealings in his past that he regrets. Before McNair can say where the red box is, however, he is suddenly struck down and killed by poison in a tampered bottle of aspirins he has been taking. 
Despite Wolfe's original contract being voided on McNair's death, Helen Frost — who deeply loved McNair as an uncle and is heartbroken by his death — hires Wolfe to locate the murderer. Wolfe determines that the red box will most likely reveal the culprit, and orders it found. As executor of McNair’s estate, he sends Saul Panzer, Orrie Cather, Fred Durkin and Johnny Keems to McNair’s cottage in the country to search the grounds for the box and to keep the police out should they attempt to interfere. Wolfe learns that by the conditions of her trust, if anything were to happen to Helen Frost her inheritance would go to Llewellyn Frost.
Later that night, the operatives at the cottage catch Perren Gebert trying to break in and retrieve something. Archie is sent to collect Gebert and bring him to Wolfe for questioning, but by that point the authorities learn of the existence of the cabin and attempt to search for the red box in it. Archie manages to prevent them from doing so, but is forced to surrender Gebert to their custody. While the police are unable to get any useful information from Gebert, Cramer reveals to Archie that Gebert has been receiving monthly payments of $60,000 from Helen Frost’s trust fund. The next night, after being released from custody Perren Gebert is murdered with a nitrobenzene trap set in his car. 
As Cramer is confronting Wolfe about the case, Saul Panzer arrives with a package that prompts Wolfe to have the Frost family and the police summoned to his office in order that he might expose the murderer. Once everyone has arrived, Wolfe reveals that Helen Frost is in fact Glenna McNair, the daughter of Boyden McNair. It was in fact Calida Frost’s daughter Helen who died years before, but as the fortune that Helen would inherit would then go to Dudley and Llewellyn's side of the family, Calida Frost bought Glenna from the then-impoverished Boyden McNair and raised her as Helen. Bitterly regretting what he had done ever since, McNair proceeded to make his fortune, formed an attachment with Helen/Glenna and intimated that he was intending to reveal to truth; Calida Frost killed him to prevent this. Perren Gebert, who knew of the arrangement, had been blackmailing Calida to keep the secret and intended to use this to force her consent to his plans to marry Helen/Glenna. Calida murdered him to keep him silent. Wolfe produces the red box that he claims holds the proof of his accusations; after she looks inside, Calida Frost commits suicide with a bottle of cyanide.
Afterwards, Wolfe reveals that the red box he used is a mock-up; the real box has not been found. Shattered by what she has learned about herself and her family, Glenna McNair has fled to the country, but Wolfe points out to Llewellyn Frost that the fact that they are not in fact cousins and his newfound fortune should eventually help warm her feelings towards him. The actual red box is eventually found in Boyden McNair’s boyhood home in Scotland with plenty of evidence to support Wolfe’s theories, but as Archie notes, "by that time Calida Frost was already buried".
The unfamiliar word.
"Nero Wolfe talks in a way that no human being on the face of the earth has ever spoken, with the possible exception of Rex Stout after he had a gin and tonic," said Michael Jaffe, executive producer of the A&E TV series, "A Nero Wolfe Mystery". Nero Wolfe's erudite vocabulary is one of the hallmarks of the character. Examples of unfamiliar words — or unfamiliar uses of words that some would otherwise consider familiar — are found throughout the corpus, often in the give-and-take between Wolfe and Archie.
Reviews and commentary.
"The New Yorker".
"The Red Box" was the subject of a squib in the September 28, 1946, issue of "The New Yorker" magazine:
INFATUATION WITH SOUND OF<br>OWN WORDS DEPARTMENT<br>(FINGER-WIGGLING DIVISION)<br>["From "The Red Box," by Rex Stout"]<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at her. —"Page 29."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at him. —"Page 31."<br>He wiggled a finger at Frost. —"Page 34."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at him. —"Page 45."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger. —"Page 51."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at him. —"Page 104."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at him. —"Page 110."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at him. —"Page 130."<br>He wiggled Fritz away with a finger. —"Page 142."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at her. —"Page 144."<br>He wiggled a finger at me. —"Page 193."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at her. —"Page 218."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger. —"Page 231."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger. —"Page 237."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at him. —"Page 239."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at her. —"Page 245."<br>Wolfe wiggled a finger at him. —"Page 255."
"The finical attention of "The New Yorker" magazine" was noted by critic David Langford in a 1992 article for "Million" magazine. "It is my impression that Wolfe never again deployed his wiggling finger so often in a single book," Langford wrote.
Adaptations.
Television.
"Nero Wolfe" (Radiotelevisione italiana S.p.A.).
"Veleno in sartoria" (1969).
"The Red Box" was adapted for the premier program in a series of Nero Wolfe films produced by the Italian television network RAI. Directed by Giuliana Berlinguer from a teleplay by Belisario L. Randone, "Veleno in sartoria" aired February 21, 1969.
The series of black-and-white telemovies stars Tino Buazzelli (Nero Wolfe), Paolo Ferrari (Archie Goodwin), Pupo De Luca (Fritz Brenner), Renzo Palmer (Inspector Cramer), Roberto Pistone (Saul Panzer). Other members of the cast of "Veleno in sartoria" include Carla Gravina (Helen Frost), Marisa Bartoli (Thelma Mitchell), Cecilia Todeschini (Molly Lauck), Andrea Lala (Lew Frost), Aroldo Tieri (Boyden McNair), Barbara Landi (Signora Lamont), Raffaele Giangrande (Dudley Frost), Marina Berti (Callie Frost) and Massimo Serato (Claude Gebert).
"La scatola rossa" (2012).
Piero Bodrato adapted "The Red Box" for the seventh episode of the RAI TV series "Nero Wolfe" (Italy 2012), starring Francesco Pannofino as Nero Wolfe and Pietro Sermonti as Archie Goodwin. Set in 1959 in Rome, where Wolfe and Archie reside after leaving the United States, the series was produced by Casanova Multimedia and Rai Fiction and directed by Riccardo Donna. "La scatola rossa" aired May 17, 2012.
Stage.
"The Red Box" (2014).
Park Square Theatre in Saint Paul, Minnesota, announced in March 2013 that a stage adaption of "The Red Box" will be presented as part of its 2013–2014 season. Scheduled to run from May 30 to July 14, 2014, the adaptation was written by playwright Joseph Goodrich. Goodrich received an Edgar Award in 2008 from the Mystery Writers of America, for his play "Panic".

</doc>
<doc id="9714737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714737" title="Australian Federation of University Women">
Australian Federation of University Women

The Australian Federation of University Women, founded in 1922, is the national umbrella organisation for state Federations of University Women in Australia.
The organisation lobbies the Federal Government on issues pertaining to women in academia. It also organises triennial conferences and awards several fellowships for post-graduate study. It has campaigned for equal pay and employment opportunities for female academics and against gender discrimination in education.

</doc>
<doc id="9714740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714740" title="Argentine PGA Championship">
Argentine PGA Championship

The Argentine PGA Championship is a golf tournament played in Argentina since 1920. It was generally supported by the leading Argentine golfers and its list of champions includes Eduardo Romero (8 times), José Jurado (7 times), Vicente Fernández (5 times), José Cóceres (twice) and Ángel Cabrera. However, the record holder is former British Open champion Roberto De Vicenzo, who recorded 16 victories between 1944 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9714749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714749" title="Nick Strincevich">
Nick Strincevich

Nicholas Strincevich (March 1, 1915 – November 11, 2011) was an American Major League baseball player. Born in Gary, Indiana, the right-handed pitcher made his big-league debut with the Boston Bees on April 23, 1940, played part of the 1941 season with the Boston Braves, played from 1941 to 1948 (excluding 1943) with the Pittsburgh Pirates, and finished his big league career on June 11, 1948, with the Philadelphia Phillies. According to at least one source, Strincevich was selected to play on the All-Star team from the National League, but, due to wartime travel restrictions, the game was never played.
In a 10-season career, Strincevich posted a 46–49 record with a 4.05 ERA in 889 innings pitched. Nicknamed "Jumbo," he was listed as tall and .
Strincevich died on November 11, 2011 in Valparaiso, Indiana. His funeral service was held at the Saint Sava Serbian Orthodox Church of Merrillville, Indiana. He was buried at Calumet Park Cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="9714762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714762" title="Iron chloride">
Iron chloride

Iron chloride can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9714764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714764" title="Speedy Thompson">
Speedy Thompson

Alfred Bruce "Speedy" Thompson (April 3, 1926, in Monroe, North Carolina – April 2, 1972, in Charlotte, North Carolina) was a NASCAR pioneer and driver in the Grand National series from 1950 to 1971; capturing 20 wins along the way.
Racing career.
He made his debut in 1950 and won two of the seven races he competed in 1953 in the #46 Buckshot Morris Oldsmobile (including the 1953 Wilkes 160). Thompson made 15 starts in 1955 and made a serious attack on the Championship the next year, competing in 42 races in Carl Kiekhaefer's factory-backed Chryslers and Dodges, winning eight times and finishing third in points. 1957 saw a switch to Hugh Babb's and his own Chevrolet's and another third place result, only capturing two victories that year. Speedy drove his own Chevy for the entire 1958 season, and another third place was the reward for his four victories in 38 starts.
Another third place in points came in 1959 from 29 starts in a variety of different cars, this time with no wins. 1959 would be his last full-time effort in the series (participating in 24 different racing event including the 1959 Hickory 250) and he left Grand National after the 1962 season, choosing to race at late models at local North Carolina short tracks. He returned to NASCAR's top series, then called Winston Cup, in 1971 for the World 600 where he finished 16th.
Death.
During a late model race on Easter Sunday, April 2, 1972, at Metrolina Fairgrounds in Charlotte, where he started the race despite reporting he was not feeling well, Thompson's car stopped on the track. He was found in his car not breathing, was revived and put into an ambulance, but he died on the way to the hospital, one day before his 46th birthday. The medical examiner said that he died of natural causes, an acute coronary occlusion.
Awards.
He was inducted into the National Motorsports Press Association's Hall of Fame and the Georgia Automobile Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9714777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714777" title="RSV Würges">
RSV Würges

RSV Würges is a German football club from the district of Würges in Bad Camberg, Hesse.
History.
The club was founded on 1 August 1920 as "Fußball Verein Teutonia Würges". By 1922 the club was known as "FV Borussia Würges" and in 1924 adopted its current name. The team made its first showing in the Amateur Oberliga Hessen (III) in 1983–84 and was sent down the following season after losing a relegation playoff to Tuspo Ziegenhain (0–1). They returned to third tier football for a single season in 1991.
A second place finish in the Landesliga Hessen-Mitte (V) and victory in the subsequent promotion playoff elevated the side to the Oberliga Hessen (IV) in 1996 for a two season long turn. After a decade in the Landesliga, RSV Würges returned to the Oberliga on the strength of a 2006 title win. The club also has two Hessenpokal wins to its credit that led to DFB-Pokal appearances in 1981 and 1988. They advanced to the third round in their first appearance before being put out by 2. Bundesliga side VfL Osnabrück (0–1). In 2012 the club decided to withdraw from the tier six Verbandsliga, despite finishing sixth, to the Kreisoberliga.
RSV Würges plays its home matches in the RSV-Stadion Goldener Grund which has a capacity of 2,500 (250 seats).
Honours.
The club's honours: 

</doc>
<doc id="9714795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714795" title="John Romeril">
John Romeril

John Henry Romeril (born 26 October 1945) is a contemporary Australian playwright.
John Romeril was born and grew up in Melbourne where he attended Monash University. His first plays, "I Don't Know Who To Feel Sorry For" (1969) and "Chicago, Chicago" (1970) were written while he was still a student. Since then he has written over forty works including "Mrs Thally F" (1971), "The Floating World" (1975) and "The Kelly Dance" (1984). He has also written for television and the filmscript "One Night the Moon" was produced in 2001. His work has won the Canada-Australia Literary Award in 1976, the Victorian Government Drama Fellowship in 1988 and the Asialink Playwrighting Competition in 2004. From 2004 to 2006 he received an Australia Council Creative Fellowship from the Literature Board of the Australia Council and was the recipient of the University of New South Wales' Literary Scholarship in 2006-7. In 2008 he was awarded the Patrick White Award.
Bibliography.
Plays
Filmscripts
Secondary sources

</doc>
<doc id="9714800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714800" title="Princess Sophia's Precedence Act 1711">
Princess Sophia's Precedence Act 1711

The Princess Sophia's Precedence Act 1711 (10 Ann c 8) is an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain.
It reiterated the Act of Settlement 1701, that the line of succession to the British throne, in the absence of any children of Queen Anne, passed directly to Electress Sophia of Hanover and "the heirs of her body being Protestants". As such, Sophia was heir presumptive, followed by her children. 
This being so, it provided that the formal order of precedence be modified to reflect this; Sophia was given precedence after Queen Anne, followed by her son George; any other Protestant heirs of Sophia were to take precedence before the Archbishop of Canterbury, the great officers of state and the nobility, effectively ranking them with the royal family.
This Act was wholly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9714803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714803" title="Cedarcrest High School">
Cedarcrest High School

Cedarcrest High School is a four-year public secondary school located in Duvall, Washington. It opened its doors in 1993, and is the only traditional high school in the Riverview School District #407.
Academics.
Cedarcrest offers many classes in various areas of study.
Athletics.
Cedarcrest competes in athletics in WIAA Class 2A in the Cascade Conference. 
Cross Country: The girls team qualified for state for the fourth time in 2010.
DECA is the Cedarcrest chapter of Distributive Education Clubs of America. It is an international association of students and teachers of marketing, management and entrepreneurship in business, finance, hospitality, and marketing sales and service (DECA.org) The Cedarcrest chapter's advisor is Marc Hillestad. DECA meets the first and third Tuesday during advisory in Pt 2.in Marc's room. 
GSA Gay Straight Alliance. 
NHS National Honors Society. Members must have a cumulative GPA of at least 3.4 and complete 30 hours of volunteer service.
FBLA is the Cedarcrest chapter of Future Business Leaders of America. The Cedarcrest chapter's advisor is Donna Bielstien. 
FFA is the Cedarcrest chapter of Future Farmers of America. The Cedarcrest chapter's advisor is Sarah Thomas.
Interact
RAK is the Cedarcrest chapter of Random Acts of Kindness. The Cedarcrest chapter's advisor is Peggy Filer.
TSA is the Cedarcrest chapter of Washington Technology Student Association.
Yearbook is the annual production of the Cedarcrest yearbook, "The Howler." The past yearbook advisor was Judy Pierce and the current yearbook advisor is Andrea Descheemaeker (formally known as Andrea Brown) for the past two years.

</doc>
<doc id="9714816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714816" title="Jorge Martinez">
Jorge Martinez

Jorge Martínez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714825" title="Harel Skaat">
Harel Skaat

Harel Skaat (, born 8 August 1981) is an Israeli singer and songwriter. He represented Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song "Milim" ("מילים", "Words").
Skaat has been singing and performing in public since he was a child. At the age of six, he won a children's song festival competition. While still in elementary school he appeared on national television and as a teenager, he was the lead singer for both his city's and high school's bands. During his mandatory duty with the Israeli Defense Forces, he sang in the Communication Corps Band. Skaat's professional breakthrough came when he was a contestant on the second season of "Kochav Nolad" ("כוכב נולד", "A Star is Born"), a reality competition television show similar in format to "American Idol", and finished in second place. After the show ended, he signed a recording contract with Hed Arzi, one of the largest music companies in Israel.
His debut album, the self-titled "Harel Skaat", was released in July 2006. It produced five hit singles, including the romantic ballad, "Ve'at" ("ואת", "And You"), which was the number one song of the year on both of the major Israeli year-end Hebrew song charts. The album has been certified platinum in Israel. He followed up the album with a concert tour, which surpassed 200 concert shows, a milestone in Israeli music.
In early 2008, Skaat and Hed Arzi became embroiled in a year-long legal dispute. Shortly after the dispute was resolved, he entered into a new agreement with Aroma Music and Partner Communications and recorded his second album entitled "Dmuyot" ("דמויות", "Figures"). The album was released in September 2009 and has been certified gold in Israel.
Generally classified in the media as a pop singer, Skaat has been influenced by a wide variety of music, and his albums have featured an eclectic mix of songs, from rock to romantic ballads. His singing and performing talents have been widely praised by critics and Israeli music industry professionals, but his albums have received only mixed reviews. All of the songs on his official albums and EP have been sung in Hebrew, but Skaat has occasionally sung in English and in French in live concerts; he is currently working on a new album, which will be recorded in English. In December 2009, the Israel Broadcasting Authority selected Skaat internally to be Israel’s representative for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. The contest was held in Oslo, Norway, in late May 2010 and Israel placed 14th out of 39 entries.
Early life.
Harel Skaat was born on 8 August 1981, in Kfar Saba, Israel, to a family of Yemenite and Iraqi Jewish origins. When he was six years old, he won a national children's festival competition entitled "A Star for the Evening – Singing Big" in his hometown and while still a child he appeared in an episode of a popular Israeli television show called "Parpar Nehmad" ("פרפר נחמד", "Nice Butterfly"). Throughout his youth, he continued to appear at festivals and television shows, and at the age of 15 he was the lead singer of both the Kfar Saba city band and his high school band. At 18, he sang with the Israel Defense Forces' Communications Corps. Band, where he met and became friends with singer-songwriter, Dor Daniel. He attended Beit Zvi, a college specializing in the performing arts, where he was awarded two of the university's most prestigious scholarships for his performances in school-produced musicals, including the outstanding achievement scholarship and the Sano Scholarship. While still in college, Skaat recorded and released a single, "Ein od Si'kui" ("אין עוד סיכוי", "No More Chance"); around the same time, he competed in a televised talent show called "Ha'melech Ha'ba" ("המלך הבא", "The Next King") along with Ninet Tayeb, (who later gained fame by winning the first season of "Kokhav Nolad"). Rafael Mirila won the competition, while Tayeb finished third and Skaat finished in sixth place.
"Kokhav Nolad".
In 2004, during his second year of studies at Beit Zvi, Skaat became a contestant on "Kokhav Nolad" after a friend signed him up without his knowledge.
He emerged as the favorite, consistently receiving praise from the show’s judges for his performances, which included his rendition of "Betoch" ("בתוך", "Inside") and the Hebrew version of the French song "Je Suis Malade" known as "Bdidut", ("בדידות", "Loneliness"), which he sang in the semi-finals (Ricky Gal, one of the judges on the show, said of the latter performance that it left her "almost speechless"). On his way to the finals, Skaat received the highest votes of each stage he competed, including the semi-final round where he defeated his competitors, including eventual winner, Harel Moyal by a wide margin. The final show generated huge viewer interest in Israel. At the finals, Skaat sang the song "Hinenny Can" (, "Jerusalem, Here I Am") which was originally performed by Yehoram Gaon in the 1971 movie "Any Yerushalmy" (, "I Am a Jerusalemite"). This version of the song went on to top the Israeli Music Channel's chart for a record-setting 80 days. Moyal's surprise win "sparked heated debate in the general public in Israel" and spurred accusations of voter manipulation by some of Skaat's fans. The allegations, which were denied by the producers of the television program, arose in part from perceived problems inherent in the voting system, which allowed for block voting and from online betting taking place before the finals.
After "Kokhav Nolad".
Both Skaat and Moyal emerged from "Kokhav Nolad" with large fan bases and in the months after their appearances on "Kokhav Nolad" they were frequently characterized in the media as rivals in the manner of "Ofra Haza – Yardena Arazi of the eighties" A large part of Skaat’s fan base has consisted of Israel’s youth. He won the "Singer of the Year" from the Children’s Channel three times from 2005–2007 and in 2007, 2008, and 2010 he was ranked number one out of Israel’s Top 100 Stars by the youth magazine, "Maariv Lanoar". 
In the period between his appearance on "Kokhav Nolad" and the release of his first album in 2006, Skaat appeared dozens of times on Israeli television talk shows, and at televised special ceremonies and holiday events. In 2005, Skaat sang in front of an estimated 80,000 people at Rabin Square, Tel Aviv at the memorial rally for former prime-minister, Yitzhak Rabin on the ten-year anniversary of his death. He continues to be a popular singer at holiday events, performing for example, in five different cities on Israel's Yom Ha'atzmaut (יום העצמאות, Independence Day) 2010. He has also taken part in three Festigal children song festivals, which occur annually during the Hanukkah season. At the 2004 Festigal, Skaat competed in a song contest, playing the part of Peter Pan (a character which he told an interviewer that he identified with) and sang the song "Lauf" ("לעוף", "To Fly"). He again finished second to Moyal, who won the contest with the song "I Am Zorro" ("אני הוא זורו"); Ran Danker finished third.
In 2005, Skaat performed in a musical play, "He Who Dreamed" (English translation), based on the last 10 years of the life of Yitzhak Rabin. The cast also included Gila Almagor and Oded Teomi in the title role. In early 2006, Skaat was featured in a unique series of three-minute reality-based segments produced by Cellcom, which was made available for download to its customers, among the first content of this kind in Israel's history.
Debut album.
Skaat released his debut album, "Harel Skaat" (הראל סקעת), in July 2006. Reviews of the album were mixed. A review in "The Jerusalem Post" criticized the lack of spontaneity of the album, and the inclusion of dance-tracks which the critic claimed undercut the singer's talents, but praised Skaat's soothing vocals and his ability to move listeners. In a review of the album for Ynet, Roman Singer compared Skaat to a cultured rose without the thorns. Another review claimed that Skaat was "trapped" singing "romantic stories", but praised his warm singing of "Ve'at", and his singing talents which the writer claimed allows him to "express at higher levels".
"Harel Skaat" produced a string of "chart-leading hits", including "Kama Od Efshar" ("כמה עוד אפשר", "How Much More is Possible"), "Mashehu Mimeni" ("משהו ממני", "Something from Me"), "Kol Hatziporim" ("כל הציפורים", "All the Birds"), "Im Hu Yelech" ("אם הוא ילך", "If He Goes"), and the award-winning, romantic ballad, "Ve'at" ("ואת", "And You"), which stayed number one on the major Israeli music charts for seven weeks and finished as the number one song of the year on the Reshet Gimmel's and Galgalatz's year-end music charts for 2006, and also on the BBC Israeli regional radio annual poll for 2006 ("Mashehu Mimeni" and "Kama Od Efshar" finished fourth and tenth respectively on the same poll). Skaat was named "Male Singer of 2006" by both Reshet Gimmel and Galgalatz. He also won "Singer of the Year" and "Song of the Year" for "Ve'at" in the Music 24 Channel's Israel Music Awards (AMI). In addition, "Im Hu Yelech" was named the best music video of the year by the Israeli Music Channel.
Produced by veteran record producer, Izhar Ashdot, the album was certified gold less than one month after its release and eventually achieved platinum status. (Because of its small market size, the Israeli music industry certifies an album to be gold when it sells 20,000 copies.) The album's commercial success was not only important to Skaat's burgeoning career, but it also proved helpful in launching the careers of three young singer-songwriters, Keren Peles, Dor Daniel, and Kfir Epstein, who each wrote hit songs on the album, and went on to release successful debut albums of their own. Skaat co-wrote one song on the album, "Afilu Shesreifot" ("אפילו שהשריפות", "Even Though it's Burning").
Second album: "Dmuyot".
In early 2008, Hed Artzi sued Skaat for breach of contract, claiming that he had secretly recorded new material for a new CD for a rival company before their contract had expired, and demanding all the recordings Skaat might have made in secret. In court, Skaat denied that he had broken their contract, but Hed Artzi won a temporary injunction against Skaat, which kept the singer from recording any new material. A resolution seemed possible in December 2008 when the Israel Broadcasting Authority (IBA) selected Skaat to be the country's representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. Skaat and Hed Artzi renewed their negotiations to resolve the conflict but when these broke down, the record company contested the IBA's selection, which forced Skaat to drop out. In February 2009, the Tel Aviv District Court granted Skaat permission to return to the studio. (The IBA eventually selected Achinoam Nini and Mira Awad to represent Israel with the song "There Must be Another Way", and they finished 16th in the contest.)
The two parties subsequently reached a compromise and Skaat soon entered into a new agreement with Aroma Music and Partner Communications. Skaat's second album, "Dmuyot" ("דמויות", "Figures" translations of the title include "Images" and "Characters") was released on 1 September 2009. The album contained the hit song "Muvan Li Achshav" ("מובן לי עכשיו", "Now I Understand"), which was released as a single and sold exclusively in Israel at Aroma Espresso Bar's chain of coffee shops. Other singles from the album include "Boi Ha Yom" ("בואי היום", "Come Today"), "Sof", ("סוף", "End") and "Od Ya'ir Alay" ("עוד יאיר עלי", "Shine on Me"). The majority of the album was produced by either Peter Roth or Izhar Ashdot, with a number of young Israeli songwriters contributing songs to it, including Ofer Bashan, Yali Sobol, Ben-Artzi, Sheila Ferber, Kfir Epstein, Didi Shachar, Ilai Botner, and Yoav Degani. Skaat co-wrote four of the songs on the album ("Sof", "Od Ya'ir Alay", "Dmuyot", and "Zippor" ("ציפור", "Bird")), including two which were released as singles.
Although it has been certified gold in Israel, "Dmuyot" did not achieve the same level of commercial success as his first album. The album's biggest hit, "Muvan Li Achshav" placed number 34 on the Reshet Gimmel annual music chart for 2009.
Critically, the reviews of the album were mixed. For example, a review by Yossi Hersonski praised the "beautiful melody" of "Sof" but found the lyrics to be overly-sentimental. In contrast, Hersonski wrote that "Dmuyot", the closing song on the album was a monologue by Skaat with "his soul, confessing his weaknesses", and that Skaat's singing "is very emotional, but more polished this time"
Eurovision 2010.
In December 2009, the Israel Broadcasting Authority selected Skaat to represent Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. The announcement was made at the Knesset, Israel's legislative body. The selection was preceded by several days of speculation and confusion, and followed by criticism of the Israel Broadcasting Authority and calls for an investigation of the selection process. On 15 March 2010, "Milim" ("מילים", "Words") written by Noam Horev and composed by Tomer Hadadi, was selected uninaminously as the Israeli song entry for the Eurovision contest when it won the Kdam Eurovision, the country's pre-Eurovision selection competition. The four songs chosen as finalists for the Kdam Eurovision, including "Milim", were recorded in a studio by Skaat and released on a special EP entitled "Eurovision 2010" At the Kdam Eurovision, Skaat sang "Milim" in Hebrew with the backing of string instruments, but before the Eurovision contest Skaat re-recorded it again entirely in Hebrew but with an altered vocal arrangement and with a full orchestra accompaniment. Because it was known by early March 2010 that the majority of Eurovision entries for that year would probably be sung in English (24 of the 39 entries at the Eurovision contest sang in English), there was some coverage in the Israeli media prior to Eurovision as to which language "Milim" should be sung—Hebrew, English, French, or in some combination of the languages.
Ultimately, Skaat sang the song in both the semi-finals (where he passed) and finals of Eurovision entirely in Hebrew, performing the altered version with the full orchestra accompaniment (although at Eurovision 2010, there was no live orchestra present, which meant that he sang with the backing of a recorded track). To promote the Israeli entry, a music video of "Milim" was released and Skaat also recorded and released English and French versions of the song.
At Oslo, Skaat explained to the press that "Milim" is about loss, such as in a break-up, but that for him, it has a deeper meaning. Skaat said, "this song touches me deeply. My grandfather died just days before the selections in Israel, and this gives me a very deep feeling, I feel that I'm really singing this song for him. He wanted me to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest for five years, and then he got to hear that I was going to take part in the national selection before he passed away."
Despite being listed as one of the favorites to win on several online betting sites, Israel placed only 14th in the Eurovision contest's 50/50-result. Detailed analysis shows a wide difference between the overall voting of the viewers and the juries, both of whom had equal weight in determining the results of the finals. Israel placed fifth out of the 25 entries in the finals with the juries, but only 19th with the televoters. Had it been up to the public, Israel would not have made it past the semi-final rounds, placing 12th in a field of 17 with televoters in the second semi-final; Skaat's strong placement with the juries in the second semi-finals secured Israel's place in the finals. 
In spite of the disappointing results, Israel received something of a consolation prize, as the country swept the Eurovision-sanctioned 2010 Marcel Bezençon Awards, winning for best artist, best composition, and best entry of the contest. It is the first time in the history of the awards, which are selected by the contest's accredited media and press, participating composers, and commentators that a single country has won more than one award in the same year. At the end of the Eurovision contest, Skaat expressed pride and gratitude. He told one reporter, "I’m proud and happy over the performance and for representing . “We brought Israel artistic accolades. It was a fun experience and I enjoyed every minute of it. After all, it’s just sports.” While Christer Björkman, a founder of the Marcel Bezençon Awards awards, stated, "The awards given to the Israeli entry show a virtue of the prize. It reveals something that didn't come across in the vote of the contest... This song is very beautiful, and we've been here two weeks now, but it might be that this song doesn't reach out in the same way the first time you hear it".
Third album: "Shuv Me'ushar".
Skaat's third album, "Shuv Me'ushar" (שוב מאושר, "Happy Again"), produced by Ran Shem Tov, was released on 29 January 2012. Two singles from the album, "Tihye Li Ahava" (תהיה לי אהבה, "I Will Have Love") and "HaMea Ha-21" ("21st Century"), reached number one on the radio charts in Israel. Among the other songs on the album are the single, "Kama Od Drachim" (כמה עוד דרכים, "How Many More Ways"), "Mashehu Tov" (משהו טוב, "Something Good") and "Gibor" (גיבור, "Hero"), a duet with Yehuda Poliker. The album was Skaat's first since he came out as gay a few months earlier and started dating a male fashion model. A review of the album published in NRG Ma'ariv found that despite the big changes in Skaat's life, he still sounded restrained. Three of the songs from the album finished in the Reshet Gimmel's year-end poll of top songs from the previous year (announced on 15 September 2012). The songs are "Kama Od Drachim" (#7), "HaMea Ha-21" (#9), and "Mashehu Tov" (#11). Skaat also was named male singer of the year.
Concerts.
In 2006, Skaat began a concert tour to promote his debut album, performing throughout Israel, including a concert at the Frederic R. Mann Auditorium in Tel Aviv (home to the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra). The tour eventually passed the 200 concert mark, an achievement which has been widely noted in the Israeli media. In 2009 Skaat began a second concert tour to promote the "Dmuyot" album. Reuters' music writer and critic, Assaf Nevo began his review of the launch of that tour by noting that if a computer were to create the ultimate Israeli pop singer it would resemble Skaat, who he wrote combined the charisma of Shlomo Artzi, the star quality of Ivri Lider, the vocal clarity of Izhar Cohen, the cuteness of Evitar Banai, and the sensitivity of Rami Kleinstein. While Nevo viewed Skaat as a good pop singer, he believed that Skaat's music did not extend beyond this genre.
Skaat has also frequently appeared at the Zappa night clubs in Tel Aviv and Herzliya, which regularly features live music from both Israeli and international musicians.
One of Skaat's first major appearances after Eurovision was on 28 July 2010 in Tel Aviv at a tribute to the French singer, Serge Gainsbourg. Skaat had been scheduled to perform at the opening ceremony of the XIX International Festival of Arts, "Slavianski Bazaar in Vitebsk" in Belarus on 9 July 2010, but his appearance was canceled by the organizers two days before the event. The organizers cited a need to downsize the number of concerts as a reason for the cancellation, but Israeli diplomatic sources alleged that the cancellation was due to political reasons and the Israeli ambassador to Belarus refused to attend the opening ceremony in protest.
In March 2011, Skaat took part in a unique collaboration: singing three of his songs live in the Sharon Levi's Barcelona Dance Company's tap dance show, "Fragments", which debuted in Paris.
Musical style.
Skaat has been called a "convincing and captivating" performer and his singing has been described as "smooth, precise, very clean and very clear". In an article reviewing the first decade of the century in Israeli music he was called "the most passionate singer in Israel from 2006–2007". In addition to the criticisms of Skaat's music which has been noted elsewhere in the article, some of the criticism of the singer has focused on his association with "Kokhav Nolad" and the phenomenon of instant celebrity. A 2006 article published on Nrg.co.il criticized the pleasant, but "mainstreamed" and essentially non-progressive nature of the dominant contemporary Israeli pop music, including that by Skaat, Shai Gabso (alternative spelling: Shay Gabso), Ninet Tayeb, Harel Moyal, and other "Kokhav Nolad" graduates.
Skaat has said, "My wish was always to be a singer, and I'm still working on it." Skaat is one of many well-known singers, both past and present, of Yemenite Jewish heritage—a long line that includes Bracha Zefira, Shoshana Damari, Haim Moshe, Zohar Argov, Ofra Haza, Gali Atari, Dana International, Achinoam Nini (Noa), and many others. However, unlike the music of some Yemenite Jewish singers, there have been generally few hints of the distinctive singing style often associated with that culture in Skaat's music. Although Skaat has said that he has been influenced by Rivka Zohar and he has named Rami Kleinstein and Sarit Hadad as two of his favorite singers, he stated in a February 2010 interview that, "I don't think I ever been influenced by someone in specific. I have always listened to so many different kinds of music. I feel as if I have learned from each singer I listened to and still do. From the vigour of the great female singers, through the song interpretation of French performers to the intricate structures of classical music pieces. I find inspiration in them all!"
Skaat was reportedly set to work on a new album, to be recorded in English, the first of his that would be targeted at an international audience. Grammy award winning producer, Narada Michael Walden, who has worked with a number of musicians, including Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey has been linked to the project. However, after the original reports, there have been no major updates on the status of the project in the major Israeli media for some time.
Special recognition.
In late 2009, to celebrate the end of the decade on the Jewish calendar, Israeli radio station, Galgalatz and television station, Channel 24 conducted a number of special polls in which the public selected their favorite songs, singers, bands, and music videos of the past decade. Skaat placed second on the poll for male singer of the decade (after Eyal Golan), while two of his songs, "Ve'at" and "Hineni Kan", placed fourth and 21st respectively on the poll for song of the decade ("Mima'amakim" by the Idan Raichel Project placed first on the poll). The winners and a countdown of the top 20 songs were revealed live on Israeli television at an all-star show on 15 October 2009 at Jerusalem's Sultan's Pool in front of an estimated 8,000 spectators. The concert featured many of the musicians (including Skaat) performing songs that made it on the poll.
Personal life.
In a documentary first broadcast on Israeli television in October 2010, Skaat stated that he is gay. The statement came after years of public speculation about Skaat's sexual orientation and after a controversial public outing by Israeli film producer and gay activist, Gal Ochovsky, after Skaat performed at a July 2010 memorial to mark the one-year anniversary of an attack on a Tel Aviv gay youth center.
In June 2010, Skaat purchased an apartment at one of the Arlosoroff Towers, a pair of planned commercial and residential high rise buildings in Tel Aviv's Ayalon Triangle. Skaat has been actively involved with charities aimed at children with disabilities. For recreation, he sometimes likes to engage in high thrill activities, such as skydiving, bungee jumping, and rafting.

</doc>
<doc id="9714835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714835" title="Coupe de Madagascar">
Coupe de Madagascar

The Coupe de Madagascar is the top knockout tournament in Malagasy football. It was created in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9714839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714839" title="1924 in Northern Ireland">
1924 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9714851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714851" title="Fort Bayard">
Fort Bayard

Fort Bayard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714872" title="Mount View">
Mount View

Mount View may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714874" title="Rott">
Rott

Rott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9714882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714882" title="Neosauropoda">
Neosauropoda

Neosauropoda is a division-level clade of sauropods within Dinosauria, and consists of the group leading to Diplodocoidea and Macronaria. "Haplocanthosaurus" was a typical basal neosauropod from around 150 million years ago, in the Late Jurassic. Many later sauropods, including "Diplodocus", "Apatosaurus", and "Brachiosaurus", were also neosauropods by definition. 
The clade was originally coined by Argentine paleontologist José Bonaparte in 1986.
Phylogeny.
From Upchurch "et al." 2004: 

</doc>
<doc id="9714884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714884" title="Medieval ships">
Medieval ships

The ships of Medieval Europe were powered by sail or oar, or both. There were a large variety, mostly based in much older conservative design. Although wider and more frequent communications within Europe meant exposure to a variety of improvements, experimental failures were costly and rarely attempted. Ships in the north were influenced by Viking vessels, while those in the south by classical or Roman vessels. That said, there was technological change. The different traditions used different construction methods; clinker in the north, carvel in the south. By the end of the period, carvel construction would come to dominate the building of large ships. The period would also see a shift from the steering oar or side rudder to the stern rudder and the development from single to multi-masted ships.
Sailing ships.
Early Middle Ages.
Knarr.
The knarr, a relative of the longship, was a type of cargo vessel used by the Vikings. It differed from the longship in that it was larger and relied almost entirely on its square rigged sail for propulsion.
High Middle Ages.
Trade-Cog.
Cogs were single-masted vessels, clinker-built with steep sides and a flat bottom 
Although the name cog is recorded as early as the 9th century, the seagoing vessel of that name seems to have evolved on the Frisian coast during the 12th century. Cogs progressively replaced Viking-type ships in Northern waters during the 13th century. Why this was the case is uncertain but cogs could carry more cargo than a knarrs of a similar size. Their flat bottoms allowed them to settle flat in harbour, making them easier to load and unload. Their high sides made them more difficult to board in a seafight, which may have made them safer from pirates.
Cogs were also used as military transports and warships, fitted with towers fore and aft.
The cog traditionally reached the Mediterranean in 1304. This led to a Mediterranean variant, the "cocha".
Hulk.
The hulk (OE:"hulc") is first recorded in the 10th century, when it is distinguished from a keel (OE"ceol"), a ship in keeled longship tradition such as the knarr. Although clinker-built, the distinguishing feature of hulks were that they had no stem or stern posts or deep keel, being flat bottomed like a cog. Early images of hulks show them strongly curved upwards at stem and stern.
Hulks continued to be mentioned in use throughout the Middle Ages and into the 16th century, when it is particularly associated with the Baltic and the Hanseatic League. These late hulks could be as large as contemporary great ships. The "Jesus of Lübeck" of 1544 was a ship of 700 tons, the same as the "Mary Rose". However, how similar later medieval hulks were to their ancestors is unknown. There is some evidence of a hybridisation with the cog form, showing both hulk and post construction. Others have suggested that late hulks were partially carvel-built.
Late Middle Ages.
Caravel.
The caravel was a ship developed by the Portuguese and used from the 15th century on for oceanic exploration voyages. Unlike the longship and cog, it used a carvel method of construction. It could be either square rigged and lateen rigged ("Caravela Redonda") or only lateen rigged ("Caravela Latina"). The most famous examples of caravels were the "Niña" and the "Pinta".
Carrack.
The carrack was a ship type invented in southern Europe in the 15th century and particularly developed in Portugal in the same century. It was a larger vessel than the caravel. Columbus’s ship, the Santa María was a famous example of a carrack. The ships commanded by Vasco da Gama as the São Gabriel, with six sails, a bowsprit, foresail, mizzen, spritsail and two topsails, already had the complete features and the design of the typical carrack.
Small Vessels.
A number of smaller vessels are named in English sources of the Late Middle Ages, some of which continued into the 16th century and beyond.
Crayer.
A vessel of 20-50 tons, used largely on the cross channel trade
Hoy.
The hoy originated in Flanders in the 15th. century. A single-masted vessel usually of 25-80 tons used a coaster or on short sea routes, as well as a lighter. The type would evolve in the 16th and 17th, only finally disappearing in the early 19th century.
Picard.
First recorded in the 1320s, the picard was a single-masted vessel of 10-40 tons used mainly as support vessel for fishing fleets, bringing home their catches and ferrying supplies, or as a lighter, loading from vessels at anchor and discharging onto beaches or shallow creeks. A widespread type, in use from Scotland, all round the English coast and across in Ireland.
Oared ships.
Early Middle Ages.
Galley.
Galleys had been in use for trade and warfare since at least the 8th century BC and remained in use throughout the Middle Ages. Rowing was the primary method of propulsion, which was well-suited for often fickle winds of the Mediterranean, where they were primarily used. The galley was also used in the waters of Northern Europe, but to a lesser extent since its low freeboard and lack of stability in rough seas made it vulnerable.
Longship.
The longship was a type of ship that was developed over a period of centuries and perfected by its most famous user, the Vikings, in approximately the 9th century. The ships were clinker-built, utilizing overlapping wooden strakes.
Late Middle Ages.
Birlinn.
In the waters off the west of Scotland between 1263 and 1500, the Lords of the Isles used galleys both for warfare and for transport around their maritime domain, which included the west coast of the Scottish Highlands, the Hebrides, and Antrim in Ireland. They employed these ships for sea-battles and for attacking castles or forts built close to the sea. As a feudal superior, the Lord of the Isles required the service of a specified number and size of galleys from each holding of land. For examples the Isle of Man had to provide six galleys of 26 oars, and Sleat in Skye had to provide one 18-oar galley.
Carvings of galleys on tombstones from 1350 onwards show the construction of these boats. From the 14th century they abandoned a steering-oar in favour of a stern rudder, with a straight stern to suit. From a document of 1624, a galley proper would have 18 to 24 oars, a birlinn 12 to 18 oars and a lymphad fewer still.

</doc>
<doc id="9714892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714892" title="Idiosepius macrocheir">
Idiosepius macrocheir

Idiosepius macrocheir is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Indian Ocean off southern Africa. It occurs in shallow waters inshore.
The type specimen was collected off South Africa and is deposited at the South African Museum in Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="9714903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714903" title="Equatoguinean Cup">
Equatoguinean Cup

The Equatoguinean Cup (Spanish: "Copa Ecuatoguineana") is the top knockout tournament of the Equatoguinean football. It was created in 1974.
Winners.
"unknown winner between 1993 and 1995"
"unknown winner between 2005 and 2006"

</doc>
<doc id="9714961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714961" title="UNROW Human Rights Impact Litigation Clinic">
UNROW Human Rights Impact Litigation Clinic

The UNROW Human Rights Impact Litigation Clinic is a student litigation and advocacy project at American University's Washington College of Law.
UNROW's story began in 2000 when five Texas trial lawyers - Walter Umphrey, Harold Nix, Wayne Reaud, John O'Quinn, and John Eddie Williams (UNROW) - made gifts totaling $2 million to Washington College of Law. For over a decade, that gift has supported student participation in human rights litigation through participation in the UNROW Human Rights Impact Litigation Clinic.
Founded by WCL Emeritus Professor Michael Tigar, UNROW propounds a philosophy focused on providing great autonomy to WCL's student attorneys in proposing and preparing new cases, determining litigation strategy, drafting motions, arguing in court, and traveling internationally, if necessary, to support their clients and cases. The UNROW Clinic has exceptional experience with federal court and international litigation that involves multiple plaintiffs and factual complexities.
Although a WCL program, the UNROW clinic is administratively distinct from the other WCL clinics. It employs its own academic framework, admissions process, and other practices.
Current cases.
International Human Rights: US involvement in Chilean torture.
On September 11, 1973, Augusto Pinochet led a coup that deposed the democratically elected President Salvador Allende and established a military government that tortured, murdered, and disappeared thousands of individuals. The UNROW Clinic brought suits challenging U.S. involvement in human rights violations that occurred before, during, and after the 1973 coup. In 2002, UNROW brought suit against Henry Kissinger, the United States government, and Michael Townley for crimes against humanity, forced disappearance, torture, arbitrary detention, and wrongful death. UNROW won a $7.2 million judgment against Michael Townley for his role in aiding and abetting the torture and assassination of Carmelo Soria.
Townley’s enrollment in the Witness Protection Program, however, hampered efforts to collect the judgment. In the spring of 2007, the UNROW Clinic filed an action to enforce the $7.2 million default judgment against Townley. UNROW argued the case before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in January 2010. In February 2010, the Clinic lost the appeal to compel the Attorney General to disclose Townley's identity and location. During a 2007 trip to Chile, clinic members were honored with a meeting hosted by President Michelle Bachelet of Chile. UNROW continues its work to enforce the judgment against Townley. The Clinic also engages in advocacy and education efforts to promote justice for crimes committed during the Pinochet era and to provide redress to the victims and their families. 
Immigration: Defending United States derivative citizens against unlawful discrimination and deportation.
The UNROW Clinic represents clients in immigration detention, or the early stages of removal proceedings. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has tried to deny the derivative citizenship of two of UNROW’s clients based on the marital status of their parents at the time of their birth. UNROW has challenged this interpretation of an immigration statute as unconstitutional because it confers different rights to children born out of wedlock. In late 2009, UNROW won an immigration court case, in which the immigration court agreed that the client could not be deported because he was actually a U.S. citizen.
In January 2011, UNROW presented oral argument at the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, on behalf of an immigration client appealing a final order of removal. In May 2011, in a split 2-1 decision, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals denied UNROW's client's petition for review. In September 2011, UNROW submitted a petition for a writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court on behalf of this client. The Supreme Court denied certiorari in January, 2012. Due to this discriminatory citizenship law, UNROW's client will never be allowed to return to the United States.
International Human Rights: The Chagos Islanders.
Forty years ago, the indigenous people of the Chagos Archipelago in the Indian Ocean were removed from their homeland to make way for construction of a U.S. military base on the island of Diego Garcia in the 1960s. Chagossian advocacy groups, as well as the UNROW Clinic, argue that this act was unlawful. The clinic engages in extensive work with the Chagossian diaspora in Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
The clinic’s advocacy for the Chagossians began in 2001 with litigation in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia in the case "Bancoult v. McNamara". The plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which dismissed their claims on the grounds that the case raised a nonjusticiable political question.
UNROW’s work for the Chagossians has been unique, partly because of its collaboration with legal counsel in London, France, and Mauritius. In 2008 and 2009, UNROW members traveled to London to attend the launch of the “Let Them Return” U.K. advocacy campaign and at the Law Lords hearing in Britain’s highest court. The Chagossians continue their struggle for redress and the right to return home in the international courts of the European Union and United Nations.
On March 5, 2012, UNROW and SPEAK Human Rights & Environmental Initiative launched a petition to the White House, calling upon the Obama administration to provide long-overdue redress to the Chagossians. Noting the passing of Lisette Talate, an inspirational member of the displaced population, the petition states the following:
By April 4, 2012, the petition received more than 28,000 signatures—that is, well over the 25,000-signature requirement by the "We the People" platform.[http://chagosrefugeesgroup.net/blog/?p=7399] The petition was signed by Noam Chomsky (signature #832). On December 11, 2012, the European Court of Human Rights issued a decision rejecting an application lodged on behalf of the Chagossians. The White House then responded to the petition ten days later on December 21, 2012 without acknowledging any responsibility to the Chagossian people on the part of the United States. UNROW continues advocating to bring light to the plight of the Chagossian people, including writing an article published in "The Human Rights Brief" in Spring 2013. 
After over a decade of issuing FOIA requests to the U.S. Government, in April 2013, UNROW made several FOIA requests to U.S. Government agencies cited as recipients of a U.S. State Department cable discussing the eviction of the Chagossians from their homeland, Diego Garcia. The cable had already received widespread public attention and was published by various public media news sources. The Department of State, on behalf of itself and the Defense Intelligence Agency, confirmed their possession of an identical document, but refused to disclose it and denied the FOIA request. On October 17, 2013 UNROW filed a lawsuit under the Freedom of Information Act against the U.S. Department of State and the Defense Intelligence Agency for their unlawful withholding of the cable. 
International Human Rights: Tamil Advocacy.
In 2009, the conflict between the Tamil Tigers and the Sri Lankan government ended in a devastating battle. The Sri Lanka government had pushed the rebel group, as well as Tamil civilians who were not affiliated with the group, into a small region in northeastern Sri Lanka. Human Rights Watch and the International Crisis Group reported thousands of civilian deaths, as the government indiscriminately bombed the region, and the rebel group did not allow civilians to leave for safer areas. Although there is international concern about the crimes committed by the rebel group, less attention is being paid to those perpetrated by the Sri Lankan government.
On September 22, 2010, UNROW released a new report calling for the establishment of a new international tribunal to prosecute those most responsible for the crimes committed during the conflict. In December 2010, UNROW submitted evidence of human rights violations committed during the armed conflict to the United Nations Panel of Experts on Sri Lanka, which U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon appointed in 2010.
In September 2011, UNROW filed a lawsuit, "Devi v. Silva", on behalf of victims of the armed conflict in Sri Lanka against Shavendra Silva, a former military general who commanded the 58th Division of the Sri Lankan army during the war. Silva and troops operating under his command committed war crimes and crimes against humanity, according to the Report of the Secretary-General's Panel of Experts on Accountability in Sri Lanka.
Government accountability: Private military contractors.
Government agencies, particularly Departments of State and Defense, employ private contractors to perform many functions in both Iraq and Afghanistan, including translators, interrogators and security for diplomats and other important personnel. Despite hundreds of allegations of abuse and aggravated violence, most notably the 2007 Blackwater shootings in Nisoor Square, few have been prosecuted or even investigated. UNROW is working to investigate and document the government's response to these allegations. To this end, UNROW has submitted four different Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests to more than thirty federal agencies. In June 2009, Amnesty International Senior Deputy Executive Director Curt Goering sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder regarding UNROW’s FOIA request project.
In September 2009, UNROW secured the release of 137 case investigation ﬁles from the U.S. Army Crime Records Center, and has since received more documents from the Ofﬁce of Information and Privacy in the U.S. Department of Justice. In addition, UNROW instigated a lawsuit against the Department of Defense challenging the application of its current FOIA regulations as inconsistent with the Act itself. The lawsuit was withdrawn after the Department of Defense agreed to revise its prior determination.
Fighting To End The Practice Of Placing Youth In Solitary Confinement.
Solitary confinement in prisons is a tool for punishment and has been labeled as a form of torture and cruel, inhumane, and degrading treatment by the UN. The use of solitary confinement against incarcerated youth prompted UNROW students to develop an advocacy campaign, which included coalition letters to the United States Attorney General urging the federal government to stop placing youth in solitary confinement, and which culminated in a May 2013 panel entitled “Youth in Solitary Confinement: Facts, Justifications, and Potential Human Rights violations.”
International Human Rights: Coverage of the Rios Montt Trial.
In January 2013, former Guatemalan dictator José Efraín Ríos Montt became the first former head of state to be put on trial for genocide and crimes against humanity by a national judiciary. In conjunction with the Center for Human Rights and Humanitarian Law at the Washington College of Law and the "Human Rights Brief", the UNROW Clinic traveled to Guatemala in April 2013 to observe and provide legal analysis of the trial. UNROW and the "Human Rights Brief" wrote several articles comparing the international human rights standards for forensic evidence and command responsibility to those used at trial.

</doc>
<doc id="9714962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714962" title="Suh Nam-pyo">
Suh Nam-pyo

Suh Nam-pyo (born 22 April 1936) was the thirteenth president of KAIST from 2006 until 2013, succeeding Robert B. Laughlin and succeeded by Sung-Mo Kang.
Personal life.
Suh was born in Korea on 22 April 1936. He emigrated to the U.S. in 1954 to join his father who was teaching at Harvard University. He completed his high school education at Browne & Nichols School before entering MIT as a freshman in 1955. He was naturalized in 1963 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He married Young Suh , and had four daughters. He is now the grandfather of seven children, named Kristian, Nick, Madeleine, Henry, Connor, Jacob, and Maeve.
Career.
Suh began his career at MIT in 1970, where he was the Ralph E. & Eloise F. Cross Professor, Director of the Park Center for Complex Systems (formerly the Manufacturing Institute), and the Head of the Department of Mechanical Engineering for ten years from 1991 to 2001. He was also the Founding Director of the MIT Laboratory for Manufacturing and Productivity (1977–1984), the Founder and Director of the MIT-Industry Polymer Processing Program (1973–1984), Head of the Mechanics and Material Division of the Mechanical Engineering Department (1975-1977), and a member of the Engineering Council of MIT (1980–1984 and 1991–2001).
In October 1984, Suh took a leave of absence from MIT to accept a Presidential Appointment at the National Science Foundation where he was in charge of engineering. President Ronald Reagan appointed him to this position and the U.S. Senate confirmed his appointment. During his tenure at NSF, he created a new direction for the Engineering Directorate and introduced a new organizational program structure for supporting engineering research in order to strengthen engineering education and research and "to insure that the United States will occupy a leadership position in engineering well into the 21st century." He returned to MIT in January 1988.
Suh was named president of KAIST in June 2006, and was re-elected to his position on 14 July 2010. He is also the Ralph E. & Eloise F. Cross Professor, Emeritus, M.I.T. During his tenure as the President of KAIST, he provided framework for two large-scale systems, On-Line Electric Vehicle (OLEV) and Mobile Harbor. However, there were concerns that his policies while president of KAIST encouraged "academic Darwinism" among students. Suh was criticized for decisions to award honorary doctoral degrees to some of the board of trustees of KAIST, which could be seen by some as unethical as the board of trustees oversees Suh's role as the president of KAIST. Out of 16 honorary degrees awarded, at least seven were given to the former or present board members.
Korean Wikipedia article dispute.
The Korean Wikipedia's article on Suh was the subject of frequent vandalism and , allegedly by Suh himself or his secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="9714973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714973" title="Regina High School (Michigan)">
Regina High School (Michigan)

Regina High School (RHS) is a Roman Catholic, private, four year college preparatory high school for girls in Warren, Michigan in Metro Detroit. From the school's founding in 1956 through June, 2007, Regina was located in Harper Woods, but moved to Warren at the start of the 2007-2008 school year. Located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit, Regina is sponsored by the Sisters of St. Joseph, Third Order of St. Francis. The high school is fully accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and is a member of the National Catholic Education Association and the Michigan Association of Non-Public Schools. 
Regina High School began as a dream of Cardinal Edward Mooney of Detroit. This dream was realized when Regina opened in September 1956.
Regina's brother school was formerly Notre Dame High School in Harper Woods, which closed in 2005. Since moving to Warren in 2007, De La Salle has become its brother school.
School rivalries.
The major rival of Regina High School is Marian High School, located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. Each year, the Regina Saddlelites and the Marian Mustangs compete in Powder Puff Football.
Achievements.
The Regina Varsity Softball team, under the leadership of Diane Laffey, have been Division 1 state champs for 4 years in a row. The soccer team were district champs in 2006, 2008 and district finalists in 2009. The bowling team, tennis team, and cross country team qualified for state finals.

</doc>
<doc id="9714977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714977" title="Auldhame Castle">
Auldhame Castle

Auldhame Castle is a ruined L-plan tower house standing on a ridge above Seacliff beach, about 3 miles east of North Berwick in East Lothian, and less than half a mile from Tantallon Castle. The castle was built in the 16th century, probably by Adam Otterburn of Reidhall, Lord Provost of Edinburgh. It consists of a three-storey main block with a projecting stair-tower. Part of a vaulted basement remains, but the upper floors are mostly gone.
One of the three supposed corpses of Saint Baldred of Tyninghame was said to have been buried at the site in 756.

</doc>
<doc id="9714985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714985" title="IPBA (TV series)">
IPBA (TV series)

iPBA was a television program that aired on Associated Broadcasting Company that serves as a sort of recap and analysis show reviewing the week's previous games in the Philippine Basketball Association, complete with top plays and special moments.
The show was hosted by former "Viva Hot Babe" Asia Agcaoili.

</doc>
<doc id="9714993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714993" title="PT Lapindo Brantas">
PT Lapindo Brantas

PT Lapindo Brantas Inc is an Indonesian oil and gas exploration company, initially established as a joint venture between PT. Energi Mega Persada Tbk. (50%), PT. Medco Energi Tbk. (32%) and Santos Australia (18%). The Bakrie family, through its investments, held a controlling stake in PT. Energi Mega Persada Tbk. Lapindo Brantas currently employs a staff of 77 permanent and contract employees and 142 personnel working for the company through a third party contract.
Locations.
It operates in the Brantas Block in East Java, Indonesia where its working site covers 3,042 km2. encompassing two onshore and three offshore sites:
Area-1: Kediri Regency, Nganjuk Regency and Jombang Regency (onshore)
Area-2: Sidoarjo Regency, Pasuruan Regency and Mojokerto Regency (onshore)
Area-3: Probolinggo Regency and Situbondo Regency (offshore)
Area-4: Probolinggo Regency and Situbondo Regency (offshore)
Area-5: Probolinggo Regency and Situbondo Regency (offshore)
As of January 2011, approximately 20.58 MSTB of oil and gas has been produced by LBI from its two productive areas.
CITYGAS.
The 2009 CITYGAS project by Lapindo supplies households in East Java with a steady supply of natural gas through a built in pipeline infrastructure to complement the Indonesian government's policy and gas initiative to reduce dependence on kerosene as an energy source. The project involved a contract with the Director General of Oil and Gas to sell 8MMSCFD of gas to "City Gas" to supply households in surrounding villages of Surabaya and to encourage the switch to LPG.
Lumpur Sidoarjo.
After the Sidoarjo mud flow disaster, Lapindo Brantas took over responsibility in covering the cost of emergency response and victim resettlement, paying more than Rp. 5 trillion (approx. USD 550 million) despite its acquittal as the cause of the mudflow in 2009 by Indonesia's Supreme Court. Uncertainty surrounds the exact cause of the eruption, with scientists and geological experts unable to reach a unanimous conclusion. Some argue it was the result of drilling while others support the theory that its cause was a natural disaster linked to the reactivation of Mt. Semeru in nearby Yogyakarta.
The Constitutional Court may have been influenced by the National Budget which might have to bear a part of the disaster costs. In August 2012, a British team of geologists downplayed Lapindo's argument and concluded that the earthquake was not merely coincidental. The site used a quarter of the standard height of drilling wallpipe, while the earthquake was away. While it could have generated a new fracture system and weakened strata surrounding the Banjar-Panji 1 well, it could not have been the cause of the formation of the hydraulic fracture that created the main vent away from the borehole. No other mud volcano was reported on Java after the earthquake. The intensity of the earthquake at the drilling site was estimated to have been only magnitude 2 on Richter scale, the same as a heavy truck passing through.
In June 2008, a report released by British, American, Indonesian, and Australian scientists concluded that the volcano was not a natural disaster, but the result of oil and gas drilling. Nevertheless, Indonesia's Agency for the Assessment & Application of Technology (BPPT) declared the mudflow to be a natural disaster, contradicting the previous investigation headed by Professor Rudi Rubiandini (former head of the investigative team, established by the Energy and Mineral Resources Ministry). In the previous assessment, he declared that the mud came from human error.
Claims that some mudflow victims have not been paid compensation as promised by Lapindo Brantas is still a matter of controversy due to disagreements over compensation packages and lack of documents to verify land ownership. As a result, mudflow victims often hold demonstrations to demand payments amidst the disaster's highly political climate.

</doc>
<doc id="9714994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714994" title="Poydras Center">
Poydras Center

The Poydras Center is a 27-story, -tall skyscraper located at 650 Poydras Street at the intersection with St. Charles Avenue in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="9714998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9714998" title="Shorley Wall (song)">
Shorley Wall (song)

"Shorley Wall" is a song by Ooberman, released as the fourth and final single from their debut album "The Magic Treehouse". It was released by Independiente in March 2000, and was the band's last release for the label. "Shorley Wall" was originally the lead track of an EP released by the band in 1998. The song charted at #47 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9715034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715034" title="List of sovereign states in 1936">
List of sovereign states in 1936


</doc>
<doc id="9715046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715046" title="Margarida Vila-Nova">
Margarida Vila-Nova

Margarida Vila-Nova (born June 6, 1983) is a Portuguese actress.
She had her first appearances in television in the programs of Filipe La Féria for RTP (1990 - Grande Noite, 1994 - Cabaret).
She received formation in the theater with Michael Margotta (2002). In the salient theater the work with the producer António Pires, in "Death of Romeu and Julieta", based on the workmanship of Shakespeare (Teatro da Cornucópia), "For a Night" of Pedro Neschling (Clube Estefânia), among others.
She was directed by Maria Emília Correia in "Sete Dias" of Simão Labrosse de Carole Frétechette.
Television.
series and soap operas:
In the cinema she participated in about five headings, pointing out "O Fatalista" directed by João Botelho (2005), "O Milagre Segundo Salomé" directed by Mário Barroso (2004) and "A Imperfeição" directed by João Mário Grilo (2001). Awardee with the Honrous Mention of the Festival of Cinema of the Covilhã, in the category of Better Secondary Actress. She has exerted activity as theatrical producer.

</doc>
<doc id="9715048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715048" title="César Vezzani">
César Vezzani

César Vezzani (8 August 1888 – 11 November 1951) was a French/Corsican operatic tenor who became a leading exponent of French "grand opera" through several decades. (Some sources give his date of birth as 1886.)
Career.
César Vezzani was born in Bastia in Corsica; his father died shortly before his birth. Soon after 1900 his family moved to Toulon on the French mainland, but little is known about his early musical training. In 1908 he went to Paris to study singing and was taught by the Corsican soprano Agnès Borgo (1879 - 1958). He then made his operatic début at the Opéra-Comique in 1911 in the title-role of "Richard Coeur-de-Lion" by Grétry. He continued singing there in such works as "Dinorah" by Meyerbeer and Erlanger's "La sorcière", as well as Italian operas such as "Tosca" and "Cavalleria Rusticana".
In 1913 Vezzani and Agnès Borgo were married, and they had one daughter. (They later divorced in 1919, and Vezzani had two subsequent marriages.) Vezzani and Borgo were contracted to sing in the USA (including Boston) in 1914/1915 but were prevented by the outbreak of the First World War. Vezzani was called up and was wounded in action. He resumed his singing career during the later years of the war, but most of his subsequent engagements were in provincial opera houses, especially in the south of France, though he also sang in Brussels. He returned to the Opéra-Comique in Paris in 1921/1922 and probably appeared there again during the 1920s, but he never sang at the Paris Opéra. The ringing and heroic quality of his voice made him an ideal choice for certain heavy and dramatic tenor parts, but he never abandoned some of the more lyrical roles of the French repertoire. 
During World War II Vezzani spent time in North Africa, singing frequently in Algiers. He continued as principal tenor in Toulon until 1948 when he suffered a stroke which left him paralyzed. He returned to Bastia, but now without an income he spent the last three years of his life in some poverty and assisted by the generosity of friends. He died in hospital in Marseille and was buried in Bastia, where a street is named after him.
Recordings.
The potential of Vezzani's outstanding voice for recording was quickly recognised, and from 1912 to 1914 he made a series of recordings for French Odéon, including excerpts from "Pagliacci". "Tosca", and "Werther". Then from 1923 until the early 1930s he recorded for French HMV in arias from many of his favourite roles, including Reyer's "Sigurd", Halévy's "La Juive", and Meyerbeer's "L'Africaine". There was also a complete recording of Gounod's "Faust" in 1930 with Mireille Berthon and Marcel Journet. It is unclear whether and when Vezzani sang Wagner on stage, but he recorded a number of pieces from "Lohengrin" and "The Ring". In total he recorded over 170 sides. Most of these were originally released only in France, but there have been several selections transferred to CD, and a systematic reissue of his recordings has been launched by Marston Records.
Reputation.
Critics have shown universal recognition of the exceptional quality of Vezzani's voice, though they have sometimes expressed reservations about the subtlety of his approach, which was generally robust.
His recording of "Faust" has occasioned the following comments: "Vezzani is a noble representative of that vanished breed, the French "spinto" tenor... Unforced lyricism was not Vezzani's greatest strength... where ringing excitement is called for, his only equals are Caruso and, more recently, Franco Corelli." Referring to his recording of excerpts from "Roméo et Juliette", another critic has said: "He was a real "ténor de force" and still singing well at sixty. There is little nuance here, but the voice is healthy and brilliant, somehow typically Corsican." Reflecting on the fact that Vezzani's career did not take him to the world's major opera houses, another has said: "He seems to be one of those whose gifts exceeded his attainments." The generous attention that he received from recording companies allows later generations to form their own judgments.

</doc>
<doc id="9715053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715053" title="Simona Noorenbergh">
Simona Noorenbergh

Sister Simona Noorenbergh (1907–1990; her surname is also spelled Noorenberghe or Noorenberg, and her original given name was Maria) was a Belgian-born religious leader and community organizer.
She was born in Ypres, Belgium in 1907. She was one of the founders of the small mountain village Fane in Central Province, Papua New Guinea, where she wasknown in Papua New Guinea as "Sister Simona". At the age of 84 she died in an airplane crash in the Papuan mountains on July 5, 1990.
Award.
In October 1989 she was made a Knight of the Order of Léopold II, for services to the people of Goilala and Papua New Guinea as a whole, awarded by Wilfried de Pauw, Belgian ambassador to Australia and Papua New Guinea.
Personal life.
In 1923 at the age of 16 Simona Noorenbergh read a story in a French magazine on Papua New Guinea. She told her parents that she immediately wanted to leave home to live in that country. This was refused. When she became very sick and her parents feared for her life they promised her that, when she got better, she would be allowed to go to New Guinea. Soon she was cured. 
As the only way to get to New Guinea was to be sent by a religious organisation, she studied to become a nun at the congregation "Lady of The Sacred Heart" at Stockel, Brussels. In 1928, after she finished her novitiate she took a train from Brussels to Marseille and then left on a 3 month packet trade ship to Port Moresby where she was dropped off. She arrived at the age of 21 in the Goilala mountains by horse on December 8 in 1928. 
She worked and lived successively in Popole, Ononghe, Bema, Kosige, Boroko, Boregaina, Waima, Inauia and Fane. During many years she was confronted with the dominant disease Yaws, with heavy never-ending tribe wars and with cannibalism. In an interview with Elizabeth Kogomoni-Sowei of the "Post-Courier" in 1989 she mentions smiling that she was asked several times ""to voluntarily offer my body for celebration. It would be considered an honour", "she continues," "to be entirely and literally consumed and eaten, as in certain tribes they believe that then my spirit would stay forever in their village.""
She gained respect by learning several local languages and became a jack-of-all-trades: teacher, nurse, singer, welfare officer, designer of clothes, organiser of primitive hospitals and elementary schools and educational services, and co-founder of Fane (quote Simona Noorenbergh: ""This is where I belong, this is where I'll die.""), the mountain village in Central Province. Due to her respectable age, the local chiefs and people saw her as a guru and "grandmother of all" (the oldest age of Papuans at that time in Papua New Guinea was 50 to max 55 years) and they came by foot from far through the jungle to get her opinion on family issues and tribe problems. 
At the age of 83 she went to Australia to have an eye-operation as she became practically blind. The operation succeeded but she crashed with an airplane when she got back to Fane in the Papua's. Due to a typhoon the Britten Norman Islander light aircraft hit a ridge-top in the Owen Stanley Ranges and slammed into a tree in the rugged terrain of Woitape in Central Province. Noorenbergh, sitting next to the pilot, was one of the 8 people who died, 4 survived. She is buried in Fane where she received a local funeral.
Dedication.
The operatic trilogy "The Accacha Chronicles", a secular, contemporary classical, music drama in Latin about "Death", "Birth" and "Love" by Nicholas Lens, published by Schott Music Mainz/New York, has been entirely dedicated to Simona Noorenbergh by the author/composer.

</doc>
<doc id="9715059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715059" title="Brentwood High School">
Brentwood High School

Brentwood High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9715069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715069" title="1922 in Northern Ireland">
1922 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9715073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715073" title="Bradford Vaughan">
Bradford Vaughan

Bradford Vaughan (born 14 June 1975) is a South African professional golfer. He won the South African Amateur in 1994 and turned professional the following year. He has won eight tournaments on the Sunshine Tour. He has also been a member of the Challenge Tour in Europe and has played in various European Tour events.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="9715083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715083" title="400 Poydras Tower">
400 Poydras Tower

400 Poydras Tower, formerly known as the Texaco Center, located at 400 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 32-story, -tall skyscraper. Built in 1983, this modern office tower features more than 620,000 square feet of office space with an average of 22,000 rentable square feet per floor.
Location.
400 Poydras Street<br>New Orleans, LA

</doc>
<doc id="9715123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715123" title="Rott, Landsberg">
Rott, Landsberg

Rott is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9715139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715139" title="Kato Vlasia">
Kato Vlasia

Kato Vlasia (Greek: Κάτω Βλασία) is a mountain village and a community in the municipality of Kalavryta, Achaea, Greece. The community consists of the villages Kato Vlasia, Menychtaiika and Metochi. It is situated at about 800 m elevation. near the source of the river Selinountas, east of the highest summit of Mount Erymanthos. It is 1 km north of Ano Vlasia, 16 km southeast of Chalandritsa an 17 km west of Kalavryta.

</doc>
<doc id="9715163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715163" title="Bermuda FA Cup">
Bermuda FA Cup

The Bermudian FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Bermudian football. It was created in 1955. it excludes Bermuda Hogges

</doc>
<doc id="9715184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715184" title="Lord Douglas">
Lord Douglas

Lord Douglas may refer to any of the following titles:
See also.
The younger sons of the Dukes and Marquises of Queensberry (and the Marquises of Douglas' sons until 1761) have the courtesy title of Lord ‘'Firstname’' Douglas.

</doc>
<doc id="9715194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715194" title="1949 New York Film Critics Circle Awards">
1949 New York Film Critics Circle Awards

15th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
February 5, 1950<br/>(announced December 27, 1949)
All the King's Men
The 15th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9715206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715206" title="NYCC">
NYCC

NYCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9715234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715234" title="History of media studies">
History of media studies

This article outlines the history of media studies.
Chicago School.
Though not yet named as such, media studies' roots are in the Chicago School and thinkers such as John Dewey, Charles Cooley and George Mead. These authors saw American society on the cusp of positive social change toward pure democracy. Mead argued that for an ideal society to exist, a form of communication must be developed to allow the unique individual to appreciate the attitudes, viewpoints and positions of others unlike himself, and allow him to be understood by others as well. Mead believed that this "new media" would allow humans to empathize with others, and therefore moves toward an "ideal of human society." Where Mead sees an ideal society, Dewey names it the "Great Community," and further asserts the assumption that humans are intelligent enough for self-government, and that that knowledge is "a function of association and communication." Similarly, Cooley asserts that political communication makes public opinion possible, which in turn promotes democracy. Each of these authors represent the Chicago School’s attention to electronic communication as a facilitator of democracy, its faith in the informed electorate, and its focus on the individual as opposed to the mass.
Propaganda studies.
Between the First and Second World Wars, the Institute for Propaganda Analysis briefly rose to importance. Their definition of propaganda was "expression of opinion or action by individuals or groups deliberately designed to influence opinion or actions of other individuals or groups with reference to predetermined ends." 
Harold Lasswell, who worked in the paradigm of the Chicago School of sociology wrote Propaganda Technique in the World War, which included this definition of propaganda:
"Propaganda in the broadest sense is the technique of influencing human action by the manipulation of representations. These representations may take spoken, written, pictorial or musical form."
These definitions of propaganda clearly show that this was a school of thought that focused on media effects, as it highlighted the influence that media could have over its audiences attitudes and actions.
Epitomizing this early school of media effects studies are experiments done by The Experimental Section of the Research Branch of the U.S. War Department's Information and Education Division. In the experiments, the effects of various U.S. wartime propaganda films on soldiers were observed.
Current Propaganda studies are applied into many fields besides politics. Herman described a propaganda model as “a model of media behavior and performance, not of media effects.” (Herman, 2000, p. 63) He argued: “They are profit-seeking business, owned by very wealthy people (or other companies); and they are funded largely by advertisers who are also profit-seeking entities, and who want their advertisements to appear in a supportive selling environment.” He also presented “five factors: owner ship, advertising, sourcing, flak and anti-communist ideology-work as filters through which information must pass, and that individually and often in cumulative fashion they greatly influence media choices.” Until now, there is no conclusion of propaganda, debate still continues.
Frankfurt School and Critical Theory.
Typified by the philosophical and theoretical orientations of Max Horkheimer, Theodor Adorno, Walter Benjamin, Leo Lowenthal, and Herbert Marcuse, the Frankfurt school contributed greatly to the development and application of critical theory in media studies. Their Marxist critique of market-driven media was critical of its atomizing and leveling effects.
The Frankfurt school also lamented the effects of the “culture industry” on the production and appreciation of art. For example, in "A Social Critique of Radio Music", Adorno asserts: “…music has ceased to be a human force and is consumed like other consumers’ goods. This produces ‘commodity listening’…The listener suspends all intellectual activity.”
As the Frankfurt school lamented on the effects of the "culture industry" they also began to identify mass culture and high culture as two distinct entities. Scholars like Benjamin (1936) and Adorno (1945) can be credited with what would eventually become known as popular culture and high culture. Their finite distinction of equating original production with ritualistic behavior as compared with mass culture that finds its identifying symbols in reproductions. These reproductions are souless and lacking in definition and originality.
Media effects.
The less paradigm in media studies since the Second World War has been associated with the ideas, methods and findings of Paul F. Lazarsfeld and his school: media effect studies. Their studies focused on measurable, short-term behavioral ‘effects’ of media and concluded that the media played a limited role in influencing public opinion. The “Limited-Effects” Model developed by Lazarsfeld and his colleagues from Columbia was highly influential in the development of media studies. The model claims the mass media has “limited-effects” on voting patterns. Voters are influenced, rather, through the ‘two-step flow’ model, the idea that media messages are disseminated through personal interaction with ‘opinion leaders’.
The model of limited- effects was so influential that the question of media “effects” on politics was left largely unaddressed until the late 1960s. Eventually Mass Communication scholars began to study political behavior again and the limited-effects model was called into question.
Bernard Luskin has been a leader in establishing the relationship between psychology and the study of media effects. His work includes the identification of the implications of theories such as attention, persuasion, control, color, sound and more as necessary in understanding the study of media effects. Luskin is founder of the first MA, PhD program in Media Psychology and EdD program in Media Studies. The initial programs were started at Fielding Graduate University and now there are a number of programs worldwide.
Uses and Gratification Model.
As a response to the previous emphasis upon media effects, from the 1970s researchers became interested in how audiences make sense of media texts. The "uses and gratifications" model, associated with Jay Blumler and Elihu Katz, reflected this growing interest in the 'active audience'. One such example of this type of research was conducted by Hodge and Tripp, and separately Palmer, about how school-children make sense of the Australian soap opera "Prisoner". They found that pupils could identify with the prisoners: they were "shut in", separated from their friends and wouldn't be there had they not been made to be, etc. Also, the children could compare the wardens to their teachers: "the hard-bitten old , the soft new one, the one you could take advantage of..."John Fiske summarises:
The children inserted meanings of the program into their social experience of school in a way that informed both -- the meanings of school and the meanings of "Prisoner" were each influenced by the other, and the fit between them validated the other.

</doc>
<doc id="9715235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715235" title="Little Cataraqui Creek Conservation Area">
Little Cataraqui Creek Conservation Area

Little Cataraqui Creek Conservation Area is a conservation area located north of the city of Kingston, Ontario, Canada and is managed by the Cataraqui Region Conservation Authority.
The Little Cataraqui Creek flows through the area and a reservoir has been built for water control and wildlife management purposes. It boasts an outdoor centre and houses the headquarters of the Cataraqui Region Conservation Authority. In the winter the conservation area is popular for ice skating, cross country skiing and snowshoeing. In the summer, several day camps operate, and popular activities are canoeing, kayaking and bird watching. Composed of pond, marsh, field, and forest habitats, a diverse collection of animal and plant species can be found.

</doc>
<doc id="9715244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715244" title="Edwin D. Patrick">
Edwin D. Patrick

Major General Edwin Davies Patrick (11 January 1894 – 14 March 1945) was an American general who was the commander of the 6th Infantry Division during World War II.
Biography.
Edwin Davies Patrick, born 11 Jan 1894 in Perry County, Indiana, was the son of John Thomas Patrick and Anna Elnore Menninger, sister of Carl Frederick Menninger, founder of the Menninger Clinic. Patrick was raised in Tell City, Indiana, and was commissioned in the Indiana National Guard in 1915 following his graduation from college. He fought in World War I and participated in the Saint-Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne offensives.
During World War II, Patrick served on the staff of Admiral William Halsey for a brief period and then became Chief of Staff of General Walter Krueger's 6th Army. He was the commander of the task forces in the battles of Wakde and Noemfoor. Afterwards, he was given command of the 6th Infantry Division.
He was mortally wounded in action on 14 March 1945 during the Philippines campaign of 1944-45 while leading his men. He was one of only three American division commanders to die in combat action in World War II. Patrick was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. A Navy transport ship, , was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9715249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715249" title="Thomas J. Devine">
Thomas J. Devine

Thomas J. Devine (born December 9, 1926) in Rochester, New York, a 1949 B.S. M.I.T. graduate worked for the CIA, and was an oil-wildcatting associate of George H. W. Bush. Devine helped Bush found Zapata Offshore in 1953 and he was an unnofficial foreign affairs advisor to Representative Bush in the 1960s. He accompanied Bush on a trip to Vietnam from 26 December 1967-11 January 1968, for which he was issued an interim top-secret clearance by the US Department of Defense. [http://www.maryferrell.org/mffweb/archive/viewer/showDoc.do?docId=12758&relPageId=3 
Devine married Alexandra Mills of Hobe Sound, FL, in April, 1973. William B. Macomber, Jr., best man in the 1946 wedding of Nancy Walker Bush Ellis, was Devine's best man.Macomber's brother, Celanese Corporation president, John D. Macomber, appointed Devine as a vice president (1973).[http://www.google.com/#sclient=psy&hl=en&safe=off&tbs=bks:1&q=john+macomber+%22Thomas+J.+Devine%2C+an+oil+and+gas+consultant%2C+to+fill+a+new+corporate+*%22&aq=&aqi=&aql=&oq=&pbx=1&bav=on.1,or.&fp=e458fcba916dafce
John D. Macomber is the longtime mentor and business associate of Michael L. Ainslie [http://www.google.com/search?tbs=bks%3A1&tbo=1&q=Matlack+lansdale&btnG=Search+Books#hl=en&safe=off&q=mckinsey%20macomber%20ainslie&psj=1&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=N&tab=pw&psj=1&bav=on.1,or.&fp=e458fcba916dafce, second husband of Suzanne B. Hooker, daughter of Edward Gordon Hooker [http://www.google.com/search?tbs=bks%3A1&tbo=1&q=Matlack+lansdale&btnG=Search+Books#q=suzanne+hooker+braga+george+bush&hl=en&safe=off&tbs=nws:1,ar:1&source=lnt&sa=X&psj=1&ei=xoxfTezFBdLAtgf2lNmxDA&ved=0CA8QpwUoBQ&bav=on.1,or.&fp=4d42d5ed5aa1eb1e, the deceased school roommate of George HW Bush and step-nephew and oil exploration business partner [http://www.jfk-assassination.de/warren/wch/vol9/page195.php] George de Mohrenschildt, a petroleum geologist and professor who befriended Lee Harvey Oswald in the summer of 1962 and maintained that friendship until Oswald's death two days after the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. 
Devine's friendship and "close relationship" with Bush Sr. continued as Bush was first made US Ambassador to the United Nations (from 1971-1973), then nominated as Director of the CIA (November 1975). 
Devine first left the CIA in 1953 to go into business. He later rejoined the CIA under non-official cover (NOC) status on 12 June 1963, as a covert commercial asset for Project WUBRINY/LPDICTUM. 
When Zapata Oil was sold, Devine joined the investment firm of Train, Cabot and Associates in New York City. He had no operational involvement in the CIA from 1968 through November 1975.[http://www.maryferrell.org/mffweb/archive/viewer/showDoc.do?docId=12758&relPageId=2] 
Gale Allen, the CIA's Director of Operations, wrote that Devine was the "most discreet and security conscious business contact" he had ever met.[http://www.maryferrell.org/mffweb/archive/viewer/showDoc.do?docId=12758&relPageId=3]

</doc>
<doc id="9715272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715272" title="Morten Jensen (athlete)">
Morten Jensen (athlete)

Morten Jensen (born December 2, 1982 in Lynge) is a Danish athlete. He primarily participates in long jump, 100 metres and 200 metres.
He competed at the World Championships in 2005 and 2007, the 2006 World Indoor Championships, the 2006 European Championships, the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without qualifying for the final round.
He was runner-up in the 2010 Finnish Elite Games rankings, just missing out to Levern Spencer for that year's jackpot.
He holds the Danish record in both long jump and 100 metres. He also holds the Danish indoor record in the 200 metres.
He has been a part of the Sparta teamsine 2005, before then he was a part of FIF Hillerød. His coach was Leif Dahlberg after the 2010 European Championships he change to Lars Nielsen and Anders Møller.

</doc>
<doc id="9715278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715278" title="The Warfield">
The Warfield

The Warfield, also known as The Warfield Theater, is a 2,300 seat music venue located at 982 Market Street, San Francisco, California. It was built as a vaudeville theater, and opened as the "Loews Warfield" on May 13, 1922.
History.
In the 1920s, The Warfield was a popular location that featured vaudeville and other major performances, such as Al Jolson, Louis Armstrong, and Charlie Chaplin. The theater opened as the Loews Warfield, named after David Warfield. It later became known as the Fox Warfield.
New Life came to the Warfield in 1979 when Bob Dylan played 14 shows at the start of his first Gospel Tour in November 1979, and again 12 shows in November 1980 during his "A Musical Retrospective Tour". The Warfield had an appeal as a rock concert venue because it has more intimacy and better sound quality than an arena, yet has an occupancy of over 2000 persons. The venerable hall has been rocking ever since.
Like many historic theaters, its main floor had the seats removed in the 1980s for general admission and dancing. Prior to the removal of the seats, Joe Strummer of The Clash once refused to play unless the first two rows of seats were removed to allow for dancing. It is a favorite venue for performance among many entertainers.
The Warfield served as a home for the Grateful Dead for many years. In 1980, the Dead played 15 sold-out shows there, featuring both an acoustic and two electric sets. The shows were a celebration of the band's fifteenth anniversary and done as a show of appreciation for their loyal fans. These, along with a sold-out 8 night run at New York's Radio City Music Hall were recorded for release as two double albums; one, all acoustic called "Reckoning", the other, electric, called "Dead Set". Jerry Garcia also made the Warfield a second home, performing a record 88 times there with his various side bands, when not touring with the Dead.
On May 9, 1991, Guns N' Roses performed the first of a few "secret warm-up theatre gigs" prior to the official opening of their Use Your Illusion Tour.
Current use as rock music venue.
As is common with large music venues, there are a great variety of musicians scheduled.
In 2001, thrash metal band Slayer recorded a home video there and released it as, "War at the Warfield", in 2003. 
On November 12, 2003, hard rock band Korn performed during a small club tour, which is a rarity for the band.
Green Day played at The Warfield on the 13th October 2005, they played the whole of their American Idiot album from front to back and a number of their previous songs in their catalog and covers ranging from "Shout" to "Blitzkrieg Bop".
The Killers played there on December 12, 2008, after previously canceling their show on November 21, due to an unknown injury.
In May 2008, The Warfield changed management. 
The final show with Bill Graham Presents performance by Phil Lesh ran until 3:30 AM, May 19, 2008. 
The venue was closed pending renovations by new lessee, Goldenvoice/AEG Live. 
The venue was scheduled to reopen in September 2008, with George Lopez to give the first performance.
In September 2011, Dream Theater played their first U.S. show with Mike Mangini on the Dramatic Turn of Events Tour at the Warfield. This was their first show in the U.S. without founding drummer Mike Portnoy.
In June 2012, Above & Beyond brought their Group Therapy show to the Warfield for two nights.

</doc>
<doc id="9715288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715288" title="Abiriba">
Abiriba

"Abiriba" is a town in Abia State, in southeastern Nigeria, traditionally an Igbo speaking region. Abiriba is pronounced [/E`biriba`/] and it is in The Ohafia Local Government Area.
History.
The people who occupy the territory known as Abiriba descended from the Igbo and Efik people of Calabar. They migrated from the upper Cross River area centuries ago led by a Nnachi Oken, from whom the title "Enachioken" ("The Monarch") originates. Initially, they occupied a smaller territory which expanded when the Abiriba people routed the surrounding Nkporo people and took over their lands. The Abiriba people were war-like and quickly established themselves in the area.
The origin of the Abiriba people is not as speculative as the origin of other Igbos of southeastern Nigeria. Historical evidence supports the fact that Abiriba people have common ancestor with the Yakor tribe of Ekoi of cross river basin and the people of Arochukwu. At Ekoi, constant disputes between the seven families under Ukpaghiri prompted the clan to move to Ena and finally to Akpa.
The settlement at Akpa was difficult for many years due to hostilities with neighbors. After the death of Ukpaghiri, Mbiriba and his group moved to Usukpam and stayed there for many years but were never at peace with the neighbors. Mbiriba decided to move to Udara-ebuo whereas Otusi led the other branch of the family down stream and eventually founded Arochukwu. The term Nwajim is often used between Abiriba and Arochukwu people because of our common lineage. Mbiriba who had advanced in age, moved his group once more and settled at Udara-ebuo.
Nature was inhospitable to the inhabitants at Udara-ebuo. There was no water and the place was overrun by monkeys. Oral history has it that monkeys used to visit homes to look for food, and the people became sick living on monkey meat only. Mbiriba died at Udara-ebuo and left his son Ifa Mbiriba in charge.
Ifa Mbiriba finally moved to Uruanta and Agboha and settled there. The new settlement was very fertile and had a natural fortress. Thus, the name ABIRIBA was derived from the name Mbiriba or nickname “Ebiri-Aba”.
Oko Ogo opened Ndi Okogo which is currently where the Chief's Palace "The Agboezi" is situated. Nwagu Ifa founded Okagwe and later Agboji. Ngwu founded Ihungwu. Chukwu Oke founded Amogudu. The name Amaeke was derived from the market day Eke. The Capital of Abiriba is Ameke and the paramount Chief for the whole Abiriba uses the title Enachi-oken.
Incessant conflicts and border skirmishes between the Item and Amogudu led to the creation of a standing army in form of the age-grade system. Historical artifacts exist to support the consensus that the age-grade system started at Amogudu.
Nwagu Ifa, Ngwu, Oko Ogo and Chukwu Oke used the age-grade as a standing army to protect the Abiriba from hostile neighbors.
Geography.
The Abiriba people are known to be industrious both in crafts and trading; their arid lands make it tough for agriculture to flourish. These made them popular amongst the Igbo people of Nigeria. As a matter of fact, in the history of the Igbos of Nigeria, Abiriba is reckoned for her pre-historical black smithing and sculpture artifacts. These ancient occupation of the Abiriba people later on metamorphosed into what is today the trademark of the people - Trading (or better merchandise) popularly known among Abiriba People.
Since the people were predominantly merchants, they were widely travelled both within and outside the boundaries of Nigeria, and they are correspondingly cosmopolitan. Being so exposed and prosperous, the people have enough information about vogue and money that made them transform their locality from the normal village setting, as is common with the surrounding villages, to a model sub-urban but purely residential setting with some of the most exotic building in the Igbo land, even in Nigeria as a whole. The Abiriba people take great pride in the serenity and aesthetic value of their landscape, consequently shunning attempts by government or individuals to set up factories in the town, and seeing same as attempts to "pollute" their land. In 1959, the late President of Nigeria, The Rt Honourable Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe was so taken in by the beauty of Abiriba that he called it the "Small London" - a name in use till date and forever.
Cuisine.
Abiriba is known for some of its unique dishes. Among other foods such as rice, yam, beans, and garri (cassava), "Asusu" is a very common dish among the Abiriba people. It is made of corn starch, ground with salt and pepper, wrapped with a local leave call akwukwo-asusu and steamed with water covering all the raps. Asusu is eaten with a popular vegetable soup called Ugboghor. "Oto" (ground water-yam porridge) is also very popular among the Ebiriba people.
Government.
Abiriba is made up of three main villages: Ameke, Agboji, & Amogudu. Abiriba is governed using a monarchichal system. The "Eze" (The King or Monarch) is called Enachioken. The people of Abiriba have experienced little direct impact of the government in their development and governance except in very recent times. In the instances when government has actively involved itself in the life of the town, there is a consensus that the effects have been rather minimal and in some cases detrimental. Abiriba has a well-developed and active Age-Grade system, in fact, one of the most effective ones in Igbo land. Some Age-Grades include: Akahaba, Erinma I & II, Ekpankuma I & II, Onyiba, Egwuena, Ojighiri, Isimini, Okezie etc., Amogudu people starts age grade and are the founders of age grade,they as well give the age grade's name & they have the right to change the name based on the achievement of the age grade. which maintain offices in all countries of the world where Abiriba people reside. These Age Grades have been the main agents of development in the town, especially those in the diaspora. They also play the traditional role of policing the community and punishing offenders, regardless of age and status. It is often witnessed where a notable and wealthy member of an Age Grade is whipped publicly due to an offense.The Enachioken of Abiriba is what the Abiriba Royals called ekwu-eto, consisting of Eze Ameke, as leader (known as Enachioken)Eze Agboji (known as Iffa)Eze Amogudu (known as Ukpaghari and Eze Otisi Abiriba). The current (from 2000 - )Enachioken is HRM Eze Kalu Kalu Ogbu who ascended the throne of his fore fathers after the death of the last occupant Late Eze U.U. Ukiwe. The Ezeship (Monarchy) is hereditary and rotates within the royal families that have the birth-rights of producing the Enachioken. Ndi Ogogo (now known as Nde ogo) is where the palace of the Enachioken is situated; the other two compounds that make up the ruling compound Amaelunta-Umueso viz, Ndi Ekpe and Ndi Mbaku, are in Amaeke. In Amogudu there are Nde Agwu, Nde Ebe and Amelu. Amelu comprises four compounds, of which only Nde Aso rules; it goes only to the family of Late Eze Mang Dieke and Agboji. They have their own traditional functions distinct from producing the Enachioken.
Naming traditions.
Common Abiriba names include: Kalu, Nnanna, Nnenna "Nina", Ndukwo, Agwu, Oyediya, Ogbonnaya, etc. It is a common Abiriba naming tradition for parents to name their first son after the father's father and the first daughter after the father's mother.
Naming traditions are paternal-oriented, Abiriba is a matrilineal society: descent and inheritance are traced through the mother's family.
The Big Achi Tree.
At the heart of Abiriba —the very center of the town—is a large, ancient tree "Okpu Achi" (Achi tree). The tree is both symbolic and spiritual in nature; and many believe that in the event of its fall, water from Okpu Achi would engulf the entire Abiriba land. Legend also has it that the Ishimokoto River is so mystical that when foreigners tried to leave town with a bottle of water from the river—the bottle broke apart and the water flew miles back to the river.
References.
<http://www.abiribaenachioken.com/?id=29>

</doc>
<doc id="9715305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715305" title="Coupe de la Martinique">
Coupe de la Martinique

The Coupe de la Martinique is the top knockout tournament of Martinique football. It was created in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="9715312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715312" title="Benson Tower (New Orleans)">
Benson Tower (New Orleans)

Benson Tower (formerly Dominion Tower and the CNG Tower), located at 1450 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 26-story, -tall skyscraper. The building was purchased by New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson on September 15, 2009 and renamed the Benson Tower. In 2012, Ochsner Health System moved executives and as many as 750 administrative employees to the top four floors as well as the 2nd and 3rd floor space with balconies overlooking Champions Square and the Mercedes-Benz Superdome; second floor space is utilized for Benson's television station, Fox affiliate WVUE (Channel 8) for the station's morning newscast, sporting events and by lease for other parties. According to Corporate Realty, which leases the 487,760-square foot building, as of August 2012, Benson Tower is more than 97.6% leased.
Location.
1450 Poydras Street<br>New Orleans, LA
It is part of a complex of connected buildings which includes the Louisiana Superdome, 1250 Poydras Plaza, Entergy Tower, and the Hyatt Regency New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="9715322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715322" title="Motion Computing">
Motion Computing

Motion Computing is a developer of slate Tablet PC computers located in Austin, Texas. Motion Computing focuses on vertical markets such as healthcare and government, though they have released home-oriented systems like their M-series which was also sold through Gateway Inc. Their first slate, the M1200, was released on November 7, 2002.
On January 5, 2011, Motion Computing announced the Intel Atom "Oak Trail"-powered CL900 running Windows 7, a fully rugged 10" screen ultra-light Tablet PC, weighing 2.1 pounds and costing around $1,000.
Products.
In 2011, Motion Computing's tablet computer models were the C5v, F5v, J3500, and CL900. The C5v is targeted for use in the healthcare industry, while the rugged and fully sealed F5v and J3500 (wide screen) are targeted for field service, construction, inspector/appraiser or any market where mobile users spend time computing while walking or standing. Separate keyboards that can be connected over USB, Bluetooth or a proprietary dock connector are available for all models. Other options available include a bar-code reader, an RFID reader, a digital camera, and a clinical cart ("Motion Clinical Workstation"). All models offer an optional integrated wireless network using Gobi 2000 technology, allowing for Internet access on either HSPA or CDMA2000 EV-DO networks.

</doc>
<doc id="9715323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715323" title="Dolphin Blue">
Dolphin Blue

"Dolphin Blue" is a song by Ooberman, released as their first single after being dropped by Independiente earlier in the year. It charted at #83 on the UK Singles Chart.
7" B-side "Danny Boy" was a live recording of a track originally featured on their "Tears from a Willow" single.

</doc>
<doc id="9715327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715327" title="John Metgod">
John Metgod

Johannes Antonius Bernardus "John" or "Johnny" Metgod (born 27 February 1958 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a retired Dutch footballer.
Playing career.
Club career.
Playing as a defender, Metgod started his professional career in the 1970s playing for HFC Haarlem. After one season with Haarlem, Metgod moved to play for AZ Alkmaar, spending six years at the club, including their UEFA Cup final defeat against English side Ipswich Town, during which he scored a goal in the 4–2 second leg win.
In 1982, Metgod moved to Spain to play for Real Madrid. He then moved to England in 1984 to sign for Nottingham Forest, where he was a regular player for three seasons before signing for Tottenham Hotspur in 1987. He spent just one season with the North London club before he moved back to the Netherlands, where he signed for Feyenoord. He spent six years at Feyenoord before finally retiring as a player in 1994.
International career.
During his career Metgod obtained 21 caps for the Netherlands national football team, scoring four goals. He was noted for his stunning free-kicks, particularly during his spell at Nottingham Forest.
Coaching.
After retiring Metgod became a coach, working for Excelsior Rotterdam and Feyenoord.
On 11 November 2008, Metgod was appointed first-team coach by Portsmouth, but left the club on 8 February 2009 when manager Tony Adams was sacked.
On 21 May 2009, Metgod was appointed as a first-team coach at Derby County, but left the club in October 2013 along with the rest of the coaching staff, following the dismissal of manager Nigel Clough.
Family.
Metgod's son, Dimitri, is also a professional footballer, playing as midfielder, whereas John's younger brother, Edward, is a retired goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="9715336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715336" title="Midnight Train">
Midnight Train

Midnight Train may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9715338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715338" title="Union for the Public Domain">
Union for the Public Domain

The Union for the Public Domain (UPD) was started in 1996 as a non-profit citizens group.
The stated mission of the UPD is to protect and enhance the public domain in matters concerning intellectual property. The UPD is a membership organization, attempting to act as an independent voice on intellectual property issues.
Notable members of the UPD Board include Richard Stallman founder of the GNU project and Michael Davis, a Senior Fellow at the Center for the Study of Ethics in the Professions at Illinois Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="9715344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715344" title="Bill Geist">
Bill Geist

William "Bill" Geist (born May 10, 1945) is an American author, columnist, and television journalist.
Early life.
Geist was born in Champaign, Illinois, and graduated from Champaign Central High School. He served in the United States Army as a combat photographer with the First Infantry Division in Vietnam,where he was awarded the Bronze Star. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, graduating with a BA Communications (1968), and the University of Missouri, graduating with an MA in Communications (1971). 
Career.
Geist began his career in 1972 when he joined the "Chicago Tribune"'s Suburban Trib subsidiary, where he worked as a reporter and columnist until 1980. From 1980 until 1987, he was a "New York Times" columnist; his "About New York" column appeared twice a week during this time. In August 1987, he joined CBS as a correspondent, where he contributed to "CBS Evening News", "60 Minutes II" and CBS Sports. He appears regularly on "CBS Sunday Morning" hosted by Charles Osgood, where he offers the Everyman's perspective on American pop culture and current events.
Geist is the bestselling author of a number of books including:
Awards and honors.
Geist won an Emmy Award in 1992 and 2005. In 2011, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In 2005, Geist was the commencement speaker at the University of Illinois.
Personal life.
Geist and his wife Jody, who were married in June 1970, live in New York City and have two children: Willie Geist, a television personality on NBC and MSNBC, and Libby Geist Wildes, a two-time Peabody Award-winning documentary film producer at ESPN. 
On July 1, 2012, Geist confirmed on "CBS Sunday Morning" that he has Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="9715347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715347" title="Omer Reingold">
Omer Reingold

Omer Reingold () is a faculty member of the Foundations of Computer Science Group at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel. He received the 2005 Grace Murray Hopper Award for his work in finding a deterministic logarithmic-space algorithm for ST-connectivity in undirected graphs. He, along with Avi Wigderson and Salil Vadhan, won the Gödel Prize (2009) for their work on the zig-zag product.

</doc>
<doc id="9715359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715359" title="William McMurdo">
William McMurdo

Sir William Montagu Scott McMurdo KCB (30 May 1819 – 2 March 1894) was a British army officer who rose to the rank of general. He saw active service in India, helped to run a military railway in the Crimean War and then managed various groups of volunteers working with the army. He was eventually knighted.
Biography.
He was the son of Lieutenant-Colonel Archibald McMurdo of Loch Arthur, Kirkcudbrightshire and commissioned in the 8th Foot in 1837. In 1841 he became lieutenant in the 22nd Foot which went to India that year. There he served under Sir Charles Napier and in 1843 was involved in the battles of Miani and Hyderabad. In the latter he was wounded and also mentioned in dispatches. Later that year he was promoted to captain in the 28th Foot but then transferred to the 78th Highlanders. In 1844 he married Napier's daughter. When Napier returned to India in 1849, McMurdo went with him as his aide-de-camp.
In 1853 he was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and acted as assistant adjutant-general in Dublin. The following year he was appointed director-general of the newly formed Land Transport Corps and went to Crimea to assist in running the Grand Crimean Central Railway. He eventually took it over from the contractors Peto, Brassey and Betts. He received from the French the Légion d'honneur (fourth class) and from the Turks the Mejidiye (fourth class). After the end of the Crimean War the Land Transport Corps was converted into the Military Train in 1857 and McMurdo was made its colonel-commander. From 1860 he became involved with the volunteers working with the army and became the inspector-general of volunteers. In 1865 he established the Engineer and Volunteers Staff Corps. He also became the colonel of the Inns of Court Volunteers and of the Engineer and Volunteers Staff Corps.
From 1866 to 1870 he commanded a brigade in the Dublin district, then in the Rawalpindi district in Bengal from 1870 to 1873. He was promoted major-general in 1868, lieutenant-general in 1876 and general in 1878. He was colonel of the 69th Foot in 1876, then transferred to the 15th Foot in 1877 and the 22nd Foot (Cheshire Regiment) in 1888. In 1881 he was made KCB and subsequently GCB in 1893. 
He was a councillor of the Oxford Military College in Cowley and Oxford Oxfordshire from 1876-1894. He died in Nice in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="9715385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715385" title="Railroad Flat">
Railroad Flat

Railroad Flat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9715387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715387" title="Jim Marcus">
Jim Marcus

James (Jim) Marcus (born March 22, 1966) is a musician, artist, political activist, and respected typographer who is best known for his work as the lead singer and founder of the Industrial band Die Warzau. He is credited as engineer, remixer, vocalist, songwriter, percussionist, drummer, bass player, pianist, keyboardist or artist on albums by Die Warzau, GoFight, Sister Machine Gun, Björk, Pigface, Revenge, Pansy Division, The Swans, Haloblack, Chris Connelly, KMFDM, Skrew, Machines of Loving Grace, Stabbing Westward, Gravity Kills, Everplastic, Screaming Rachel, Dessau, Chemlab, The Final Cut, Testify, Mindfunk, Little Louis and various other artists across many different genres. His work can be heard on some of the most popular tracks by many of these groups, such as the Pigface's "Asphole", "Aboriginal", "Steamroller", etc., KMFDM's "Light", Sister Machine gun's "Wired", "Lung", "Nothing", etc.
Die Warzau.
In the late eighties, Jim Marcus and his partner Van Christie were working as individual performance artists in Chicago, Illinois. Their early shows as the band kept their performance art roots and were less about music than destruction and visual mayhem, garnering attention from fans,members of the press, and police officers. Fiction Records, distributed in the United States by Polygram and at the time serving as home to bands like The Cure and Eat, added Die Warzau to its roster after a particularly destructive show created a minor PR blitz in the city. In 1988 the band’s first single, “I’ve Got to Make Sense,” reached number twenty-three on Billboard’s dance chart and topped college club charts across the country. Their next single “Land of the Free” climbed to the top spot on the Billboard dance charts and stayed on the import charts for a record thirty-six weeks (since Fiction was an English label, the record was an import release).
Despite a racy video that was banned on major media outlets and only played in clubs after midnight, the next single, “Welcome to America,” reached the number twelve spot on the Billboard dance charts.Later releases have gotten various degrees of play on various stations and channels. Songs such as Funkopolis, Red all over, Liberated, and All Good Girls mystify straightforward musical consumers even while becoming commonplace on dancefloors. The band is well known for its lack of subscription to any particular musical genre and refusal to accept label-level censorship.
Marcus has worked with all sorts of artists as well, outside of the band, including the Supergroup Pigface. On the Invisible Records Website, Martin Atkins says this:
"Notes from thee Underground - A wide array of participants, as Pigface began to pick up steam. Louis Svitek of Ministry, Jim Marcus of Die Warzau, Ogre, Genesis, Flea for fuck's sake!
"I think one of the landmark tracks on Notes... has to be Asphole. The Pigface experience on every level, in multicolored 3D scratch-and-sniff (and then wish you hadn't). Originally called Taiko, it was just a mad, mad, afternoon out at Halsted St.'s Chicago Trax. We hired 6 Taiko drummers to ceremonially perform in the big live room, along with a backing track we created. Jim Marcus (of Die Warzau) was instrumental and catalystic in the tracks inception. I remember sitting back in one of the chairs (that always seemed to be broken) watching all these guys hammering away on the huge drums, and thinking how lucky I was to be enjoying this moment."
Politics.
He leans politically far to the left and has been an outspoken proponent of gay rights and civil disobedience (Die Warzau's first t-shirt released for the album "convenience" had the slogan "Gay Soldiers Died, Too" on the front). He is well known for not playing shows sponsored by alcohol or tobacco companies and openly advocating that young men not register for the war, which Marcus considers illegal. He has spoken out openly against the death penalty and organized religion and, in the early Nineties collected 1200 signatures urging the Pope of the Catholic Church to disband the church due to offenses against human dignity. He is a proponent of sex education as a means to promote consensuality and safety. In March 2011 he was in the news for performing a live sex demonstration in front of a college level human sexuality class at Northwestern University in order to showcase the reality of Female vaginal g-spot orgasm. Using a mechanical device he stimulated a female participant, giving her a g-spot orgasm. While no member of the class complained, some individuals outside the class alerted the media and made it an issue.
Discography (incomplete).
1989 Disco Rigido (Die Warzau), Polygram/Fiction
1991 Big Electric Metal Bass Face (Die Warzau), Atlantic
1994 Engine (Die Warzau), WaxTrax!/TVT
2004 Convenience (Die Warzau), Pulseblack Records
2006 Supergangbang (Die Warzau), Pulseblack Records (unreleased as of 12/31/09)
2007 Wonderland (Solo), Pulseblack Records (unreleased as of 12/31/09)
2008 Vinyl 88 (Die Warzau), Pulseblack Records
2010 Borghild (Die Warzau), Pulseblack Records (Promo Only Release)
Typography.
He has designed over 100 commercially available typefaces for various foundries, but has a concentration of work available through T26, a font foundry in Chicago founded by Carlos Segura of Segura Inc. he has been involved with since its inception in 1992. His designs, including such staple designer fonts as Aquiline, Lassigue D'Mato, and Prophecy are visible most notably in bookstores across many different covers. He is credited with being one of the first "grunge" typographers, developing fonts such as Escalido, Glue, Airflo and Toreador, that encouraged artists to step outside of comfortable design approaches and develop more uniquely troubled and chaotic works. His typefaces are used generously by artists such as Dave McKean, whose work mixes multiple media and is a good example of this sort of chaotic refinement of artistic energy.

</doc>
<doc id="9715392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715392" title="Cathy Scott">
Cathy Scott

Cathy Scott (born in 1950s in San Diego, United States) is a "Los Angeles Times" bestselling American true-crime writer and investigative journalist best known for penning the biographies and true crime books "The Killing of Tupac Shakur" and "The Murder of Biggie Smalls", both bestsellers in the United States and United Kingdom. She grew up in La Mesa, California and later moved to Mission Beach, California, where she was a single parent to a son, Raymond Somers Jr. Her hip-hop books are based on the drive-by shootings that killed the rappers six months apart in the midst of what has been called the West Coast-East Coast war. Each book is dedicated to the rappers' mothers.
Life.
Scott attended Helix High School. In 1970 she graduated from Grossmont Community College. Twenty years later in 1990 she graduated with a bachelor's degree from the University of Redlands.
Scott is the daughter of the late author Eileen Rose Busby, and the late James (Jim) Scott, a Senior Olympics winner who helped pioneer and develop the game of racquetball. She is the granddaughter of California artist Esther Rose and Frank Rose (a sports writer at the Two Harbors, Minnesota, newspaper in the 1920s), and the niece of the late Russian Orthodox Hieromonk Father Seraphim Rose. Her brother is scientist and author Dr. J. Michael Scott. Her twin sister is expert Cordelia Mendoza.
She was married to Raymond Somers with whom she has son Raymond Jr.
Career.
Scott, who wrote poetry as a teenager and worked on the Helix High School yearbook her senior year. Her first full-time newspaper position was as a reporter for the "Beach & Bay Press" in Mission Beach and Pacific Beach in 1987. She also freelanced for the "Mira Mesa Scripps Ranch Sentinel". She then became business editor of the "La Jolla Light" weekly newspaper, after winning a Best of Show journalism award out of 1,200 entries from the San Diego Press Club, then moved to a daily paper, the "Vista Press", in North San Diego County. She left the paper to string as a correspondent for the Associated Press and "The San Diego Union-Tribune". While reporting in San Diego, she was a member of the San Diego Press Club.
She moved in 1993 to the Mojave Desert as a crime beat reporter for the "Las Vegas Sun", where she worked until 1998, and then freelanced for the "New York Times", Reuters news service and wrote true crime books and biographies. While still at the "Sun" in 1997, her first book, "The Killing of Tupac Shakur", was released. Huntington Press released the book on the first anniversary of Shakur's death by issuing a 25,000-copy first printing, according to "Publishers Weekly", with a second edition released in 2002.
From 2005 through 2007, Scott wrote a column titled "Crime & Punishment" for the alternative weekly "Las Vegas CityLife".
Scott's article that was first published in "George magazine" was included in the 2005 anthology "", a compilation of national magazine writers released by Plexus Publishing. She contributed to two other anthologies, "The Big Book of Social Media" (Yorkshire Publishing 2010) and "Masters of True Crime" (Prometheus Books 2012).
In January 2011, Anderson Cooper 360°'s blog included Scott in an update on the Tupac and Smalls cases, quoting her as saying "the failure to secure the actual scene of the shooting and interview witnesses immediately doomed the investigation."
She has coached writers, including at the Flathead River Writers Conference in Montana and San Diego State University's Writers' Conference.
Her sixth book, "Pawprints of Katrina: Pets Saved and Lessons Learned", with photos by Clay Myers and a foreword by actress Ali MacGraw, was a result of Scott's nearly four months on the Gulf Coast writing about the largest rescue of animals in U.S. history. Her seventh book, "The Rough Guide to True Crime", a title in Rough Guides' series of books, was released in August 2009 and featured at BookExpo America 2009.
She was a participant in the 2008 National Book Festival, sponsored by the Library of Congress and hosted by First Lady Laura Bush, on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. She was a speaker at the 2011 No More Homeless Pets National Conference. and at the 2012 Vegas Valley Book Festival.
Scott taught journalism and advanced magazine writing for five years at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas's School of Journalism until September 2005 when she traveled to New Orleans as an embedded reporter for Best Friends Animal Society to cover animal rescues in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina for its magazine and Web site. When she returned, she hired on with Best Friends as a staff writer. She sat as the Nevada State Sunshine Chair for 10 years until 2007 and on the Society of Professional Journalists' Sunshine Committee.
Her work has appeared in "The New York Times", "New York Times Magazine", "New York Post", "George" magazine, "Los Angeles Times", "The Christian Science Monitor," "San Diego Union-Tribune" and "Las Vegas Sun".
On KTTV's "Good Day L.A." in March 2013, Scott discussed the verdict against chef David Viens in the disappearance of his wife Dawn.
Scott appeared twice on the public access TV show "Connie Martinson Talks Books" in January 2003 to talk about the unsolved killing of Susan Berman and her book "Murder of a Mafia Daughter" and in November 2000 to discuss rapper The Notorious B.I.G. and the book "The Murder of Biggie Smalls". She has appeared on three Oxygen network "Snapped" segments about murder cases involving women and on "Unsolved Mysteries" about the Tupac Shakur investigation. In 2010, she appeared in the Discovery Channel's documentary, "On the Case with Paula Zahn: Death in the Desert" about the Ted Binion trial.
With the 2003 release of "Murder of a Mafia Daughter", "Las Vegas CityLife" newspaper named it "Pick of the Week" in February of that year.
Her eighth book, "The Millionaire's Wife", about the 1990 contract murder of businessman George Kogan, was released by St. Martin's Press True Crime Library in March 2012. The book was launched at Scott's former high school library in April 2012.
In 2011, she wrote the introduction and foreword to military combat photographer Russell Klika's book "Iraq: Through the Eyes of an American Soldier".
In 2013, "The Huffington Post" reported that Scott was co-writing with former drug kingpin "Freeway" Rick Ross his autobiography, scheduled for release in 2014. The memoir, "Freeway Rick Ross: The Untold Autobiography", was released at a book launch at the Eso Won Bookstore in Los Angeles on June 17, 2014 to a standing-room only crowd.
In May 2014, Scott lodged a complaint with YouTube over a re-created image included in rapper Wyclef Jean's music video "April Showers." The controversy arose after Scott reported to YouTube that there was no attribution given and permission was not sought for the use of an autopsy photo released in Scott's book "The Killing of Tupac Shakur". YouTube banned the video. TMZ, which broke the story, reported that video director Hezues R' and Scott had settled the matter and agreed upon a screen credit to the book at the end of the video.
Scott is a contributor to "Psychology Today", ForbesWoman blog and Women in Crime Ink, described by the "Wall Street Journal" as "a blog worth reading."
Film.
In February 2014, filming in Las Vegas completed for "Death in the Desert", a full-length movie directed and produced by Josh Evans, starring Michael Madsen, Shayla Beesley, Paz de la Huerta, Roxy Saint and Stephen Manley. which is based on Scott's book "Death in the Desert" with the screenplay by John Steppling.

</doc>
<doc id="9715412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715412" title="Q factor (bicycles)">
Q factor (bicycles)

The Q Factor of a bicycle is the distance between the pedal attachment points on the crank arms, when measured parallel to the bottom bracket axle. It may also be referred to as the "tread" of the crankset. The term was coined by Grant Petersen during his time at Bridgestone Bicycles.
Q Factor is a function of both the bottom bracket width (axle length) and the crank arms. Bottom brackets axles vary in length from 102mm to 127mm. Mountain bike cranks are typically about 20mm wider than road cranks.
A larger Q Factor (wider tread) will mean less cornering clearance (while pedaling) for the same bottom bracket height and crank arm length. A smaller Q Factor (narrower tread) is desirable on faired recumbent bicycles because then the fairing can also be narrower, hence smaller and lighter. Sheldon Brown said that a narrower tread is ergonomically superior because it more closely matches the nearly-inline track of human footsteps.
Though it seems intuitive that a narrower tread is superior since a walking person must put their foot more to the centerline of the body to balance, this is not the case when pedaling a bicycle, where the "steps" are so very close together and balance a non-issue.
Scientific research has emerged from The University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom that shows narrower Q Factors are more efficient, likely due to improved application of force during the pedal stroke, as well the potential for reduced knee variability and risk of injury 

</doc>
<doc id="9715431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715431" title="1921 in Northern Ireland">
1921 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9715433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715433" title="Rikke Rønholt">
Rikke Rønholt

Rikke Rønholt (born January 1, 1976) is a Danish athlete. She is a part of Sparta Athletics team. She started doing athletics when she was 12 years old. Back then she participated in events from 60 metres to heptathlon and shot put. When she ran her first 400 metres hurdles she was less than a second from qualifying for the European Junior Championships. She represents Sparta.
She competed at the 1997 World Championships, the European Championships in 2002 and 2006 and the European Indoor Championships in 2005 and 2007.
Records.
Danish senior records: 
Danish senior records indoor: 
Danish U-23 records: 
Danish junior records: 

</doc>
<doc id="9715434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715434" title="Wave farm">
Wave farm

A wave farm – or wave power farm or wave energy park – is a collection of machines in the same location and used for the generation of wave power electricity. Wave farms can be either offshore or nearshore, with the former the most promising for the production of large quantities of electricity for the grid. The first wave farm was in Portugal, the Aguçadoura Wave Farm, consisting of three Pelamis machines. The world's largest is planned for Scotland.
United Kingdom.
Scotland.
Funding for a wave farm in Scotland was announced on February 20, 2007 by the Scottish Executive, at a cost of over £4 million, as part of a £13 million funding packages for marine power in Scotland. The farm will be the world's largest with a capacity of 3MW generated by four Pelamis machines. See also: Renewable energy in Scotland.
Ocean Power Technologies (OPT), based in Pennington, New Jersey is involved in the development of a wave farm off Cromarty Firth. The PB150 PowerBuoy was successfully deployed at sea in 2011 by a team including Scotland-based Global Maritime Scotland Ltd, Port Services (Invergordon) Ltd and OPT, with the support of the Cromarty Firth Port Authority.
The £10 million Saltire prize challenge will be awarded to the first to be able to generate 100 GWh from wave power over a continuous two year period by 2017 (about 5.7 MW average).
England.
Funding for a wave farm known as Wave hub off the north coast of Cornwall, England was approved in June 2007. The Wave hub operates as an extension cable allowing developers to install and operate wave energy generating devices while keeping down connection costs. Four device operators have expressed an interest in using the site which will initially allow up to 20MW of wave energy capacity.
Ocean Power Technologies (OPT), based in Pennington, New Jersey is involved in Wave Hub. Located in Cornwall, England, OPT aims to develop its PowerBuoy technology, an innovative renewable energy project, and expects to create the UK's first offshore facility for the demonstration and proving of arrays of wave energy generation devices.
United States.
Wave power in the United States is under development in several locations off the east & west coasts as well as Hawaii. It has moved beyond the research phase and major installations are planned to come on-line within the next few years. Its use to-date has been for situations where other forms of energy production are not economically viable and as such, the power output is currently modest.
According to the president of trade association Ocean Renewable Energy Coalition, “The total potential off the coast of the United States is 252 million megawatt hours a year.” Despite the absence of current implementation of major projects, there has been significant investment on the part of public utility companies and federal funds for the implementation and economic viability of two new wave power energy centers as of September 30, 2008.
On December 18, 2007 the Pacific Gas & Electric Company, the largest national utility company, announced a commercial agreement to purchase power generated by wave energy. This decision was made in part to be competitive in the public electrical energy market in the state of California under stringent renewable energy restrictions. Currently, California state law requires that publicly owned utilities are required to generate 20% of their electricity from renewable energy sources such as wind, solar and wave power by 2010. After the General Election on November 4, 2008 this law may be subject to change to an even more stringent law, which states that publicly owned utilities would be required to increase their proportion of electricity from renewable resources to 20% by 2010, 40% by 2020 and 50% by 2025.
Federally, under the Marine Renewable Energy Research and Development Act of 2007 the United States has committed $200 million in federal funds toward wave energy technology to be allocated from 2008 through 2012. The United States Department of Energy (DOE) is currently responsible for the allocation of $50 million per fiscal year for research, development, demonstration and commercial application of ocean energy. In 2008, the first year of federal allocation toward wave energy, there are a total of fourteen recipients. The most notable recipients of this year include Oregon State University and the University of Hawaii. Oregon State University in partnership with the University of Washington, will implement the development of the Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center for wave and tidal energy. The second recipient, University of Hawaii will develop and implement the National Renewable Marine Energy Center in Hawaii.
The Grays Harbor Ocean Energy Company of Seattle has applied to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permits to harness energy from waves off the coastline of California, Hawaii, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island. The $28 billion project would be the largest renewable energy project in the nation.
In 2012, Ocean Power Technologies (O.P.T.), based in Pennington, New Jersey is involved in the following wave projects in the US:
Portugal.
The Aguçadoura Wave Farm was the world's first commercial-scale wave farm. It was located offshore near Póvoa de Varzim north of Oporto in Portugal. The farm used three Pelamis wave energy converters to convert the motion of the ocean surface waves into electricity, totalling to 2.25MW in total installed capacity. The farm first generated electricity into the Portuguese grid in July 2008 and was officially opened on September 23, 2008, by the Portuguese Minister of Economy. The wave farm was shut down two months after the official opening in November 2008 due to technical problems with the machines.
Italy.
The company 40South Energy has its offshore test site in Castiglioncello, Italy, and plans to upgrade the site to a commercial Wave Energy Park by connecting it with an electrical cable to shore. In the meantime, the owners of an offshore aquaculture installation in Lavagna, Italy, are in the process of converting their concession from fish farming to fish farming plus electricity production. The technology used in this Wave Energy Park will come from 40South Energy.
Russia.
In 2013, Ocean RusEnergy company, based in Yekaterinburg, demonstrated a line of wave energy generators, ranging from 160W to 1MW(planned). Their modular design allows to assemble a wave power farm having a desired capacity. Unlike other wave power projects it targets small-scale and private electricity generation.

</doc>
<doc id="9715436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715436" title="1250 Poydras Plaza">
1250 Poydras Plaza

1250 Poydras Plaza (also known as the Eni Building and formerly the Mobil Building), located at 1250 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 24-story, -tall skyscraper.
In June 2010 the Unified Command moved its headquarters from the Dutch Royal Shell Conference Center in Robert, Louisiana to the building to deal with the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.

</doc>
<doc id="9715440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715440" title="Oakland Athletics all-time roster">
Oakland Athletics all-time roster

The Oakland Athletics all-time roster is a list of people who have played at least one regular season game# for the Oakland Athletics, Kansas City Athletics, or Philadelphia Athletics baseball teams of the American League, along with their primary position and years played for the team. It does not include players for the 1871–76 Philadelphia Athletics, the 1882–1890 Philadelphia Athletics, or the 1891 Philadelphia Athletics.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9715443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715443" title="Rocky Stone">
Rocky Stone

Rocky Stone (born October 22, 1971) is a "North American" "Talent agent".
Rocky began in the early 1980s as an "Actor", working mainly in live "Theatre". In 1994 he made the move from the "Stage (theatre)" to the office and became a "Talent agent". From 2002 to 2007, he collected a total of 9,798 toys to be given to less fortunate kids as part of the Toy Mountain Campaign. The Toy Mountain Campaign is hosted each year by "CFTR (AM)", "CFTO-TV and the "Salvation Army.
Many notable actors showed support towards Rocky's Toy Mountain Campaign including "Kelsey Lewis" in 2003-2004, "Hilary Duff" in 2004, "Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen" in 2004-2005, "Avril Lavigne" in 2004, "Jim Carrey" in 2004, "Taylor Abrahamse" from 2003–2007, "Lisa Foiles" in 2004, "Steven Anthony Lawrence" in 2004, "Andrea Lewis" in 2004, "Dakota Fanning" in 2005-2006, "Elle Fanning" in 2006, "Alexa Gerasimovich" in 2006-2007, "Riley Waldriff" in 2006-2007 and "Olivia Waldriff" in 2006-2007, just to name a few.
On April 4 of 2004, the "Toronto Star" newspaper had an article about Kids in the Biz and mentioned Rocky's Kidz (Rocky's Company), as one of the few well respected children's agencies in "Toronto".
In December 2005, The North Toronto Post Magazine ("Canada"), The Bayview Post Magazine ("Canada") and The Village Post Magazine ("Canada") named Rocky as one of "Our City's Greatest Givers" ("Toronto"). An interview and picture of Rocky was located in the "Hometown Heroes" section of each Magazine.
In December 2006, 680 News ("CFTR (AM)") announced on their website that Rocky was "the biggest individual At Work Santa supporter". The write-up and a picture is located on the 680 News site at about the middle/bottom of the page.,
On March 22 of 2008, the "Toronto Star" newspaper had an article about child actress, "Olivia Waldriff" (she played Young Jackie Kennedy in the movie Grey Gardens (2008), working opposite of "Drew Barrymore", "Daniel Baldwin", "Jeanne Tripplehorn" and "Jessica Lange") and mentioned "Rocky Stone" of Rocky's Kidz as her Agent.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9715483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715483" title="Collectionwise normal space">
Collectionwise normal space

In mathematics, a topological space formula_1 is called collectionwise normal if for every discrete family "F""i" ("i" ∈ "I") of closed subsets of formula_1 there exists a pairwise disjoint family of open sets "U""i" ("i" ∈ "I"), such that "F""i" ⊂ "U""i". A family formula_3 of subsets of formula_1 is called discrete when every point of formula_1 has a neighbourhood that intersects at most one of the sets from formula_3.
An equivalent definition demands that the above "U""i" ("i" ∈ "I") are themselves a discrete family, which is stronger than pairwise disjoint.
Many authors assume that formula_1 is also a T1 space as part of the definition, i. e., for every pair of distinct points, each has an open neighborhood not containing the other. A collectionwise normal T1 space is a collectionwise Hausdorff space.
Every collectionwise normal space is normal (i. e., any two disjoint closed sets can be separated by neighbourhoods), and every paracompact space (i. e., every topological space in which every open cover admits a locally finite open refinement) is collectionwise normal. The property is therefore intermediate in strength between paracompactness and normality.
Every metrizable space (i. e., every topological space that is homeomorphic to a metric space) is collectionwise normal. The "Moore metrisation theorem" states that every collectionwise normal Moore space is metrizable.
An Fσ-set in a collectionwise normal space is also collectionwise normal in the subspace topology. In particular, this holds for closed subsets.

</doc>
<doc id="9715494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715494" title="Isabel Kershner">
Isabel Kershner

Isabel Kershner is a journalist and author who began reporting from Jerusalem for "The New York Times" in 2007.
Previously, Kershner was Senior Editor, Middle East, "The Jerusalem Report" magazine. She has also written for The New Republic and provided commentary on Middle East affairs on radio, including the BBC.
Personal.
Kershner was born in Manchester, England. In April 1992 she married the Israeli author Hirsh Goodman; they have two children, Gavriel and Lev.

</doc>
<doc id="9715522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715522" title="Turn construction unit">
Turn construction unit

A turn construction unit (TCU) is the fundamental segment of speech in a conversation, as analyzed in conversation analysis.
The idea was introduced in (Sacks, Schegloff, & Jefferson 1974) and is meant to describe pieces of conversation which may comprise an entire turn. The end of a TCU, called a "transition relevance place" (TRP), marks a point where the turn may go to another speaker, or the present speaker may continue with another TCU.
References.
Sacks H, Schegloff E A, Jefferson G. "A simplest systematics for the organization of turn-taking for conversation." "Language" 50 (1974) pp. 696–735
See also.
Adjacency pairs

</doc>
<doc id="9715544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715544" title="EAN-8">
EAN-8

An EAN-8 is a barcode and is derived from the longer European Article Number (EAN-13) code. It was introduced for use on small packages where an EAN-13 barcode would be too large; for example on cigarettes, pencils (though it is rarely used for pencils), and chewing gum packets. It is encoded identically to the 12 digits of the UPC-A barcode, except that it has 4 (rather than 6) digits in each of the left and right halves.
EAN-8 barcodes may be used to encode GTIN-8s which are another set of product identifiers from the GS1 System. It begins with a 2- or 3-digit GS1 prefix (which is assigned to each national GS1 authority) 5- or 4-digit item reference element depending on the length of the GS1 prefix), and a checksum digit. 
EAN-8 codes are common throughout the world, and companies may also use them to encode RCN-8s (8-digit Restricted Circulation Numbers) used to identify own-brand products sold only in their stores. These are formatted as 02xx xxxx, 04xx xxxx or 2xxx xxxx.

</doc>
<doc id="9715555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715555" title="Engelbert Pigal">
Engelbert Pigal

Engelbert Pigal (1899–1978) was an Austrian engineer. A speaker of Interlingua and two other auxiliary languages, he wrote two cosmological monographs in Interlingua.
Life.
As a youth, Pigal learned the auxiliary language Ido. In 1921, he joined the preparatory committee for the first Ido congress in Vienna. At the 1926 Ido conference in Cassel, he startled many listeners by delivering a presentation on the naturalistic auxiliary language Occidental. The next year, he and Karl Janotta began to work for Occidental in Austria. Pigal was editor and co-author of "Occidental, die Weltsprache" (Occidental, the World Language), the principal work on this language. In a later work, "Ab Occidental verso Interlingua" (From Occidental towards Interlingua), he showed why he considered Interlingua to be the better alternative.
Between 1931 and 1938, Pigal served as Scientific Director of the Hoerbiger Institute in Vienna. In this position, he examined Hans Hoerbiger's theory of glacial cosmology. He published two monographs on cosmology in Interlingua, "Problematica del cosmologia moderne" e "Astro-Geologia". In the second work, he endeavored to solve fundamental problems of geology, such as the origins of mountains and oceans, using the exact method of physics and his own theory of planetary interference.
Later, Pigal persuaded professor Eugen Wüster, also of Austria, to use Interlingua in his work to standardize international scientific terminology. This work led to the founding of the powerful International Organization for Standardization (ISO). To his death at the age of 80, Pigal was a member of the Council of the Union Mundial pro Interlingua and was the national Interlingua representative in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="9715563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715563" title="Sheraton New Orleans">
Sheraton New Orleans

Sheraton New Orleans, located at 500 Canal Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 48-story, tall skyscraper.
Location.
500 Canal Street New Orleans, LA

</doc>
<doc id="9715579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715579" title="The Victorian English Gentlemens Club (album)">
The Victorian English Gentlemens Club (album)

The Victorian English Gentlemens Club is the debut album by The Victorian English Gentlemens Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9715584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715584" title="Purple-edged Copper">
Purple-edged Copper

The Purple-edged Copper ("Lycaena hippothoe") is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.

</doc>
<doc id="9715671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715671" title="Tarumanagara University">
Tarumanagara University

Tarumanagara University is a university in Jakarta, Indonesia and one of the oldest private universities in Indonesia. The university has 4 campuses in Jakarta. Campus I (main campus) and campus II is located in the metropolitan area of West-Jakarta, the campus III is in South-Jakarta. The future campus IV site is in Karawaci (a satellite town 30 kilometers from West-Jakarta). 
Logo and philosophy.
The entire logo represents the manifestation of Tarumanagara University determination, which is to manage an institution of higher education based on Pancasila and the Constitution of 1945, and to encourage the development of skilled and virtuous scholars and experts. The descriptions on Tarumanagara University symbol are as follows:
Academics.
There are eight Faculties and a Graduate Business School within the university:
Currently the university is offering Programs in Diploma degrees, Bachelor degrees, and Master Degrees. The University also has programs in MBA and Doctoral Degrees by research. Tarumanagara presents reliable and well-known reputation for accounting, management, psychology, medical, and engineering faculty. In public survey about their favorite college, UNTAR always presents in the top 10 list. The accounting faculty has win many awards between other colleges. 
According to BAN-DIKTI, Indonesia university grade institution, UNTAR has received great score marks: 
Bachelors' Degree 
Masters' Degree
Doctoral Degree

</doc>
<doc id="9715689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715689" title="Ajaz Anwar">
Ajaz Anwar

Ajaz Anwar [ Urdu: اعجاز انور ] is a distinguished painter of Pakistan. He was a teacher at National College of Arts Lahore. His watercolour paintings show the grandeur of the old buildings and the cultural life in Lahore.
Life.
Born in Ludhiana in 1946, his father was a cartoonist who apparently had stirred his passion from childhood and from whom he drew his inspiration. After obtaining his M.A. in Fine Arts and a Gold medal in 1967, he completed his Ph.D in Muslim architecture, in Turkey in 1978 and proceeded to do a course on Conservation of Cultural Property at UNESCO, Rome in 1977. From 1972 he has been lecturing until he became Professor and Director of Art Gallery NCA, Lahore to date.
Old buildings.
The old buildings of Lahore are the main theme of his paintings. He has tried to preserve those buildings in his paintings which are replaced by new style buildings or they are crumbling. These are the buildings of old Lahore; not all are historical, but common homes of common people are the centre of his attention. Natural lively colours bring the buildings to life.
People in his paintings.
Although buildings are the main theme of his paintings and people are just there to make a normal life but the characters he used in his paintings are the quintessential of daily life in Lahore or Punjab. The characters are faceless but they represent the common people found in the bazaars: A Tonga rider, women walking in the bazaar, children playing, milkman, old people talking, and sellers of all kinds.
Kites.
Kites are almost always present in his paintings. His main themes are common homes or buildings and on the roof of every building there is a kite lover and on the sky above there are lot of kites colouring the sky.
Life in detail.
With close observation we find a detailed life in his paintings. A woman is peeping from the window or behind the curtain, a cock is searching for food bits in the garbage.
Comments on his work.
“In my paintings, I highlight the parts of Lahore that must be preserved. I remove skyscrapers and instead incorporate tongas and sweetmeat shops,” he said in an interview. The main focus of his paintings are not human figures. “The human figures are only used to bring these crumbling buildings to life. People are not important aspects of my art because they are born and reborn whereas these buildings, once destroyed, will be lost forever.” 
Ajaz Anwar was the recipient of the President’s "Pride of Performance in Painting" in 1997.
Exhibitions.
Lahore, Ankara, Rawalpindi, Istanbul, Rome, Kampala, Chandigarh, Delhi and London. 
Ajaz Anwar leads Lahore Conservation Society and doing his utmost to preserve the Lahore as it was and preserving Lahore's heritage has become a personal crusade. "This is not in good taste and it does not resemble the original shape of these shops at all," said Ajaz Anwar to BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="9715699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715699" title="New Orleans Marriott">
New Orleans Marriott

New Orleans Marriott, located at 555 Canal Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 42-story, -tall skyscraper.
Location.
555 Canal Street<br>New Orleans, LA

</doc>
<doc id="9715702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715702" title="Occipital emissary vein">
Occipital emissary vein

The occipital emissary vein is a small emissary vein which passes through the condylar canal.

</doc>
<doc id="9715713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715713" title="Barinas">
Barinas

Barinas may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="9715718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715718" title="Drosato">
Drosato

Drosato (Greek: Δροσάτο) may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="9715760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715760" title="Jerry Belson">
Jerry Belson

Jerry Belson (July 8, 1938 – October 10, 2006) was a writer, director, and producer of Hollywood films for over forty years. 
Career.
Belson's writing credits include the Steven Spielberg films "Always" and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", several episodes of "The Dick Van Dyke Show" and "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." and "I Spy". During the early 1960s, concurrent with contributing scripts for TV sitcoms with then writing partner Garry Marshall, Belson did stories for Gold Key Comics. Belson also helped produce "The Drew Carey Show", "The Norm Show" and "The Tracey Ullman Show".
In the TV Land 2006 documentary "The 100 Greatest TV Quotes and Catchphrases", Lowell Ganz credits Belson with including in the script of the season 3 "Odd Couple" episode "My Strife in Court" (originally aired Friday February 16, 1973) the catch-phrase "Never ASSUME, because when you ASSUME, you make an ASS of U and ME." Ganz noted Belson had heard it used years ago by a teacher in a typewriter repair class.
He won three Emmy Awards: for the "Tracy Ullman Show" in 1989 and 1990, and for “Tracey Takes On...” in 1997.
Belson died in Los Angeles, California on October 10, 2006, after a long battle with prostate cancer.
His sister, screenwriter Monica Johnson, died on November 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9715761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715761" title="Henry Primakoff">
Henry Primakoff

Henry Primakoff (* February 12, 1914 in Odessa, Ukraine; † July 25, 1983 in Philadelphia, United States) was a theoretical physicist who is famous for his discovery of the Primakoff effect.
Primakoff contributed to the understanding of weak interactions, double beta decay, spin waves in ferromagnetism, and the interaction between neutrinos and the atomic nucleus. In his honor is named the Holstein-Primakoff transformation which is designed to treat spin waves as bosonic excitations.
Primakoff was the first Donner Professor of Physics in the University of Pennsylvania. He was married to Mildred Cohn from 1938 until his death in 1983. In 2011 the American Physical Society established the Henry Primakoff Award for Early-Career Particle Physics.

</doc>
<doc id="9715805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715805" title="David Jones (darts player)">
David Jones (darts player)

David Roderick Jones (July 5, 1949 - October 1995) was a former Welsh darts player who played mostly during the formative years of darts television coverage during the 1970s. He was born in Rhymney, Glamorgan and although his nickname was Roxy the media got it wrong and he would often be referred to as Rocky or David Rocky Jones.
His best tournament display came in the Winmau World Masters when he reached the final in 1975 before losing to fellow countryman Alan Evans. Also during 1975 he won the Marlborough Masters and took the Unicorn World Pairs championships with Ray Phillips. He also had success in international darts with his country Wales, when they took the WDF World Cup team title in 1977.
He also appeared on television in the last darts final of Yorkshire Television's Indoor League in 1977 - finishing runner-up to Tony Brown. 
The World Professional Darts Championship was first organised in 1978, but despite his relative success around that time Jones never featured in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="9715836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715836" title="Black Africans in Poland">
Black Africans in Poland

Today there are about 10,000 Polish citizens who are of Black African origin. Historic backgrounds vary, although they are typically either refugees or children of mixed couples. They are almost exclusively located in the major cities of Warsaw and Kraków.
History.
Since the fall of Communism in Poland, Black African footballers have started to establish themselves in the country. Notable amongst these sportsmen is Rastan, from Brazil, and the Nigerian-born striker Emmanuel Olisadebe, who is a naturalised Pole and plays for the national team.
Terminology.
The most common word used to describe a Black person in Polish is the noun "Murzyn", though it is seen by some people who are not connected to the Polish culture, as being pejorative, which is caused by confusing the word "Murzyn" with the English word "Negro" without acknowledging the significant historical differences between Poland and the Western European countries. Other typical descriptive terms include adjectives "ciemnoskóry" and "czarnoskóry", which translate to "dark-skinned" and "black-skinned" respectively; these are considered neutral or non-derogatory.

</doc>
<doc id="9715842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715842" title="Sandy Cushin">
Sandy Cushin

Sandy Cushon (b. Oxbow, Saskatchewan) is best known as former host of agricultural program "Country Canada" on CBC Television, which he hosted between 1975 and 2000.
He also hosted "Points West" for CBC Winnipeg.

</doc>
<doc id="9715861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715861" title="Life Assurance Act 1774">
Life Assurance Act 1774

The Life Assurance Act 1774 (14 Geo. 3 c.48, also known as the Gambling Act 1774) was an Act of Parliament of the Parliament of Great Britain, which received the Royal Assent on 20 April 1774. The Act prevented the abuse of the life insurance system to evade gambling laws. It was extended to Ireland by the Life Insurance (Ireland) Act 1866, and is still in force. Prior to the Act, it was legally possible for any person to take out life insurance on any other person, regardless of whether or not the beneficiary of the policy had any legitimate interest in the person whose life was insured. As such, the system of life insurance provided a legal loophole for a form of gambling: an insurance policy could be taken out on an unrelated third party, stipulating whether or not they would die before a set date, and relying on chance to determine if the "insurer" or "policy-holder" would profit by this event.
Provisions.
The Act was relatively short, with only four sections:
Sections 2 and 3 were amended by the Statute Law Revision Act 1888, and the requirement in section 2 to name the beneficiaries of a life insurance policy was relaxed by section 50 of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1972, to allow insurance by reference to a defined class or description of person. The defendant in the important contract law case of "Carlill v. Carbolic Smoke Ball Company" (1898) had attempted unsuccessfully to rely on this section to avoid paying £100 to the plaintiff.
Effects.
The Act did not define what an "insurable interest" was, and it has since been held as the definite expectation of suffering a financial loss directly due to someone's death. It is generally accepted that a person has an insurable interest in the life of someone financially supporting them - for example, in the life of their parent whilst they are still a juvenile - but that this interest can cease if the situation changes. In a 1904 case, it was held that a man insuring the life of his elderly mother in order to pay funeral expenses, where he did not otherwise have a financial interest, was void. However, note that as long as an insurable interest existed at the time the policy was created, it remains valid even if the interest later ceases.
A person is considered to have an unlimited interest in their own life or in that of their spouse, a case the law considers broadly equivalent; even if not financially dependent on the other, it is legitimate to insure against their death. This does not reliably extend to cohabiting couples, however: whilst many insurers will accept such policies, as they have not been tested in court they could potentially be invalidated. In recent years, there have been moves to pass clear statutory provisions in this regard, which have not yet borne fruit. Similar treatment was recently extended to civil partners under section 253 of the Civil Partnership Act 2004.
The Act remains of importance for policies of life insurance, including investments that are packaged under the umbrella of life assurance, such as endowment policies used to pay off mortgages.

</doc>
<doc id="9715919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715919" title="Enoch Seeman">
Enoch Seeman

Enoch Seeman the Younger was born in Danzig, now Gdansk, Poland, around 1694. His father, also Enoch was born around 1661, and the Seeman family were painters.
Having been brought to London from his home of Flanders by his father in 1704, the younger Seeman's painting career as we know it began with a group portrait of the Bisset family in the style of the portraitist Godfrey Kneller, now held at Castle Forbes in Grampian, Scotland, and dated by an inscription 1708.
As a painter to the British royal court Seeman the Younger completed portraits of George I, in 1730, in the robes of his coronation and of George II some years later. The first of these pictures is held at the Middle Temple in London, England, and the second is at Windsor Castle in Berkshire, England, part of the royal collection.
In 1734, Seeman painted a portrait of Jane Pratt Taylor, daughter of Lord Chief Justice John Pratt. The portrait was sent to William Byrd, II of Westover, in Virginia, where it became part of the largest colonial portrait collection of the early eighteenth-century. The painting is now part of the collection of the Virginia Historical Society.
The Yale University Art Gallery owns a portrait of Elihu Yale in 1717 by Seeman and the Metropolitan Museum in New York, USA owns his rendering of Sir James Dashwood, described by the Grove Dictionary of Art as 'Exceptionally lively'. Also by Seeman the younger, Abraham Tucker in 1739 at the National Portrait Gallery in London, England, and various copies of sixteenth and seventeenth century portraits. The National Trust owns two examples of this set of his work – at Dunham Massey in Cheshire, England, a copy of a portrait of Lady Diana Cecil, and at Belton House in Lincolnshire, England, of Lady Cust and her Nine Children.
Despite royal commissions, Seeman the younger's work is thought of as less accomplished than that of the top flight of portraitists because of his lesser attention to detail in the facial features of different sitters. This is more apparent in male than in female subjects of Seeman's.
Seeman the younger died in 1744.

</doc>
<doc id="9715931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715931" title="Ivan Honchar Museum">
Ivan Honchar Museum

Ivan Honchar Museum ("National Centre of Folk Culture") is a museum in Kiev, Ukraine showcasing the culture of Ukraine and preserving Ukrainian folk art. 
The museum was founded on a private collection of Ivan Makarovych Honchar shortly after his death in 1993. During the Soviet period, Ivan was accused of nationalism. Each individual showing an interest in his private collection was registered with the KGB.
The collection consists of over 15,000 items from the 16th to the early 20th centuries. A good example is a painting of the Ukrainian folklore hero Cossack Mamay. Other items include over 500 icons from the 16th century, 100 paintings by famous Ukrainian artists, an impressive collection of over 2,500 items of textiles from the 18th and 19th centuries, pottery, toys, Easter eggs, wood carvings and Ukrainian folk music instruments. Another part of the museum consists of Honchar's private library with books containing material that had the possessor sent to prison during Soviet times.
The Museum is a living institution, not only a collection of exhibits. There are folk art studios, shops, a theatre of folk songs and folklore, Ukrainian cuisine hands-on classes and other courses.
The musician Oleh Skrypka, (frontman of Vopli Vidopliassova) each year organizes vechornytsi (gatherings) at the centre, which include folklore singing, dances, customs etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9715937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715937" title="Lietuvos aidas">
Lietuvos aidas

Lietuvos aidas (literally: "Echo of Lithuania") is a daily newspaper in Lithuania. It was established on September 6, 1917 by Antanas Smetona, and became the semi-official voice of the newly formed Lithuanian government. When the government evacuated from Vilnius to the temporary capital, Kaunas, it ceased publication. The newspaper was revived in 1928 and became the most popular newspaper in Lithuania, but World War II disrupted its publication. In 1990, after Lithuania declared independence from the Soviet Union, the newspaper once again became the official newspaper of the Supreme Council of the Republic of Lithuania. Over the course of the decade it lost readership and was facing financial difficulties in 2007.
History.
1917–1918.
The newspaper was established in early September 1917 when Lithuania was occupied by the German Empire. The German authorities loosened their control and granted some rights to the local population as World War I drew to a close. An openly pursued goal of annexation gave way to a more guarded policy after Germany perceived that a public relations backlash might occur: the Central Powers realized that the Allies could use this annexation in their propaganda and in the upcoming peace negotiations. During this time, Lithuanians assembled the Vilnius Conference and elected the 20-member Council of Lithuania, which was entrusted with the declaration of Lithuania's independence.
When Antanas Smetona, the newspaper's founder, became the chairman of the Council, "Lietuvos aidas" became the official newspaper of the Council on September 21, 1917. It was important for the Council to inform the Lithuanian people about its struggles and progress and developments on the war front, and to report other political news. Amongst its goals was the unification of all Lithuanians, irrespective of their political beliefs, in order to declare and establish an independent Lithuania. The newspaper was censored by the Germans and was required to issue German translations. The German issue was titled "Litauische Echo". At first the newspaper was published three times a week; after October 1, 1918 it was published daily, except for Sundays. The circulation in 1918 reached some 20,000 copies.
The newspaper usually consisted of about four pages. It published official declarations, decisions, and similar documents. Among the most famous issues is that of February 19, 1918, when the entire front page was dedicated to the Act of Independence of Lithuania. Although the majority of that issue was confiscated, the newspaper's editor, Petras Klimas, succeeding in hiding about 60 copies. In addition to political news, "Lietuvos aidas" also published poems and other literary works. It featured a special supplement, "Liuosoji valanda" ("The Free Hour"), dedicated to art. Another supplement, "Mūsų ūkis" ("Our Farm"), published articles on farming and agriculture.
Antanas Smetona remained as the editor in chief, but the actual editing was performed by Petras Klimas, Liudas Noreika, and others. The newspaper discontinued its operations on December 31, 1918, after publishing 214 issues. As Bolshevik forces took over Vilnius, the government had to abandon the city. After the interim government was established in Kaunas, "Lietuvos aidas" was replaced by "Lietuva" ("Lithuania") as the official newspaper of the Lithuanian government.
1928–1940.
"Lietuvos aidas" was revived on February 1, 1928. It replaced "Lietuva", the newspaper of Lithuanian government, and "Lietuvis", the newspaper of the Lithuanian National Union. The chief editors were appointed by President Antanas Smetona and his Prime Minister. The most prominent editors were Valentinas Gustainis (1928–1932), the writer Ignas Šeinius (1932–1934), and Vytautas Alantas (1934–1939). After October 29, 1935, the paper published two editions daily, and from May 9, 1939 until the end of that year it published three daily editions (called "Rytinis Lietuvos aidas", "Lietuvos aidas", and "Vakarinis Lietuvos aidas"). These three editions were not merely re-prints or updates, but consisted of completely new material. The issues consisted of 14 to 16 pages. In 1939 the newspaper was the largest newspaper in Lithuania and its daily circulation reached 90,000 copies. The last issue, number 5544, was published on June 16, 1940, the day after the Soviet Union occupied Lithuania. "Lietuvos aidas" was taken over by the communists, renamed "Darbo Lietuva" ("Working Lithuania"), and continued publication for another month.
1990–2007.
"Lietuvos aidas" was again resurrected in 1990 when Lithuania declared independence from the Soviet Union. The first new issue came out on May 8, 1990, during an economic blockade of Lithuania. Receiving support from Vytautas Landsbergis, it was recreated as the newspaper of the Supreme Council and the Council of Ministers of Lithuanian. The first editor was Saulius Stoma. In 2000 businessman Algirdas Pilvelis acquired most of the shares of the newspaper and became its editor. Pilvelis, a controversial figure, alienated much of the readership, and as a result "Lietuvos aidas" was not profitable during the early 2000s. Rumors circulated that the newspaper would declare bankruptcy due to its debts. A new newspaper, with the same name and design, appeared – the original newspaper had failed to register its name. As of February 2007, the circumstances surrounding the creation of the new "Lietuvos aidas" remained unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="9715939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715939" title="Tactical engagement simulation">
Tactical engagement simulation

A Tactical Engagement Simulation (TES) is a training system for using weapons. Laser transmitters are used instead of bullets, larger rounds, or shorter-range guided weapons such as anti-tank missiles. A laser transmitter is mounted on the weapon and aligned with the weapon's barrel. 
Gallium arsenide (GaAs) is often used as the stimulated medium and this produces a wavelength of 904 nanometres, in the near infrared band outside the sensitivity of the human eye which is from about 400 to 700 nm (0.4 to 0.7 micrometres). 
In modern TES systems the laser transmission is coded so that in a field exercise, individual weapons can be identified by exercise control (EXCOM) and appropriate calculations made of gravity drop, warhead damage radius and so forth. 
Weapons as small as hand guns can be part of a TES system as can larger weapons including tanks and large calibre guns. In field exercises, the laser transmitters can trigger cartridge-based Weapon effects simulation (WES) devices mounted on potential targets such as tanks and other vehicles. WES systems include pyrotechnic flash/bang and smoke devices that add realism to a field exercise. 
All these events are recorded on the exercise computer. After-Action Review (AAR) can include comprehensive analysis of weapon firing, accuracy and warhead effects on the targets. Such techniques have taken much speculation out of the assessment of field exercises and have resulted in more realistic training than formerly was available other than by using (dangerous) live firing.

</doc>
<doc id="9715957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715957" title="Metochi">
Metochi

Metochi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9715959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715959" title="Christelijke Encyclopedie">
Christelijke Encyclopedie

The Christelijke Encyclopedie is a publication by the company J.H. Kok from Kampen. The first edition appeared in five volumes from 1926 till 1929 with a supplement in 1931, under the redaction of the reformed theologian Frederik Willem Grosheide (1881-1972, father of the later secretary of state Hans Grosheide.) A second edition, in six volumes, followed from 1956-1961. Both editions are reference works for the Dutch Reformed Church. In 2005 a third edition appeared in three volumes, under the same title, but where "Christian" is treated from an oecumenic perspective. A brochure of the publisher reports:
In deze nieuwe uitvoering wordt, anders dan bij de vorige edities, het woord christelijk binnen de Nederlandse context zo breed mogelijk opgevat, zowel het rooms-katholicisme als het protestantisme omsluitend.
The authors of the latest edition include Jan Bank, Paul Cliteur, Bart Jan Spruyt, Gert Schutte and Kars Veling. Editor-in-chief was George Harinck.

</doc>
<doc id="9715960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715960" title="One Canal Place">
One Canal Place

One Canal Place, located at 365 Canal Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 32-story, -tall skyscraper. The building contains The Shops at Canal Place shopping mall and is attached to The Westin New Orleans Canal Place, with which it shares a parking garage. During the colonial era before levees were constructed, the land occupied by the Canal Place complex was commonly covered by the waters of the Mississippi River. In the 1720s, a windmill was constructed near what is now Canal Street and North Peters Street. By the 20th century, the land was occupied by the American Sugar Refinery facilities. These 19th-century warehouses as well as Crossman Street (parallel to Canal Street) were removed to allow the construction of One Canal Place. Phase 1 of the Canal Place project resulted in the construction of the office tower in 1979. The Saks Fifth Avenue and Westin were constructed in 1982-3 as Phase 2. Plans are currently in the works for Canal Place Phase 3, a $220 million project which will feature a new mixed-use high-rise tower. The office building with more than 650,000 leasable square feet is managed by Corporate Realty.
One Canal Place Office Tower.
One Canal Place Office Tower is a Class A commercial office building managed by Corporate Realty. It is adjacent to the Westin New Orleans Hotel and The Shops at Canal Place. The office space is made up of more than 650,000 customizable square feet and includes a parking garage and health club facilities.
The Shops at Canal Place.
The Shops at Canal Place is owned and managed by The Berger Company. The lower 3 levels of the One Canal Place are occupied by The Shops at Canal Place, one of two shopping malls in downtown New Orleans (the other is the Riverwalk Marketplace). The mall contains a Saks Fifth Avenue, The Theatres at Canal Place, food court and approximately 45 high-end retailers including Anthropologie, Brooks Brothers, Michael Kors, Tiffany & Co,and Morton's The Steakhouse. In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, a fire inflicted heavy damage to the Saks Fifth Avenue. The mall reopened in February 2006, and a completely remodeled Saks reopened in November.
The Shops at Canal Place is owned and managed by The Berger Company.
The Berger Company (“TBC”) is a highly successful real estate development and investment firm with an impressive record of proven projects. Based in New Orleans and operating in select markets around the country, TBC has established an enviable record of success evidenced by dozens of major real estate endeavors. TBC has built its portfolio over a 40 year period, which currently consists primarily of retail, hospitality, and parking properties. The company also invests in the multifamily, office, and land sectors and provides debt financing for various opportunities.
The Berger Company is built on a sound financial base, with talented and motivated people, solid relationships and a business approach that is aggressive yet realistic. The home offices of The Berger Company are located in the heart of the dynamic New Orleans Vieux Carré (“French Quarter”) Riverfront. The 135-year-old buildings that serve as the firm’s headquarters have received numerous awards for excellence in architecture and restoration and reflect the company’s commitment to quality. In addition to the New Orleans home offices, The Berger Company has established affiliated companies in Phoenix, Arizona and Austin, Texas. Through these affiliates, TBC seeks to further expand its investment portfolio in the southwest and Texas regions.
Notable Properties: 
The Westin Hotel.
The Westin New Orleans Canal Place is along the Mississippi River and adjacent to the historical French Quarter. It is right across the street from Harrah's Casino, upscale shopping, museums, art galleries, and the central business district.
There is a 29th floor rooftop pool, with a gym, and the River 127' Restaurant which is 127 feet above the river
Location.
365 Canal Street<br>New Orleans, LA 70130

</doc>
<doc id="9715961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715961" title="List of English-language educational institutions in Quebec">
List of English-language educational institutions in Quebec

This is a list of English-language educational institutions in Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="9715981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715981" title="Elitsa Todorova">
Elitsa Todorova

Elitsa Todorova () (born 2 September 1977) is a Bulgarian folk singer and professional percussionist. Todorova formed the duo Elitsa & Stoyan and they represented Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, and once again represent Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö.
Career.
Elitsa was born in Varna. She has worked with a number of noted choirs, ensembles and musicians (Bulgarian and foreign) and has participated in concerts in a number of countries. She has also been awarded several prizes.
In 2003 Elitsa Todorova began working with Bulgaria's most popular and renowned drummer and percussionist Stoyan Yankoulov.
Eurovision.
On 25 February 2007, Elitsa & Stoyans song "Water" won the Bulgarian National Television's public contest and was selected as the song to represent Bulgaria in Eurovision Song Contest 2007. The song advanced from the semi-final to become Bulgaria's first ever participation in a final. In the final Elitsa and Stoyan finished in 5th place. 
Elitsa & Stoyan represented Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, this time with the song "Samo shampioni".
Biography.
Since her early childhood Elitsa has sung and played piano. She studied at the "Philip Koutev" school of music in Kotel, specializing in folk singing and the "Dobri Hristov" school of music in Varna, specializing in percussion. She then graduated from the Pancho Vladigerov State Academy of music in Sofia, majoring in percussion.
Awards.
Elitsa Todorova has been given the following awards:The Golden Phenomenon statuette for 2005, for her phenomenal achievements in the field of the singing and performing arts and for promoting Bulgarian culture around the world; A Honorary Diploma from the Republic of Austria's Embassy for her great contribution to popularizing Bulgarian Jazz music to Austria within the Step across the border 2005 European Program.

</doc>
<doc id="9715982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715982" title="DAFF">
DAFF

DAFF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9715993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9715993" title="Jaakko Löytty">
Jaakko Löytty

Jaakko Löytty (born 1955, Finland) is one of the most significant Finnish gospel musicians. Löytty spent his youth in Namibia with his parents, who were missionaries for the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
Löytty's musical influences can be found from American blues and also African music. He has composed two albums of music inspired by Senegalese music, "Pariisi-Dakar" (1992) and "Norsunmaitoa" (1994).

</doc>
<doc id="9716032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716032" title="One Thousand and One Arabian Nights (film)">
One Thousand and One Arabian Nights (film)

The film was a hit in Japan and was given limited screenings in the America, but the film did very poorly, as an X-rated cartoon did not seem to appeal to an audience. The dubbed version of the film is now very rare, and has never been released on home video, and may be considered lost. The film predates the more successful release of "Fritz the Cat", the first American X-rated animated film, by little over a year.
Plot.
Aldin (Aladdin), a simple traveling water seller, falls in love with Miriam, a beautiful slave on auction. Havahslakum, spoiled son of the chief of police, buys her. Before he can take her home, a sand storm interrupts the auction. Aldin uses the opportunity to steal away the slave woman, rescuing her from slavery. They hide from pursuing guards in a seemingly empty mansion. They make love there, and are secretly watched by the master of the mansion, Suleiman. Suleiman traps them and commands them to continue. Havahslakum and his guards invade the mansion & find them. He takes Miriam. Badli, right hand of the chief of police, murders Suleiman. Aldin is sent to prison by mistake for the murder of Suleiman. There, Aldin is tortured. One year later, a heartbroken Miriam dies in childbirth. After a time, Aldin is set free. He meets Badli in the desert, and threatens to kill him, but shows him mercy and lets him leave. Aldin finds the cave of Kamhakim and the 40 thieves. Aldin follows a thief inside. The thieves are asleep, and Aldin begins stealing their treasure. Madhya, a young female thief, awakens and threatens to kill Aldin. Aldin convinces her to see the world with him. The two fly away on a magic wooden horse. While they are over the ocean, living hair pulls them down. They swim to the nearby island, inhabited by beautiful amazons. Their queen/goddess invites the two to stay, but the thief girl doesn't trust the amazons. She flies away on the magic horse. Aldin makes love to the amazons. The queen forbids Aldin from following her to her house in the woods at night. Aldin follows her and is horrified to see her change into a large white serpent. All the amazons change likewise and chase Aldin off the island. Aldin is later picked up by sailors. They land on an island inhabited by a giant who eats much of the crew. Aldin finds a magic talking wishing ship that will take him anywhere and give him almost anything he wants. Over the years, Aldin uses the ship to become as wealthy as a king. Aldin enters a competition in Baghdad, the winner of which will becomes king. He wins the competition by tricking his opponent onto his magic ship, and by commanding the ship to take him to the end of the world. He wants a girl who looks like Miriam. She is Jalis, the daughter of Miriam. As king, he tries to force her to marry him, but she loves Aslana. Aldin commands the people to build a tower to Heaven. The people hate him and revolt, led by the Aldin's second in command. Not prepared for the pressures of kingship, Aldin gives up the throne to travel the world as a poor man again, for he now sees the value of freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="9716048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716048" title="The Browning Version">
The Browning Version

The Browning Version may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9716058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716058" title="List of sovereign states in 1938">
List of sovereign states in 1938


</doc>
<doc id="9716075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716075" title="2006–07 New York Rangers season">
2006–07 New York Rangers season

The 2006–07 New York Rangers season was the National Hockey League franchise's 80th season of play and their 81st season overall. It saw the team attempting to build on their surprising run into the playoffs the previous season.
After being swept by their cross-river rivals the New Jersey Devils in the first round of the 2006 Stanley Cup Playoffs, the Rangers looked to add playoff experience through off-season free agent signings. As such, the Rangers signed forward Matt Cullen and defenseman Aaron Ward from the Stanley Cup champion Carolina Hurricanes in addition to three-time champion Brendan Shanahan from the Detroit Red Wings. However, the Rangers lost a few big names from their strong regular season run, including assistant captain Steve Rucchin, Martin Rucinsky, Tom Poti and Petr Sykora.
Regular season.
The Rangers opened regular season play at Madison Square Garden on October 5, 2006 against the Washington Capitals. In the 5–2 victory, Jaromir Jagr scored on the season's first shot, and Brendan Shanahan scored twice, to tally his 600th career NHL goal. Despite a 2–0 start, the Rangers struggled through the month of October and finished the calendar month in the midst of their west coast swing with a 5–6 record.
Things began to turn in the right direction for the team in the month of November. The Rangers began the month with wins over Anaheim and San Jose to bring their record above .500 and after an 8–3–3 month, the Rangers had a 13–9–3 record.
The Rangers rose high in December, with a five-game winning streak during the second week, but then crashed hard back to Earth. A 9–2 loss at Toronto on December 16 keyed a seven-game losing streak which included two heart-breaking losses in Florida (one to the Panthers in which the Rangers led 2–0 after two periods and lost 3–2 and another two nights later to the Lightning in which the Rangers led 3–0 after two and lost 4–3). The Rangers were also shutout in their final two losses of the streak. The Rangers got back on the right track and snapped their losing skid with a 4–1 win against the Capitals in their final game of 2006. This win would key a four-game winning streak; however, the Rangers lost 8 of their next 11 games as they limped into February.
On February 5, 2007, in a trade with the Los Angeles Kings the Rangers acquired the agitator Sean Avery. Avery's first few games with the Rangers saw an increase in the team's intensity, but still a lack of luck in the standings. In his first game, the Rangers lost to the Devils 3–2 in a shootout, then proceeded to win three straight against the likes of Tampa Bay, Washington, and Carolina.
Against the Philadelphia Flyers on February 17, the Rangers lost not only the game (5–3) but also lost Shanahan to a concussion after an open ice collision with Mike Knuble in the third period. Shanahan would miss the next 15 games. As of the trading deadline on February 27, the Rangers were 29–27–6 and a run at a playoff berth looked unlikely.
During the month of March, the Rangers lost a number of other players to injury, including Fedor Tyutin, Marcel Hossa and Karel Rachunek all to MCL sprains. However, thanks to the stellar play of goaltender Henrik Lundqvist, the Rangers went 10–2–3 in the month of March to move into playoff position and on April 5, 2007, with a 3–1 win over the Montreal Canadiens, clinched a playoff berth for the second consecutive season. The Rangers concluded the regular season with a record of 13–3–4 after the trading deadline and 17–6–6 after the acquisition of Avery from Los Angeles.
On their final night of the regular season, the Rangers lost 2–1 to Pittsburgh, but thanks to Tampa Bay's shootout loss to Atlanta, the Rangers locked up the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs for the second straight year.
Playoffs.
The New York Rangers ended the 2006–07 regular season as the Eastern Conference's sixth seed.
Key: Win Loss
Eastern Conference Quarter-finals: vs. (3) Atlanta Thrashers.
Entering the 2007 Stanley Cup Playoffs, the New York Rangers had not won a playoff game since May 18, 1997 against the Philadelphia Flyers, having lost seven consecutive playoff games in that time span. They began the Eastern Conference Quarter-finals against the Atlanta Thrashers, a team making their first playoff appearance in franchise history.
In front of a sellout crowd in Atlanta for Game 1, the Rangers struck first with a Jaromir Jagr goal 12:50 into the first period to take a 1–0 lead. Michal Rozsival added a power play goal four minutes later to extend the Ranger lead to 2–0. Atlanta's Eric Belanger tallied a power play goal in the first period's final minute to make the score 2–1 at first intermission. The Rangers held a two goal lead two other times through the remainder of the game, but Atlanta cut the deficit back to one on both occasions, with their final tally coming from former Ranger Pascal Dupuis early in the third period. Atlanta pressured for the equalizer for the final minutes but could not beat Henrik Lundqvist for a fourth goal and the Rangers prevailed 4–3. Not only was the victory the Rangers first playoff win in nearly ten years, it was also the first time the Rangers won Game 1 of a playoff series since the 1994 Eastern Conference Semi-finals against the Washington Capitals. In addition, the four goals scored by New York in Game 1 matched their four game offensive output against the New Jersey Devils from the year prior.
Atlanta switched goaltenders for Game 2, giving the nod to Johan Hedberg over Kari Lehtonen. The Rangers would strike first again, this time on a fluke goal credited to Sean Avery. Avery dumped the puck into the offensive zone from the red line, causing Hedberg to leave the crease in order to play the puck behind the net. The puck caromed off the boards in a peculiar manner and ended up in the net. After the bizarre goal, the game settled into a goaltending duel between Hedberg and Lundqvist. Atlanta would tie the game five minutes into the third period on a goal by Ilya Kovalchuk. The Rangers, however, would prevail, winning on a Brendan Shanahan goal with four minutes to play.
Up 2–0 in the series, the Rangers returned home for Game 3, and the Atlanta Thrashers returned to Kari Lehtonen in net. The switch did not work, as the Rangers struck 32 seconds into the game and would not let up from there. Jaromir Jagr tied an NHL record with three assists in the first period as Michael Nylander scored twice and Marek Malik added another to give New York a 3–0 lead after one. Rookie Ryan Callahan scored twice in the second period (the first two playoff goals of his career), Brendan Shanahan added a power play goal midway through the third period, and Nylander completed the hat trick seven minutes later to seal a 7–0 Game 3 victory. The 7–0 victory was the first playoff shutout in Henrik Lundqvist's career and the largest margin of victory in a playoff shutout in franchise history.
Atlanta switched back to Hedberg in Game 4 and struck first to take their first lead of the series with a Keith Tkachuk goal in the first period. The Rangers would respond just over a minute later with Michal Rozsival's second power play goal of the series to make the score 1–1 after one period. Atlanta would take the lead for a second time in the second period on a goal by Greg de Vries, but the Rangers would counter again, this time with a Brendan Shanahan goal to tie the game at 2–2 after two periods. Early in the third period Matt Cullen would score the eventual game winner, driving a rolling puck from the point off the crossbar. The puck bounced straight down and at first glance never crossed the goal line. After a five-minute video review, the puck was clearly shown to have crossed the line in its entirety while on edge and the goal counted. Jaromir Jagr added an empty net goal late in the period to seal a 4–2 win and a series sweep. The sweep was only the third sweep of a seven-game playoff series in franchise history (the other sweeps came against the Chicago Blackhawks in 1972 and the New York Islanders in 1994).
Eastern Conference Semi-finals: vs. (1) Buffalo Sabres.
After sweeping Atlanta in the first round, the Rangers next opponent was the Eastern Conference's top seed (and the regular season Presidents Trophy winner), the Buffalo Sabres. The Sabres had been a powerful offensive team in the regular season, scoring 308 goals in the 82 games (20 more than the second place team in that department, the Ottawa Senators with 288). The Sabres had four players score 30+ goals during the season, led by Thomas Vanek with 43 in his sophomore campaign.
The series did not start well for the Rangers in western New York. Despite playing a scoreless first period, the key development in the first twenty minutes was a knee injury suffered by Ranger defenseman Michal Rozsival. Rozsival would see the ice for two shifts in the second period but could not stay in the game. As a result, the Rangers were forced to play the remainder of the game with five defensemen, a recipe for disaster against a team as talented offensively as the Sabres. Indeed, the result was a disaster for New York, as the Sabres struck for three goals in four minutes, two coming from the aforementioned Vanek, and Buffalo led 3–0 after two. The Rangers finally beat Ryan Miller halfway through the third period to cut the deficit to 3–1, thanks to a Marcel Hossa tally, but it would not be enough. Three minutes later Jason Pominville was awarded a goal on the first of several controversial video reviews in the series; the controversy in this case coming from the appearance that Pominville had punched the puck into the net. Brendan Shanahan scored a power play goal late for the Rangers to make it 4–2, but Drew Stafford hit the empty net to seal a 5–2 Sabre victory in Game 1.
The tide turned slightly for the Rangers in Game 2, but the result would not. The Rangers scored first this time around, on a Martin Straka power play goal midway through the first, but Brian Campbell and the Sabres responded with a goal on the man advantage 50 seconds later to even the game at one. Late in the second period, the Rangers scored again on the power play, this time with Paul Mara getting the tally, to take a 2–1 lead at second intermission. Things would unravel for the Rangers in the third as an errant Marek Malik pass was intercepted before exiting the defensive zone and Chris Drury converted the play into the equalizer goal 24 seconds into the period. Buffalo carried the momentum from there and Thomas Vanek netted the eventual game winner after a scramble in front at 10:11 of the third. The Sabres hung on to win 3–2 and take a 2–0 lead into the series.
The series shifted to New York City and Madison Square Garden for Game 3 with the Rangers in desperate need of a victory. For the second time in three games in the series, the game remained scoreless after one period of play; however, the Rangers struck early in the second, shortly after a power play opportunity had expired. Marek Malik kept the puck in at the blue line and Jaromir Jagr fired a shot that Ryan Miller stopped and thought he had covered. Unfortunately for the Sabres, the puck slipped behind him and Jagr followed up on the play by putting the loose puck in for his first goal of the series, giving the Rangers the 1–0 lead. A few minutes later, after driving hard to the net Karel Rachunek appeared to have given the Rangers a 2–0 lead when the puck deflected off his skate and past Miller into the open net. After a second controversial video review, the officials determined that Rachunek had kicked the puck into the net, negating the goal. Said Rangers coach Tom Renney after the game, "it has to be a distinct kicking motion. If that's distinct then we're all in trouble." In the third, Buffalo would even the score with a power play goal by co-captain Danny Briere with under eight minutes to play in regulation, forcing overtime. Buffalo nearly buried the game in the first overtime session nineteen minutes in while shorthanded, but Derek Roy's shot rang off the post behind Rangers netminder Henrik Lundqvist and out. In double overtime, it was Rozsival who would be the hero for New York, scoring on a drive from the point that deflected off the iron and in behind Ryan Miller, ending the game after 36:43 of extra time. The win came 36 years to the day that Pete Stemkowski scored a triple overtime winner at the Garden to beat the Chicago Blackhawks in 1971.
Two days later, the Rangers looked to even up the series on home ice, taking momentum from their double overtime Game 3 victory. Game 4 started similarly: after a scoreless first period, Jaromir Jagr scored a goal early in the first minute of the second period to give the Rangers a 1–0 lead. The Rangers would extend their lead to 2–0 midway through the third period, thanks to a power play goal from Brendan Shanahan. Buffalo would cut their deficit back to one goal just 33 seconds later on a goal by Ales Kotalik. Buffalo attacked hard for the game's final ten minutes but Lundqvist kept the Rangers up by a goal. The Sabres outshot the Rangers 11–4 in the game's final frame. With 20 seconds to play in regulation, Lundqvist was caught out of the net after misplaying the puck behind his own net as Buffalo charged for the equalizer. The puck came to Briere at the side of the net, but Lundqvist came across and made a right pad save at the goal line with 17 seconds to play. The play would go to another controversial video review and while many analysts believe that the puck logically would have crossed the goal line (resulting in a goal), there was no video angle available to conclusively prove that point. The ruling was no goal and the Rangers hung on for their second straight 2–1 victory to even the series 2–2 as it went back to Buffalo.
After an even first period in Game 5 resulted in no scoring, the momentum swung heavily in the Sabres' favor. Buffalo outshot New York 17–6 in the second period, but both goaltenders were a wall in net and the game remained scoreless through two. In the third, Buffalo had the advantage in shots once more (13–6), but it was New York that struck first, as Martin Straka scored to put the Rangers on top 1–0 with 3:19 to play in regulation. The Rangers looked like they were about to steal Game 5, but Chris Drury scored with 7.7 seconds remaining in the game to force overtime. Coincidentally, the Rangers had been burned for a game-tying goal with exactly 7.7 seconds on the clock in the past, specifically in Game 7 of the 1994 Eastern Conference Finals when Valeri Zelepukin beat Mike Richter to force overtime. While the Rangers had won that game in double overtime on a Stephane Matteau wrap-around, in this case, the Sabres would ride their momentum and win four minutes into overtime on a power play goal by Maxim Afinogenov who had been a healthy scratch the game before.
Down 3–2 in the series, the Rangers headed back to New York for Game 6, carrying a nine-game winning streak at Madison Square Garden. For the fifth straight game in the series, the Rangers drew first blood, on a Michael Nylander backhand shot. With the score 1–0 Rangers in the second period, Buffalo started a heavy offensive onslaught. 1:29 into the second, Dmitri Kalinin scored on a shot that changed directions on Lundqvist after forward Nigel Dawes attempted to block the shot. Buffalo took the lead just over a minute later on a Jason Pominville goal. The Rangers would respond quickly, thanks to a power play goal by Paul Mara to tie the score at 2, but the Sabres were not done. Jochen Hecht and Chris Drury would add goals to give Buffalo a 4–2 lead after two periods. During the regular season and playoffs to that point, the Sabres had a 40–0 record when leading by two goals after two periods, but the Rangers would challenge that early. Jaromir Jagr scored on the power play five minutes into the third to cut the deficit to 4–3, but Hecht would net his second of the game ten minutes later on a tip-in in front to extend Buffalo's lead back to two goals. With 2:51 to play, Michael Nylander would score his second of the game on the power play to cut it to one goal again, but the Rangers could not tie the game late, and Buffalo held on for a 5–4 victory to eliminate the Rangers in six games.
Player statistics.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada at the General Motors Place.
Roster.
Goaltenders:
•
Defensemen
•
•
•
•
Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Farm teams.
Hartford Wolf Pack (AHL).
Hartford finished with a regular season record of 47–29–3–1 for a total of 98 points in the standings. This snapped a three-year streak in which the team had finished the regular season with at least 100 points, though it marked the fourth consecutive season in which the Wolf Pack won at least 40 games. Ryan Callahan led the team with 35 goals and 55 points on the season, earning him a spot on the AHL All-Rookie team for the season. By the time Callahan had won the honor, however, he was already seeing 3rd line playing time in the NHL for the Rangers. Goaltender Al Montoya finished fifth in the league in regular season goals against average at 2.30.
Playoffs.
As the second seed in the Atlantic Division, the Wolf Pack opened up the playoffs against the third seeded Providence Bruins. With home ice advantage secured, Hartford won Game 1 5–1, but fell behind early in Game 2 and lost 4–2. With the series even and headed to Providence, the Wolf Pack reclaimed home ice advantage in the series thanks to a 5–2 victory in Game 3. Providence evened the series again in Game 4 with a big 5–1 victory, but the Wolf Pack used a 26–save Al Montoya shutout in Game 5 (a 1–0 victory) to take a 3–2 series lead back home to Hartford. Providence stayed alive in the series by winning Game 6 convincingly by a 5–2 score to force a seventh game. Tied 3–3 in the third, the Bruins scored two goals in a span of 58 seconds to take a 5–3 lead which Hartford could not come back from, falling 5–4 and losing the series 4 games to 3.
Charlotte Checkers (ECHL).
Charlotte finished the regular season 42–27–1–2 for 87 points, making 2006–07 the third best regular season finish in franchise history (behind 93 points in 2001–02 and 94 points in 1995–96). The Checkers also qualified for the playoffs for the third consecutive season. In each of the past two years, the Checkers were eliminated in the third round of the Kelly Cup Playoffs. Mark Lee led the team in scoring with 80 points, Bruce Graham led the team in goals with 33, and goaltender Chris Holt finished the season with a 24–18–0–2 record with a 3.15 goals against average.
Playoffs.
The fourth seeded Checkers played the fifth seeded Augusta Lynx in the American Conference's Southern Divisional Quarter-finals, a best-of-three series, sweeping it 2 games to 0. Charlotte won both games in overtime, 2–1 in Game 1 and 3–2 on the road in Game 2. Daymen Rycroft scored the game-winning goal on both occasions.
The Checkers would then play the top seeded Florida Everblades in the Divisional Semi-finals, a best-of-five series. Florida took Game 1 by the score of 3–2, then pounded the Checkers in Game 2 by scoring early and often, en route to a 7–2 win. Back home for Game 3, the Checkers could not stave off the sweep, falling 4–0 in their final game.

</doc>
<doc id="9716081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716081" title="Zvenyika Makonese">
Zvenyika Makonese

Zvenyika Makonese (born 7 July 1977 in Chiredzi) is a Zimbabwean footballer. He joined Cape Town-based Santos in 2004 from Zimbabwean club Shabanie Mine. He plays as a defender and was selected for the 2006 African Cup of Nations.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/africa/4595204.stm]
It was reported that he was set to join Stoke City at the end of the 2006–07 season after impressing in a trial at the club, despite interest from Wigan Athletic and several French clubs.[http://home.skysports.com/list.aspx?hlid=450608&CPID=8&clid=111&lid=4&title=Stoke+to+land+Big+Mak] However, no such move transpired. He also had an unsuccessful trial at Ligue 1 side Stade Rennes.
On August 2nd, 2011 Makonese marked his return to the domestic Premiership yesterday when he signed a deal to join Shabanie Mine.
[http://allafrica.com/stories/201108021189.html].
Was signed with Black-Leopards in Petersburg, but could not be able to play in the PSL because of enough documents December 2011 to March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9716090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716090" title="The (disambiguation)">
The (disambiguation)

The is the definite article in English.
The may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9716091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716091" title="1010 Common">
1010 Common

1010 Common (formerly the Bank of New Orleans Building), located at 1010 Common Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 31-story, -tall skyscraper. The building is adjacent to the 14-story Latter Center Garage & Annex. 1010 Common has architectural features of the late Art Deco and Nouveu period though it is a revival since it was built in the 1970s.

</doc>
