<doc id="9778122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778122" title="List of master's degrees in North America">
List of master's degrees in North America

This list refers to specific masters degrees in North America. Please see master's degree for a more general overview.
Accountancy.
Master of Accountancy (MAcc, MAc, MAcy or MPAcc), alternatively Master of Professional Accountancy (MPAcy or MPA), or Master Science in Accountancy (MSAcy) is typically a one-year, non-thesis graduate program designed to prepare graduates for public accounting and to provide them with the 150 credit hours required by most states before taking the CPA exam.
Master of Accounting (MAcc) is an 8-month degree offered by the University of Waterloo, School of Accounting and Finance in Canada that satisfies the 51 credit hours and CKE exam requirement needed to write the Chartered Accountant Uniform Final Exam (UFE) in the province of Ontario. The School also delivers a Master of Taxation program. The School is housed in the Faculty of Arts.
Master of Professional Accounting (MPAcc) is a two-year, non-thesis graduate program offered by the University of Saskatchewan in Canada
Administration.
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Master of Management (MAM), Master of Accountancy (MAcy), Master of Science in Taxation (MST), Master of Science in Finance (MSF), Master of Business and Organizational Leadership (MBOL), Master of Engineering Management (MEM), Master of Health Administration (MHA), Master of Not-for-Profit Leadership (MNPL), Master of Public Policy (MPP), Master of Public Administration (MPA), Master of International Affairs (MIA), Master of Strategic Planning for Critical Infrastructures (MSPCI), Master of Science in Strategic Leadership (MSSL), and Master of Science in Management (MSM) are professional degrees focusing on management for the private and public sectors, both domestic and international.
Adult Education.
While other advanced degree education programs tend to be more widely known, the Master of Science in Adult Education provides professional educators with expert-level tools for success in the adult learning environment and advancement in educational leadership. As the name suggests, this degree program provides ample opportunity for the student to take a more scientific approach to the study of education. Many M.S. Adult Education programs offer concentrations in Community Service and Health Sciences (non-profit realm), Human Resources, Technology (distance learning), and Training and Development (corporate or for-profit environment).
Advanced Study.
In the United States the Master of Advanced Study (M.A.S.) also the Master of Advanced Studies (MAS) degree is a post-graduate professional degree issued by numerous academic institutions, but most notably by the University of California. M.A.S. programs tend to "concentrate on a set of coordinated coursework with culminating projects or papers rather than emphasizing student research" and frequently are structured as interdisciplinary offerings.
In Canada the Master of Advanced Study degree is an independent research degree.
Advanced Studies programs tend to be interdisciplinary and tend to be focused toward meeting the needs of professionals rather than academics.
Applied Anthropology.
The Master of Applied Anthropology (MAA) is a two-year program focused on training non-academic anthropologists. The University of Maryland, College Park developed this program to encourage entrepreneurial approaches to careers outside academia, where most new anthropologists are likely to seek and find employment. For this reason, it is considered a professional degree rather than a liberal arts degree.
Applied Politics.
The Master of Applied Politics is a 2 year masters degree program offered by The Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics at The University of Akron. It is one of the few professional master’s degree programs in the United States focusing on practical politics and efforts to influence political decisions. This includes winning elections, campaigning, fund raising, influencing legislation and strengthening political organizations. MAP graduates have gone on to manage campaigns, run for political office, join polling and fundraising firms, and start their own consulting firms.
Applied Sciences.
The two Master's programs offered in Management Sciences provide both course work and research opportunities in the areas of operations research, information systems, management of technology, engineering and other areas.Operations research, mathematical modeling, economics, and organizational behavior, and other related concepts underlie success in almost all areas of management. Refer to the Master of Engineering degree section for more information.
Architecture.
The 4+3 or 5-year Master of Architecture (M.Arch. I) is a first professional degree, after which one is eligible for internship credit subsequent exam required for licensure. The 2-year Master of Architecture (M.Arch. II) is a graduate-level program which assumes previous coursework in architecture (B.Arch. or M. Arch I).
Archival Studies.
The Master of Archival Studies degree is awarded following completion of a program of courses in archival science, records management and preservation. The degree was first offered at the University of British Columbia (Canada), and is currently offered at Clayton State University (Georgia). The Master of Archives and Records Administration is offered by San Jose State University (California).
Bioinformatics.
The Master of Science in Bioinformatics degree builds on a background in biology and computing. Students learn how to develop software tools for the storage and manipulation of biological data. Graduates typically work in the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industries or in biomedical research. The career prospects are excellent.
MS in Bioinformatics programs include Georgia Tech, IUPUI, among others.
Christian Education.
The Master of Arts in Christian Education is a seminary degree primarily designed for those in the field of church ministry. Various specializations include children's ministry and youth ministry, among others. Thus, many children's pastors and youth pastors obtain the degree, while senior pastors usually pursue the Master of Divinity degree. The degree is usually obtained in 2–3 years.
City and Regional Planning.
Master of City and Regional Planning (MCRP) is a professional degree in the study of urban planning.
Clinical Medical Science.
Clinical Medical Science is a professional degree awarded to Physician Assistants.
Communication.
The Department of Communication of the University of Ottawa offers a Master of Arts (MA) in Communication degree with thesis or with research paper.
The program focuses on five fields of specialization: media studies; organizational communication; health communication; identity and diversity in communication; government communication.
Both teaching and research explore major issues related to new information and communication technologies in media and organizations at the national and international levels.
The academic department of Art History & Communication Studies at the McGill University offers Master of Arts (M.A.) degrees, which are differentiated either as Interdisciplinary (Thesis/Non-Thesis) or as Noninterdisciplinary (Thesis/Non-Thesis) programs. The duration for a Non-Thesis option is two years of full-time study. The period for a Thesis option may last longer, depending also on the required level of courses and complexity of the thesis. Students who are admitted to the Interdisciplinary Thesis option Communication Studies - Gender and Women's Studies (incl. e.g. psychology and/or other subjects) might have to earn "very high research" credits at the 700-PhD-level, and they may need to complete their program in the maximum of three years of full-time candidature.
Computer Science.
The Master of Science in Computer Science & Master of Science in Information Technology are graduate degrees designed for Information Technology professionals and Computer Engineers, it is generally based on core computer science subjects where knowledge can be used for advanced work especially in Information Technology industry. Whereas the Bachelor level degree provides a well-balanced foundation in Information Technology, the Master degree allows the student not only further advancement of core knowledge, but also an opportunity to specialize in selected technology areas of interest. The Master of Information Technology is one of the most sought degrees in the field of Computer Science and Information Technology and is much sought-after by employers in the Information Technology marketplace . This degree ensures that the person who has attained this degree is competent in all key areas of Information Technology sector and has further advanced this with specialized knowledge, research, and publications.
Criminal Justice.
The Master of Criminal Justice is a professional degree in the study of criminal justice. The program is designed as a terminal degree for professionals in the field of criminal justice or as preparation for doctoral programs. It may also be referred to as a Master of Science in Justice Administration (M.S.J.A.).
Cross-Cultural and International Education.
This master’s degree, offered by Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, OH, prepares professional educators to be effective leaders in the internationalization of schools and communities and to be positive facilitators of cross-cultural understanding. The focus of this degree program is to prepare a global educator who is able to:
• lead in internationalizing curriculum
• foster international educational partnerships
• infuse education policy and practice with cross-cultural awareness.
Cross-cultural and international education is defined as the examination of education from diverse perspectives in international, transnational, and global contexts. The topics that students address in this program transcend national boundaries. This differs from multicultural education which specifically examines issues within a single nation.
The program connects cultural and international understanding with educational theory and practice through a unique combination of courses from several disciplines at BGSU. Students construct the academic basis for their program from select courses in the College of Education and Human Development and other colleges on campus. The students then apply this academic foundation to a practical cross-cultural/ international internship experience. Current students are participating in a variety of internships in formal and non-formal settings, including international sites in China, South Africa, Vietnam and Belize, and domestically with Indigenous students in Alaska and Mexican migrant populations in Ohio. Students complete the MACIE program with a capstone seminar or a master’s thesis.
Dentistry.
The Master of Science in Dentistry is a post-graduate degree awarded for those with a dental degree (BDS, DMD, DDS, BDent, BChD, etc.), who have completed a post-graduate level course of study.
Digital Media.
The Master of Digital Media is a professional degree in the study of digital media, which includes entertainment technology, and can be defined as media experiences made possible by the advent of primarily computer-mediated digital technologies (e.g., electronic games and special effects in motion pictures). This is also called the Master of Interactive Technology (MIT) or Master of Entertainment Technology (Carnegie Mellon).
Dispute Resolution.
Dispute Resolution as a master's degree program, a first in Australia, focuses on the wide range of non-adversarial dispute resolution processes. The subject accommodate distinct streams that include commerce, family, community and court-annexed programs. This subject is an introduction to the philosophy, theory and practice of an area of increasing importance in all professions, business and government. Dispute resolution processes are now integrated into the adversarial framework as well as being applied to an ever-widening range of private and public situations. This emerging practice of professional dispute resolution converge within and outside the legal profession.
Divinity.
The Master of Divinity (M.Div.) is the first professional degree in ministry (in the United States and Canada) and is a common academic degree among theological seminaries. It typically takes students three years to complete. Other theology degree titles used are Master of Theology (Th.M. or M.Th.), Master of Theological Studies (M.T.S.), Master of Arts in Practical Theology (M.A.P.T.), and Master of Sacred Theology (S.T.M.).
Education.
Master of Education degrees are similar to MA, MS, and MSc, where the subject studied is education. In some states in the United States, teachers can earn teacher licensure with a bachelor's degree, but some states require a master's degree within a set number of years as continuing education. Other education-related master's degrees conferred in the United States are Master of Arts in Teaching (M.A.T.), Master in Teaching (M.I.T.), Master of Science in Education (M.S.Ed. or M.S.E.), Master of Arts in Education (M.A.Ed.), and Master of Adult Education (M.Ad. Ed.).
A Master of Education degree, or M.Ed., is a professional, graduate-level degree geared toward individuals who are seeking to move beyond the classroom into administrative-level positions or other specialized roles. It is generally not a degree leading to teaching at a college level, though it can very well prepare individuals for employment in higher education management and student personnel administration, as well as becoming adjunct college instructors. Many online M.Ed. programs offer a specialization in educational leadership. Over the past few years, however, the opportunity to specialize in educational technology has also become increasingly available. While many M.Ed. graduates seek to become principals and school district administrators, others become reading or technology specialists. The Master of Education degree is sometimes referred to as a practitioner’s degree, because of its immediate and practical application to the school environment.
A Master of Arts in Education is perhaps the most flexible degree in the field, and often allows an educator to specialize in one of several concentrations. In addition to taking core classes in educational philosophy, child psychology, educational ethics, and education research methods, teachers pursuing this advanced education degree generally specialize in one of several fields.
Educational professionals who are looking to remain in the classroom often opt to pursue an online Master of Arts in Education with a concentration in either elementary or secondary education. At many universities, a concentration in special education is also available. Individuals who are looking to leave the classroom often pursue concentrations in educational leadership, technology, or counseling. This list is by no means complete, as each university offers its own options for specialization.
Overall, the M.A. in Education includes more of the theoretical study of education than most of the other advanced degree options. The Master of Arts in Education also offers an extremely high level of flexibility, and can help to advance careers both inside and outside of the classroom.
While the other advanced degree programs tend to be more widely known, the Master of Science in Education can also provide professional educators with the tools needed for success in the classroom and advancement in educational leadership. As the name suggests, this degree program provides ample opportunity for the student to take a more scientific approach to the study of education. Many of those individuals who choose to follow the scientific route concentrate on topics like instructional technology or educational research.
In many instances, M.S. Education programs that take a scientific slant tend to include coursework in statistics and educational evaluation and measurement. Educators who pursue the more scientific path generally leave the classroom, and in many instances, the school. They have excellent job prospects in the educational research sector. Many go on to work with school districts, state governments, or private research organizations to assess student performance and suggest policies that will boost student achievement. Others supervise technology initiatives for schools or school districts, work in distance education, or pursue doctoral studies.
Other individuals who pursue an MS in Education opt for a less scientific course of study, such as educational leadership, or literacy. In some instances, these programs resemble the previously discussed Master of Education degree, but at other schools, these programs place a much greater focus on the scientific aspects of studying education. In either case, the same opportunities for advancement as a school administrator should be available, regardless of whether one has earned a degree of Master of Science in Education, a Master of Arts in Education, or a Master of Education.
Educational Technology.
Educational Technology is a part-time program within the Faculty of Education at the University of British Columbia (UBC) in Vancouver, Canada, focusing on curriculum design and technology integration.
The one-year professional Masters in Educational Technology and Applied Learning Science (METALS) is an interdisciplinary program offer by Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, PA. It is jointly taught by the Human-Computer Interaction in the School of Computer Science and Psychology in Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences. The program is an outgrowth of the research conducted by the National Science Foundation’s Science of Learning Center, LearnLab, in which more than 200 researchers produced over 1600 publications and talks.
METALS trains students to design, develop and evaluate evidenced-based programs for learning in settings that range from schools to homes, workplaces to museums, and online to offline learning environments. Students with backgrounds in psychology, education, computer science, design, information technology, or business are encouraged to apply.
Electronic Business Technologies.
Master in Electronic Business Technologies is an interdisciplinary master's program offered at the University of Ottawa in Ontario, Ottawa, Canada.
Engineering.
The Master of Engineering "(Magister in Ingeniaria)" degree is awarded to students who have done graduate work at the master's level in the field of engineering. In the United States, engineering candidates are typically awarded MS degrees, although a growing number of schools also offer an MEng (e.g. the University of California, Berkeley). The distinction between the two programs varies between schools, but the MS is largely considered an academic degree, whereas the MEng is a professional degree. In the UK and Canada, candidates are generally awarded MSc, MASc or MEng degrees.
In Canada, the Master of Applied Science (MASc) is awarded to master's degree students with a research focus (having completed work leading to a thesis), while an MEng is awarded to master's degree students with a coursework focus and the completion of a research paper. The distinction between MASc and MEng is not definite since some universities grant only an MEng and some universities grant only an MASc, be it either research or coursework-focused.
In Francophone universities, however, the Master's Degree is frequently equated to the very often, lower-level, "Maîtrise" and is often abbreviated the same way as in English. For example "MSc" also stands for "Maitrîse ès Sciences".
The Master of Science in Engineering is a post-graduate degree to be differentiated from the Master of Engineering. It requires a thesis and qualifies students holding it to apply for a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Engineering.
Environment.
Environment - Available at Concordia University, Montréal, Québec, Canada.
Environmental Design.
The Master of Urban Planning (MUP), Master of City and Regional Planning (MCRP), Master of Urban and Regional Planning (MURP), Master of Environmental Design (MED) and Master of City Planning (MCP) are professional degrees in the study of urban planning.
Environmental Management.
Environmental Management
Environmental Science.
Environmental Science offered at University of Toronto Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Environmental Studies.
Environmental Studies
Finance.
The Master of Science in Finance is a common degree in the corporate finance and investment finance world. Finance's answer to accounting's MAcc.
Fine Arts.
The Master of Fine Arts (MFA) is a two- to three-year terminal degree in a creative field of study such as theatre arts, creative writing, filmmaking or studio art.
Forensic Science and Law.
The Master of Science in Forensic Science and Law is a degree program available at Duquesne University. It combines all applications of Forensic Science with Law and its application and legal use before a court of law.
Other Universities offer bachelors degrees in this field and several other universities have applied for accreditation for their programs from the American Academy of Forensic Science.
Forensic Sciences.
The Master of Forensic Sciences (MFS) is a specialized professional degree designed for law enforcement, lab personnel, attorneys, investigators and other professionals.
Forestry.
A master of forestry degree is offered by Duke University and Yale University.
Global Affairs.
The Master of Science in Global Affairs is a degree program available at New York University. The 42-credit curriculum is designed to help students unravel the complex relationships between nations and key international factors and make sense of world events. Coursework covers subjects ranging from economic globalization and the issues facing developing countries to conflict resolution and international law.
Health Administration.
Master of Health Administration (MHA) is a two-year degree similar to an MBA but instead is focused on health care systems rather than businesses in general.
Health Science.
The Master of Health Science is awarded to students who have completed a post-graduate course of study in health sciences or health policy fields, usually associated with the Public Health field. The MHS is often a more focused program for public health professionals, often with non-health professional backgrounds. This degree is abbreviated as MHSc in Canada. New degree programs in the US, include MSHS (Master of Science in Health Sciences) that relate to this same particular program type are also becoming more common as universities and medical schools develop more degree specialties throughout the US.
Historic Preservation.
The Master of Science in Historic Preservation (MSHP) is a graduate degree, often offered through schools and colleges of architecture, which focuses on the theory and practical elements of preserving buildings of historic importance. There are only a few programs in the United States, but all of the programs tend to focus on architectural conservation, design, history/theory, preservation planning, building analysis, and preservation law.
The Master of Arts in Historic Preservation provides training in the research, documentation, and preservation of the historic built environment. Typically the MAHP is differentiated from the Master of Historic Preservation MHP by an emphasis on historic research and writing, and is usually housed in history departments.
Historic Preservation.
The Master of Historic Preservation (MHP) is a two to two and a half year degree in the field of historic preservation. The MHP is usually considered a terminal degree, although a few Phd programs exist offering historic preservation as a concentration within another field such as community planning. Commonly MHP programs are housed in history, planning, or architecture departments. Interdisciplinary by nature, MHP programs typically consist of courses in architectural history, history and theory of preservation practice, cultural landscape preservation, historic resource documentation and evaluation, community planning, and rehabilitation philosophy and practice.
History.
The Master of Arts in History provides an opportunity for further study of the world’s great personalities, events, nations, trends, periods, conflicts, and markings of progress. Many students who graduate with this degree go on to become teachers, professors, historians, researchers, museum curators, and sometimes lawyers.
Humanities.
The Master of Arts in Humanities degree requires two years in an accredited college.
Industrial and Labor Relations.
Industrial and Labor Relations
Industrial Design.
Master of Industrial Design is a two- or three-year program in the field of industrial design.
The MID acronym is also used for a Master of International Development, which is a postgraduate degree in the study of developmental economics, non-governmental organizations and civil society, development planning, environmental sustainability, and human security.
Information.
The Master of Science in Information (MSI) is a graduate degree designed for information science professionals.
Information Management.
The Master of Science in Information Management (MSIM) is a graduate degree designed for information management professionals.
Information Systems.
The Master of Science in Information Systems (MSIS) is a graduate degree designed for information systems professionals. The Master of Information Systems (MIS or MSIS) is a 2 year degree geared towards professionals trained in both management and information systems. The culmination of both fields is often referred to as management information systems. The Master of Information Systems is sometimes extended with additional courses such as those focused on management (MISM or MIS\M), or information security (MISIS, MIS\IS).
Information Technology.
The Master of Science in Information Technology is a graduate degree designed for information technology professionals. It is generally based on core computer science subjects where knowledge can be used for advanced work, especially in Information Technology industry. Whereas the Bachelor level degree provides a well-balanced foundation in Information Technology, the Master degree allows the student not only further advancement of core knowledge, but also an opportunity to specialize in selected technology areas of interest. The Master of Information Technology is one of the most sought degrees in the field of Computer Science and Information Technology and is much sought-after by employers in the Information Technology marketplace. This degree ensures that the person who has attained this degree is competent in all key areas of Information Technology sector and has further advanced this with specialized knowledge, research, and publications.
Interactive Media.
The Master of Science in Interactive Media is a graduate degree offered by Quinnipiac University in Hamden, Connecticut. Through a balance of courses in interactive theory, media production, programming, Web design, and animation, students learn how to transform traditional media and original content into multimedia productions. The combination of study in the intellectual and production aspects of interactive media creates students that are innovative thinkers who understand the shift from legacy media to online.
International Business.
The Master of International Business (MIB) degree is a postgraduate degree designed to develop the capabilities and resources of managers in the global economy. It is ideal for those seeking to establish or accelerate a career in international business.
Emphasizing the practical application of specialized knowledge, the program equips management with skills tailored to the international business environment.
The Master of International Business focuses on strategic planning for international operations and provides an in-depth understanding of the organizational capabilities required for international operations, including specialized functions such as international marketing, finance and human resource management.
The degree may be thought of as an MBA with a particular focus on multinational corporations.
International Development.
Master of Industrial Design is a two- or three-year program in the field of industrial design.
The MID acronym is also used for a Master of International Development, which is a postgraduate degree in the study of developmental economics, non-governmental organizations and civil society, development planning, environmental sustainability, and human security.
International Economics and Finance.
The Master of Arts in international economics and finance is a two-year degree in the field of economics.
International Hotel Management.
The Master of Arts in International Hotel Management is a two-year professional graduate degree awarded by Royal Roads University that prepares individuals to succeed in senior and executive hospitality positions within the accommodations sector including hotels, resorts, and cruise ships. RRU delivers this 39 credit program through a combination of 15 credits during three-short term residences (two in Victoria, BC Canada and one in an international location), and 24 credits through on-line distance learning.
Internet Technology.
Internet Technology degrees are available online and on campus. The Internet Technology MS degree at The Seidenberg School of Computer Science and Information Systems at Pace University consists of a 12-credit foundational core, followed by a 12-credit concentration in E-Commerce or Security and Information Assurance. There are other programs available at other Universities in the United States.
Jurisprudence.
Master of Jurisprudence (M.J.) is sometimes used as an alternative name for both Master of Laws and Master of Juridical Science.Offered within United States law schools, students of an M.J. curriculum are often business professionals and/or Juris Doctor degree holders; who wish to enhance their knowledge in a specialized field of law. A Master of Jurisprudence is highly beneficial for those that need an in-depth understanding of the law within current executive level positions.M.J. students are required to develop a comprehensive understanding of the operation of law as it applies to a specified area of law. An M.J. program combines a combination of graduate level legal courses with MBA-style courses in concentrated areas of study. Master of Jurisprudence program offerings include but aren't limited to degrees in Business and Corporate Governance Law, Health Law and Policy, and Child and Family Law.The M.J. program is typically 24 credit hours and can be completed in two years; or longer depending on the law student's enrollment status.l
Landscape Architecture.
The Master of Landscape Architecture (MLA) degree is a professional degree in the field of landscape architecture.
Laws.
Master of Laws (LL.M.) is a graduate law degree, pursued after earning a first law degree in the U.S. or abroad, such as a LL.B. or J.D.. The LL.M. program typically lasts one year if taken full-time. For foreign law graduates, the LL.M. is similar to a 'study abroad program' and offers a general overview of the American Legal System. Domestic U.S. law graduates pursue the LL.M. for different reasons, largely academic. With the exception of LL.M. Programs in highly specialized areas where advanced knowledge in a field is useful (e.g., Taxation, International Taxation, Intellectual Property; etc.), the Master of Laws is designed for those intending to teach law, whereas the J.D. is a professional doctorate.
Leadership.
The Master of Science in Leadership is an alternative to, not a substitute for, the traditional Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree. The MSL degree requirements may include some business courses that are required in an MBA program. However, this degree program concentrates heavily on leader-follower interactions, cross-cultural communications, coaching, team development, project leadership, and behavioral motivation theories; it does not concentrate on financial or quantitative analysis, marketing, or accounting which are common in MBA programs. The degree program is appealing to people in well-established careers already. The MSL degree is similar to the Master of Organizational Leadership (MSOL) degree.
Liberal Studies.
The Master of Arts in Liberal Studies (MALS) Master of Liberal Arts (MLA, ALM) and Master of Liberal Studies (MLS) are interdisciplinary master's degrees. Characteristics that distinguish these degrees from others include curricular flexibility, interdisciplinary synthesis via Master's thesis or capstone project, and optional part-time enrollment.
Library Science.
A Master of Library Science (MLS) degree is the culmination of an interdisciplinary program encompassing information science, information management, librarianship, and/or related topics. Modern variants include Master of Library and Information Studies (MLIS), Master of Science in Information Studies (MSIS), Master of Librarianship, Master of Information Management and Systems (MIMS), Master of Science in Library Science (MSLS), and others. Some universities use standard degree titles such as Master of Arts while others, such as the University of Michigan, use Master of Arts in Library Science (AMLS). (University of Iowa) and Master of Science (University of Illinois) for their Library Science master's degrees.
Logistics, Trade, and Transportation.
The Master of Science in Logistics, Trade, and Transportation (MS LTT) at the University of Southern Mississippi [http://www.usm.edu/logistics-trade-transportation/online-master-degree-supply-chain-logistics-trade-and-transportation] is an interdisciplinary program of 30 total credit hours. This LTT program can be completed in one year and customized to meet career advancement needs. The MS LTT program comprises logistics, supply chain management, global trade and economic development, business, and other courses. These courses are delivered in several flexible formats including on-line, in-person, and executive/hybrid format to allow practitioners to continue to work while pursuing the degree.
Management.
The Master of Arts in Management (MAM), in the United States, is a professional graduate degree that prepares business professionals for senior level management positions and executive leadership of organizations and corporations (for-profit, nonprofit and public sector). The business MAM degree should not be confused with Master's degrees in Arts Management, which may be more numerous in the U.S.. The MAM degree is a specialized degree that focuses studies on all areas of business, e.g., strategic planning and leadership, marketing analysis and strategy, operations management, project management, human resource management, organizational design and development, finance, accounting, management and contract negotiations, statistical methods and applications, economic theory, and research.
A characteristic that tends to distinguish the MAM and MBA business degrees from other Master's degrees in business is the absence of in-depth study within one particular area of business. M.S. business degrees typically focus on traditional areas like Finance, Accounting, and Information Systems. The MAM student's courses cover advanced management and strategic leadership as they apply to all areas of business, e.g., accounting, finance, operations management marketing, strategic planning, and human resources. The MAM student "masters the art of management." MBA and MAM degrees are both Master's level business degrees that cover broad and general content.
Master of Science programs in Management involve course work focusing within one areas of business such as Management Information Systems, Finance, Accounting and other areas.
Management in the Network Economy.
Management in the Network Economy is a one- or two-year interdisciplinary post-graduate program that uniquely blends information economics, technology management and business administration, in order to forge leaders able to understand and manage the complexity of organizations and markets in the digital economy.
In certain universities, like the Catholic University in Italy, this Master encompasses typical courses of a Master of Information Systems Management (MISM or MIS/M) and the business knowledge you can gain from a Master of Business Administration (MBA) or a Master of Business and Organizational Leadership (MBOL).
Mathematics.
Either pure or applied. Usually a MA, sometimes an MS.
Marketing and Communication.
The Master of Science in Marketing and Communication (MCM) is an integrated marketing communication graduate degree offered at Franklin University in Columbus, Ohio.
The Master of Science in Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) is graduate degree offered at West Virginia University in Morgantown, WV through WVU’s Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism.
Marketing Research.
Master of Marketing Research (MMR) is a specialized degree in marketing focusing in research. Sometimes called a Master of Science in Marketing Research (MSMR).
Mass Communication.
The Master of Mass Communications is a two- to three-year degree in the field of journalism and mass communications that prepares degree candidates for careers in media management. Students typically undertake courses in media law, marketing, integrated communications, research methods, and management.
Medical Education.
The Masters of Science in Medical Education prepares physicians for careers as academic Clinician-Educator-Scholars through didactic training in medical education and research methods, and mentored education research.
Medical Science.
Medical Science is a two-year postgraduate degree in medical research, usually for those possessing a Doctorate of Medicine already.
Ministry.
The Master of Ministry is a two- to three-year multidisciplinary degree with a program typically designed to apply appropriate theological principles to practice-based settings and serve as a foundation for an original research project. Such a program responds to the need for structured learning and theological development among professionals serving Church, non-profit, public, and private sector organizations.
Typical concentrations (or majors) include: Missions, evangelism, pastoral counseling, chaplaincy, church growth and development, Christian administration, homiletics, spiritual formation, pastoral theology, Church administration, Biblical counseling, clergy, Biblical archeology, religious education, Christian management, church music, social work, spiritual direction.
Music.
Master of Music is a one-year, full-time or two- to four-year applied degree in the field of music.
Music Education.
Master of Arts in Music Education is a two-year postgraduate degree in the field of music education. Master of Medical Education is also a postgraduate degree offered to people who already possess an MD degree.
Natural Sciences.
The Master of Science in Natural Sciences (MSNS) program is a graduate degree program designed for elementary, middle and high school science teachers, stressing content and the processes of natural sciences.
Nonprofit Management.
Master of Nonprofit Organizations (MNPO or MNO) and Master of Nonprofit Management (MNM) programs offer specialized, graduate-level knowledge for individuals currently working in the nonprofit sector or in organizations that partner with the nonprofit sector or for those seeking a career in the nonprofit sector. The program provides advanced knowledge in nonprofit management, resource development, strategic planning, and program evaluation that serves to enhance the education and career development of students. This degree program provides opportunities for students to prepare for employment or to advance their careers as administrators in nonprofit organizations. MNPO, MNO, and MNM programs are offered through a range of academic units, including schools and departments of social work, business, management, public administration, and independent units.
Nonprofit Organizations.
Master of Nonprofit Organizations (MNPO or MNO) and Master of Nonprofit Management (MNM) programs offer specialized, graduate-level knowledge for individuals currently working in the nonprofit sector or in organizations that partner with the nonprofit sector or for those seeking a career in the nonprofit sector. The program provides advanced knowledge in nonprofit management, resource development, strategic planning, and program evaluation that serves to enhance the education and career development of students. This degree program provides opportunities for students to prepare for employment or to advance their careers as administrators in nonprofit organizations. MNPO, MNO, and MNM programs are offered through a range of academic units, including schools and departments of social work, business, management, public administration, and independent units.
Nurse Anesthesia.
The Master of Science in Nurse Anesthesia degree prepares students to master the intellectual and technical skills required to become competent in the safe administration of anesthesia.
Nursing.
The Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) is the most common title for a graduate professional degree in nursing. A few schools also use the titles Master of Nursing or Master of Arts.
Occupational Therapy.
The Master of Occupational Therapy is awarded to students who have completed a post-graduate course of study, and is now the entry-level degree for this profession. This degree is sometimes also conferred as a Master of Science in Occupational Therapy.
Organizational Leadership.
MSOL is a multi-disciplinary masters program that focuses on values-based leadership. The courses focus on the development of relationships between organizational members, effective decision-making processes, and an understanding of how modern technology can best support leaders. The MSOL degree is an alternative, not a substitute for an MBA. The programs are different in content and purpose. The MSOL degree is multidisciplinary and focuses more on people and organization issues, less on business topics such as finance, accounting and marketing. For example, in MSOL you will take courses in psychology and philosophy as well as courses in business and management. The MSOL degree is intended for those who are already established in a career. In contrast, those who are preparing to enter the world of work or change careers often seek an MBA degree. Although the MBA degree is more widely known, degree programs like the MSOL are being developed across the country because of increasing demand for ethical organizational leadership.
Pacific International Affairs.
The Master of Pacific International Affairs degree is a professional master's degree that provides training in various aspects of international affairs including International Business Management, International Politics, Public Policy, International Environmental Policy and Development and Non-Profit Management. The program requires mastery in a Pacific Rim language, quantitative and economic analysis techniques and a regional focus.
Pharmacy.
The Master of Pharmacy degree is awarded to students who have completed the four-year undergraduate Pharmacy course. Failure to complete the course, but having completed three years, usually awards the student a Bachelors degree in Pharmaceutical Science.
Philosophy.
In the United States and Canada, a Master of Philosophy or "Magister Philosophiae" (MPhil) degree is sometimes awarded to "ABD" (all but dissertation) doctoral candidates who have completed all coursework, passed their written and oral examinations, and met any other special requirements before beginning work on the doctoral dissertation. Such programs generally award the M.A. to students who have completed all coursework and preliminary exams (about two years after the B.A.), and the M.Phil. after advanced exams (comprehensives) and all language requirements have been met, and a dissertation topic approved (usually a year after the M.A.).
In other countries, assuming all requirements are met, the MPhil degree is generally awarded after about one year of full-time study towards a doctorate. The MPhil is considered equivalent to the former French DEA (Diplôme d'études approfondies) and Spanish DEA (Diploma de Estudios Avanzados).
Physician Assistant Studies.
The Master of Physician Assistant Studies is a professional degree providing training in the profession of a physician assistant to practice medicine based on the medical school model. This degree is also sometimes seen as an MS in Physician Assistant Studies (MSPAS), the Master of Physician Assistant Practice (MPAP)
Professional Counseling.
The Masters of Arts in Professional Counseling (MAPC) is a two-year program that prepares individuals for the independent professional practice of psychological counseling, involving the rendering of therapeutic services to individuals and groups experiencing psychological problems and exhibiting distress symptoms. Includes instruction in counseling theory, therapeutic intervention strategies, patient/counselor relationships, testing and assessment methods and procedures, group therapy, marital and family therapy, child and adolescent therapy, supervised counseling practice, ethical standards, and applicable regulations.
Professional Studies.
The Master's of Professional Studies (MPS or MProfStuds) is a terminal interdisciplinary degree and is sometimes used by programs that do not fit into any traditional categories. In some cases it is used as replacement for an MFA for programs with heavy technology focuses like NYU's Interactive Telecommunications Program. Other programs use it for Organizational Studies or interdisciplinary Social Science programs.
Professional Writing.
The Master of Professional Writing (MPW) degree is a professional graduate degree program that prepares candidates for a wide variety of writing-related positions in business, education, publishing, and the arts. Coursework in three concentrations - applied writing, composition and rhetoric, and creative writing - allows students to gain theoretical and practical knowledge in various fields of professional writing.
Project Management.
The Master of Project Management is a terminal professional degree awarded to students who have completed a post-graduate course of study, and is usually associated with construction management, urban planning, or architecture and engineering design management. There are a limited number of universities and schools worldwide to be accredited by the Global Accreditation Center of the Project Management Institute® PMI, they must meet the standards of the leading association for project management professionals.
Public Administration.
The Master of Public Administration (M.P.A. or MPA; MAP in Québec) degree is one of several Master's level professional public affairs degrees that provides training in public policy and project and program implementation (more recently known as public management).
MPA programs focus on public administration at the local, state/provincial, national/federal and supranational levels, as well as in the nongovernmental organization (NGO) and nonprofit sectors. In the course of its history the MPA degree has become more interdisciplinary by drawing from fields such as economics, sociology, anthropology, political science, and regional planning in order to equip MPA graduates with skills and knowledge covering a broad range of topics and disciplines relevant to the public sector. A core curriculum of a typical MPA program usually includes courses on microeconomics, public finance, research methods / statistics, policy process and policy analysis, ethics, public management, leadership, planning & GIS, and program evaluation/performance measurement. Depending on their interest, MPA students can focus their studies on a variety of public sector fields such as urban planning, emergency management, transportation, health care (particularly public health), economic development, urban management, community development, education, non-profits, information technology, environmental policy, etc.
Public Health.
The Master of Public Health and Master of Science in Public Health degrees are awarded to students who have completed a "post-graduate course" of study in Public Health. The MPH is considered a management/leadership degree specific to the fields related to public health while the MSPH is considered an academic degree, with a focus on empirical research methodologies.
Public Management.
The Master of Public Management is offered through Carnegie Mellon University Heinz College. This masters level degree is conferred upon those students who have completed a post-graduate course of study, and is usually associated with broadening the students' understanding of social, political, technological and economic processes, as well as paradigms of organizational and human behavior.
Public Policy.
The Master of Public Policy is a master level professional degree that provides training in policy analysis and program evaluation at public policy schools. Over time, the curriculum of Master of Public Policy and the Master of Public Administration (M.P.A.) degrees have blended and converged, due to the realization that policy analysis and program evaluation could benefit from an understanding of public administration, and vice versa. However, MPP programs still place more emphasis in policy analysis, research and evaluation, while MPA programs place more emphasis on operationalization of public policies and the design of effective programs and projects to achieve public policy goals. Over the years MPP programs have become more interdisciplinary drawing from economics, sociology, anthropology, politics, and regional planning. Depending on the interest, MPP students can concentrate in many policy areas including, but not limited to, urban policy, global policy, social policy, health policy, non-profit management, transportation, economic development, education, information technology, etc.
Public Service.
The MPS program provides a multi-disciplinary training that equips you with the knowledge, skills and experience you need for a career within any level of government in Canada.With rapid technological changes, shifting demographics, economic uncertainty and globalization, the Canadian public service needs employees with specific knowledge and ingenuity to ensure resources, organizational capacity and effective communications are in place to meet the challenges ahead. Whether working in policy research, financial management or community development, professionally trained public servants are essential to good government.
"The Public Service today must address a significant demographic challenge. For the first time, it has more employees over 45 than under, and it is facing the imminent retirement of a generation of valued employees … In this context, how can we ensure that Canada continues to have a strong and effective Public Service to help Canadians meet the important challenges facing the country in the years ahead?"
The Master of Arts in Public Service (MAPS) degree is a professional graduate degree program which offers specializations in areas of administration of justice, dispute resolution, health care administration, leadership studies, and non-profit studies. [http://www.marquette.edu/cps/m3_graduate_programs/public_service/index.shtml]
Quality Assurance.
The Master of Science in Quality Assurance (MSQA) is a graduate degree designed for quality management professionals in diverse industries including service, manufacturing, software, government and health care organizations.
Resource Management.
The Masters of Resource Management (M.R.M.) is designed for recent graduates from a range of disciplines, and for individuals with experience in private organizations or public agencies dealing with natural resources and the environment. Relevant disciplines of undergraduate training or experience include fields such as biology, engineering, chemistry, forestry and geology, as well as business administration, economics, geography, planning and a variety of social sciences. The M.R.M. degree provides training for professional careers in private or public organizations and preparation for further training for research and academic careers.
Sacred Music.
The Master of Sacred Music is a graduate degree combining academic studies in theology with applied studies in music.
Security Technologies.
Master of Science in Security Technologies (MSST) is a 32 credit, thesis graduate program for security as it relates to technology, intelligence collection, policy, law, cyber and physical security management, and security methodology. The program is within the College of Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota.
Social Work.
The Master of Social Work (MSW) is a professional graduate degree preparing students to become professional social workers, typically in either direct practice or community practice. MSW programs require students to complete an extensive field practicum, under mentorship of a senior social worker. MSW programs in the United States are accredited by the Council on Social Work Education.
The degree title MSW is not used in the US by all social work schools. The University of Chicago uses A.M. and Columbia University uses M.S. to name a few of the exceptions.
Strategic Leadership.
The Master of Science in Strategic Leadership (MSSL) graduate degree is an Executive Program in Organizational Leadership and Management Development, teaching the skills and knowledge in working effectively with people, organizational systems, and complex information. MSSL objectives embody development of a leadership skill set, strategies for problem solving, and solutions to facilitate and manage change applicable in business and not-for-profit environments.
Taxation.
The Master of Science in Taxation (MST) is a professional graduate degree designed for Certified Public Accountants (CPAs) and other tax professionals. "See also: Master of Accountancy"
Teaching.
Coursework and practice leading to a Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT) degree is intended to prepare individuals for a teaching career in a specific subject of middle and/or secondary-level curricula (i.e., middle or high school). The MAT differs from the MEd degree in that the course requirements are dominated by classes "in the subject area to be taught" (e.g., foreign language, math, science, etc.) rather than educational theory; and that the MAT candidate does not already hold a teaching credential whereas the MEd candidate will. The MAT often is the initial teacher education program for those who hold a bachelor's degree in the subject that they intend to teach. Work toward most MAT degrees will, however, necessarily include classes on educational theory in order to meet program and state requirements. Work toward the MAT degree may also include practica (i.e., student teaching). This abbreviation is also sometimes used to refer to a Master's in Theology (see ThM).
The Master of Arts in Teaching, or MAT, differs from the M.Ed. and the other Masters degrees in education primarily in that the majority of coursework focuses on the subject to be taught (i.e. history, English, math, biology, etc.) rather than on educational theory. While some online MAT programs offer a more general overview of the foundations of effective teaching, most MAT programs combine the study of widely established ‘best practices’ in the classroom with a focus on teaching within a specific discipline. Either way, the MA in Teaching is truly a teaching degree. Individuals who pursue the Master of Arts in Teaching generally choose to remain in the classroom. An MAT can also provide an educator with the appropriate credentials to become a department chairperson. The online Master of Arts in Teaching can offer educational professionals an increase in earning power along with instruction in the most up-to-date and effective instructional techniques.
Theology.
The Master of Divinity (M.Div.) is the first professional degree in ministry (in the United States and Canada) and is a common academic degree among theological seminaries. It is typically three years in length. Other theology degree titles used are Master of Theology (Th.M. or M.Th.), Master of Theological Studies (M.T.S.), Master of Arts in Practical Theology (M.A.P.T.), and Master of Sacred Theology (S.T.M.).
Urban Planning.
The Master of Urban Planning (MUP), Master of City and Regional Planning (MCRP), Master of Urban and Regional Planning (MURP), Master of Environmental Design (MEDes (planning)) and Master of City Planning (MCP) are professional degrees in the study of urban planning.
Urban Studies.
The degree is primarily focused on urban issues including planning issues.

</doc>
<doc id="9778137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778137" title="Dewal">
Dewal

Dewal also known as Dewal Sharif is a Union council of Murree Tehsil (a sub division), of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Dewal Sharif has the distinction of having the highest literacy rate out of all the Union Councils of Pakistan. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan it had a population of 11,052.
Notable people.
Dewal is renowned all over the Rawalpindi District in general and Tehsil Murree in particular for producing various people of notable decree; who have served the country in their respective fields of work.
Dewal and Dewal Shareef.
Dewal is a Sanskrit word means a small temple, but Pir Abdul Majid (Pir Sahib Dewal Shareef) who migrated to Rawalpindi in mid fifties last century and established a shrine with the support of Ex-President of Pakistan General Ayub Khan, in Faizabad between Islamabad and Rawalpindi translated and Islamized Hindu small temple common noun Dewal into Dewal Shareef.

</doc>
<doc id="9778156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778156" title="Environmental scanning electron microscope">
Environmental scanning electron microscope

The environmental scanning electron microscope or ESEM is a scanning electron microscope (SEM) that allows for the option of collecting electron micrographs of specimens that are "wet," uncoated, or both by allowing for a gaseous environment in the specimen chamber. Although there were earlier successes at viewing wet specimens in internal chambers in modified SEMs, the ESEM with its specialized electron detectors (rather than the standard Everhart-Thornley detector) and its differential pumping systems, to allow for the transfer of the electron beam from the high vacuums in the gun area to the high pressures attainable in its specimen chamber, make it a complete and unique instrument designed for the purpose of imaging specimens in their natural state. The instrument was designed originally by Gerasimos Danilatos while working at the University of New South Wales.
History.
Starting with Manfred von Ardenne, early attempts have been reported on the examination of specimens inside "environmental" cells with water or atmospheric gas, in conjunction with conventional and scanning transmission types of electron microscopes. However, the first images of wet specimens in an SEM were reported by Lane in 1970 when he injected a fine jet of water vapor over the point of observation at the specimen surface; the gas diffused away into the vacuum of the specimen chamber without any modification to the instrument. Further, Shah and Beckett reported the use of differentially pumped cells or chambers to presumably maintain botanical specimens conductive in order to allow the use of the absorbed specimen current mode for signal detection in 1977 and in 1979. Spivak "et al." reported the design and use of various environmental cell detection configurations in a SEM including differential pumping, or the use of electron transparent films to maintain the specimens in their wet state in 1977. Those cells, by their nature, had only limited application use and no further development was done. In 1974, an improved approach was reported by Robinson with the use of a backscattered electron detector and differential vacuum pumping with a single aperture and the introduction of water vapor around 600 Pa pressure at the freezing point of temperature. However, neither of those approaches produced a stable enough instrument for routine operation. Starting work with Robinson in 1978 at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Danilatos undertook a thorough quantitative study and experimentation that resulted in a stable operation of the microscope at room temperature and high pressures up to 7000 Pa, as reported in 1979. In the following years, Danilatos, working independently, reported a series of works on the design and construction of an environmental or atmospheric scanning electron microscope (ASEM) capable of working at any pressure from vacuum up to one atmosphere. These early works involved the optimization of the differential pumping system together with backscattered electron (BSE) detectors until 1983, when he invented the use of the environmental gas itself as a detection medium. The decade of 1980 closed with the publication of two major works comprehensively dealing with the foundations of ESEM and the theory of the gaseous detection device (GDD). Furthermore, in 1988, the first commercial ESEM was exhibited in New Orleans by ElectroScan Corporation, a venture capital company wishing to commercialize the Danilatos ESEM. The company placed an emphasis on the secondary electron (SE) mode of the GDD and secured the monopoly of the commercial ESEM with a series of additional key patents. Philips and FEI companies succeeded ElectroScan in providing commercial ESEM instruments. With the expiration of key patents and assistance by Danilatos, new commercial instruments have been recently added to the market by LEO (succeeded by Carl Zeiss SMT). Further improvements have been reported to date from work on the original experimental prototype ESEM in Sydney and from numerous other workers using the commercial ESEM in a wide variety of applications worldwide. An early comprehensive bibliography was compiled in 1993 by Danilatos, whilst a more recent survey can be found in a Ph.D. Thesis by Morgan (2005).
How it works.
An ESEM employs a scanned electron beam and electromagnetic lenses to focus and direct the beam on the specimen surface in an identical way as a conventional SEM. A very small focused electron spot (probe) is scanned in a raster form over a small specimen area. The beam electrons interact with the specimen surface layer and produce various signals (information) that are collected with appropriate detectors. The output of these detectors modulates, via appropriate electronics, the screen of a monitor to form an image that corresponds to the small raster and information, pixel by pixel, emanating from the specimen surface. Beyond these common principles, the ESEM deviates substantially from a SEM in several respects, all of which are important in the correct design and operation of the instrument. The outline below highlights these requirements and how the system works.
Differential pumping.
The specimen chamber sustaining the high-pressure gaseous environment is separated from the high vacuum of the electron optics column with at least two small orifices customarily referred to as pressure-limiting apertures (PLA). The gas leaking through the first aperture (PLA1) is quickly removed from the system with a pump that maintains a much lower pressure in the downstream region (i.e. immediately above the aperture). This is called differential pumping. Some gas escapes further from the low pressure region (stage 1) through a second pressure limiting aperture (PLA2) into the vacuum region of the column above, which constitutes a second stage differential pumping (stage 2). A schematic diagram shows the basic ESEM gas pressure stages including the specimen chamber, intermediate cavity and upper electron optics column. The corresponding pressures achieved are p0Â»p1Â»p2, which is a sufficient condition for a microscope employing a tungsten type of electron gun. Additional pumping stages may be added to achieve an even higher vacuum as required for a LaB6 and field emission type electron guns. The design and shape of a pressure limiting aperture are critical in obtaining the sharpest possible pressure gradient (transition) through it. This is achieved with an orifice made on a thin plate and tapered in the downstream direction as shown in the accompanying isodensity contours of a gas flowing through the PLA1. This was done with a computer simulation of the gas molecule collisions and movement through space in real time. We can immediately see in the figure of the isodensity contours of gas through aperture that the gas density decreases by about two orders of magnitude over the length of a few aperture radii. This is a quantitatively vivid demonstration of a first principle that enables the separation of the high-pressure specimen chamber from the low pressure and vacuum regions above.
By such means, the gas flow fields have been studied in a variety of instrument situations, in which subsequently the electron beam transfer has been quantified.
Electron beam transfer.
By the use of differential pumping, an electron beam is generated and propagated freely in the vacuum of the upper column, from the electron gun down to PLA2, from which point onwards the electron beam gradually loses electrons due to electron scattering by gas molecules. Initially, the amount of electron scattering is negligible inside the intermediate cavity, but as the beam encounters an increasingly denser gas jet formed by the PLA1, the losses become significant. After the beam enters the specimen chamber, the electron losses increase exponentially at a rate depending on the prevailing pressure, the nature of gas and the accelerating voltage of the beam. The fraction of beam transmitted along the PLA1 axis can be seen by a set of characteristic curves for a given product p0D, where D is the aperture diameter. Eventually, the electron beam becomes totally scattered and lost, but before this happens, a useful amount of electrons is retained in the original focused spot over a finite distance, which can still be used for imaging. This is possible because the removed electrons are scattered and distributed over a broad area like a skirt (electron skirt) surrounding the focused spot. Because the electron skirt width is orders of magnitude greater than the spot width, with orders of magnitude less current density, the skirt contributes only background (signal) noise without partaking in the contrast generated by the central spot. The particular conditions of pressure, distance and beam voltage over which the electron beam remains useful for imaging purposes has been termed oligo-scattering regime in distinction from single-, plural- and multiple-scattering regimes used in prior literature.
For a given beam accelerating voltage and gas, the distance L from PLA1, over which useful imaging is possible, is inversely proportional to the chamber pressure p0. As a rule of thumb, for a 5 kV beam in air, it is required that the product p0L = 1 Pa·m or less. By this second principle of electron beam transfer, the design and operation of an ESEM is centered on refining and miniaturizing all the devices controlling the specimen movement and manipulation, and signal detection. The problem then reduces to achieving sufficient engineering precision for the instrument to operate close to its physical limit, corresponding to optimum performance and range of capabilities. A figure of merit has been introduced to account for any deviation by a given machine from the optimum performance capability.
Signal detection.
The electron beam impinges on the specimen and penetrates to a certain depth depending on the accelerating voltage and the specimen nature. From the ensuing interaction, signals are generated in the same way as in a SEM. Thus, we get secondary and backscattered electrons, X-rays and cathodoluminescence (light). All of these signals are detected also in the ESEM but with certain differences in the detector design and principles used.
Secondary electrons.
The conventional secondary electron detector of SEM (Everhart-Thornley detector) cannot be used in the presence of gas because of an electrical discharge (arcing) caused by the kilovolt bias associated with this detector. In lieu of this, the environmental gas itself has been used as a detector for imaging in this mode:
Gaseous detection device.
In a simple form, the gaseous detection device (GDD) employs an electrode with a voltage up to several hundred volts to collect the secondary electrons in the ESEM. The principle of this detector is best described by considering two parallel plates at a distance d apart with a potential difference V generating a uniform electric field E = V/d as shown in the accompanying diagram of the GDD. This configuration is taken from the theory of the detector and a book chapter on ESEM. Secondary electrons released from the specimen at the point of beam impingement are driven by the field force towards the anode electrode but the electrons also move radially due to thermal diffusion from collisions with the gas molecules. The variation of electron collection fraction R within anode radius r vs. r/d, for fixed values of anode bias V, at constant product of (pressure·distance) p·d = 1 Pa·m, is given by the accompanying characteristic curves of efficiency of the GDD. All of the secondary electrons are detected if the parameters of this device are properly designed. This clearly shows that practically 100% efficiency is possible within a small radius of collector electrode with only moderate bias. At these levels of bias, no catastrophic discharge takes place. Instead, a controlled proportional multiplication of electrons is generated as the electrons collide with gas molecules releasing new electrons on their way to the anode. This principle of avalanche amplification operates similarly to proportional amplifiers used in nuclear physics detectors. The signal thus picked up by the anode is further amplified and processed to modulate a display screen and form an image as in SEM. Notably, in this design and the associated gaseous electron amplification, the product p·d is an independent parameter, so that there is a wide range of values of pressure and electrode geometry which can be described by the same characteristics. The consequence of this analysis is that the secondary electrons are possible to detect in a gaseous environment even at high pressures, depending on the engineering efficacy of any given instrument.
As a further characteristic of the GDD, a gaseous scintillation avalanche also accompanies the electron avalanche and, by detection of the light produced with a photo-multiplier, corresponding SE images can be routinely made. The frequency response of this mode has allowed the use of true TV scanning rates. This mode of the detector has been employed by a latest generation of commercial instruments.
The novel GDD has become possible first in the ESEM and has produced a practically 100% SE collection efficiency not previously possible with the Everhadt-Thornley SE detector where the free trajectories of electrons in vacuum cannot all be bent towards the detector. As is further explained below, backscattered electrons can also be detected by the signal-gas interactions, so that various parameters of this generalized gaseous detector must be controlled to separate the BSE component out of the SE image. In this connection, some workers and the manufacturer have taken care to produce nearly pure SE images with their detectors, to which they have referred as ESD (environmental secondary detector) and GSED (gaseous secondary electron detector).
Backscattered electrons.
The backscattered electrons are conventionally associated with those electrons emanating from the beam-specimen interaction by having energies greater than 50 eV up to the primary beam energy for reflected electrons. For the detection and imaging with these electrons, scintillating and solid state materials have been used in the SEM. These materials have been adapted and used also in ESEM in addition to the use of the GDD for BSE detection and imaging.
Gaseous detection device.
The BSE operate in the gaseous volume between the electrodes of the GDD and generate additional ionization and avalanche amplification. There is an inner volume where the secondary electrons dominate with small or negligible BSE contribution, whilst the outer gaseous volume is acted upon mainly by the BSE. It is possible to separate the corresponding detection volumes so that near pure BSE images can be made with the GDD. The relationship of relative strength of the two signals, SE and BSE, has been worked out by detailed equations of charge distribution in the ESEM. The analysis of plane electrodes is essential in understanding the principles and requirements involved and by no means indicate the best choice of electrode configuration, as discussed in the published theory of the GDD.
Adapted detectors.
Despite the above developments, devoted BSE detectors in the ESEM have played an important role, since the BSE remain a most useful detection mode yielding information not possible to obtain with SE. The conventional BSE detection means have been adapted to operate in the gaseous conditions of the ESEM. The BSE having a high energy are self-propelled to the corresponding detector without significant obstruction by the gas molecules. Already, annular or quadrant solid-state detectors have been employed for this purpose but their geometry is not easily adaptable to the requirements of ESEM for optimum operation. As a result, no much use has been reported of these detectors on genuine ESEM instruments at high pressure. The "Robinson" BSE detector is tuned for operation up to around 100 Pa at the usual working distance of conventional SEM for the suppression of specimen charging, whilst electron collection at the short working distance and high pressure conditions make it inadequate for the ESEM. However, plastic scintillating materials being easily adaptable have been used for BSE and made to measure according to the strictest requirements of the system. Such work culminated in the use of a pair of wedge-shaped detectors saddling a conical PLA1 and abutting to its rim, so that the dead detection space is reduced to a minimum, as shown in the accompanying figure of optimum BSE detectors. The photon conduction is also optimized by the geometry of the light pipes, whilst the pair of symmetrical detectors allow the separation of topography (signal subtraction) and atomic number contrast (signal addition) of the specimen surface to be displayed with the best ever signal-to-noise-ratio. This scheme has further allowed the use of color by superimposing various signals in a meaningful way. These simple but special detectors became possible in the conditions of ESEM, since bare plastic does not charge by the BSE. However, a very fine wire mesh with appropriate spacing has been proposed as a GDD when gas is present and to conduct negative charge away from the plastic detectors when the gas is pumped out, towards a universal ESEM. Furthermore, since the associated electronics involve a photomultiplier with a wide frequency response, true TV scanning rates are readily available. This is an essential attribute to maintain with an ESEM that enables the examination of processes in situ in real time. In comparison, no such imaging has been reported with the electron avalanche mode of the GDD yet.
The use of scintillating BSE detectors in ESEM is compatible with the GDD for simultaneous SE detection, in one way by replacing the top plane electrode with a fine tip needle electrode (detector), which can be easily accommodated with these scintillating BSE detectors. The needle detector and cylindrical geometry (wire) have also been extensively surveyed.
Cathodoluminescence.
Cathodoluminescence is another mode of detection involving the photons generated by the beam-specimen interaction. This mode has been demonstrated to operate also in ESEM by the use of the light pipes after they were cleared of the scintillating coating previously used for BSE detection. However, not much is known on its use outside the experimental prototype originally tested. Clearly, ESEM is more powerful and meaningful under this detection mode than SEM, since the natural surface of any specimen can be examined in the imaging process. Cathodoluminescence is a materials property, but with various specimen treatments required and other limitations in SEM the properties are obscured or altered or impossible to detect and hence this mode of detection has not become popular in the past. The advent of ESEM with its unlimited potential may provoke more interest in this area too, in the future.
X-rays.
The characteristic elemental X-rays produced also in the ESEM can be detected by the same detectors used in the SEM. However, there is an additional complexity arising from the X-rays produced from the electron skirt. These X-rays come from a larger area than in SEM and the spatial resolution is significantly reduced, since the “background” X-ray signals cannot be simply “suppressed” out of the probe interaction volume. However, various schemes have been proposed to solve this problem. These methods involve spot masking, or the extrapolation technique by varying the pressure and calibrating out the effects of skirt, whereby considerable improvement has been achieved.
Specimen current.
In vacuum SEM, the specimen absorbed current mode is used as an alternative mode for imaging of conductive specimens. Specimen current results from the difference of electron beam current minus the sum of SE and BSE current. However, in the presence of gas and the ensuing ionization, it would be problematic to separate this mode of detection out of the generally operating gaseous detection device. Hence this mode, by its definition, may be considered as unsustainable in the ESEM. Shah and Becket assumed the operation of the specimen absorbed current mode if the conductivity of their specimen was assured during the examination of wet botanical samples; in fact, Shah by 1987 still considered the ionisation products in gas by SE and BSE as a formidable obstacle, since he believed that the ionisation did not carry any information about the specimen. However, he later embraced to correct role of gaseous ionisation during image formation.
Specimen charging.
The electron beam impinging on insulating specimens accumulates negative charge, which creates an electrical potential tending to deflect the electron beam from the scanned point in conventional SEM. This appears as charging artifacts on the image, which are eliminated in the SEM by depositing a conductive layer on the specimen surface prior to examination. Instead this coating, the gas in the ESEM being electrically conductive prevents negative charge accumulation. The good conductivity of the gas is due to the ionization it undergoes by the incident electron beam and the ionizing SE and BSE signals. This principle constitutes yet another fundamental deviation from conventional vacuum electron microscopy, with enormous advantages.
Contrast and resolution.
As a consequence of the way ESEM works, the resolution is preserved relative to the SEM. That is because the resolving power of the instrument is determined by the electron beam diameter which is unaffected by the gas over the useful travel distance before it is completely lost. This has been demonstrated on the commercial ESEMs that provide the finest beam spots by imaging test specimens, i.e. customarily gold particles on a carbon substrate, in both vacuum and gas. However, the contrast decreases accordingly as the electron probe loses current with travel distance and increase of pressure. The loss of current intensity, if necessary, can be compensated by increasing the incident beam current which is accompanied by an increased spot size. Therefore, the practical resolution depends on the original specimen contrast of a given feature, on the design of the instrument that should provide minimal beam and signal losses and on the operator selecting the correct parameters for each application. The aspects of contrast and resolution have been conclusively determined in the referenced work on the foundations of ESEM. Further, in relation to this, we have to consider the radiation effects on the specimen.
Specimen transfer.
The majority of available instruments vent their specimen chamber to the ambient pressure (100 kPa) with every specimen transfer. A large volume of gas has to be pumped out and replaced with the gas of interest, usually water vapor supplied from a water reservoir connected to the chamber via some pressure regulating (e.g. needle) valve. In many applications this presents no problem, but with those ones requiring uninterrupted 100% relative humidity, it has been found that the removal of ambient gas is accompanied by lowering the relative humidity below the 100% level during specimen transfer. This clearly defeats the very purpose of ESEM for this class of applications. However, such a problem does not arise with the original prototype ESEM using an intermediate specimen transfer chamber, so that the main chamber is always maintained at 100% relative humidity without interruption during a study. The specimen transfer chamber (tr-ch) shown in the diagram of ESEM gas pressure stages contains a small water reservoir so that the initial ambient air can be quickly pumped out and practically instantaneously replaced with water vapor without going through a limited conductance tube and valve. The main specimen chamber can be maintained at 100% relative humidity, if the only leak of vapor is through the small PLA1, but not during violent pumping with every specimen change. Once the wet specimen is in equilibrium with 100% relative humidity in the transfer chamber, within seconds, a gate valve opens and the specimen is transferred in the main specimen chamber maintained at the same pressure. An alternative approach involving controlled pumping of the main chamber may not solve the problem entirely either because the 100% relative humidity cannot be approached monotonically without any drying, or the process is very slow; inclusion of a water reservoir inside the main chamber means that one cannot lower the relative humidity until after all of the water is pumped out (i.e. a defective control of the relative humidity).
Radiation effects.
During the interaction of an electron beam with a specimen, changes to the specimen at varying degrees are almost inevitable. These changes, or radiation effects, may or may not become visible both in SEM and ESEM. However, such effects are particularly important in the ESEM claiming the ability to view specimens in their natural state. Elimination of the vacuum is a major success towards this aim, so that any detrimental effects from the electron beam itself require special attention. The best way around this problem is to reduce these effects to an absolute minimum with an optimum ESEM design. Beyond this, the user should be aware of their possible existence during the evaluation of results. Usually, these effects appear on the images in various forms due to different electron beam-specimen interactions and processes.
The introduction of gas in an electron microscope is tantamount to a new dimension. Thus, interactions between electron beam and gas together with interactions of gas (and its byproducts) with specimen usher a new area of research with as yet unknown consequences. Some of these may at first appear disadvantageous but later overcome, others may yield unexpected results. The liquid phase in the specimen with mobile radicals may yield a host of phenomena again advantageous or disadvantageous.
Advantages.
The presence of gas around a specimen creates new possibilities unique to ESEM: (a) Hydrated specimens can be examined since any pressure greater than 609 Pa allows water to be maintained in its liquid phase for temperatures above 0 °C, in contrast to the SEM where specimens are desiccated by the vacuum condition. (b) Electrically non-conductive specimens do not require the preparation techniques used in SEM to render the surface conductive, such as the deposition of a thin gold or carbon coating, or other treatments, techniques which also require vacuum in the process. Insulating specimens charge up by the electron beam making imaging problematic or even impossible. (c) The gas itself is used as a detection medium producing novel imaging possibilities, as opposed to vacuum SEM detectors. (d) Plain plastic scintillating BSE detectors can operate uncoated without charging. Hence, these detectors produce the highest possible signal-to-noise-ratio at the lowest possible accelerating voltage, because the BSE do not dissipate any energy in an aluminium coating used for the vacuum SEM.
As a result, specimens can be examined faster and more easily, avoiding complex and time consuming preparation methods, without modifying the natural surface or creating artifacts by the preceding preparation work, or the vacuum of the SEM. Gas/liquid/solid interactions can be studied dynamically in situ and in real time, or recorded for post processing. Temperature variations from subzero to above 1000 °C and various ancillary devices for specimen micro-manipulation have become a new reality. Biological specimens can be maintained fresh and live. Therefore, ESEM constitutes a radical breakthrough from conventional electron microscopy, where the vacuum condition precluded the advantages of electron beam imaging becoming universal.
Disadvantages.
The main disadvantage arises from the limitation of the distance in the specimen chamber over which the electron beam remains usable in the gaseous environment. The useful distance of the specimen from the PLA1 is a function of accelerating voltage, beam current, nature and pressure of gas, and of the aperture diameter used. This distance varies from around 10 mm to fraction of a millimeter as the gas pressure may vary from low vacuum to one atmosphere. For an optimum operation, both the manufacturer and the user must conform, in the design and operation, to satisfy this fundamental requirement. Furthermore, as the pressure can be lowered to a very low level, the ESEM will revert to a typical SEM operation without the above disadvantage. Therefore, one may trade-off the ESEM disadvantage with the SEM advantages/disadvantages operating in vacuum. A reconciliation of all these disadvantages and advantages can be attained by a properly designed and operated universal ESEM.
Concomitant with the limitation of useful specimen distance is the minimum magnification possible, since at very high pressure the distance becomes so small that the field of view is limited by the PLA1 size. In the very low magnification range of SEM, overlapping the upper magnification of a light microscope, the superior field is limited to a varying degree by the ESEM mode. The degree of this limitation strongly depends on instrument design.
As X-rays are also generated by the surrounding gas and also come from a larger specimen area than in SEM, special algorithms are required to deduct the effects of gas on the information extracted during analysis.
The presence of gas may yield unwanted effects in certain applications, but the extent of these will only become clear as further research and development is undertaken to minimize and control radiation effects.
No commercial instrument is as yet (by 2009) available in conformity with all the principles of an optimum design, so that any further limitations listed are characteristic of the existing instruments and not of the ESEM technique, in general.
Applications.
Some representative applications of ESEM are in the following areas:
Biology.
An early application involved the examination of fresh and living plant material including a study of Leptospermum "flavescens". The advantages of ESEM in studies of microorganisms and a comparison of preparation techniques have been demonstrated.
Archaeology.
In conservation science, it is often necessary to preserve the specimens intact or in their natural state.
Industry.
ESEM studies have been performed on fibers in the wool industry with and without particular chemical and mechanical treatments. In cement industry, it is important to examine various processes in situ in the wet and dry state.
"In situ" studies.
Studies "in situ" can be performed with the aid of various ancillary devices. These have involved hot stages to observe processes at elevated temperatures, microinjectors of liquids and specimen extension or deformation devices.
General materials science.
Biofilms can be studied without the artifacts introduced during SEM preparation, as well as dentin and detergents have been investigated since the early years of ESEM.
Commercial ESEM.
The ESEM has appeared under different manufacturing brand names. The term ESEM is a generic name first publicly introduced in 1980 and afterwards unceasingly used in all publications by Danilatos and almost all users of all ESEM type instruments. The ELECTROSCAN ESEM trademark was obtained intermittently until 1999, when it was allowed to lapse. The word “environmental” was originally introduced in continuation to the prior (historical) use of “environmental” cells in transmission microscopy, although the word “atmospheric” has also been used to refer to an ESEM at one atmosphere pressure (ASEM) but not with any commercial instruments. Other competing manufacturers have used the terms "Natural SEM" (Hitachi), “Wet-SEM” (ISI), “Bio-SEM” (short-lived, AMRAY), “VP-SEM” (variable-pressure SEM; LEO/Zeiss-SMT), “LVSEM” (low-vacuum SEM, often also denoting low-voltage SEM; JEOL), all of which seem to be transient in time according to prevailing manufacturing schedules. Until recently, all these names referred to instruments operating up to about 100 Pa and with BSE detectors only. Lately, the Zeiss-SMT VP-SEM has been extended to higher pressure together with a gaseous ionization or gaseous scintillation as the SE mechanism for image formation. Therefore, it is improper to identify the term ESEM with one only brand of commercial instrument in juxtaposition to other competing commercial (or laboratory) brands with different names, as some confusion may arise from past use of trademarks.
Similarly, the term GDD is generic covering the entire novel gaseous detection principle in ESEM. The terms ESD and GSED, in particular, have been used in conjunction with a commercial ESEM to denote the secondary electron mode of this detector.
Gallery of ESEM images.
The following are examples of images taken using an environmental scanning electron microscope (ESEM).

</doc>
<doc id="9778158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778158" title="St David's Hotel &amp; Spa">
St David's Hotel &amp; Spa

St David's Hotel & Spa is a five-star hotel situated in Cardiff, Wales, just off the A4232 road, and close to Cardiff Bay railway station.
History.
The first five-star hotel in Wales, the building features a sweeping sail-topped roof and a lofty atrium lobby. The 132-room hotel was owned by the Rocco Forte Hotels group, until purchased by Principal Hayley Group group in 2007. Situated on Cardiff Bay, the hotel overlooks Mermaid Quay and the Cardiff Bay Barrage.
Accommodation.
There are 142 guestrooms available including doubles, twins and suites. Guests can dine at the Tides Bar and Grill, at which Welsh cuisine is served.
The hotel has eight meeting rooms for up to 40 people. The Dylan Thomas room can a seat a maximum 270 people, and the Roald Dahl room up to 200.
Facilities.
The St. David's Marine Spa offers thalassotherapy as well as holistic and aromatherapy treatments. Facilities include a swimming pool, marine hydrotherapy pools and a gymnasium.
External links.
de

</doc>
<doc id="9778170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778170" title="Master's degree in Europe">
Master's degree in Europe

This page refers to types of master's degrees in Europe. Please see Master's degree for more information.
The Bologna process for standardisation of European higher education specified an undergraduate degree of at least three years called the "licence" or bachelor's degree, followed by a two-year diploma called the master's degree, then a doctorate, meant to be obtained in (at least) 3 years. Because of these indicated schedules, the reform is sometimes (erroneously) referred to as 3-5-8. The system applies to the European Higher Education Area.
The European Master's Market.
As indicated in the sections below, the Bologna process is far from accomplished. There are still large differences between the national higher education systems of the European nations (see the comprehensive report 'Bologna with student eyes' from ESIB). Through the Bologna initiatives and support of the European Union, Europe is unifying and standardising especially the structure of their Master's programmes, making them more and more accessible to foreign students.
An often cited advantage of the European universities is an advantageous cost/quality ratio. In Europe, especially continental Europe, universities are heavily subsidized by their national governments. In Germany, Scandinavia or Eastern Europe for instance, most Master’s programmes are totally free of charge. Recently, these governments are discussing the introduction of tuition fees. Sweden started charging tuition for non-EU students in 2010.
In the recent publication of the Times Higher Education Supplement, 36 of the top 100 universities in the world are located in Europe. There are large regional differences in the tuition fees in those top 100 universities:
Austria.
In Austria one obtains a Bachelor's degree after 3 years of study and a Master's degree after 2 more years of study. This is true for both the "research-oriented university" sector as well as the "university of applied sciences" sector which had been established in the 1990s (see also Fachhochschulen).
Medicine and dentistry pose an exception; these studies are not divided into Bachelor's and Master's degree, but take 6 years to complete and the degree obtained is called "Dr. med." (However this is not an equivalent to other doctoral degrees, as one writes a "diploma thesis" and not a "doctoral thesis" or "dissertation".)
In addition to traditional Master's degrees, Austrian universities also offer the Master of Advanced Studies which is a non-consecutive continuing education degree the degree. MAS programs tend to be interdisciplinary and tend to be focused toward meeting the needs of professionals rather than academics.
Before the Bologna process, the traditional Austrian equivalent to the Master's degree was the "Diplomstudium", leading to the title Diplom-Ingenieur (female title: "Diplom-Ingenieurin")(Abbreviation: "Dipl.-Ing." or "DI") in engineering or Magister (female: "Magistra")(Abbreviation: "Mag.") in almost every discipline. The Diplomstudium took about 4–6 years of study.
Belgium.
In Belgium, possessing a Master's degree means that one has completed a higher education (usually university or college) programme of 4 or 5 years. Before the Bologna process most university degrees required 4 years of studies (leading to a licence), but some programmes required 5 years of study. An example in the field of education in business/management was the 5-year programme of ""Handelsingenieur"" (Dutch) or ""Ingénieur de Gestion"" (French) (English: ""Commercial Engineer"") with an important amount of mathematics and sciences, and which corresponds to an M.Sc. in Management. This degree co-existed with a graduate degree in business economics (4 years) named ""Licentiaat in toegepaste economische wetenschappen"" (Dutch) or ""Licence en sciences économiques appliquées"" (French) (English: ""Licence in applied economics"").
Denmark.
In Denmark, a Master's degree is awarded. The MA and M.Sc. degrees and other Master's degrees are distinguished. The MA and M.Sc. degrees are similar to a traditional Master's Programme, which are obtained by completing a "higher education" with a typical duration of five years on an accredited Danish university. Other Master's degrees can be taken on an accredited Danish university, but these are made as adult (part-time) education such as the Master of IT (abbreviated M. IT) degree.
A large number of subdivisions exist, usually designating the area of education (e.g. cand.theol., cand.arch. and cand.jur.), though some have more vague definitions (cand.mag., cand.scient., cand.polyt., and cand.scient.techn., each of which encompass broad, overlapping areas of science).
The Bologna process has widely prompted Master's degree education to consist of either 180 ECTS and 120 ECTS credit cycles, where one academic year corresponds to 60 ECTS-credits that are equivalent to 1,500–1,800 hours of study. In most cases, these will take 2 to 3 years respectively to complete.
Finland.
In Finland, the introduction of the Bologna Process has standardized most of the degrees into the European model. The Master's degree takes 2–3 years (120 ECTS units) after the Bachelor's degree. In English-speaking usage, the degree title is named after the particular faculty of study. In Finnish, the degree is called "maisteri" in most fields. When precision is needed, the term "ylempi korkeakoulututkinto" is used to denote all degrees of Master's level. Literally, this translates into English as "higher diploma of higher education".
Medicine-related fields of medicine, dentistry, and veterinary medicine pose an exception to Bologna system. In medical fields, the Licenciate (, ) is an equivalent degree, the completion of which takes five (dentistry) or six years (medicine and veterinary), while the Bachelor of Medicine's degree () is gained after second year of studies. In fields other than medicine, the Licentiate's degree is a post-graduate degree higher than Master's but lower than doctor's.
In Engineering, the higher degree is either "diplomi-insinööri" (, literally "Engineer with diploma") or "arkkitehti" (, ) although in international use MSc is used. In Pharmacy, the degree is "proviisori" (). All such degrees retaining their historical name are classified as Master's degrees ("ylempi korkeakoulututkinto") and in English usage, they are always translated as Master's degrees. Some other Master's degrees give the right to use the traditional title of the degree-holder. Most importantly, the degree of Master of Science in Economics and Business Administration gives the right to use the title of "ekonomi", while the Masters of Science in Agriculture and Forestry may use the titles of "metsänhoitaja" (Forester) or "agronomi" (Agronomist) depending on their field of study.
France.
In France and many countries which follow the French model (like the Francophone regions in Switzerland, Belgium, Lebanon, Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia), higher education is divided in three tiers ("cycles universitaires"), leading to different degrees. The master's degree corresponds to the second tier. A master's degree is awarded to the holders of
France is also host to a number of private American-style universities like The American University of Paris or Schiller International University, that offer accredited American Master's degrees in Europe. Admission into these Master's programs requires a completed American undergraduate degree or a similar French/European degree that can be acquired in four years of study.
Germany.
Due to the EU-wide Bologna process, the traditional German academic degrees Diplom and Magister have mostly been replaced by the undergraduate Bachelor (3-4 year study programme) and postgraduate Master's degree (1-2 year study programme).
In Germany the "Diplom" (first degree after (usually) 4–6 years - from either a "Universität" (University), a "Technische Hochschule" or a "Kunsthochschule" with university status) and the "Magister" had traditionally been equivalated to the Master's degree, the Magister being a degree after the study of two or three subjects (one main and one or two subsidiary subjects), as common in Humanities or Liberal Arts, whereas the "Diplom" is awarded after the study of one subject, commonly found in Natural Sciences, Social Sciences, Formal sciences and some Applied Sciences. The Fachhochschulen or Universities of Applied Sciences conferred the "Diplom (FH)", whose length of study is between the Bachelor's and Master's degree. 
Under the harmonised system there is no legal academic difference between the Bachelor's and Master's degrees conferred by the "Fachhochschulen" and "Universitäten".
The German "Meister" qualification for a master craftsman is neither a degree nor is it comparable to the academic Master's degree. It, however, qualifies the holder to study at a University or Fachhochschule, whether the "Meister" holds the regular entry qualification (Abitur or Fachhochschulreife) or not.
Ireland.
Postgraduate Master's degrees in Ireland can either be taught degrees involving lectures, examination and a short dissertation, or research degrees. They usually are one of: MA (except Trinity College Dublin, where this is an undergraduate degree awarded 21 terms after matriculation, see 'MAs in Oxford, Cambridge and Dublin', below,) or MA, M.Sc., MBA, MAI, ME/MEng/MEngSc, MPhil, LLM, MLitt, MArch, MAgrSc, MSocSc, MCH, MAcc, MEconSc.
With respect to NUI post graduate qualifications, in general there is a simple distinction between MA and MPhil. An MA is a combination of taught (classroom) and research-based modules, whilst an MPhil is composed exclusively of research-based learning.
The "Magister in Arte Ingeniaria" (MAI), literally meaning 'Master in the Art of Engineering', is awarded by the University of Dublin, Ireland, and is more usually referred to as Master of Engineering. While still available (via two routes), historically it was the engineering Master's degree taken by the university's BAI graduates. Today the more common engineering Master's degree in the University of Dublin is the M.Sc..
A Master of Business Studies (MBS) refers to a qualification in the degree of master that can be obtained by students of recognized universities and colleges who complete the relevant approved programmes of study, pass the prescribed examinations, and fulfil all other prescribed conditions. An MBS can be studied in the following areas: Electronic Business, Finance, Human Resource Management, International Business, Management Information System, Management & Organisation Studies, Management Consultancy, Marketing, Project Management, Strategic Management & Planning and can be obtained from many universities in Ireland including University College Dublin.
The other universities in Ireland usually award a MEngSc, M.E., MEng or M.Sc. for their postgraduate Master's degree in engineering.
Italy.
The old university system ("Vecchio Ordinamento") consisted in a unique course, extended from four to five years or maximum of six (only Medicine), with a variable period (six-twelve months usually) for the thesis work. After the thesis discussion, students got the Master's Degree, simply called "Laurea".
This system was reformed in 1999/2000 to comply to the Bologna process directives. The new university system ("Nuovo Ordinamento") includes two levels of degrees: a three year Bachelor's degree, called "Laurea di Primo Livello" or just "Laurea" (e.g. "Laurea di Primo Livello in Ingegneria Elettronica" is Bachelor of Science in Electronic Engineering) and a two year course of specialization, leading to a Master's degree called "Laurea di Secondo Livello", "Laurea Magistrale" (e.g. "Laurea Specialistica in Ingegneria Elettronica" is Master of Science in Electronic Engineering). Both degrees include a thesis work with final discussion.
A student can apply for the Ph.D. level course, called "Dottorato di Ricerca", only after getting a Master's degree.
Medicine and some other school ("Facoltà"), notably Law, have adopted the reformed system only partially, keeping the previous unique course. Medicine is therefore still a six year course followed, possibly, by the specialization, requiring from three to six years more.
However, these Facoltà also have other courses organized according to the new system (e.g., "Tecniche di radiologia medica" for Medicine, "Consulente del lavoro" for Law)
Netherlands.
In 2002, the Dutch degree system was changed to abide by international standards. This process was complicated by the fact that the Dutch higher education system has two separate branches, Hoger Beroeps Onderwijs ("HBO", which indicates College or "University of Professional Education" level), and Wetenschappelijk Onderwijs ("WO", which indicates University level). HBO level education focuses more on practical and professional education while WO is academic and scientific.
Before the Bachelor/Master system was introduced, HBO graduates received the title "baccalaureus" (with the corresponding pre-nominal abbreviation "bc."), which was rarely used. On the other hand the HBO graduates with an engineering degree used the degree "ingenieur", with pre-nominal abbreviation "ing.", which was (and still is) used quite commonly. WO degrees consisted of several different titles, such as "doctorandus" (pre-nominal abbreviated to drs., corresponds to MA or MSc), "ingenieur" (ir. for WO level, corresponds to MSc) and "meester in de rechten" (mr., corresponds to LL.M.) These former titles are no longer granted (although they are still used, protected, and interchangeable with MA and MSc titles). The title of "doctor" (dr., corresponding to the PhD degree) is still awarded.
Prior to the education reform, a single program leading to the doctorandus, ingenieur or meester degree was in effect, which comprised the same course load as the Bachelor and Master programs put together. Those who had already started the doctorandus, ingenieur or meester program could, upon completing it, opt for the old degree (before their name), or simply use the Master's degree (behind their name) in accordance with the new standard. Since these graduates do not have a separate Bachelor's degree (which is in fact – in retrospect – incorporated into the program), the Master’s degree is their first academic degree.
In the new system, completed college (HBO) degrees are equivalent to a Bachelor's degree and are abbreviated to "B" with a subject suffix. Universities (WO) grant a Bachelor's degree for the general portion of the curriculum. This degree is a "Bachelor of Science" or "Bachelor of Arts" with the appropriate suffix.
Before one is admitted to a Master's program, one must have obtained a Bachelor's degree in the same field of study at the same level (although exceptions to this rule are possible, if the Bachelor's degree has nearly been obtained). This means that someone with a HBO Bachelor's degree cannot start a WO Master program; still, many universities offer a so-called 'bridge year', in which HBO degree holders can attain the WO Bachelor and continue into the WO Master program.
All fully completed curricula in the Netherlands are equivalent to Master's degrees with the addition of a "of Science" or "of Arts" to distinguish them from HBO Master's degrees, which are known simply as Master. WO Master's degrees focus on specialization in a sub-area of the general Bachelor's degree subject and typically take 1 year except for engineering studies and medical school where the Master takes 2 and 3 years, respectively.
HBO Master's are usually started only after several years of work and are similarly focusses on specialization. The title is signified by the abbreviation M and therefore an MBA would indicate a HBO Master's degree in business administration, but use of the MBA title is protected and it can only be granted by accredited schools.
Norway.
A complete overview of the degrees before the Quality reform of 2003 is to be found at the Academic degree#Norway page.
As a result of the Bologna-process and the Quality reform, the degree system of Norwegian higher education consists of the two main levels "Bachelor's degree" and "Master's degree". A Bachelor's degree at a Norwegian university/university college is equivalent to an undergraduate degree and takes three years (with the exception of the teaching courses, where a Bachelor's degree lasts for four years). The Master's degrees are either fully integrated five-year programmes (admission does not require undergraduate degree) leading up to a graduate degree, or two-year courses at graduate level which require an already completed undergraduate degree. Following the graduate level, education is given at the doctoral level, usually through a four year research fellowship leading to a PhD.
Before the implementation of this system, various titles were given in accordance with the field of study and the length of the course. For instance, a three year undergraduate degree in engineering would give the title "høgskoleingeniør" (Bachelor's degree), and a 4,5 to 5 year graduate degree in engineering would give the title "sivilingeniør" (Master's degree). That being said, these titles are still very common and are, although formally abolished, degrees granted earlier (see Academic degree#Norway for a complete list) are still being used, also by academic personnel.
Poland.
Currently there are two models of higher education in Poland.
In the traditional model, a Master's degree is awarded after completion of a university curriculum — a 5 year programme in science courses at a university or other similar institution, with a project in the final year called "magisterium" (it can be translated as a Master of Arts or a Master of Science thesis) that often requires carrying out research in a given field. An MA degree is called a "magister" (abbreviated "mgr") except for medical education, where it is called a "lekarz" (this gives the holder the right to use the title of physician and surgeon), a "lekarz weterynarii" in the veterinary field and a "dentysta" in field of dentistry. Universities of technology usually give the title of "magister inżynier" (abbreviated "mgr inż.") corresponding to an MSc Eng degree.
More and more institutions introduce another model, which as of 2005 is still less popular. In this model, following the Bologna process directives, higher education is split into a 3 to 4-year Bachelor programme ending with a title of "licencjat" (non-technical) or "inżynier" (technical fields), and a 2-year programme ("uzupełniające studia magisterskie") giving the title of "magister" or "magister inżynier". Nevertheless, even in these institutions, it is often possible to bridge the Bachelor education directly into the Master programme, without formally obtaining the "licencjat" degree, thus shortening the time needed for completing the education slightly.
Depending on field and school, the timing may be slightly different.
Sweden.
Prior to the full implementation of the Bologna Process in July 2007 degrees in Sweden could be divided between 'kandidat' (three years), 'magister' (four years), 'licentiat' ('magister' + 2–3 years of postgraduate studies) and 'doktor' ('magister' + 4–5 years of postgraduate studies). In engineering disciplines M. Sc was called 'civilingenjör', a four and a half year academic program concluded with a thesis. There was no direct equivalent to a B.Sc, however, a three year engineering degree with a more practical focus called 'högskoleingenjör' was close.
With the full implementation of the Bologna process in July 2007, a 'Master' (five years) was introduced in line with the criteria for the second cycle. The 'magister' will still exist alongside the new 'Master', but is expected to be largely neglected in favour of the new, internationally recognized degree. The M. Sc of engineering, 'civilingenjör', was expanded to five years and a new B. Sc was introduced to coexist with the unaltered 'högskoleingenjör'.
United Kingdom.
Undergraduate Master's Courses.
With Dissertation.
In the UK, many universities now have four-year undergraduate programmes (or five-year in Scotland) mainly in the sciences or in engineering with a research project or Dissertation in the final year. The awards for these are named after the subject, so a course in mathematics would earn a "Master in Mathematics" degree, (abbreviated to "MMath"), or have a general title such as "MSci" ("Master in Science" at most universities but "Master of Natural Sciences" at Cambridge), MBiomed, MBiochem, MChem, MComp, MPharm, MEng, MMath, MPhys, MInf, MML, MDes, etc.
In content the first two years they are generally identical to those of the equivalent Bachelor's degree while the third and fourth years are a combination of higher-level taught courses and a research project.
An example of an undergraduate master's degree in the professions in the United Kingdom is Pharmacy. In order to become a pharmacist, the undergraduate MPharm must be completed, followed by one year of pre-registration experience. A similar situation exists as regards Engineering.
The ancient universities of Scotland (St Andrews, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Edinburgh) and Dundee award a Master of Arts (MA) as an undergraduate degree after four years of study in Arts, Humanities or Social Sciences.
Without Dissertation.
There exist undergraduate master's courses for which completion of a dissertation is not required, with attainment being measured either purely by examination, or through a combination of testing and shorter written work. One such course is the four-year Oxford MMath course, in which a dissertation is optional.
The Master of Arts (MA) is awarded by the universities of Oxford, Cambridge and Trinity College, Dublin —without further examination— to those entitled to the degree of Bachelor of Arts.
Postgraduate Master's degrees.
Postgraduate Master's degrees in the United Kingdom can either be "taught" degrees involving lectures, examination and a short dissertation, or "research" degrees (though the latter have largely been replaced by MPhil and MRes programmes, see below). Taught Master's programmes involve 1 or 2 years of full-time study. The programmes are often very intensive and demanding, and concentrate on one very specialised area of knowledge. Some universities also offer a Master's by Learning Contract scheme, where a candidate can specify his or her own learning objectives; these are submitted to supervising academics for approval, and are assessed by means of written reports, practical demonstrations and presentations.
Taught postgraduate Master's degrees.
The most common types of postgraduate taught Master's degrees are the Master of Arts (MA) awarded in Arts, Humanities, Theology and Social Sciences and the Master of Science (MSc) awarded in pure and applied Science. A number of taught programs in Social Sciences also receive the Master of Science (MSc) degree (e.g. MSc Development Studies at the London School of Economics and University of Bath).
However, some universities - particularly those in Scotland - award the Master of Letters (MLitt) to students in the Arts, Humanities, Divinity and Social Sciences, often with the suffix (T) to indicate it is a taught degree, to avoid confusion with the MLitt (see Research postgraduate Master's degrees below). In the universities of Cambridge and Oxford on the other hand, the MPhil is a taught master's degree (normally also including a short research component), whereas the MLitt and the MSc degrees are offered as pure research degrees only. Some other universities, such as the University of Glasgow, previously used the designation MPhil for both taught and research Master's degrees, but have recently changed the taught appellation to MLitt.
In Business Schools a special Masters of Business Administration MBA type of a degree is available to those who have business practice experience. For example Salford Business School in Greater Manchester offers a degree which is only available to those who can show professional experience.
In Law the standard taught degree is the Master of Laws, but certain courses may lead to the award of MA or MLitt.
Until recently, both the undergraduate and postgraduate Master's degrees were awarded without grade or class (like the class of an honours degree). Nowadays however, Master's degrees may be classified into a maximum of four categories (Distinction, Merit, Pass or Fail), while others can have a more simplified form of assessment by only distinguishing between a Pass or a Fail.
Research postgraduate Master's degrees.
The "Master of Philosophy" (MPhil) is a research degree awarded for the completion of a thesis. It is a shorter version of the Ph.D. and some universities routinely enter potential PhD students into the MPhil programme and allow them to upgrade to the full PhD programme a year or two into the course. Advanced candidates for a taught postgraduate Master's sometimes undertake the MPhil as it is considered a more prestigious degree, but it may also mean that the student could not afford or could not complete the full PhD.
The "Master of Research" (MRes) degree is a more structured and organised version of the MPhil, usually designed to prepare a student for a career in research. For example, an MRes may combine individual research with periods of work placement in research establishments.
The "Master of Letters" (MLitt) degree is a two-year research degree at many universities, including Cambridge and the ancient Scottish universities, and is generally awarded when a student cannot or will not complete the final year(s) of their PhD and so writes their research up for the MLitt. Because MLitt is also used for a taught degree, the suffix (T) or (R) for "taught" or "research" is often added, so the more prestigious two-year research degree is called MLitt (R).
Like the PhD, the MPhil and MRes degrees are generally awarded without class or grade as a pass (the standard grade) or can, rarely, be awarded with a distinction.
MAs in Oxford, Cambridge and Dublin.
The universities of Oxford, Cambridge and Dublin award Master's degrees to BAs without further examination, where seven years after matriculation have passed, and (in some but not all cases) upon payment of a nominal fee. It is commonplace for recipients of the degree to have graduated several years previously and to have had little official contact with the university or academic life since then. The only real significance of these degrees is that they historically conferred voting rights in University elections, it was seen as the point at which one became eligible to teach at the University and certain other privileges e.g. the right to dine at the holder's college's high table. They still do confer some restricted and rarely used voting rights. The MAs awarded by Oxford and Cambridge are colloquially known as the Oxbridge MA, and that from Dublin as the Trinity MA, and would be usually distinguished respectively: MA (Oxon.), MA (Cantab.) and MA (Dubl.). "Oxon." here is short for Oxoniensis, "Cantab." for Cantabrigiensis, "Dubl." for Dubliniensis, meaning "of Oxford", "of Cambridge", and "of Dublin" respectively. The Universities of Cambridge and Dublin also offer an MA to certain senior staff - both academic and non-academic - after a number of years' employment with the university.
Until the advent of the modern research university in the mid 19th century, several other British and American universities also gave such degrees "in course".
Scottish MA.
In Scotland the first degree in Arts, Fine Art, Humanities and Social Sciences awarded by the ancient universities of Scotland is the Master of Arts. It should be noted the Science and Law faculties of Scottish universities award the BSc and LLB degrees respectively and the New Universities generally award the BA. The Scottish MA is roughly equivalent to an advanced BA from a University elsewhere in the United Kingdom, as it is an undergraduate degree. However, Scottish university courses are four years in length rather than the usual UK degrees, which last for only three years (but this is also true of Scottish BSc and LLB degrees), However, 3 year undergraduate degrees are available but do not include honours. Honours are conferred upon completion of the extra 4th year unlike the rest of the UK which confer honours based upon exam results. It is considered the norm in Scotland to undertake a 4 year course with honours and so when speaking to a Scot they will often refer to the 4 year course simply as a degree. Trinity College Dublin courses are also four years in length.
Other approaches.
As indicated above, even though higher education systems in Europe try to comply with the Bologna process, the process is not yet fully accomplished. Differences in methodology and curricula are still widely different in some cases. To mitigate this, several initiatives and approaches are currently tried, some of them with the support of the European Union institutions. Either in partnership or as private consortia, networks of universities in different countries are trying to work out shared curricula and adopt similar methodologies. In niche educational areas like translation and interpreting this has proved successful and the networks have become functional, i.e. European Master's in Translation and the European Master's in Conference Interpreting. While these are not mainstream developments, it may be noted that in these networks of universities a similar Master's degree certificate is offered for a given field, and the network/consortium collectively guarantees that these degrees have a high level of convergence.

</doc>
<doc id="9778174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778174" title="List of artists who reached number one on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart">
List of artists who reached number one on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart

This is an alphabetical list of artists who reached the number one position on the United States "Billboard" Mainstream Rock chart. The number in parentheses indicates the total of number-one hits for that band on this chart. The chart has been active since 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9778191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778191" title="Kareem Mortimer">
Kareem Mortimer

Kareem Mortimer (born October 17, 1980 in Nassau, Bahamas) is a Bahamian filmmaker that has completed several films: "Chance" (2005), "The Eleutheran Adventure" (2006), "Float" (2007), "Children of God" (2010) and "Wind Jammers" (2010). He is always working on several films, and there may be a few new ones in the near future.
THEMES.
Mortimer themes in both feature and documentary work deal with issues of identity and discrimination. His debut feature "Children of God" (2010) is the first narrative feature from the Caribbean with GLBT themes. Another project Wind Jammers (2010) which he co-directed with Richard von Maur is a children's film that deals with racism. Mortimer's films has gotten quite popular. "Children of God" (previously mentioned) was shown on the well-known television channel Showtime!

</doc>
<doc id="9778194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778194" title="Brinkley stick">
Brinkley stick

A Brinkley stick is a safety device used to discharge high voltage capacitors and ensure HT electrical circuits are discharged. The tool consists of a hook attached to the end of an insulated rod. The hook is connected by a length of insulated wire to a suitable ground or earth, often via a suitably valued resistor.
Named after Charles Brinkley, an amputee ferry boatman who carried radar staff across the river Deben.

</doc>
<doc id="9778203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778203" title="Master's degree non-Euroamerican">
Master's degree non-Euroamerican

This page refers to Master's degrees outside of Europe and North America. For more information, please see Master's degrees.
Brazil.
In Brazil, after a regular graduation, students have the option to continue their academic career through a Master (a.k.a. strictu sensu) or Post-graduation (a.k.a. latu sensu) degrees.
At the Master's degree ("mestrado", in portuguese, also referred as "strictu sensu") there're 2–3 years of full-time graduate-level studies. Usually focused on academic research, the Master's degree (on any specific knowledge area) requires the development of a thesis, presented (and defended) to a board of PhDs after the period of research. Differently, the "Post-graduation" degree (also referred as "latu-sensu"), also comprehends a 1–2 years studies, but do not require a new thesis to be purposed and defended, being usually attended by professionals looking for a complimentary formation on a different knowledge area than their original graduation.
In addition, a great part of Brazilian universities offers a MBA (Master of Business Administration) degree. Those, nevertheless, are not the equivalent of US MBA degree though, as it does not formally certifies the student/professional with a Master's degree (strictu-sensu) but a post-graduation degree instead. A regular post-graduation course has to comply with a minimum of 360 class-hours, while a MBA degree has to comply with a minimum of 400 class-hours. Master's degree (strictu sensu) does not requires minimum class-hours, but it's practically impossible to finish it before 1,5 year due the workload and research required; an average time for the degree is 2,5 years.
Post-graduation (latu sensu) and MBA degrees can be also offered as distance education courses, while the Master's degree (strictu-sensu) requires physical attendance.
Often serves as additional qualification for those seeking a differential on the job market, or for those who want to pursue a PhD. It corresponds to the European (Bologna Process) 2nd Cycle or the North American Master's.
Hong Kong.
MArch, MLA, MUD, MA, MSc, MSocSc, MSW, MEng, LLM.
Hong Kong requires one or two years of full-time coursework to achieve a master's degree.
For part-time study, two or three years of study are normally required to achieve a postgraduate degree.
MPhil.
As in the United Kingdom, MPhil or "Master of Philosophy" is a research degree awarded for the completion of a thesis, and is a shorter version of the PhD.
India.
In the Indian system, a Master's degree is a postgraduate degree following a Bachelor's degree and preceding a Doctorate, usually requiring two years to complete. The available degrees include:
Israel.
MA, MSc, MBA.
Post-graduate studies in Israel require the completion of a bachelor's degree and is dependent upon this title's grades.
There exists also a direct track to a doctorate degree for graduate students, which lasts four to five years. Taking this route, the students must prepare a preliminary research paper during their first year, they then have to pass an exam after which they are automatically awarded a Master's degree.
MEng.
This is relatively new degree, given by private colleges.
Taiwan.
In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees. The course offered for Master and PhD normally is research-based.
The most Foreign Friendly Programs in Taipei, Taiwan are at
1) National Taiwan University College of Management- Global MBA 
2) National ChengChi University - IMBA
Programs are entirely in English and Tuition fee cost less than would be paid in North America. As little as US$5000 for and MBA.
As an incentive to increase the number of foreign students, the government of Taiwan and universities have made extra efforts to provide a range of quality scholarships available These are university specific scholarships ranging from Tuition waivers, up to NT$20,000 per month. The government offers the Taiwan Scholarship ranging from 20,000-30,00 per month for 2 years. (US$18,000 - US$24,000 for a 2 year program)

</doc>
<doc id="9778209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778209" title="Newton High School (Kansas)">
Newton High School (Kansas)

Newton High School is the public secondary school in Newton, Kansas, USA. It is the only secondary school for USD 373. The school's campus and Cedar-tree surrounded parking lot make it a distinctive landmark in northwest Newton.
History.
Historically, Newton High School has been housed at three distinct locations. The original building was located at the northwest corner of 6th and Ash, the second location was the buildings located at northeast corner of Broadway and Poplar, then the current location at northeast corner of 12th and Boyd that was completed in the early 1970s.
As a result of a bond election that took place in 2007, renovation construction began on the school in 2009 and was completed in 2010. The renovation added several sections to the school and redistributed the rooms within the building; in this redistribution, safety and modernization were both heavy concerns. Aside from significantly changing the exterior of the school, the renovations also pushed the administration offices forward and relocated the school library.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Students from grades 9-12 participate in football, volleyball, cross country, tennis, girls and boys basketball, wrestling, gymnastics, bowling, swimming, girls and boys soccer, baseball, softball, Boys and Girls golf and track and field, bowling. Activities available include cheerleading, Railiners Dance Team, Azteca Dancers, debate, forensics, FFA, GSA, KFC, , Drama, Music (Vocal, Band, Jazz Band, Pep Band,Orchestra), Science Olympiad, Model UN, and FIRST Robotics Team.
Alma Mater.
Where trails meet and friendships grow, there's a school I know.
With a spirit proud and bold, fighting for the black and gold.
Upward, onward, ever forward lift your banners high,
hail to thee our alma mater, hail all hail to Newton High!
NHS Alama Mater

</doc>
<doc id="9778215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778215" title="Bill Meyer (artist)">
Bill Meyer (artist)

Life.
Bill (Chaim) Meyer (10 December 1942) Born in Australia, Bill Meyer graduated from Melbourne University in art history and languages and then from the National Gallery Art School, (later Victorian College of the Arts), completing his formal art training at the Royal College of Art in London (1972). Research at the Yidisher Visnshaftlekher Institut (YIVO) New York, as well as Yeshiva and Kollel learning, has provided much of the conceptual underpinning of Meyer’s artwork, and he was a visiting resident artist during the ‘80s and ‘90s at the Mishkenot Sha’ananim artists’ studios in Jerusalem.
Work.
Meyer established a fine art editioning studio in London during the 1970s at 10 Martello Street, Hackney, and printed for many artists including Genesis P'Orridge and Cosey Fanni Tutti making posters for the infamous "Prostitution" show at the Institute of Contemporary Arts in London in 1976, as well as conceiving and creating photo-events with Genesis and Cosey as performers and models.He has since continued to use photography, film and music in his work.[http://colsearch.nfsa.afc.gov.au/nfsa/search/summary/summary.w3p;adv=;group=;groupequals=;page=0;parentid=;query=bill%20meyer;querytype=;resCount=10 He has worked with a large number of Australian artists at Port Jackson Press publishing in Melbourne. During the eighties, while he was a committee member, and later when he was president of the Print Council of Australia,Meyer curated travelling exhibitions including the controversial "Print as Object". He also created "Gapscape", an exhibition of his prints and drawings which toured twenty-four regional Australian galleries. In 1995 he participated in "The Wandering Jew. Myth and Metaphor", curated and toured for the Jewish Museum of Australia, an organisation with which he has collaborated in numerous other curated and solo projects.[http://www.jewishmuseum.com.au Recent work includes the 105 metre charcoal on paper installation, "A Special Place - HaMakom", and experiments with Lamda photographic digital prints.[http://www.ludwintales.net:80]

</doc>
<doc id="9778218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778218" title="Matt Ford">
Matt Ford

Matthew Lee "Matt" Ford (born April 8, 1981) is an American left-handed professional baseball pitcher with the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
Baseball career.
High school.
Ford attended J. P. Taravella High School in Coral Springs, Florida. Ford was named Broward County High School player of the year in 1998–99. He was USA Today All-USA honorable mention in 1999.
Professional career.
In June 1999 he was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 3rd round of the draft.
In his first season in the minor leagues, in 1999, he was 4–0 with a 2.05 ERA at Medicine Hat, averaging 6 hits and 13 strikeouts per 9 innings.
In 2002 he was 9–5 with a 2.37 ERA at Dunedin, winning the Florida State League's ERA title.
In December 2002 he was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers from the Toronto Blue Jays in the Rule V Draft.
In 2003 he pitched in 25 games for the Milwaukee Brewers, with a 0–3 won lost record and a 4.33 ERA. Ford appeared in the 2004 Baseball America Prospect Handbook as the # 2 left-handed reliever on Milwaukee's minor league depth chart. He had bone spurs removed from his pitching elbow at the end before the 2004 season. In May 2005 he was released by the Brewers.
In June 2005 he signed as a free agent with the Kansas City Royals, but they released him the next month.
In 2006 he played for Rochester, the AAA team of the Minnesota Twins, and in 33 games was 1–2 with a 4.50 ERA, while throwing a fastball.
In 2007 he signed with the York Revolution of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball and he then played with the Bridgeport Bluefish of the Atlantic League to start 2008. He finished the season with the Schaumburg Flyers of the Northern League.
After not playing from 2009-2013, he signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates in January 2014.
Pitching.
Ford throws a fastball, sinker, 2-seamer, changeup (probably his best pitch; a difference off his fastball), and slider.

</doc>
<doc id="9778219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778219" title="Micrography (Microscopy)">
Micrography (Microscopy)

Micrography is also the art of using microscopes to make photographs. 'Micrograph' is an image obtained by means of a microscope and contains extensive details that form the features of a microstructure. "Etching" is done to improve contrast between phases by selective attack of some phases using reagents. Micrography is a Metallurgist's forte.
Optical microscope and electron microscope are extensively used in micrography or metallography and are indispensable. A wealth of information can be obtained from a simple micrograph like behavior of the material under different conditions, the phases found in the system, failure analysis, grain size estimation, elemental analysis and so on.
Micrography as art.
The microscope has been mainly used for scientific discovery. It has also been linked to the arts since its invention in the 17th century. At first scientists used the microscope to view and draw objects not visible with the unaided eye. Early adopters of the microscope, such as Robert Hooke and Antonie van Leeuwenhoek, were excellent illustrators. After the invention of photography in the 1820s the microscope was later combined with the camera to take pictures instead of relying on an artistic rendering. 
Since the early 1970s individuals have been using the microscope as an artistic instrument. Web sites and traveling art exhibits such as the Nikon Small World and Olympus Bioscapes have featured a range of images for the sole purpose of artistic enjoyment. Some collaborative groups, such as the Paper Project have also incorporated microscopic imagery into tactile art pieces as well as 3D immersive rooms and dance performances.

</doc>
<doc id="9778229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778229" title="Gen 75 Committee">
Gen 75 Committee

The Gen 75 Committee was a subcommittee of the British Cabinet, convened by Prime Minister Clement Attlee on 29 August 1945. The purpose of the committee was to discuss and establish the British government's nuclear policy. Gen 75 was dubbed by Attlee as the "Atom Bomb Committee".
Membership of Gen 75 comprised six ministers including: the Prime Minister (Clement Attlee), the Lord President of the Council (Herbert Morrison), the Foreign Secretary (Ernest Bevin), the Chancellor of the Exchequer (Hugh Dalton), and A.V. Alexander.
On 18 December 1945, the Gen 75 Committee agreed the initial step of building one or more nuclear reactors and the creation of the British nuclear power programme. Attlee appointed Air Marshal Viscount Portal of Hungerford, former Chief of the Air Staff, as Controller of Production, Atomic Energy (CPAE). Portal was aidied by a small staff of civil servants, some with experience of the earlier Tube Alloys project, and enjoyed direct access to the Prime Minister.
The Gen 75 Committee was the successor of the Tube Alloys Consultative Council that met from November 1941 to June 1945, under the chairmanship of Lord President of the Council John Anderson. Almost all details of the Council and its work were kept secret even from the War Cabinet, of which it was a committee. It was replaced by an official ministerial committee in February 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="9778238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778238" title="Yabby You">
Yabby You

Vivian Jackson (14 August 1946 – 12 January 2010), better known as Yabby You (or sometimes Yabby U), was a reggae vocalist and producer, who came to prominence in the early 1970s through his uncompromising, self-produced work.
Biography.
Jackson was born in the Waterhouse district of Kingston, Jamaica in 1946. One of seven children, Jackson left home at the age of twelve to find work at a furnace in Waterhouse. At seventeen, the effects of malnutrition had left him hospitalized, and on his release he was left with severe arthritis which had partially crippled his legs. His physical condition meant that he was unable to return to his previous work, and he was forced into hustling a living on the streets of Kingston.
His beliefs were markedly different from that of his Rastafarian contemporaries, believing in the divinity of Jesus rather than Haile Selassie I, earning him the nickname 'Jesus Dread'; This often prompted debate on religio-philosophical matters, and it was after one of these discussions that Jackson first headed towards a recording studio, having heard music ""like a strange ting, inside a my thoughts - like an angel a sing"".
Another spell in hospital meant that finding money for recording was difficult, but eventually the "Conquering Lion" single was released late in 1972, credited to 'Vivian Jackson and the Ralph Brothers'. Cut for King Tubby, the popularity of the song and its distinctive introduction (the chant of ""Be-you, yabby-yabby-you"") earned Jackson the nickname "Yabby You", which has remained with him during his entire career.
The next few months saw the recording of several more singles, released under different names on various record labels, (although usually credited to 'Vivian Jackson and the Prophets', and often featuring a King Tubby 'version' on the b-side); culminating in the release of the "Conquering Lion" album. A King Tubby mixed dub set, "King Tubby's Prophesy of Dub", was also issued, albeit on a limited run of 500 copies, helping to establish Jackson as a roots artist.
Yabby's success allowed him to branch out as a producer, and he began working with both upcoming and more established artists including Wayne Wade, Michael Rose, Tommy McCook, Michael Prophet, Big Youth, Trinity, Dillinger and Tapper Zukie, while continuing to release his own material.
Jackson continued to record, produce and perform (often with the aid of crutches) until the mid-1980s. He re-emerged in the early 1990s, issuing both new and old material, and his recordings have been the subject of several high quality reissues in recent years. In 2000 he released a singles remix project with Glen Brown. The album included remixes of "Conquering Lion" by Smith and Mighty, and a remix of Glen Brown by Small Axe and Terminal Head.
Death.
He died on 12 January 2010, aged 63, after suffering a ruptured brain aneurysm.

</doc>
<doc id="9778272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778272" title="Verdura">
Verdura

Verdura is a river of southern Sicily. Its source is in Lake Favara, and flows into the Sicily Channel at Torre Verdura, between Sciacca and Ribera. 
Course.
The upper reaches are known as the Sosio, becoming the Verdura after it is joined by the Lisandro. It is 53 km long, with a catchment area of 422 km². There are two hydroelectric dams, at Cristia and Favara. The fertile valley produces Navel oranges, almonds, wine and olive oil.

</doc>
<doc id="9778278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778278" title="B-Movie (disambiguation)">
B-Movie (disambiguation)

A B movie is a low-budget genre film designed to play before a main feature or, in modern use, a low-budget film with modest artistic aspirations or of an unconventional, energetic style. 
B-Movie may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9778293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778293" title="Brent Huff">
Brent Huff

Brent Huff is a former male model and actor, writer and film director.
Career.
He studied on University of Missouri.
Huff begin his career as a model after signing with Ford Models in New York and Nina Blanchard in Los Angeles. Huff has appeared in dozens of magazines, including "GQ", "Vogue" and "Glamour", and worked with top fashion designers Gianni Versace, Giorgio Armani and Calvin Klein. During his days as a model Huff was based in Milan, Italy as well as New York. While modeling, he won the role of Willard, the rugged leading man opposite Tawny Kitaen in the French cult classic, "The Perils of Gwendoline" (1983).
Huff's other works as an actor include "Falling from Grace "(1992) playing John Mellencamp's troubled brother. Mellencamp also directed the film. Huff also won acclaim for his role in "Girl's Night" (1998) with Kris Kristofferson, Brenda Blethyn and Julie Walters. Other films include "Beautiful" (2000) directed by Sally Field, "I Spy Returns", (1994) "Hot Boyz" (1999) "Hitman's Run" (1998), and most recently made cameo appearances in Sci Fi Pictures original films, "Dead and Deader" (2006) and the action film "Kill Speed" (2010).
Huff has worked as an actor-director in numerous countries including France, Italy, Germany, Austria, Thailand, Philippines, South Africa, Morocco, Argentina and Brazil. 
Huff appeared frequently in films directed by Bruno Mattei (such as "Strike Commando 2" (1988), where he played a tough war veteran Michael Ransom) and director Worth Keeter in "Hijack" (1999) and "Scorpio One" (1998). He made several television guest appearances on shows including "Mad Men", "The West Wing", "Cold Case", "Diagnosis Murder", and "JAG", among others. Huff had a recurring role where he played "Psycho" in the series "".
Huff could be considered to be an action film Movie star, because of his roles in dozens of B movies from this genre.
Huff played director Lawrence Brent in the television pilot "Hollywood Confidential" (1997) with Charlize Theron and Thomas Jane. 
Huff has also worked behind the camera, directing his first independent feature, "We the People" (1994; alternatively titled "Final Justice") with his friend James Brolin. Huff directed the hilarious dark comedy "100 Mile Rule" (2002) with Jake Weber, Maria Bello, David Thornton, and Michael McKean, "The Bad Pack" (1997), starring Robert Davi and Roddy Piper, and most recently the inspirational family drama entitled "Welcome to Paradise" (2007), starring Crystal Bernard and Brian Dennehy.
In 2007, Huff directed the action film, "Treasure Raiders" in Moscow, Russia. "Treasure Raiders" is one of the most expensive films ever made in Russia and features Russian star Alexander Nevsky as well as David Carradine, Steven Brand and Sherilyn Fenn.
In 2008, Huff directed Michael Madsen in the political thriller "Serbian Scars" which was shot on location in Belgrade, Serbia.
Huff wrote and directed the film-noir thriller "Cat City" in 2008. The film was selected to numerous film festivals and stars Rebecca Pidgeon, Julian Sands, and Brian Dennehy.
In 2010, Huff directed the legal thriller, "Last Will" starring Tatum O'Neal, Tom Berenger, Peter Coyote and James Brolin.
In 2012, Huff co-wrote and directed the hard hitting documentary film about teenage prescription drug abuse entitled, "Behind the Orange Curtain". Behind the Orange Curtain sold out four screenings at the Newport Beach Film Festival and was named "Best Documentary" at the Metropolitan Film Festival in New York.
In 2012, Huff directed two award-winning short films "Helpless" and "Hero". Helpless won best short film at the San Diego "Indie-Fest" and Riverside International Film Festival. Hero won best short at the Pan Pacific Film Festival, Brooklyn Film Festival and Family Film Festival. 
In 2013, Huff's documentary "Chasing Beauty" was picked up for distribution by the LOGO Channel. Chasing Beauty is an inside look at the intriguing, complex, sometimes petty and often heartbreaking world of fashion models. Huff secured access to the top models, agencies, make-up artist, designers, advertising executives and magazine editors in the world.
Huff was on the University of Missouri track team where he high jumped 6'10".
Huff dated Sharon Stone and Tia Carrere.
Huff is married to actress Shawn Huff (1989–present) Brent and Shawn's daughter is actress/model Bailey Huff.

</doc>
<doc id="9778305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778305" title="Pontotoc County Courthouse">
Pontotoc County Courthouse

The Pontotoc County Courthouse is a Late 19th and 20th Century Revival architectural style building located at the corner of 13th Street and Broadway Avenue in Ada, Oklahoma. The building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. The county built the structure in 1926. In 2011, the courthouse underwent extensive remodelling.

</doc>
<doc id="9778324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778324" title="USS Hamul (AD-20)">
USS Hamul (AD-20)

USS "Hamul" (AD-20) was the lead ship of a class of two destroyer tenders; she was most likely named after "Hamal", the brightest star in the constellation Aries.
Laid down on 6 March 1940 as SS "Sea Panther, a Maritime Commission type (C3 Cargo) hull under Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 40) by the Federal Shipbuilding & Drydock Company of Kearney, New Jersey. Launched in May 1940 she was delivered to the Lykes Brothers Steamship Company of New Orleans and renamed Doctor Lykes". After two trips to the Orient she was acquired by the United States Navy and commissioned as a cargo ship, USS "Hamul" (AK-30), on 14 June 1941 at Charleston, South Carolina, Commander F. M. Tillson in command.
Service history.
Cargo ship, 1941–1942.
In July 1941, "Hamul" rendered logistical support for the occupation of Iceland, prior to America's involvement in World War II. After working with General Electric in experiments on night camouflage, "Hamul" departed Boston in January, 1942 to head a convey of five ships with men and material to establish a base at Bora Bora, Society Islands. This mission completed, the cargo ship returned to the States via Chile, while she loaded 10,000 tons of nitrate. "Hamul" discharged the valuable cargo at Mobile, Alabama and remained there for conversion to a destroyer tender.
Destroyer tender.
1943–1946.
Departing Mobile 7 January 1943 redesignated as AD-20, "Hamul" tended destroyers and other ships in Casco Bay, Maine until April and then sailed south to serve as flagship of the Destroyer-Escort Shakedown Task Group in Bermuda. In the following 19 months she tended some 348 DD's as well as removing demolition charges from . This German submarine was the first capture of a regular enemy warship on the high seas by the U.S. Navy since 1815.
After overhaul at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, "Hamul" sailed for the Pacific 1 January 1945 reaching Saipan 12 February via the Panama Canal, Pearl Harbor, and Eniwetok. She remained there preparing amphibious craft for the massive Iwo Jima invasion until 27 March, when she sailed to Ulithi. At Ulithi "Hamul" kept busy repairing damaged craft returning from the Okinawa campaign until 6 May, when she sailed for the scene of the Pacific war's last major struggle. "Hamul" reached Okinawa on 10 May 1945 and remained there until February, 1946 to repair battle-damaged ships. With over 400 homeward bound veterans aboard, she departed Okinawa 10 February 1946. After discharging them at San Diego she proceeded to Jacksonville, Florida and subsequently Orange, Texas to prepare for decommissioning.
1946–1962.
As "Hamul" entered the final stages of the decommissioning process, she was called back into active service as station ship at Plymouth, England. Reaching the British port on 17 April 1947, "Hamul" remained there for three years tending various American ships and making quarterly cruises to Atlantic and Mediterranean ports. Again ordered to decommission, "Hamul" departed Plymouth on 17 July 1950, but the outbreak of war in Korea again called for every available ship. Going west via Norfolk, "Hamul" reached Sasebo, Japan on 23 October and began servicing the fleet operating off the Korean coast.
From that period on "Hamul"s career fell into a pattern of six months duty in the East, which took her to the Philippines, Hong Kong, Formosa, and other Asian ports and islands, alternating with a similar period of time in her home port, Long Beach. During the active fighting in Korea and the Cold War afterwards, she played a vital role in maintaining America's mobile presence in the Pacific. "Hamul" (AD-20) decommissioned on 9 June 1962 at Long Beach. Returned to the Maritime Administration, she was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay in Benicia, California.
"Hamul" earned one battle star for World War II service and one battle star for Korean War service.

</doc>
<doc id="9778351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778351" title="Fatfield">
Fatfield

Fatfield is a village in the City of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England. It formed part of the Washington new town.
The housing style in Fatfield consists of centrally located attached council houses (known as white houses due to their colour) and privately owned detached houses located in quiet cul-de-sacs on the outskirts. Washington Arts Centre is also located in Fatfield.
The southern part of the village by the River Wear is popular for country walks and the three public houses and working men's club that are situated on the banks of the river. The site of the original village is just to the west of the North Biddick Club. A school was originally built on the site of the old village, but was replaced by private housing several years ago.
Education.
Fatfield Primary School is located on Southcroft and educates around 235 pupils aged 4–11. The school has Investors in People status and Artsmark and Healthy School awards. At their inspection on 14 June 2007, Ofsted rated the school as Satisfactory, point three on a four point scale.
The older primary school (now demolished and replaced by modern housing) was located adjacent the Harraton Community Centre.
Scouts.
The First Fatfield Scouts were also located in the grounds of the old school and still exist there today, long after the school has gone. The 1st Fatfield Scouts Website give more info.
Publicity.
Fatfield had national publicity in the 1990s when the village was challenged to lose weight on the "Fatfield Diet" as part of a BBC television programme. Apart from the TV show, Fatfield is well known for the legend of the Lambton Worm which is said to have terrorised the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9778360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778360" title="Mihail Lascăr">
Mihail Lascăr

Mihail Lascăr (; born November 8, 1889 in Târgu Jiu, Romania; died July 24, 1959 in Bucharest, Romania) was a Romanian General during World War II and Romania's Minister of Defense from 1946 to 1947. 
After graduating from the Infantry Officer School in 1910 with the rank of 2nd lieutenant, he fought in the Second Balkan War and in World War I, being promoted to major. He became colonel in 1934, and brigadier general in 1939. 
On January 10, 1941, he was appointed commanding officer of the 1st Mountain Brigade, an elite military unit of the Third Army. On June 22, 1941, Operation Barbarossa (the invasion of the Soviet Union by Nazi Germany and its allies) commenced, with the Mountain Brigade entering Northern Bukovina. From there, Lascăr and his unit swung East, crossing the rivers Dniester, Bug, and Dnieper. He fought in the Battle of the Azov Sea, and then in the Battle of Crimea, remaining in charge of the Mountain Brigade until February 10, 1942. On March 11, 1942, he took charge of the 6th Division of the Romanian Third Army, and fought at the Battle of Stalingrad. He was taken prisoner on November 22, 1942, spending the years 1943-1945 in captivity in the Soviet Union. 
On April 12, 1945, Lascăr became commander of the Horia, Cloșca și Crișan Division; the political commissar attached to this Soviet-organized unit was the Communist activist Valter Roman. On September 12, 1945, Lascăr was named commander of the Fourth Army. He was a leader of the Electoral Commission of the Army, in advance of the general election of November 19, 1946. After a coalition led by the Romanian Communist Party won the election (through widespread intimidation tactics and electoral fraud), he was appointed Minister of Defense, holding this ministerial portfolio from November 29, 1946 until December 27, 1947, when he was replaced by Emil Bodnăraș. He was then Inspector-General of the Romanian Army until January 12, 1950, when he was discharged from active duty.
On June 7, 1947, he signed the decree establishing the football club "Asociația Sportivă a Armatei București", now FC Steaua București.

</doc>
<doc id="9778367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778367" title="Brynica">
Brynica

Brynica (German: "Brinitz") is a river in Silesia and Lesser Poland (Małopolska), Poland. It has a length of 55 km and is the main confluence of Czarna Przemsza. It has a source in Mysłów, and flows through Piekary Śląskie, Wojkowice, Czeladź, Siemianowice Śląskie, Świerklaniec, Katowice, Sosnowiec and finally Mysłowice where it joins Czarna Przemsza.

</doc>
<doc id="9778374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778374" title="Andrés Martinez (editor)">
Andrés Martinez (editor)

Andrés Martínez (born Mexico, c. 1966) is an American journalist.
He is currently the director of the Bernard L. Schwartz Fellows Program at the New America Foundation. In the past, he has worked as an opinion journalist and business writer, his highest position as editorial page editor of the Los Angeles Times, a position from which he resigned amid scandal.
Youth.
Martinez was born in Mexico to Jeanette B. Martinez (of Boston) and Alfredo Martinez Urdal of Mexico City. 
He graduated from Yale University with a history degree in 1988. He earned a Master's Degree in Russian history from Stanford University in 1989, and a law degree from Columbia University in 1992, where he served on Law Review.
Career.
Law (1992-1993).
After law school, Martinez practiced communications law in Washington, D.C. at the firm Verner Lipfer, and served as a law clerk for Federal District Judge Jerry Buchmeyer in Dallas.
Journalism.
Pittsburgh (1994-1997).
Switching to journalism, Martinez went to work as a reporter for The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette in 1995. 
In 1995, Martinez moved to the Post-Gazette's editorial board, where he served until 1997.
Marriage.
In 1995, Martinez married Katherine Collins Hall, an associate at Kirkpatrick & Lockhart, a law firm in Pittsburgh, when Martinez was 29 years old. The couple divorced but together they have a son named Sebastian.
The Wall Street Journal (1997-98).
Martinez went on to work for the Wall Street Journal as a business reporter in 1997.
Book on Las Vegas (1999).
In 1999, Martinez released his first book, 24/7: Living It Up and Doubling Down in the New Las Vegas.
The New York Times (2000-2004).
In 2000 Martinez became a writer at The New York Times. There, he served as assistant editorial page editor and a member of the editorial board. In 2004, he was a Pulitzer Prize finalist for editorials he wrote about how U.S. farm subsidies negatively impact the third world.
The Los Angeles Times (2004-2007).
After moving to the Los Angeles Times in September 2004, Martinez's duties were expanded to include oversight of the op-ed page and "Sunday Current", in addition to his responsibilities for the editorial page, upon the October 2005 resignation from the paper of Michael Kinsley, who had served as editorial and opinion editor. 
"Grazergate" Controversy.
In March 2007, Los Angeles Times reporter James Rainey wrote that the paper's publisher David Hiller was considering the cancellation of that weekend's "Sunday Current" section in response to an internal controversy regarding Martinez's role. Rainey wrote that the news staff of the Times, including editor Jim O'Shea, pressured Hiller to stop publication after learning that Martinez was romantically involved with Kelly Mullens, a public relations executive who worked for the firm that represented the section's guest editor, Hollywood producer Brian Grazer. 
Martinez called a staff meeting in hopes of quelling criticism, where he denied that his relationship with Mullens played a role in Grazer's selection as guest editor. Later in the day he filed a post on the Times opinion blog where he claimed several other editors were involved in the decision, denied Mullens played any role, and described allegations of a conflict of interest as "absurd".
The next day, Hiller canceled the section, and issued a statement: "We believe that this relationship did not influence the selection of Brian as guest editor. Nonetheless, in order to avoid even the appearance of conflict, we felt the best course of action was not to publish the section." Soon after, Martinez resigned his position (and then blogged about it), suggesting that he had been done in by the newsroom of his own paper, calling Hiller's decision a vote of "no confidence".
Legal fallout and allegations of harassment.
In August 2008, Martinez filed a lawsuit against ex-girlfriend Mullens, alleging that the public relations executive had cost him his job at the newspaper and tarnished his professional reputation. 
Mullens' attorney claimed that the suit was retaliation against her client, who had filed a restraining against Martinez earlier in the year.
Washington Post (2007-2008).
In November 2007, Martinez was hired by the Washington Post's website to write a twice-weekly political advice column called "Stumped". The column ran through the end of the presidential campaign in November 2008.
Public Policy (2007-Present).
In July 2007, Martinez started a new job as a fellow at the New America Foundation. In 2009, Martinez was hired to direct the Bernard L. Schwartz Fellows Program with the mission to "identify and support the next generation of American public policy scholars and writers" at the New America Foundation in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="9778383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778383" title="List of places in Sunderland">
List of places in Sunderland

This is a list of suburbs and places of interest in the City of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.

</doc>
<doc id="9778437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778437" title="List of primary statistical areas of the United States">
List of primary statistical areas of the United States

This article defines a "primary" metropolitan area as a metropolitan area that is not a component of a more extensive defined metropolitan area. The 574 primary statistical areas (PSAs) of the United States and Puerto Rico comprise all 169 Combined Statistical Areas (CSAs) currently defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the 405 of 929 Core Based Statistical Areas (CBSAs) currently defined by the OMB that are not a component of a Combined Statistical Area.
On February 28, 2013, the United States Office of Management and Budget defined 1098 Statistical Areas for the United States and Puerto Rico, comprising 169 Combined Statistical Areas, 388 Metropolitan Statistical Areas, and 541 Micropolitan Statistical Areas for the United States and Puerto Rico. A total of 574 of these 1098 Statistical Areas qualify as primary statistical areas, including all 169 Combined Statistical Areas, 122 of the 388 Metropolitan Statistical Areas, and 283 of the 541 Micropolitan Statistical Areas. The OMB currently does not use the term "primary statistical area", but the term is commonly used to identify the most extensive OMB defined Statistical Area for a given county or county-equivalent.
__TOC__
United States.
The following lists the 569 primary statistical areas (PSAs) of the United States with the following information:
Puerto Rico.
The following lists the five Primary Statistical Areas (PSAs) of Puerto Rico with the following information:

</doc>
<doc id="9778453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778453" title="Osterholz-Scharmbeck railway station">
Osterholz-Scharmbeck railway station

Osterholz-Scharmbeck () is a railway station located in Osterholz-Scharmbeck, Germany. The station is located on the Bremen–Bremerhaven railway. The train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn and NordWestBahn. The station has been part of the Bremen S-Bahn since December 2010.
It is also the point where the Moorexpress heritage railway line to Stade branches off the main line.
Train services.
The following services currently call at the station:

</doc>
<doc id="9778465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778465" title="Philadelphia High School for the Creative and Performing Arts">
Philadelphia High School for the Creative and Performing Arts

The Philadelphia High School for Creative and Performing Arts is a magnet school in South Philadelphia, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is a part of the School District of Philadelphia. Students major in one of seven areas: Creative Writing, Instrumental Music, Visual Arts, Theater, Dance, Vocal Music, and Film. The school, commonly referred to as CAPA, is currently located on South Broad Street, in the old Ridgway Library.
History.
CAPA was started as an integration school. The school was originally located in the Atlantic building at Broad and Spruce Streets. Here CAPA shared space and rubbed shoulders with the Philadelphia College of the Arts (now the University of the Arts (UA)). CAPA was located in rented space at 260 S. Broad St. Beginning in September 1984, it moved into Palumbo Elementary in South Philadelphia, a school that was directly adjacent to a now demolished high rise housing project. Originally the school board was planning to close Palumbo, but it canceled the closure so CAPA could have space. The staff and administration worked for years to find a new space for the school.
In 1997 CAPA moved into a new location at Broad and Christian Streets, the restored Ridgway Library building. The school received a huge budget ($80,000) to help create CAPA's above average tools needed to succeed in the arts (film studios, dance studios, lights for professional theatre and backup generator for them).
From February 6, 1978–present CAPA has held and taught many students, and has become a permanent part of the Avenue of the Arts.
Creative writing.
Creative Writing (CW) is responsible for various school publications and events such as the United Writers and Artists literary magazine, the Painted Word newspaper, and the written scripts of some school productions. Many writers are also a part of the yearbook staff.
Every year, under faculty supervision, the creative writing majors get together to put on their own show, traditionally known as the Writers' Cafe, an expose where many creative writing students perform original pieces they have authored, ranging from simple poetry reading to dramatic performance art.
Dance.
The CAPA Dance Department instructs their students in different levels of Ballet, Modern, Jazz, Tap, Hip- Hop under the direction of LaDeva Davis. Dance majors perform annually in the Thanksgiving Day Parade as well as the Cherry Blossom Festival in the nation's capital they also help improve dancing as well as give students a good learning enviorment 
Instrumental music.
The CAPA Instrumental Department encompasses a wide variety of performances and ensembles, including Concert Band, Orchestra, String ensembles, Jazz ensemble and a number of smaller groups. Students participate in these ensembles on a daily basis and are also instructed in such topics as music theory, composition and improvisation. CAPA students are integral members of the All-Philadelphia High School music ensembles and have participated in the Pennsylvania Music Educators Association ensemble program at the District, Regional and All-State levels.
Graduates of the CAPA instrumental program have attended some of America's finest Colleges, Universities and Conservatories, including the Juilliard School, Curtis Institute, the Peabody Conservatory, Oberlin Conservatory of Music and the New England Conservatory of Music.
The instrumentalists have taken trips to play all over the Tri-State area from Harrisburg to Atlantic City. The CAPA Concert band has also recorded their own CD entitled "Superlative."
Theatre.
The Theatre department is run by Elsa Bass, Scott Kaufman and Marlene Goebig. The Theater Department puts on an average of seven performances a year. Plus three more by the MyVision Theater Ensemble which is a selective theater group.
Visual arts.
CAPA's Visual Arts department covers a variety of disciplines, including: drawing and painting taught by Mark McQuilling, graphic design taught by Jacquelyne Gilmore Stallworth, commercial arts taught by Steven Nau and ceramics and 3-dimensional sculpture taught by Maria Lengauer.
Freshmen and sophomores focus on drawing and quick sketching. Also, students study the human body and perspective. The Freshman students are introduced to hand-built pottery and 3-D clay design, and learn basic graphic design.
The juniors and seniors learn advanced graphic design, commercial art, continue painting, advanced 3-D sculpture and work on college portfolios.
Throughout all four years at CAPA, art major students are required to enter a variety of contests, and complete various projects.
Vocal music.
CAPA's Vocal Music Department, originally conducted by David King until his retirement in 1997, is currently conducted by Chad Ingram and Dorina C. Morrow. Vocal Music includes choral singing in large and small ensembles, individual voice training and development, solfeggio, harmony, music theory, and composition.
There are two choirs: Concert Choir and Mixed Choir. The Concert Choir is made up of juniors, seniors, and some very exceptional Sophomores. The Mixed Choir is made up of Freshman, Sophomore, & some junior students. All vocal majors have to take at least one year of Solfeggio, a sight reading and ear training course. In addition, an Advanced Placement theory class is available for seniors to teach them how to master the art of harmony.
The CAPA choirs have achieved a position of excellence among choral groups in the Delaware Valley.
A few of the choir's important singing engagements:
Activities.
Besides academic and art courses, CAPA offers many extracurricular activities, organizations, and sports teams to the students.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9778480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778480" title="Michael McRobbie">
Michael McRobbie

Michael Alexander McRobbie (born October 11, 1950) is an Australian-American computer scientist, educator and academic administrator. 
He became the eighteenth president of Indiana University on July 1, 2007.
Life.
Michael Alexander McRobbie was born October 11, 1950 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, and grew up in Canberra.
He graduated with a BSc from the University of Queensland in 1974, and with a PhD from the Australian National University in 1979.
His early work was in philosophy, artificial intelligence and automated theorem proving.
After a postdoctoral fellowship in philosophy, he founded an automated reasoning project, the ANU Centre for Information Science Research and the Cooperative Research Centre for Advanced Computational Systems.
From 1990 through 1996 he was a professor at the Australian National University. He had a growing interest in international research collaborations.
In 1996 he and Kilnam Chon proposed what became Asia Pacific Advanced Network at a symposium held at Tsukuba, Japan.
In 1997 he became the vice president for information technology at Indiana University.
The network operations center for the Abilene Network was established at IU under his direction,
and the Pervasive Technology Laboratories were established with a $29.9 million grant from the Lilly Endowment in 1999.
McRobbie was principal investigator of a project sponsored by the US National Science Foundation to connect US and Asian national research and education networks called TransPAC.
The state-funded $5.3 million I-Light project connected all campuses of the IU system with fiber optic communications (further expanded in 2010).
In 2003 he became the vice president for research of IU.
In 2005, the TransPAC2 project was funded as a follow-on to TransPAC.
He was chairman of the steering committee for the Indiana Metabolomics and Cytomics Initiative (METACyt), which was the largest outside funded project in the history of Indiana University Bloomington.
McRobbie served as interim provost and vice president of academic affairs of the Bloomington campus in 2006. 
He increased external funding by securing millions of dollars in grants for life science initiatives.
On July 2006 trip through China he established a cooperative research program with Tsinghua University in Beijing.
By September 2006, the previous president of Indiana University, Adam Herbert, announced he wanted to leave office before July 2008.
On March 1, 2007 McRobbie was selected as IU's 18th president and took office on July 1, 2007.
He served on the board of directors for ChaCha (the Indiana-based search engine). Some press were critical of a deal that used IU library staff as "guides", although McRobbie resigned from the board before becoming president of the University.
McRobbie was made a Sagamore of the Wabash, the highest honor the state can bestow, in 2007 by Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels.
That same year he received an honorary degree from the University of Queensland.
In 2008 he received an honorary degree from Sungkyunkwan University in Korea,
and one from the Australian National University in 2010.
Also in 2010 he was named an officer of the Order of Australia,
but became a US citizen in October.
McRobbie was served on the board of trustees for Internet2 since 2009, and was named chair of the starting in 2012.
In 2012 he announced a new supercomputer called Big Red II at IU.
Although other universities operate larger computers, by some measures this Cray XK7 was expected to be the largest for use by a single US university and not a consortium or national resource.
The original Big Red computer was installed in 2006.
McRobbie has three children and three stepchildren. His wife Laurie Burns McRobbie was born in Michigan, and worked as a technologist for 20 years. Both of them had been widowed before they married in 2005.
She was executive director of member and partner relations for Internet2, and an adjunct faculty member in IU’s School of Informatics.

</doc>
<doc id="9778515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778515" title="Thouron Award">
Thouron Award

Established in 1960 by Sir John R.H. Thouron, K.B.E., and the Esther du Pont Thouron, the Thouron Award is a prestigious postgraduate scholarship. It was created to strengthen the "special relationship" between the United States and the United Kingdom through educational exchange between British universities and the University of Pennsylvania. Through the programme the Thourons sought to nourish and develop Anglo-American friendship by ensuring that, in the years to come, a growing number of the leading citizens of these two countries would have a thorough understanding of their trans-Atlantic neighbours. In the years since its founding, the Thouron Award has sponsored programs of graduate study for more than 650 fellows, known as Thouron Scholars.
Graduates of British universities receive support for up to two years of study – in any degree course – at the University of Pennsylvania, and Penn graduates may study at any university in the U.K. with up to two years of support. The Award, among the most generous exchange fellowships in the world, pays tuition and a stipend that covers room, board, and such extras as entertainment and travel.
The Exchange Programme was set up to bring young people of exceptional ability from each country into contact with the ideas and peoples of the other country. The experience of sharing different ways of life, of studying in a new academic and cultural environment, and of confronting viewpoints and assumptions that have long and varied pasts, fosters personal enrichment and maturity and contributes to deeper understanding of the people and the traditions of each country.
The founders of the Award believed that recipients of the Award should be chosen as much for their personal abilities and leadership potential as for their scholastic ability. Accordingly, Thouron Scholars are chosen on the basis of their "ambassadorial qualities" as well as their ability to succeed in their chosen academic programs. A primary goal in selection is find individuals who are deemed ready to represent their home country while being open to the different perspectives of the country in which they conduct their academic program.
One aspect of the Thouron Award which somewhat differentiates it from other fellowships is the close involvement of a specific family - the Thouron family, beginning with Sir John R.H. Thouron, continuing through his son Tiger and now his grandson Rupert. The family has welcomed every Thouron Scholar into what they deem to be their "extended family" by inviting them into their homes, entertaining them, and maintaining long-term contact with them. This extended family, due to the diverse geographical spread of its constituents, is very much a global entity.
History of the Award.
In the autumn of 1960, three British students, a geologist, an economist and a landscape architect, began their courses of study at the University of Pennsylvania as the first Thouron Fellows. In 1961, two graduates of the University of Pennsylvania arrived in the United Kingdom, an economist to the London School of Economics and a classicist to Balliol College, Oxford, as the first Fellows from the United States. Since that time over 500 Fellows have been selected.
Thouron Fellows have pursued degrees in a wide variety of fields. British Fellows have studied in all of the graduate and professional schools of the University of Pennsylvania. American Fellows have attended some 53 British educational institutions, with Cambridge, Oxford and the University of London attracting the majority of the Penn students. In the 50 years of its existence, the Thouron Award has played an influential role in the lives and careers of its alumni. As new Thouron Fellows cross the Atlantic each year to take up or continue their studies, it seems that the program of cooperation is growing and strengthening.
Thouron Prize.
The Thouron family has also established a Thouron Prize for Summer Study at Pembroke College in the University of Cambridge for undergraduate students. The award is granted to eight or nine rising juniors and seniors from Harvard, Yale, and Penn, with typically three students selected from each university. The students receive a full scholarship to travel and spend two months studying at the University of Cambridge in the Pembroke-King's Programme. The Thouron Prize covers the full cost of the program, and includes a travel stipend of roughly $2000 for recipients. In addition, recipients are given two seminar series from Sir Roger Tomkys, a former Master of Pembroke College, as well as from historian Alan Dawson. Competition for the prizes is often fierce, and the universities typically have their own mechanism for initial nomination. Nominees are then passed onto the consideration of members of the Thouron family, who personally hold interviews with all the nominees before coming to a final decision. The Thouron Prize is sometimes seen as the sophomore/junior analog of the Rhodes or Marshall Scholarships; however, the latter can only be applied to during one's senior year and typically cover two years of graduate study rather than one undergraduate summer. Similar to the goals of the other British fellowships, the Thouron Prize endeavors to give undergraduates "an understanding of both shared and differing aspects of British and American culture." At least one student who won the undergraduate Thouron Prize later went on to win the graduate Thouron Award as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9778536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778536" title="Danubian Sich">
Danubian Sich

The Danubian Sich (, ) was an organization of the part of former Zaporozhian Cossacks who settled in the territory of the Ottoman Empire (the Danube Delta, hence the name) after their previous host was disbanded and the Zaporizhian Sich was destroyed.
End of Zaporozhia.
By the late 18th century, the combat ability of Zaporozhia was greatly reduced, especially after the Treaty of Küçük Kaynarca and the Russian annexation of Crimea, when the need for the Host to guard the borders was removed. At the same time, the Zaporozhian's other enemy, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, was also weakened and on the verge of being partitioned. This meant that militarily the Zaporozhian Sich was becoming increasingly superfluous, but at the same time their existence caused friction with Imperial Russian authorities who wanted to colonise the newly acquired lands that the Cossacks inhabited. After a number of Cossack attacks on Serbian colonies and with Cossack support offered to Yemelyan Pugachev, the Russian Empress Catherine the Great issued an order to General Pyotr Tekeli to end the troublesome Sich.
Tekeli's operation, carried out in June 1775, was bloodless. The Zaporozhian Sich was surrounded with infantry and artillery and an ultimatum was given to the Kosh otaman Petro Kalnyshevsky to destroy the Sich and to have Zaporozhian knights transfer to the family life. The Cossacks did not resist so that no Russian blood would be spilt. But later Zaporozhian Cossack Grigory Potemkin, and apparently without Kalnyshevky's knowledge, reached an agreement to allow a group of 50 Cossacks under the guidance of a starshyna Lyakh to go fishing in the river Ingul next to the Southern Buh in Ottoman territory and to issue 50 passports. The pretext was enough to allow the Russians to let the Cossacks, as 50 passports allowed five thousand Cossacks to leave (approximately 30% of the Zaporozhian Cossacks). As long as Potemkin could be guilty, so starshyna, including Kalnyshevsky, was arrested for this. 
These Cossacks were joined by numerous Ukrainian peasants fleeing from Russian Serfdom and lived on the left bank of the Danube river (Budjak) then part of the Ottoman Empire, who allowed them to settle there. By 1778 they numbered 12 thousand men, and the Turkish Sultan decided that they would have much more use as a Cossack Host, and allocated them the land of Kuchungary (modern Transnistria) in the lower Dniester where they swore loyalty to the Ottoman Empire. However the outbreak of the Russo-Turkish War divided the Cossacks. Some returned to Russia and joined the new Host of Loyal Zaporozhians (later the Black Sea Cossack Host) formed out of the Cossacks who chose to remain in Russia in 1775. After the Russo-Turkish War (1806–12), Bessarabia became part of Russia, and the Danubian Cossacks lost their allocated land.
Rivalry with Nekrasovites.
Following Turkey's defeat, some Cossacks retreated with the Turkish Army across the Danube River, where the Sultan allowed them to build a Sich in the settlement of Katerlez in the Danube Delta right next to existing settlements of Nekrasov Cossacks and Lipovans. There was increasing friction between the two groups over land and fishing rights. In 1794, the Nekrasovites attacked and destroyed Katerlez. Afterwards the Turkish authorities re-located the Danubian Zaporozhians further up the Danube on the Brailov Island. The new location was much poorer for fishing and resulted in a group of 500 Cossacks, led by Kosh Pomelo to return to Russia.
In 1800 the Balkan Peninsula erupted in uprisings led by Osman Pazvantoğlu who rebelled against the new Turkish Sultan Selim III. In order to gain support, Pazvantoğlu promised the Nekrasovites all the land on the lower Danube. Seeing an opportunity to settle the score with their rivals, the Danubian Zaporozhians sided with the Sultan. The resulting Civil War saw severe losses in both Cossack groups. In the end the rebellion was put down, the Zaprozhians where rewarded by the Brailov Nazir, who allowed then to return to Katerlez in 1803. However the Nekrasovites found their own protector, the commandant of Izmail Pekhlevanoğlu. With his aid, they attacked the Sich once again in 1805 and sacked it. The surviving Zaporozhians fled to Brailov (modern Brăila, Romania).
The new Russo-Turkish War (1806–1812) caused further division among the Danubian Cossacks. After Russia overran the Danube, the Kosh Otaman Trofim Gaibadura and Ivan Guba offered their allegiance to Russia. They were permitted to settle in the Budjak region and by order of Alexander I and on 20 January 1807 formed the Lower-Danube Budjak Host (Усть-Дунайское Буджацкое Войско). The new host lasted only five months, during which many neighbouring Ukrainian and Moldovan landowners complained about their serfs running off to Kiliya (modern Ukraine) and Galats (modern Galaţi, Romania) where the Host was based. Therefore on 20 June, the host, which by that point numbered only 1387 men, was disbanded. Approximately 500 of them moved to the Kuban. This caused many of the remaining Danubians, who initially wished to follow the Kosh and return to Russia, to reconsider.
After negotiations with the Russian General Kutuzov, many Nekarsovites were pardoned and allowed to return to Russia. The 1812 Treaty of Bucharest resulted in the Buhjak becoming part of Russia. With the old rivalry still strong, the Zaporozhian Danubians once again attacked their enemy, and in 1813 retook Katerlez. After a very brutal conflict, which shocked even the Turkish authorities, Zaporozhians captured the Nekrasovite capital Upper Dunavets (modern Romania) in 1814 . There they founded their final Sich. Many Nekrasov Cossacks were later re-located to Anatolia, while those who remained mixed with Lipovans and old-believers among the Danubian Cossacks.
Service to the Sultan.
After a few years of peace, trouble once again came to the Balkans, with the outbreak of the Greek War of Independence. In 1821 the Russian-Greek commander Alexander Ypsilantis moved the Eterian Greeks from Russia to Wallachia. The Danubian Cossacks, under command of Kosh Nikifor Beluha, assisted in the defeat of this incursion. Afterwards five thousand Cossacks under the Kosh Semen Moroz were sent to Greece to fight for the Turks. In 1824 they took part in the storming of Messolonghi. Many died there, and Moroz himself was killed in the naval battle off the island of Chios.
During this time the Danube Sich reached its height, numbering 10,000-15,000 men, and controlling all of the Danube delta region with six villages being in personal control of the Kosh. In the Upper Dunavets there were 38 kurens under old traditional names of the Zaporozhian Sich. However, the new Sich was noticeably different from its predecessor. There were no longer any Host Starshynas, and only un-married Cossacks were considered as eligible for service. Polkovnyks were assigned temporarily by the Kosh. The Host lacked any cavalry, only infantry in boats. The social structure also began to fragment; instead of the former equality of all Cossacks, many fishing, tradesmen and landowners became the Rayah. In order to gain permission to do so, there had to be at least a marriage link to a Cossack family.
End.
In 1825 Kosh otaman Lytvyn promised to send another expedition to Greece but fled the Sich without any trace. The events in Greece once again affected relations between Turkey and Russia, and a new Russo-Turkish War broke out. Among the Danubian Cossacks there was as ever a pro-Russian and a pro-Turkish split. The former were willing to return to Russia if a pardon was given. Learning of this, the head (Hradonachalik) of Izmail S.A. Tuchkov entered into secret negotiations with Kosh Vasily Nezmayevsky (1827). The conditions were set to allow the whole Host to return to Russia. Despite being a Russophile, Nezmayevsky was not ready to accept such a move.
With the outbreak of the new Russo-Turkish War (1828–1829), the Russian Army under command of Field-Marshal Peter Wittgenstein advanced. Threatening to overrun the Sich, the Sultan wished to relocate it to Adrianopol (modern Edirne, Turkey) and ordered the Kosh to rally the Dunubian Army to Silistra (modern Bulgaria). The new Kosh was Osyp Hladky, originally from a rich landowner family from Poltava who in 1820 had left his home to earn a living, but after a few failed business attempts in Crimea and Odessa, had left Russia and joined the Sich in 1822. He took part in the campaign against Messolonghi and afterwards was elected to be a Kuren Ataman of the Platnyrovsky Kuren. After the failed negotiations with Nezmayevsky, Tuchkov approached Hladky, who upon the Kosh elections held on Pokrov (1 October) was elected to be the Kosh Ataman.
Gladky only gathered those that he suspected of having a pro-Turkish allegiance (about two thousand men) and set out for Silistra. After reaching there, he asked to return to the Sich to gather more. When he returned, he instead called for a Cossack Rada and announced his decision to side the whole Sich with Russia. On 10 May 1828, Hladky along with 218 Cossacks and 578 Rayah crossed the Danube with all the Sich regalia, treasury and prized possessions. After landing on the left bank, they were taken to the Russian headquarters where they knelt before Emperor Nicholas I himself, who was quoted saying: 
The Danubian Cossacks were fully pardoned for their past, and managed to win over the Tsar's trust, which was confirmed when the Russian Army Crossed the Danube, as Nicholas was in the same boat that Hladky had initially came over in, with Kosh Polkovnyks rowing. The Tsar let the Danubians form a new "Special Zaporozhian Host" (Отдельное Запорожное Войско), with Hladky as the appointed Ataman. The new Host was small with only a five infantry sotnias (~100 men each) and came under the control of the Danube flotilla. Despite the small number of men, they soon became a prized asset due to their knowledge of the complicated Danube Delta. They proved themselves in combat in the storming of Isaccea, and 10 Cossacks were awarded the Cross of St. George.
For those Danubian Sich Cossacks who refused to follow Hladky, their fate was tragic. Learning of Hladky's betrayal, the Sultan called upon the Janissary corps to raze the Sich, massacre its population and burn down its church. Even those that were in Silistra were disarmed and sent to forced labour deep in Turkey.
Aftermath.
After the war ended, Russia remained to administer the Danubian Principalities. Nicholas I decided to form yet another new Cossack group the Danube Cossack Host, which was to include descendants of the Zaporozhians who fled Russia in 1775 but did not join the Sultan and instead settled in Bessarabia. In addition it included loyal Nekrasovites as well as many volunteers from the Balkan peoples. It was based in the many historical refuge areas, now part of Russia, where over the previous decades many Cossacks fleeing from Turkey found sanctuary such as Akkerman.
The larger Danube Cossack Host thus made the former Danubian Sich Cossacks under Gladky appear small and ineffective. There were plans to relocate them to the Kuban, where Gladky visited in 1830. But the Caucasus War was in full swing, and the long journey for such a small group would have been too difficult. Instead the Tsar allowed Gladky to remain in Novorossiya and find a piece of land that was uninhabited. Gladky chose the northern coast of the Azov Sea, next to Berdyansk. In May 1832 Gladky carried his men over to the new land and there they formed the Azov Cossack Host. Initially numbering 2336 people (including 687 women), the new Host was the only Cossack force in Russia which had a Naval role, acting as a coast guard for the Caucasus and Crimean coasts, by defending them from Turkish and Circassian raiders.
The remaining Cossacks who managed to escape the Sultan's vengeance, but did not return to Russia moved to the Danube Delta, where in 1830 they numbered 1,095 families. Over the years they were joined by other peasants fleeing serfdom in the Russian Empire. To date there is still a small Ukrainian minority living in the Dobruja region of Romania. In 1992 they numbered four thousand people according to official Romanian statistics while the local community claims to number 20,000. Known as Rusnaks they continue to pursue the traditional Cossack lifestyle of hunting and fishing.
Legacy.
The legacy of the Danube Cossacks survived in a lyrical-comic opera called "A Zaprorozhian Cossack beyond the Danube" (Zaporozhetz za Dunayem) composed in the 1850s by Semen Hulak-Artemovsky, a student of Mikhail Glinka. Although the opera historically relates to the aftermath of the Russo-Turkish war of 1828-9, where according to a peace treaty, the Danube cossacks were granted the right to return to their homeland, Hulak-Artemovsky reset the opera to take place in the 18th century.
The opera first opened in St. Petersburg at the Mariinsky Theatre on 14 March 1863. After its premiere it was censored and restricted from performance. In the 1870s it was revived by amateur Ukrainian theatre troupes and received a new lease of live. Today it is considered a Ukrainian opera classic.

</doc>
<doc id="9778552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778552" title="Rollbahn">
Rollbahn

A rollbahn is a German word designating a "taxiway". This may be:

</doc>
<doc id="9778588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778588" title="Float Away">
Float Away

Float Away is the debut album by R&B artist Andrea Lewis. It was released in Canada only

</doc>
<doc id="9778610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778610" title="Nainawaz">
Nainawaz

Nainawaz (Pashto/Dari:نينواز) (also known as Ustad Nainawaz) Fazel Ahmad Zekrya is a renowned Afghan artist, poet and composer of music under the name of "Nainawaz". Nainawaz was one of the nine sons of a well known politician, poet, writer Sardar Haji Faiz Muhammad Khan Zikeria from the Barakzai ruling family. Nainawaz has one son, Amir Khisrow Zekrya, and one daughter Sahar Zekrya Aman, married in 1985 to Ehsan Aman a singer from Helmand Province son of famous engineer Muhammad Aman. He was also the mentor and teacher of Ahmad Zahir, the well-known Afghan singer.

</doc>
<doc id="9778635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778635" title="Ada Public Library">
Ada Public Library

The Ada Arts and Heritage Center is a Colonial Revival styled building located at 400 South Rennie Street in Ada, Oklahoma, United States. The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The building was built in 1939 as the original site of the Ada Public Library. In 1981, having outgrown the old library, the Ada Public Library moved to its current location at 12th and Rennie.
The building is now known as the Ada Arts and Heritage Center and serves as a museum with changing art displays and a collection of historic photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="9778641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778641" title="Danube Cossacks">
Danube Cossacks

Danube Cossacks may refer to either:

</doc>
<doc id="9778646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778646" title="Tolhurst">
Tolhurst

Tolhurst may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9778678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778678" title="Large Chinese Bridge">
Large Chinese Bridge

The Large Chinese Bridge is a small bridge over the Krestovy Channel located in the Chinese Village in the Alexander Park of Tsarskoye Selo 25 km south of the centre of St. Petersburg. The bridge is located near the Chinese Theater, opposite the central gates of the Catherine Palace. It is one of the entrances to Alexander Park. The bridge is named Large so to distinguish it from two "Small (or Iron) Chinese Bridges" located in the park.
The Large Chinese Bridge was commissioned by Catherine the Great as part of her plan to create a Chinoiserie in her park. Catherine ordered Antonio Rinaldi and Charles Cameron to model the village after a Chinese engraving from her personal collection. The village was expected to consist of 18 stylized Chinese houses (only ten were completed), shadowed by an octagonal domed observatory (never completed at all).
The Large Chinese Bridge is constructed out of pink granite. The most original features of the bridge are the low wall barriers stylishly decorated with tall, granite vases which have intertwining branches of red iron "coral" iron. Originally, in addition to the vases and iron coral, the Large Chinese Bridge was decorated with four painted plaster Chinese figures sitting on short pedestals and holding Chinese lanterns on long poles. However, these Chinese figures have not survived to the present day. To the left of the Large Chinese Bridge stand two Small Chinese bridges leading to the Chinese Village. At first these little bridges constructed by Charles Cameron in 1781 were wooden. In 1786 they were replaced with iron ones forged at the Sestroretsk Armory.
The Large Chinese Bridge is one of three bridges that lead to the village. The Dragon Bridge, and the Large Chinese Bridge were completed in 1785 and the Cross-Shaped Bridge (Krestovoy Most) had been erected six years earlier.
Catherine's death in 1796 led to the village being suspended until 1818 when Alexander I asked Vasily Stasov to remodel the village to provide accommodation for his guests. Although much of the original decor was removed, the renovated village provided a place to live for such important visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="9778679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778679" title="Caitlín Brugha">
Caitlín Brugha

Caitlín Brugha ("née" Kingston; 11 December 1879 – 1 December 1959) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician. 
Born Kathleen Kingston, in Birr, County Offaly, she married Irish revolutionary Cathal Brugha in 1912. Her husband died in 1922 during the Irish Civil War and she was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) at the 1923 general election for the Waterford constituency. 
She was re-elected at the June 1927 general election. In accordance with Sinn Féin policy of the time she did not take her seat in Dáil Éireann. She stayed with the abstentionists of Sinn Féin when Éamon de Valera left to found Fianna Fáil. Sinn Féin was unable to raise the funds to contest the second election called that year, and Brugha did not contest the September 1927 general election. 
She had established a drapery business, Kingston's Ltd, in 1924 and following her exit from politics devoted much time to the venture. Her continuing anti-Britishness was evidenced when in 1941 she was accused of harbouring a German spy who had parachuted into Wexford.
Her son, Ruairí Brugha later became a Fianna Fáil politician and was elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1973 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="9778688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778688" title="1828 in Ireland">
1828 in Ireland

Events from the year 1828 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9778697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778697" title="Luxembourgian livre">
Luxembourgian livre

The livre was the currency of Luxembourg until 1795. It was subdivided into 20 "sols", each of 4 "liards". In the late 18th century, coins were issued in denominations of ½ and 2 liards, 1, 3, 6, 12 and 72 sols, with the lower three denominations in copper, the highest minted in silver and the others in billon. The last issues of 1795 were 1 sol coins minted during the siege of Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="9778732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778732" title="Lee Carter">
Lee Carter

Talmadge Lee Carter (born October 27, 1958) is the current judge of the 25th Judicial Circuit of Alabama. He is one of two judges that serve the counties of Marion and Winston. Judge John Bentley is the other judge that serves the 25th Circuit. In 2005, Lee's predecessor, Judge Bobby Aderholt (Representative Robert Aderholt's Father), announced that he will be retiring in January 2007. That was the first time that there has been a vacancy in the 25th Judicial Circuit in some 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9778737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778737" title="Tegart fort">
Tegart fort

A Tegart fort is a type of militarized police fort constructed throughout Palestine during the British Mandatory period.
Etymology.
The forts are named after their designer, British police officer and engineer Sir Charles Tegart. In Israel, the name is often misspelled as "Taggart". This is probably from the compound transliteration of an English name into Hebrew and then back into English.
History.
Sir Charles Tegart designed the forts in 1938 based on his experiences in the Indian insurgency. They were built of reinforced concrete with water systems that would allow them to withstand a month-long siege. Dozens of the structures were built according to the same basic plan, along the so-called "Tegart's wall" of the northern border with Lebanon and Syria, and at strategic intersections in the interior of Palestine.
Many of them can still be seen in Israel today, and continue to be used as police stations and jails. One houses Camp 1391 prison for "high-risk" prisoners.
In the West Bank, several such forts, now known as Mukataa (, "District") are used as offices and administrative centers of the Palestinian National Authority. 
The fort in Ramallah, known as "The" Mukataa, used as Yasser Arafat's Presidential Headquarters, was damaged by Israeli forces in Operation Defensive Shield and the later siege, was later restored and added to under President Mahmoud Abbas, obscuring the lines of the original British structure. 
The fort in Hebron was used as the headquarters of the Jordanian administration between 1949 and 1967, of the Israeli military governor between 1967 and 1997, and of the Palestinian Authority's governor between 1997 and 2002. It was destroyed in 2002 when the city was reconquered by Israeli forces in Operation Defensive Shield.
The Tegart fort in Ma'alot-Tarshiha, now a police station, is being restored as a historical landmark, attracting the attention of preservationists and tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="9778767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778767" title="The switch (con)">
The switch (con)

The Switch is a type of confidence trick designed to obtain money from a victim by exchanging a phoney package or bundle for the package containing the money. This trick requires two con artists.
The Switch has 6 steps:
This con is occasionally seen in film and television. It was used in the opening sequence of the 1973 film "The Sting" and in the first season (2004) of the BBC One television series "Hustle".

</doc>
<doc id="9778777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778777" title="Gardham">
Gardham

Gardham or Low Gardham is a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately west of Beverley town centre and west of the village of Cherry Burton. to the north-east lies Etton.
It forms part of the civil parish of Cherry Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="9778782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778782" title="Kiels Mountain, Queensland">
Kiels Mountain, Queensland

Kiels Mountain is a suburb of Woombye, Queensland, Australia about 100 kilometres north of Brisbane. At the summit of Kiels Mountain is Avatar's Abode, a spiritual retreat dedicated to Meher Baba (1894-1969) who stayed there in 1958. Avatar's Abode is the oldest and longest-running Eastern retreat in Queensland. A large private school, Suncoast Christian College, and its associated Christian Outreach Centre is located by the juncture of the Kiels Mountain road and the old Bruce Highway. Australian evangelist Pastor Peter Foxhall lived with his family on an abandoned pineapple farm on Kentish Road, Kiels Mountain for some years.
The mountain is named after Henry August Keil (correct spelling) who settled on the eastern slopes in 1880. Henry (Heinrich) Keil was the son of one of the early Lutheran missionary/ settlers of Brisbane. The Keils were prominent Salvationists during the early growth of the Salvation Army on the Sunshine Coast, and were known for their charity to the local Aborigines.
Kiels Mountain school was built on land near the corner of Preston and Diddillibah Roads, between Woombye and Diddillibah. It opened on 23 September 1918 and closed on 15 April 1962.
On 7 December 2003, 13-year-old Daniel Morcombe disappeared while waiting for a bus on the Bruce Highway near the Kiel Mountain Road overpass. An arrest was made in August 2011 in connection with his death. His remains were discovered near Glass House Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="9778786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778786" title="Seattle-Tacoma-Olympia, WA CSA">
Seattle-Tacoma-Olympia, WA CSA

Seattle-Tacoma-Olympia, WA CSA is the United States Census Bureau's official name for the combined statistical area of western Washington that includes the Seattle metro area as well as the area around Olympia. Its population is 4,269,349.

</doc>
<doc id="9778789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778789" title="Łysa Góra">
Łysa Góra

Łysa Góra (Bald Mountain; also known as Łysiec or Święty Krzyż) is a well-known mountain in Świętokrzyskie Mountains, Poland. With a height of 595 meters (1,952 ft), it is the second highest mountain in that range (after Łysica at 612 meters or 2,008 ft). On its slopes and atop its summit are several hiking trails, the ruins of a pagan wall from 9th century, the Benedictine monastery "Święty Krzyż" from the 11th century (destroyed during the Second World War, now partially restored), and a Święty Krzyż TV Tower. The mountain also features prominently in a local legend about witches' sabbaths.
Location.
Łysa Góra, composed primarily of quartzite and Cambrian slates, lies in the eastern part of the Łysogóry range, and is the second largest peak of the larger Świętokrzyskie Mountains (after Łysica). A notable mountain within the Świętokrzyski National Park, it is a vital point in many sightseeing trails of the region. The blue path to Pętkowice begins here, and the red path from Gołoszyce to Kuźniaki passes through here.
Notable landmarks.
During the times of prehistory of Poland, Łysa Góra was likely a sacred mountain and a site of a pagan-cult temple of three gods, mentioned in the "Annals" of Jan Długosz. There are remains of a quartzite U-shaped wall surrounding the higher part of the mountain, with length of about 1.5 km and height of 2m from 8th-10th centuries. The temple was abandoned after the baptism of Poland. The legend about witches' sabbaths is likely related to the old cult.
On the site of the pagan temple the Benedictine monastery of Holy Cross ("Święty Krzyż") was founded (according to a legend, in 1006, by king of Poland, Bolesław Chrobry, but most sources give the 11th century). The monastery was named after a fragment from Christ' Cross which was supposedly enshrined there, and was a site of frequent pilgrimages. The monastery was destroyed and rebuilt several times throughout its history, with the most significant destruction taking place in the 19th and 20th centuries. After partitions of Poland, the Russian Empire took over the building in 1819 and converted it into a prison. Partially restored during the interwar period after Poland regained independence, it was taken over by the Nazi Germany and used as a prison and execution site of Soviet prisoners of war (about 6000 perished here). Afterwards, the Polish communist government transferred the building to the Świętokrzyski National Park, which renovated parts of them. Currently the National Park has a museum in some of the former buildings, while a part has been taken over by another religious institute (Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate). The abbey, although now past its Golden Age, has given its names to the Świętokrzyskie Mountains range as well as the Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship itself. The abbey also holds some mummified bodies; one of them is rumored (but not confirmed) to belong to Prince Jeremi Wiśniowiecki.
Another notable building found on the mountain is the Święty Krzyż TV Tower; the tallest free-standing TV tower in Poland. Built in 1966, it is a 157 metre tall concrete tower.
The Soviet prisoners executed by the Nazis are buried in a mass grave near the peak. At the bottom of the mountain, there is a monument to Poles who died in the Katyn massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="9778790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778790" title="Desert Victory">
Desert Victory

Desert Victory is a 1943 film produced by the British Ministry of Information, documenting the Allies' North African campaign against Field Marshal Erwin Rommel and the Afrika Korps. This documentary traces the struggle between General Erwin Rommel and Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, from the German's defeat at El Alamein to Tripoli. Like the famous "Why We Fight" series of films by Frank Capra, "Desert Victory" relies heavily on captured German newsreel footage. Many of the most famous sequences in the film have been excerpted and appear with frequency in History Channel and A&E productions.
The film was produced by David MacDonald, and directed by Roy Boulting who also directed Tunisian Victory and "Burma Victory".
This film won a special Academy Award in 1943.
The 1951 film "The Desert Fox" relied heavily on this production for its battle footage.

</doc>
<doc id="9778797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778797" title="2000 Atlantic Championship season">
2000 Atlantic Championship season

The 2000 Toyota Atlantic Championship season was contested over 12 rounds. The CART Toyota Atlantic Championship Drivers' Champion was Buddy Rice driving for PPI Motorsports. In this one-make formula all drivers had to utilize Swift chassis and Toyota engines. 20 different teams and 39 different drivers competed.
Calendar.
Note:
Race 1 and 2 were held on combination oval/road course.
Final points standings.
Driver.
For every race the points were awarded: 20 points to the winner, 16 for runner up, 14 for third place, 12 for fourth place, 10 for fifth place, 8 for sixth place, 6 seventh place, winding down to 1 point for 12th place. Lower placed drivers did not award points. Additional points were awarded to the pole winner (1 point) and to the driver leading the most laps (1 point).
Complete Overview.
R17=retired, but classified NS=did not start

</doc>
<doc id="9778819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778819" title="Matapédia (electoral district)">
Matapédia (electoral district)

Matapédia is a former provincial electoral district in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region of Quebec, Canada, which elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It is at the western edge of the Gaspé Peninsula.
It was created for the 1923 election from a portion of the electoral district of Matane. Its final election was in 2008. It disappeared in the 2012 election by merging all of its territory with part of Matane, and the successor electoral district was Matane-Matapédia.

</doc>
<doc id="9778820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778820" title="General Avia F.22">
General Avia F.22

The General Avia F 22 Pinguino was designed by Stelio Frati and is his 22nd design. The aircraft has been manufactured in four configurations, the "A" model with fixed gear, 116 hp Lycoming (O-235-N2C), & fixed prop, the "B" model same as the "A" but with uprated 160Hp Lycoming engine (O-320-D2A), the "R" model with retractable gear, the same 160 Hp Lycoming (O-320-D2A) and the "C" model with retractable gear, constant speed prop, and 180 HP Lycoming (O-360-A1A). The aircraft has two side-by-side seats in an enclosed cockpit. 
The F.22 is certified in the aerobatic category capable of from -3g to +6g. The "C" model is used by a Netherlands aerobatic display team called "Red Sensation".
The production of the F 22 series began, after the prototypes and four pre-series aircraft manufactured, under the Technical Direction of Eng Pasquale De Rosa.
In this phase were produced and sold about 30 aircraft and the mass production was structured. 
The Eng Pasquale De Rosa performed project engineering by reducing the hours of production from about 6000 to about 2000 hours making hundreds of improving changes, all certified.
In this configuration the aircraft was certified as well as in Italy and in the USA in England, holland, France, New Zealand. The company closed production (the CEO was accused of misappropriation of the company funds) despite that the maximum production capability and orders.

</doc>
<doc id="9778823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778823" title="National Health Federation">
National Health Federation

The National Health Federation (NHF) is a lobbying group which promotes alternative medicine. The NHF is based in California and describes its mission as protecting individuals' rights to use dietary supplements and alternative therapies without government restriction. The NHF also opposes mainstream public-health measures such as water fluoridation and compulsory childhood vaccines.
The NHF was founded by Fred J. Hart in 1955, after he was ordered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to cease marketing fraudulent radionics devices. Mainstream medical organizations have criticized the NHF for promoting dubious alternative cancer treatments and health claims; the American Cancer Society recommends that cancer patients avoid products promoted by the NHF, while Quackwatch describes the NHF as "antagonistic to accepted scientific methods as well as to current consumer-protection law."
History and activities.
The National Health Federation was founded in 1955 by Fred J. Hart, a marketer of radionics devices. Hart founded the NHF after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration compelled his company to cease marketing untested devices for medical treatment. Over the years, the NHF has promoted a range of unproven cancer treatments, including laetrile. According to its website, the NHF fought and won the battle for mandatory inspection of poultry, coordinated a drive to help chiropractors become legally licensed in the United States, waged a campaign against water fluoridation, and advocated legislative recognition of acupuncture in the United States. The Federation has collaborated with European consumer organizations and political parties in a campaign demanding that the European Union (EU) accept the outcome of a referendum in Ireland on the Lisbon Treaty.
In the 1990s, the Federation lobbied to pass the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA), which allowed dietary supplements to be sold without prior testing for safety or effectiveness. The organization has also promoted claims that vaccines were dangerous, fought malathion spraying, and opposed water fluoridation. The organization publishes a quarterly newsletter, "Health Freedom News".
Reception.
Several independent sources have viewed the National Health Federation as a fringe lobbying group or as a promoter of dubious and unproven medical claims and devices. The "McGraw-Hill Concise Dictionary of Modern Medicine" defines the NHF as a "fringe medicine organization that exerts political pressure to secure 'health freedom' and 'freedom of medical choice' on behalf of alternative medicine practitioners, their families, and 'health food' consumers."
The American Cancer Society, noting that the NHF is "not a medical or scientific body," recommended that "persons with cancer avoid the therapies and products promoted by the National Health Federation for the treatment of cancer." Quackwatch calls NHF "an alliance of promoters and followers who engage in lobbying campaigns... and uses the words 'alternative,' and 'freedom' to suit its own purposes," adding that "NHF is antagonistic to accepted scientific methods as well as to current consumer-protection law."

</doc>
<doc id="9778853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778853" title="1839 in Ireland">
1839 in Ireland

Events from the year 1839 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9778857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778857" title="Newtown School, Waterford">
Newtown School, Waterford

Newtown School is a multidenominational, coeducational independent school with both boarding and day pupils in Waterford, Ireland. It is run by a Board of Management, but owned by the Religious Society of Friends.
History.
Newtown School was founded in 1798 by the Religious Society of Friends (Quaker), on the estates of the former home of Sir Thomas Wyse. Its original purpose was the education of Quakers in the south of Ireland, and until 1858 no non-Quakers were admitted. 
In 1924 Newtown adopted a fully coeducational policy which it has maintained to the present day.
Newtown School is a co-educational boarding and day school. Boarding facilities are offered on a three-weekly basis. Some students may opt for weekly boarding. There are two residences, for girls and boys separately. Accommodation is mostly in dorms but there are also twin and single rooms. Day students have the opportunity to become day boarders and remain in school until after evening study thus allowing them to take a full part in all aspects of school life.
Curriculum.
Junior cycle.
For the Junior Cycle, Newtown follows the curriculum for the Junior Certificate. All offered subjects offered are available in Higher and Ordinary levels. First Year Scholars have access to twenty-one subjects. In Second and Third Year, all Junior Certificate candidates study Art, Craft & Design and Science, all have access to French and/or German and all take a practical subject, either Materials Technology (woodwork) or Home Economics.
Transition year.
Newtown operates a compulsory Transition Year program. In recent years students have participated in kayaking, outdoor pursuits, Young Social Innovators, surfing, lifesaving courses, drama, media, personal development, nutrition, enterprise, crafts and fashion design. The programme also includes week-long work experience placements, courses in the Gaeltacht and a European studies tour on themes pertinent to the programme, along with other courses that vary from year to year.
Senior cycle.
The senior cycle begins at the end of Transition Year when students are asked to choose the subjects in which they would like to be examined at Leaving Certificate, in order of preference. The subjects offered in addition to the three compulsory subjects (English, Maths and Irish) vary each year, depending on demand(e.g. Applied Mathematics). At present there are over 20 Leaving Certificate subjects offered, all of which are available for study at any level.
Sports Facilities.
Newtown has a 25m indoor swimming pool (with diving platforms and a diving board), a gym, a weights-room, an astroturf hockey pitch, an athletics track, two hockey training pitches, two rugby pitches, a cricket lawn and tennis courts. A cross-country track also runs along the perimeter of the grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="9778882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778882" title="CampusJ">
CampusJ

CampusJ Jewish Collegiate News was a website covering Jewish news on college and university campuses with a network of student journalists. CampusJ was launched in February 2005 by editor and publisher Steven I. Weiss of "Canonist". The last posting was dated May 20, 2007. By 2008, the site appeared defunct, and many of the sections had no new content for months.
Student writing staff.
CampusJ's staff of student reporters covered the Jewish news on thirty or more campuses, including American University, George Washington University, McGill, Northwestern, Rutgers and Washington University, by reporting for campus-specific school homepages (blogs).
Syndication.
A portion of CampusJ's content was syndicated by the Jewish Telegraphic Agency.
Big stories.
In the spring of 2005, CampusJ broke the story that "The New York Times" had negotiated a deal with Columbia University administrators to exclude student response in an article on academic bias in exchange for exclusive access to a report.

</doc>
<doc id="9778883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778883" title="Swarcliffe">
Swarcliffe

Swarcliffe, originally the Swarcliffe Estate, is a district of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It is east of Leeds city centre, and within the LS14 Leeds postcode area.
In the 1950s, the Swarcliffe housing estate was developed by the city council which built two and three-bedroomed semi-detached council houses, a number of three-storey blocks containing 12 flats or more, and three brick-built nine-storey blocks of flats. Two of the blocks of flats were demolished in the 1990s and an old people's home was built on the site. In 2007, the remaining block was demolished. The previous year, six of seven fifteen-storey high-rise blocks of flats, built in 1966 as part of the Whinmoor estate, were demolished.
Swarcliffe is served by Swarcliffe Primary School and Nursery, Grimes Dyke Primary School and St. Gregory’s Youth & Adult Centre. Stanks Fire Station provides a service to more than 42,452 people. Swarcliffe has a dwindling number of public houses and shops. Great and Little Swarcliffe Woods lie within the boundaries of the estate.
The area is being regenerated by Yorkshire Transformations; a private finance initiative, which is a partnership between Leeds City Council and two private sector companies: Carillion and the Bank of Scotland. The MP for the Leeds East constituency from 1955 to 1992 was Denis Healey who represented the Labour Party. He was succeeded by the present Labour MP, George Mudie. In 2009, the population of Swarcliffe and Stanks was 6,751, of which 4,544 were considered to be "hard-pressed", or experiencing financial difficulty.
History.
The Battle of the Winwaed, between the army of the Christian king Oswiu of Bernicia and the pagan army of King Penda of Mercia, took place in 655 AD, according to Bede, although some historians favour 654 or 656. The actual site of the battle is disputed, but one possibility is that the River Winwaed is now the Cock Beck; to the east of Swarcliffe. The battle is remembered in the names of Pendas Way, a street south of Swarcliffe, and the nearby Pendas Fields estate.
After the Norman Conquest in 1066, William the Conqueror granted the parish of Whitkirk, which included Seacroft, to Ilbert de Lacy of Pontefract, whose descendants held the title of Earl of Lincoln. The parish was subsequently leased by the de Lacys to the Somerville family. During the English Civil War in 1643, Lord Goring's Royalist army defeated the Parliamentarians under Sir Thomas Fairfax at the Battle of Seacroft Moor.
In the 1820s, Swarcliffe and Stanks were part of the Barwick-in-Elmet parish. The name "Stanks" derives from a French word meaning ponds or pools of putrid water. Before the Swarcliffe Estate was built, the area contained Winmore Lodge (renamed Winn Moor Lodge in 1893), Penwell House, Hill Top, Spikeland Nook, Swarcliffe Farm, and a parochial school on Stanks Lane South/Barwick Road, which was replaced by Windsor Terrace before 1892.
The Leeds to Halton Dial road was turnpiked in 1751. Tolls were collected at the Penny Toll; a toll house on York Road, at the north-eastern border of the area. This road is the A64 Leeds to York road The toll house was owned by Sir Thomas Gascoigne, whose agents charged one penny per pair of wheels, which was "a considerable sum", according to the historian, Ralph Thoresby, who visited the area in 1702. In 1886, the property was owned by Colonel Frederick Trench-Gascoigne, of Parlington Hall, Aberford, who rented it out for three pounds, fourteen shillings and sixpence a year. Gascoigne owned and rented out a number of houses, coal mines, woodland and farm land in Seacroft, Whinmoor, Barnbow, Garforth, Barwick-in-Elmet, Cross Gates, and Scholes. The toll house was situated north of a cottage and a 19th-century granite-built windmill, which is now part of the Britannia Hotels Leeds hotel. In the mid-1800s, Isaac Chippindale, who lived at Windmill Farm, started the Scholes Brick and Tile Works on Wood Lane, on the border with Scholes. The company's quarry produced high quality bricks which were used to build many houses in the surrounding area. Its kilns and house were demolished in the early 1980s, leaving two small fishing lakes, but the site is still known as "Chippy's Quarry".
The Leeds to Wetherby Railway had a station at Scholes and passed under the turnpike to the northeast. The line was built by the North Eastern Railway and ran past the eastern border of Swarcliffe and Stanks. It opened on 1 May 1876 and closed in 1964. Services were withdrawn as part of the Beeching Axe; an informal name for the British Government's attempt to reduce the cost of running British Railways in the 1960s.
In 1874, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners published a report which noted that two new parishes would be delineated by "an imaginary line commencing at the point where the boundary dividing the said new parish of Seacroft from the new parish of Manston aforesaid crosses the footpath leading from Seacroft through Little Swarcliffe Plantation to Wood Laith Lane"—leading from the Cock Beck to Scholes; now called Wood Lane.
In 1812, the title Squire of Seacroft was held by the Wilson family: the last member of which was Squire Darcy Bruce Wilson. According to the 1891  census, he lived at Seacroft Hall with his sister, Louisa, and five servants: a footman, cook, kitchen maid and two housemaids. He was a Master of Arts, Barrister at Law, Justice of the peace, and a captain in the Yorkshire Hussars. After his death at Seacroft Hall in 1936, his nephew sold the family estate to Leeds Corporation one year later. The hall was demolished in 1953, and its ornamental lake was filled in to make way for Parklands Girls' High School. Templar Villas, a cluster of semi-detached Victorian houses, was built on Templar Lane/Barwick Road before 1893, and a row of large houses was built on Templar Lane before 1908. Between 1938  and 1952, private houses were built on the north side of Barwick Road, between Stanks Lane South and the Cock Beck.
Development.
In a boundary change on 1 April 1937, Whinmoor was added to the Leeds County Borough from the Tadcaster Rural District. In 1953, "The Civil Engineer" reported that Leeds City Council paid Myton Ltd from Kingston upon Hull, £227,232 "for the erection of 172  dwellings on the Swarcliffe (Seacroft) Estate". In 1955, "The Civil Engineer" reported that Leeds City Council paid £2,867 for "Electrical installations in 130  dwellings at the Swarcliffe (Seacroft) estate". The estate was built between the Seacroft and Manston estates, bordered by the A6120 Leeds Outer Ring Road to the west, the A64 York Road to the north, and Barwick Road to the south, with Cock Beck and Scholes to the east. The adjacent Whinmoor estate was built in the 1960s, to the east and north. Swarcliffe measures , from north-west to south-east, and , from east to west. It is , east of the Leeds city centre, and within the LS14 Leeds postcode area, which encompasses Swarcliffe, Seacroft, Whinmoor, Killingbeck, Scarcroft, and Thorner.
The housing estate consisted of two and three-bedroomed semi-detached houses, and a number of three-storey blocks containing 12  flats or more, but some have been demolished. Most houses were built of brick, but a number were constructed of prefabricated cinder and concrete panels. The right to buy scheme, implemented by the Conservative Party in the Housing Act of 1980, enabled tenants to buy their homes. In 2008, the average price for a house in Swarcliffe was £109,810. In 2010, 1,025  homes were privately owned, and 1,394 were rented.
Swarcliffe was noted for its trio of brick ten-storey flats, built to a T-plan with access from balconies. Each block contained 60 dwellings. The Leeds Planning Committee approved the application in 1959.The contract to build the development was won by W J Simms Sons & Cooke Ltd. In 1998, Swarcliffe Towers and Manston Towers were demolished. In 2007, Elmet Towers was also demolished. An old people's home, Woodview Court, was built on the site of Swarcliffe Towers and Manston Towers, and new housing was built on the Elmet Towers site. The West Yorkshire Archaeological Service believes that the Elmet Towers site may contain the remains of medieval pottery, which was once manufactured there.
Boundary change, demolitions and redevelopment.
Since Swarcliffe estate was built in the 1950s, and Whinmoor estate in the 1960s, the southern part of Whinmoor is now within the Swarcliffe boundary. Houses built in the Whinmoor area were mostly prefabricated terraces, along with seven partly prefabricated high-rise blocks: 44  metres high, with fifteen floors. The "Leeds Neighbourhood Index", provided by Leeds City Council, states that the new boundary contains 38 per cent terraced housing, 37 per cent semi-detached and 22 per cent purpose-built flats: 1,187  semi-detached homes, 873  terraced, 488 flats, 108  detached, 46  bungalows, and 28  maisonettes.
Langbar Towers, next to a shopping parade, was the first of five 15-storey H-plan tower blocks to be completed at Whinmoor. The high rise blocks had reinforced concrete frames with no-fines concrete infill panels. The planning application was approved in 1964 and the first block, Langbar Towers, completed on 24 January 1966 was officially opened on 19 February 1966 by Denis Healey MP. Ash Tree Court, Brayton Grange, Farndale Court, Langbar Grange, Langbar Towers and Pennwell Croft, six of seven high-rise blocks of flats built in 1966, were demolished in 2006. Sherburn Court, the remaining high-rise block, was refurbished and given a new roof, windows and lifts.
A £100  million scheme to refurbish the area's housing, funded by a public-private partnership scheme, started in 2006. This Private finance initiative, operating as Yorkshire Transformations, is a partnership between Leeds City Council and private sector companies; Carillion and the Bank of Scotland. In the late 2000s, Persimmon Homes built St Gregory's, seventy-three private houses east of Stanks Drive.
Government.
Swarcliffe is in the Cross Gates and Whinmoor ward of the City of Leeds. It is currently represented by three Labour councillors: Suzi Armitage (elected to serve until 2012), Peter Gruen (elected to serve until 2014), and Pauleen Grahame (elected 2011), who lives in Swarcliffe. All three hold surgeries at St Gregory’s Youth & Adult Centre.
Denis Healey (Labour) was the MP from 1955 to 1992, when he was succeeded by the present Labour MP, George Mudie. Since the boundary changes which took effect before the 2010 general election, the Leeds East constituency has been composed of Swarcliffe, Cross Gates, Whinmoor, Seacroft, Gipton, Harehills, Killingbeck, Temple Newsam, Halton Moor, Halton, Whitkirk, Colton and Austhorpe.
Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) for Yorkshire and the Humber European Parliament constituency since the European Parliament election, 2009, are Godfrey Bloom (UK Independence Party), Andrew Brons (BNP), Timothy Kirkhope (Conservative), Linda McAvan (Labour), Edward McMillan-Scott (Liberal Democrat), and Diana Wallis (Liberal Democrat).
Geography.
The Swarcliffe housing estate is situated between the Seacroft, Whinmoor and Manston estates, and is bordered by the A64/York Road to the north, Barwick Road to the south, Cock Beck and Scholes to the east, and the A6120, Leeds Outer Ring Road to the west. The smaller Stanks estate is included in the Swarcliffe area. After the western part of the estate was built in the 1950s, Whinmoor estate was built to the east and north in the 1960s. After a boundary change, the southern part of Whinmoor (to the east of the original Swarcliffe estate) is now part of Swarcliffe.
The underlying rocks are coal measures towards the northern extremity of the Yorkshire coalfield containing shales, mudstones, sandstones and coal seams laid down in the Carboniferous period. The rock strata have a general dip towards the south and south-east.
Great Swarcliffe Wood, formerly Great Swarcliffe Plantation, which borders Swarcliffe Avenue, Eastwood Gardens, Swarcliffe Drive and Eastwood Drive, contains an abundance of sycamore, oak and rowan trees, being approximately long, and wide. The Little Swarcliffe Wood, formerly Little Swarcliffe Plantation, borders Swarcliffe Drive, but can be accessed via Swarcliffe Bank. It has a collection of European trees, including sycamore, oak, ash, elm and lime. It is approximately long, and wide. Although the woods can be crossed along desire pathways, there are no official public rights of way. Fed by the Grimes Dike from the north of York Road, the Cock Beck runs in a southerly direction past Swarcliffe and Stanks' eastern borders, and joins the River Wharfe to the south of Tadcaster.
Neighbouring districts.
<br clear=left>
Climate.
Although the climate in Swarcliffe is generally relatively moderate, in  2011 it was reported that extreme winds had damaged the roofs of several flats in the Lombardy House block on Southwood Close. Structural engineers were called to inspect the damage.
Demography.
In 2009, the population of Swarcliffe and Stanks was 6,751, of which 4,544 were considered to be "hard-pressed", or experiencing financial difficulty.
In the 2001 census Swarcliffe was recorded as having 4,819 Christians, 18 Sikhs, 17 Muslims, nine Buddhists, six Hindus and six Jews. The census recorded the ethnicity of the inhabitants: 6,303 White British, forty-seven Irish, thirty-two mixed race Black Caribbean and White, three mixed race Black African and White, thirteen mixed race Asian and White, twelve Indian, eleven Pakistani, three Black Caribbean, eleven Black African, and seven Chinese.
Education.
Swarcliffe School, on Swarcliffe Drive, was an infant (5 to 8-years-old) and junior school (8 to 11-years-old), but the junior section was demolished in the 2000s, and the school renamed Swarcliffe Primary School and Nursery. In the early 1960s, Oxfam made a colour film for its 21st anniversary about the pupils of Swarcliffe School, called "Swarcliffe Junior School Presents Our Daily Bread", which featured pupils creating a stand for Leeds' "Freedom From Hunger" exhibition.
In September 1964, St. Gregory's Catholic Primary School opened on Stanks Gardens to accommodate the overflow of children from St Theresa's Primary School in Cross Gates, which is , to the south. In 1989, the school moved to the former St. Kevin's Secondary modern school premises on Barwick Road. The school closed in 2008 and was demolished in late 2009. The old school became St Gregory’s Youth & Adult Centre, offering adult education classes, older people’s services, child care, a Youth Service, and the Swarcliffe Good Neighbours Scheme which was established in 1994. Grimes Dyke Primary School was built in the late 1960s in the north eastern part of Swarcliffe. In a 2008 census, it was reported that 1,419 children lived in the Swarcliffe area.
Swarcliffe Children's Centre is a privately owned day nursery, on Langbar Road (behind The Staging Post public house), and the Tykes Pre-School Playgroup is situated in the St Gregory's Y & A Centre,
Stank Gardens.
Churches.
St Luke's Church is in the parish of Seacroft and part of the Seacroft Team Ministry; a group of (Anglican) churches in Seacroft, Whinmoor and Swarcliffe. The parish is in the Diocese of Ripon and Leeds. Funds to build the church were provided by the Lilley family, who were connected with the Samuel Smith Brewery in Tadcaster. The church was designed by M. J. Farmer and built in 1963, with stone taken from Ripon Cathedral being used to support the altar. Swarcliffe Baptist Church opposite Swarcliffe Primary School and Nursery, was used as a classroom when the school suffered from overcrowding. Stanks Methodist Church was opened on 23 February 1869, by Primitive Methodists, but the building was closed and the congregation disbanded in 2007.
St. Gregory's Roman Catholic Church (Swarcliffe Drive, opposite Southwood Gate), formally called St. Gregory the Great Church, is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Leeds. The land on which it stands was bought in 1954, but before building work started, mass was held in the priest's council house, with confessions taken through the dining hatch of the kitchen. The first church on the site, a simple red brick hall opened on 11 October 1956, is now occupied by St. Gregory's Social Club. On 12 March 1970, an octagonal church of modern design, by A. G. Pritchard Son & Partners, was opened next to the original church. It has simple bench seating for 335 worshippers. St. Gregory's Social Club hosts meetings of the Swarcliffe and Stanks' Residents and Tenants' Association.
Shops and public houses.
Swarcliffe Parade once had two rows of shops, but the north row was demolished in 2002. , the remaining parade consists of a Chinese takeaway, a newsagent and off-licence, a minimarket, a bakery, and a betting shop. , Stanks Parade has a newsagent, a fish-and-chip shop and a unisex hairdresser. A parade of shops and a post office on Langbar Gardens was closed in 2004.
The Squinting Cat public house, once known as the John Smeaton after the 18th-century civil engineer from nearby Austhorpe. The Whinmoor public house was closed in December 2010, and re-opened three years (2012) later as a pub, but also offers self-defence classes for ages of all which is placed on the left hand side of the building. Swarcliffe Working Men's Club, a members only club, was built in the 1960s, in 2011 it had 1,700 members. St. Gregory’s Social Club was next to St. Gregory's Roman Catholic Church and was closed in 2011. The Staging Post public house is on Swarcliffe Avenue/Whinmoor Way.
Transport and infrastructure.
Public transport in Swarcliffe is coordinated by the West Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive. The nearest rail station is Cross Gates station. Bus links from Swarcliffe to other areas are operated by First Leeds. The nearest international airport is Leeds Bradford Airport, which is away.
Built in 1973, Stanks Fire Station is on Sherburn Road. Under the control of the West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, its 24 firefighters provide a service to more than 42,452 people, covering approximately . Policing is provided by West Yorkshire Police, operating from Killingbeck police station. There are currently no dentists' practices or doctors' surgeries in the Swarcliffe area, although the Windmill Health Centre is just outside the north-west boundary, on Mill Green View, and the Seacroft Dental Practice is on York Road, Seacroft. Swarcliffe library on Langbar Road was recently closed; it will be replaced with a mobile library.
Leeds City Council is responsible for providing all statutory local authority services in the area. These include: education, housing, planning, transport and highways, social services, libraries, leisure and recreation, waste collection, waste disposal, environmental health and revenue collection. Yorkshire Water manages the area's drinking and waste water.
Northern Gas Networks distributes gas, and CE Electric UK distributes electricity from the national transmission system to customers in Yorkshire.
Media.
As well as national newspapers, Swarcliffe is served by the daily "Yorkshire Post", and an evening paper, the "Yorkshire Evening Post" (YEP). The "Leeds Weekly News" is a free publication, also produced by Yorkshire Post Newspapers in four geographic versions, which is distributed to households in the main urban areas of the city. "Seacroft Today" is an internet site, funded by the "Yorkshire Evening Post", which features news specifically about Seacroft, Whinmoor and Swarcliffe. Local radio stations are BBC Radio Leeds, 96.3 Radio Aire, Magic 828, Capital Yorkshire, and East Leeds FM, which was started in 2003, by students from John Smeaton Community College in neighbouring Manston. BBC Television and ITV have regional studios that serve the area.
Inhabitants.
In 2005, Norman Harding, a trade unionist, tenants’ leader and socialist, published "Staying Red: Why I Remain a Socialist", detailing his life and political activities while living at 40 Eastwood Crescent. In 2008, he was writing book about Doris Storey, the winner of two Olympic swimming gold medals at the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney, Australia. Mr. Harding lives in the Swarcliffe area. The Leeds-born musician, Andrew Edge, grew up in the area, attending Swarcliffe School. He used two photographs taken in Swarcliffe, of a sunrise and sunset, for his "Northern Sky" album in 1996 (BMG Austria).
Swarcliffe residents take part in the annual Leeds in Bloom Private Gardens competition, with a number of gold, silver or bronze winners living in the area.
Crime.
Crime rate data is collected by the Crime and Disorder Reduction Partnership; an organisation involving the local police force, council, fire authority, and primary care trusts.
An example of anti-social behaviour which prompted the enforcement of an Anti-Social Behaviour Order, ASBO, was the case of a young man who, in 2008, had posted more than eighty videos of his anti-social behaviour on YouTube, including high-speed road races, verbal abuse, trespassing, leaving a petrol station (supposedly), without paying for petrol, and videoing his use of class A drugs. He was branded "Leeds' dumbest criminal" by councillor Les Carter, who added: "In the last three years, we have seen a 32 per cent reduction in crime in Leeds. If more criminals were as obliging, the city would be even safer".
In 2010, a Chinese national, who led a gang of smugglers, was jailed for over three years for running an operation worth £1.5 million. The cargoes of cigarettes and alcohol were hidden in shipments of tea, plastic bags and storage shelves. In 2011, a 42-year-old female drug dealer was jailed for six years for paying others up to £5,000 to confess to her crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="9778894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778894" title="High Gardham">
High Gardham

High Gardham is a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately west of Beverley town centre and west of the village of Cherry Burton. It lies to the south of the A1079 road.
It forms part of the civil parish of Cherry Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="9778896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778896" title="1840 in Ireland">
1840 in Ireland

Events from the year 1840 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9778938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778938" title="Lionel Sams">
Lionel Sams

Lional Jeffrey Sams (born 20 January 1961 in Paddington, London) is an English darts player who previously played in the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) tournaments. His nickname was The Lion for his matches. Since 2011, he plays for the British Darts Organisation (BDO).
Sams first televised darts match was on Anglia Television in 1986 at the Ladbrokes Festival (British Matchplay). He reached the final, but lost to Terry O'Dea. He then had some minor tournament victories including the Camber Sands Singles (1988) and Kent Open (1988 and 1989) but it was a long time before he made any impact on the darts circuit.
Professional Darts Corporation career.
His career turned for the better after joining the PDC. He hit a perfect nine-dart leg in a match against Ronnie Baxter in Montreal in May 2002 - there was no prize for the achievement but players passed round a hat to collect $400. He qualified for the PDC World Championship for the first time in 2004 and beat Roland Scholten before losing to Simon Whatley in the last 16. 
Sams consistently reached the last 16 of tournaments on the PDC circuit, which helped him to maintain a world ranking inside the top 32. He hawas seeded 16 in 2006 and 22 in 2007 for the World Championship as a result.
Sams was successful at the West Tyrone Open in February 2007, winning the singles and the doubles event, with Sean MaGowan.
Career decline.
Sams's record at the World Championship has been poor since reaching the last 16 in 2004 and he lost his first match at each of the 2005, 2006 and 2007 Championships. He also failed to achieve success in the other televised tournaments, being unable to reach the quarter-final stage of any of the majors. He slipped outside the top 32 towards the end of 2007, and as a result he inadvertently failed to enter himself for the qualifying rounds for the 2008 World Championship, missing out on the tournament for the first time since 2003. He has failed to qualify for the PDC World Championship since 2007. 
During 2009, he reached two quarter finals on the PDC Pro Tour, but ended the year with only £6,100 in total prize money. He had a further decline in 2010, picking up just £600 in total prize money as he entered fewer events and then failed to get past the last 64 stage of any Pro Tour Event. His PDC ranking fell to near 100 at the start of 2011 and he chose to decline a Pro Tour card for the year, effectively ending his PDC career. He joined the British Darts Organisation circuit in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9778939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778939" title="Maya with Doll">
Maya with Doll

Maya with Doll ("Maya a la Poupee") is an oil painting by Pablo Picasso. Created in 1938, the "New York Times" described it as "a colorful Cubist portrait of Picasso’s daughter as a child clutching a doll." 
2007 theft and recovery.
On February 28, 2007, the painting was one of two stolen from the home of Picasso's granddaughter Diana Widmaier-Picasso. The other was a 1961 painting of his second wife, titled "Jacqueline".
On August 7, 2007, French officials announced that the painting had been recovered, along with the other stolen painting, "Jacqueline". The paintings were found in Paris and the thieves, who were known to the police for previous cases of art theft, were arrested.

</doc>
<doc id="9778949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778949" title="Succinea putris">
Succinea putris

Succinea putris is a species of small air-breathing land snail in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.
Description.
The 10-17 (27) x 6-8 mm has 3-4 whorls.These are relatively flat and with shallow sutures. The body whorl is massive and 
the aperture is much greater than 50% of shell height. The spire is small.In colour the is amber yellow. The animal is yellow with a red hue, which becomes lighter downwards to the sides. The animal can also be dark grey.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is Palearctic, in the European-Siberian region, including the following countries and islands:
Habitat.
This species lives in very damp places, such as on vegetation on river banks and marshes.
Life cycle.
The lifespan of "Succinea putris" in laboratory conditions is 13 to 17 months.
Parasites.
Parasites and parasitoids of this species include the trematodes "Leucochloridium macrostomum" and "L. paradoxum" and the fly "Pherbellia punctata".

</doc>
<doc id="9778956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778956" title="Rimouski (provincial electoral district)">
Rimouski (provincial electoral district)

Rimouski is a provincial electoral district in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region of Quebec, Canada, that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It includes the city of Rimouski and various other municipalities.
It was created for the 1867 election (and an electoral district of that name existed earlier in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada).
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it lost Lac-des-Aigles and Biencourt to the newly created Rivière-du-Loup–Témiscouata electoral district.

</doc>
<doc id="9779006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779006" title="Ten Sing">
Ten Sing

Ten Sing is a Christian youth program within the YWCA and YMCA, engaging teenagers in creative performing arts.
Activities, goals and values.
Ten Sing work is based on a common agreement between member countries of the European Ten Sing Group - The Ten Sing Idea:
Abstract
Ten Sing is an international Youth programme within the YMCA (Young Men's Christian Association) and YWCA (Young Women's Christian Association), which focuses on getting young people to express themselves by using their own culture through creative performing arts.
The main aims
The underlying objectives are leadership training, democracy training and personal and social development of body, mind and spirit. Ten Sing invites young people to a creative work process that uses different cultural expressions in a Christian context.
The three C's
The three C's "Culture, Creativity and Christ" are equally important parts of the Ten Sing idea.
By young people, for young people.
Young people know best what young people think, dream of, feel and desire. Therefore, young people should be active in the management of Ten Sing and take responsibility for running programmes themselves.
Young responsibility, adult presence
Ten Sing is for young people, with young people and run by young people. Even though the young people are responsible for the programme, it is important to have adult presence. Adults should act as mentors for the youth leaders. The adults should be a resource for help, support and advice when needed.
The whole human being
Everybody has talents that can be used in Ten Sing, and everyone should get the chance to be creative and active with his or her own mind and body, thus stimulating their spirit. This happens through a great variety of performing arts, such as music, dance, drama, video and other creative expressions. The Ten Sing programme focuses on "the whole human being", with spirit, mind and body. The YMCA-logo - the triangle - illustrates that all parts are equally important.
Process before product
To reach the goal of developing young people, Ten Sing focuses on the process of making a creative performance. The process is the tool to make everybody contribute. Therefore, the young people should develop both social and creative skills.
This is why the process itself is the key: Letting the young people work together regularly in a safe environment, trying and failing, challenging each other, developing and growing, whilst creating a product that the young people can enjoy and be proud of. This enables them to reflect and value their achievements and skills gained through the process.
Open membership, Christian leadership
Ten Sing is open to everyone irrespective of gender, beliefs, abilities, talents, ethnic and social background. It is not necessary to be a Christian to be a member of Ten Sing. Nevertheless, to secure the Christian context of Ten Sing it's important that at least one of the key leaders is a Christian.
Origin.
Ten Sing originated from Norway in 1968. The name "Ten Sing" is a combination of the Norwegian suffix "-ten" (en. "-teen") and the English word "sing" – a kind of language mixing that was quite common in Norway at the time.
The first Ten Sing group was started in Bergen by Kjell Grønner. It was inspired by Sing Out, which later became known as Up with People. The years that followed more groups were formed in Norway, and today there are over hundred groups all over Norway. The Norwegian YWCA–YMCA wanted to implement Ten Sing in other European countries, and the starting point was Germany in 1986. This was the start of Ten Sing Norwegen, now Ten Sing Norway. 
The first European Ten Sing Conference was held in 1987.
Ten Sing Norway.
Ten Sing Norway is a one year leader training program within the YMCA/YWCA of Norway. During the year the participants visit YMCA and YWCA - festivals, Ten Sing groups, youth clubs and groups within the YMCA/YWCA in both Norway and Europe. When on tour, Ten Sing Norway is holding seminars, shows, concerts and Ten Sing rehearsals. The participants live at Rønningen Folk High School in Oslo, and study Bible studies and Christian Youth Work at the University of Oslo.
External links.
Local Groups.
Ten Sing groups in Germany.
More are listed at the German Ten Sing-Homepage.
Ten Sing groups in Norway.
You can find a complete list of Norwegian Ten Sing groups at YMCA-YWCA Norway's hompage.

</doc>
<doc id="9779009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779009" title="Dearest Enemy">
Dearest Enemy

Dearest Enemy is a musical with a book by Herbert Fields, lyrics by Lorenz Hart, and music by Richard Rodgers. This was the first of eight book musicals written by the songwriting team of Rodgers and Hart and writer Herbert Fields. The musical takes place in 1776, during the American Revolutionary War. 
Production and background.
Herbert Fields, Rodgers and Hart first took their musical to Herbert's father, Lew Fields, to produce, but he declined, thinking the Revolutionary War story would not be commercial. Ultimately George Ford, husband of Helen Ford, the star of the show, agreed to produce it. The musical had been variously described as an operetta and a genuine comic opera in the press. 
The Broadway production opened on September 18, 1925 at the Knickerbocker Theatre, and closed on May 22, 1926, after 286 performances. Directed by John Murray Anderson, the cast included Flavia Arcaro as Mary, Helen Spring as Jane, John Seymour as Harry, Helen Ford as Betsy, Charles Purcell as Sir John, and H. E. Eldridge as Washington.
A television musical special featuring Cyril Ritchard, Anne Jeffreys, Robert Sterling, and Cornelia Otis Skinner as Mrs. Murray was broadcast on November 26, 1955.A cast recording of that broadcast was released on compact disc in 1997.
Plot.
Based on a true American Revolutionary War incident, its heroine is Mary Lindley Murray who, under orders from General Washington, detained British troops by serving them cake and wine in her Kips Bay, Manhattan home long enough for some 4,000 American soldiers to reassemble in Washington Heights in September 1776. Reality gives way to fanciful fictionalization with the addition of a pair of love stories, one involving Mary's daughter Jane and British General Tyron's son Harry, the other focusing on the on-again, off-again relationship between Mary's Irish niece Betsy Burke and British Capt. Sir John Copeland. Also playing a role in the plot is a houseful of beautiful young ladies eager to engage the enemy in more than just conversation, and a group of handsome young men happy to forget their patriotic duty for refreshments, music, and flirtations at the Murray mansion.
Critical response.
There was a "well-sustained attempt" to match the music to the plot and period. The ballads were "dainty, charming pieces."
The "Telegram" reviewer wrote that "We have a glimmering notion that someday they will form the American counterpart of the once great triumvirate of Bolton, Wodehouse, and Kern."

</doc>
<doc id="9779012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779012" title="Newtown Friends School">
Newtown Friends School

Newtown Friends School is a coeducational prekindergarten through eighth grade Quaker independent school founded in 1948 and located in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Though its name and address indicate it is in Newtown Township, it is physically located in Middletown Township. Newtown Friends' campus adjoins with that of George School.
Newtown Friends has two sections of sixteen to eighteen students at every grade level, except prekindergarten, which is one section of fourteen to sixteen students. Enrollment for the 2006-2007 school year is 317 students.
The curriculum at Newtown Friends includes a full range of subject areas including language arts, math, social studies, Latin (grades 5 through 8) or Spanish (grades PreK through 8), science, library, music and drama, art, computer and physical education. Learning at Newtown Friends takes place through a combination of hands-on experiences, group and individual projects, interdisciplinary approaches, as well as through the more traditional methods. Newtown Friends has a very active intergenerational program with Pennswood, a neighboring Quaker continuing life-care facility. The community service program is built into the curriculum and provides opportunities for all sixth through eighth graders to go out into the community on a regular basis. Community service in the earlier grades occurs through specific projects undertaken within the school which benefit outside agencies.
In fall 2000, Newtown Friends opened a new library media center and five new Lower School classrooms. In summer 2006, NFS did major renovations in its Upper School wing resulting in a new science laboratory and classroom, as well as improved spaces for five other classrooms.
Newtown Friends School is accredited by the Pennsylvania Association of Independent Schools (PAIS).

</doc>
<doc id="9779074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779074" title="Oxyloma elegans">
Oxyloma elegans

Oxyloma elegans is a species of small European land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk belonging to the family Succineidae, the amber snails.
Description.
The 9-17 x 6-8 mm (20 mm) shell usually has fewer than 3 whorls.The body whorl is very large and the spire is short. The shell is yellowish amber coloured with irregular radial growth lines.Genitalia differences separate "O. eligans" from "Oxyloma sarsii" and the genus "Succinea". The epiphallus is slightly curved and inside a short penis prolongation distance between penis and the pedunculus is very short. 
Ecology.
"Oxyloma elegans" occurs on vegetation in moist habitats such as marshes.
Distribution and conservation status.
This species occurs in European countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="9779090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779090" title="Talisman (Talisman album)">
Talisman (Talisman album)

Talisman is the self-titled first studio album by hard rock band Talisman, released in 1990 through Airplay/Vinylmania. It has been reissued three times: first in 1993 through Dino Music; followed by a remastered edition in 2003 through Dino/Empire Records, containing a bonus disc with demos and live recordings from 1990; and once again on September 12, 2012, as a deluxe Digipak edition with further bonus material.

</doc>
<doc id="9779107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779107" title="Jacqueline (painting)">
Jacqueline (painting)

Jacqueline is an oil painting by Pablo Picasso, created in 1961. The "New York Times" described it as "a black, gray and white Cubist oil of Jacqueline Roque, Picasso’s second wife." On February 28, 2007, the painting was one of two stolen from the home of Picasso's granddaughter Diana Widmaier-Picasso. The other was "Maya with Doll." On August 7, 2007, French officials announced that both paintings had been recovered. The paintings were found in Paris and the thieves, who were known to the police for previous cases of art theft, were arrested.

</doc>
<doc id="9779167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779167" title="R683 road (Ireland)">
R683 road (Ireland)

The R683 road is a regional road in Ireland. Located in the south of Ireland at Waterford, it connects the city to the village of Passage East, County Waterford and to County Wexford via a car ferry connection, which operates across the Waterford estuary between Passage East and the village of Ballyhack, County Wexford.
The route begins at "The Mall" in Waterford City and runs via "Lombard St.", "William St.", "Newtown Rd.", "Dunmore Rd.", in the city, and "Halfway House Bridge" and "Cowsheen Bridge" in County Waterford. It terminates at "River Road" in Passage East.
The section between Waterford city and the junction with the R684 at "Blenheim Cross" is known as the Dunmore Rd. From this point on, the R684 is considered to be the continuation of the Dunmore Rd. as far as the village of Dunmore East.

</doc>
<doc id="9779168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779168" title="1835 in Ireland">
1835 in Ireland

Events from the year 1835 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9779188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779188" title="Las Vegas–Henderson, NV–AZ combined statistical area">
Las Vegas–Henderson, NV–AZ combined statistical area

The Las Vegas–Henderson combined statistical area, known prior to 2013 as the Las Vegas–Paradise–Pahrump combined statistical area, is made up of two counties in southern Nevada and one in northwestern Arizona. The statistical area consists of the Las Vegas–Paradise, NV MSA, the Lake Havasu City–Kingman, AZ MSA and the Pahrump micropolitan statistical area. At the 2010 census, the CSA had a population of 2,195,401.
Communities.
Census-designated places.
"Note: All census-designated places are unincorporated."

</doc>
<doc id="9779219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779219" title="Rivière-du-Loup (electoral district)">
Rivière-du-Loup (electoral district)

Rivière-du-Loup is a former provincial electoral district in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region of Quebec, Canada, which elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec.
It was created for the 1931 election from a portion of the electoral district of Témiscouata. It disappeared in the 1939 election and its successor electoral district was Kamouraska–Rivière-du-Loup; however, it was re-created for the 1944 election.
Its final general election was in 2008; there was a by-election in 2009. It disappeared in the 2012 election and the successor electoral district was Rivière-du-Loup–Témiscouata.

</doc>
<doc id="9779222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779222" title="Ger Brady">
Ger Brady

Ger Brady is a Gaelic football player who plays for Ballina Stephenites, and more recently for Mayo GAA He plays center half-forward or alternatively left half-forward or most commonly on the bench. He won a Senior All Ireland Club Championship medal with his club in 2005, which he subsequently lost in a wager with his brother,Liam about who was better looking.

</doc>
<doc id="9779225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779225" title="Black Nova Scotians">
Black Nova Scotians

Black Nova Scotians are people of African American descent whose ancestors fled Colonial America as slaves or freemen, and settled in Nova Scotia, Canada during the 18th and early 19th centuries. As of the 2011 Census of Canada, 20,790 black people live in Nova Scotia, most in Halifax. The majority of Black Canadians are of Caribbean ancestry, with many of recent African origin and smaller numbers from Latin American countries. However, both Nova Scotia and Southwestern Ontario have a sizable number of Black Canadians who descended from freed American slaves.
Black Nova Scotians were initially established in rural settings, and were usually very independent up until the 1960s, when some inner-city neighbourhoods were built, starting with the demolition of Africville. Some of the settlements include: Birchtown, East Preston, Cherrybrook, Lincolnville, Upper Big Tracadie, Five Mile Plains, Uniacke Square, North Preston, Mulgrave Park, Tracadie, Shelburne, Lucasville, Beechville, parts of Hammonds Plains and several others.
History.
Port Royal: First black person in Canada.
The first recorded instance of a black presence in Canada was that of Mathieu de Costa. He arrived in Nova Scotia sometime between 1603 and 1608 as a translator for the French explorer Pierre Dugua, Sieur de Monts. The first known black person to live in Canada was a slave from Madagascar named Olivier Le Jeune (who may also have been of partial Malay ancestry).
American Revolution: Loyalists and slaves.
The end of the American War of Independence led the Black Loyalists to flee what was becoming the United States of America, many being relocated in the British colony of Nova Scotia, Canada. Following Dunmore's Proclamation, the British authorities in American colonies promised freedom to the former slaves of the rebelling Americans, who escaped and made their way into British lines. Large numbers of enslaved colonial African Americans took advantage of this opportunity to obtain their freedom and they made their way over to the British side, as did a much smaller number of free African Americans. Many of the Black Loyalists performed military service in the British Army, and others served non-military roles. Approximately three thousand Black Loyalists sailed to Nova Scotia between April and November of 1783, travelling on both Navy vessels and British chartered private transports.
Black people arrived in Canada in several waves. The first of these came with the French as free persons serving in the French army and navy, and some were enslaved. The British colonial authorities promised land grants to those who had escaped to the Crown during the American Revolution, though more promises were broken than kept. White American Loyalists fled north, bringing their African American slaves with them, while free African Americans also made their way to the colonies of British North America, settling predominantly in Nova Scotia. This latter group was largely made up of tradespeople and labourers, and many set up home in Birchtown in southwestern Nova Scotia. Many of these African Americans had roots mainly in American states like Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia and Maryland. Some came from Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York as well.
In 1782, the first race riot in North America took place in Birchtown, with white soldiers attacking the black settlers who were getting work that the soldiers thought they should have. Due to the unkept promises of the British government and the discrimination from the white colonists, 1,192 African American men, women and children left Nova Scotia on January 15, 1792 and established Freetown, Sierra Leone.
Maroons: Immigration and emigration.
Funds had been provided by the Government of Jamaica to aid in the resettlement of the Maroons. Five thousand acres was purchased at Preston at a cost of £3000. Small farm lots were provided to the Maroons and they attempted to farm the infertile land. Like the former tenants that were poor, they occupied horrible and unproductive land at Preston; as a result they had minor success. A reason the Maroons found farming in Nova Scotia difficult is because the climate would not allow their customary food crops such as bananas, yams, pineapples or cocoa to grow. Small numbers of Maroons relocated from Preston to Boydville for better farming land. The British Lieutenant Governor Sir John Wentworth made an effort to change the Maroons’ culture and beliefs by introducing them to Christianity. From the monies provided by the Jamaican Government, Wentworth procured an annual stipend of £240 for the support of a school and religious education. The Maroons were not interested in converting from their own religion to Christianity. They were very strong, opinionated people, and would not work for less money than an average white person. 
After suffering through the harsh winter of 1796-1797, Wentworth reported the Maroons expressed a desire that "they wish to be sent to India or somewhere in the east, to be landed with arms in some country with a climate like that they left, where they may take possession with a strong hand." The British Government and Wentworth opened discussions with the Sierra Leone Company in 1799 to send the Maroons to Sierra Leone. The Jamaican Government had in 1796 initially planned to send the Maroons to Sierra Leone but the Sierra Leone Company rejected the idea. The initial reaction in 1799 was the same but the Company was eventually persuaded to accept the Maroon settlers. On August 6, 1800 the Maroons departed Halifax, arriving on October 1 at Freetown, Sierra Leone.
War of 1812: Refugees.
The next major migration of blacks into Nova Scotia occurred between 1813 and 1815. Black war refugees from the United States settled in many parts of Nova Scotia including Hammonds Plains, Beechville, Lucasville and Africville.
Canada was not suited to the large-scale plantation agriculture practised in the southern United States, and slavery became increasingly rare. In 1793, in one of the first acts of the new Upper Canadian colonial parliament, slavery was abolished. It was all but abolished throughout the other British North American colonies by 1800, and was illegal throughout the British Empire after 1834. This made Canada an attractive destination for those fleeing slavery in the United States, such as American minister Boston King.
20th century: Caribbean and United States.
In the late nineteenth century, there was an unofficial policy of restricting blacks from immigrating to Canada, and in the 1920s, formal racially-based immigration standards excluding blacks were developed. The huge influx of immigrants from Europe and the United States in the period before World War I included only very small numbers of black arrivals.
Another wave of immigration to Nova Scotia occurred in the 1920s, with blacks from the Caribbean coming to work in the steel mills of Cape Breton Island. The restrictions on immigration remained until 1962, when racial rules were eliminated from the immigration laws. This coincided with the dissolution of the British Empire in the Caribbean, and over the next decades several hundred thousand blacks came from that region to Canada.
Westward Migration.
Beginning in the 1950s, many Black Nova Scotians migrated west to Toronto, Ontario. Initially, they felt shunned and excluded by the city's established black community, who felt embarrassed by the "backward and unsophisticated ways" of the rural Nova Scotians. However, in the decades that followed, Black Nova Scotians contributed to the growth of Toronto, and today they maintain a strong presence within the city's black community. Aside from Toronto, Black Nova Scotians also migrated to cities such as Montreal, which already had a long-standing black community, as well as Winnipeg, Vancouver, and other metropolitan areas in Canada.
Coloured Hockey League.
In 1894, an all-black ice hockey league, known as the Coloured Hockey League, was founded in Nova Scotia. Black players from Canada's Maritime provinces (Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island) participated in competition. The league began play 23 years before the National Hockey League was founded, and as such, it has been credited with some innovations which exist in the NHL today. Most notably, it is claimed that the first player to use the slapshot was Eddie Martin of the Halifax Eurekas, more than 100 years ago. The league remained in operation until 1930.
Separatist politics.
The black separatist movement of the United States had a significant influence on the mobilization of the Black community in Nova Scotia. This Black separatist approach to address racism and black empowerment was introduced to Nova Scotia by Marcus Garvey in the 1920s. Garvey argued that black people would never get a fair deal in white society, so they ought to form separate republics or return to Africa. White people are considered a homogenous group who are essentially racist and, in that sense, are considered unredeemable in efforts to address racism. 
Garvey visited Nova Scotia twice, first in the 1920s, which led to a UNIA office in Cape Breton, and then the famous 1937 visit. He was initially drawn by the founding of an African Orthodox Church in Sydney in 1921 and maintained contact with the ex-pat West Indian community. The UNIA invited him to visit in 1937. (Garvey presided over UNIA regional conferences and conventions in Toronto, in 1936, 1937, and 1938. At the 1937 meeting he inaugurated his School of African Philosophy.)
Despite objections from Martin Luther King Jr., this separtist politics was reinforced again in the 1960s by the Black Power Movement and especially its militant subgroup the Black Panther Party. Francis Beaufils (aka Ronald Hill) was a fugitive Black Panther facing charges in the U.S. who had found refuge in rural Nova Scotia. The separatist movement influenced the development of the Halifax-based Black United Front (BUF). Black United Front was a Black nationalist organization primarily based in Halifax, Nova Scotia that was founded by Burnley "Rocky" Jones in 1965 loosely based on the 10 point program of the Black Panther Party. In 1968, Stokely Carmichael, who coined the phrase "Black Power!", visited Nova Scotia helping organize the BUF. The organization remained in operation until 1996. The black separatist politics continues to be reflected in the work of Rocky Jones, Wanda Thomas-Bernard among others.
Organizations.
Several distinct unions and organizations exist created by and serving the Black Nova Scotian community. Many were formed to answer to the needs of a distinct people in the face of discrimination. Some of these include the African United Baptist Association of Nova Scotia, The Black Educators Association of Nova Scotia, African Nova Scotian Music Association, Health Association of African Canadians and the Black Business Initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="9779243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779243" title="Headz or Tailz">
Headz or Tailz

Headz or Tailz is the second album released by rap group, Do or Die. It was released on April 7, 1998, by Rap-A-Lot Records/Virgin Records. Like the group's previous album, Headz or Tailz was a success, peaking at #13 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and producing the semi-successful single, "Still Po Pimpin", which peaked at #62 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #16 on the Hot Rap Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="9779281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779281" title="Lake Travis High School">
Lake Travis High School

Lake Travis High School is a public high school located approximately 20 miles west of Austin, Texas near Lake Travis. The preparatory is accredited by the Texas Education Agency and rated as an exemplary secondary by TEA standards. LTHS serves students in grades nine through twelve who live in southwest Travis County and is part of the Lake Travis Independent School District. LTHS and LTISD were both established in 1981 after splitting from the Dripping Springs Independent School District. The current high school was built in 1988. Because of major growth in the Austin Metropolitan Area, the high school has undergone several expansion projects. Due to the increase in student population, LTHS was reclassified in 2012 as a member of the UIL 5A conference. The 5A is the largest classification for Texas high schools with enrollment typically at or above 2000 students.
Lake Travis HS features several distinguished programs. The Cavalier football team won five consecutive state championships, from 2007-2011; the only Texas football team to accomplish this feat.
History & Academics.
Lake Travis High School has more than 200 academic courses including 25 Advanced Placement (AP) courses and 30 Pre-AP/Honors courses. The school also offers students membership in more than 50 student clubs and organizations. Lake Travis HS offers elective courses which are housed within the Institutes of Study, a comprehensive academic program that allows students to pursue an area of study in depth. The six Institutes of Study are: Institute of Advanced Sciences & Medicine, Institute of Business, Finance & Marketing, Institute of Veterinary & Agricultural Science, Institute of Humanities, Technology & Communications, Institute of Math, Engineering & Architecture, and the Institute of Fine Arts. A special education program also exists to meet the needs of identified students. Lake Travis won the UIL-4A Lone Star Cup for the 2011-2012 school year. The cup is awarded to the states overall top high school based on academic and athletic achievements.
School body diversity.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, Lake Travis HS's racial diversity is 73.5% White, 17.4% Hispanic, 3.6% Asian, 3.6% identified as two or more races, 1.5% Black and 0.4% other. The Texas Education Agency also reports the diversity of staff, in 2009-10 faculty racial composition was 89% White, 7% Hispanic, 2% Asian, 1% African American, and 1% other.
SAT scores.
The average SAT scores for the Class of 2010 was 1674 which beat the state average of 1462 and the national average of 1509.
Programs.
Athletics.
Football.
The Football sports team are the "Cavaliers", named after the mascot of the school with uniform colors being red and black. In 2011, Lake Travis High School became the first football program in Texas to have won five straight state championships. In the 2007 season, Lake Travis won its first ever football state championship. In 2008 LT defeated Longview 48-23 in the championship game. In 2009 LT had another undefeated season, once again beating Longview (24-17) in the 2009 Texas 4A Championship Game. In 2010 LT reached the UIL 4A State Championship Game at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington. In that game LT defeated the #3 ranked Denton Ryan Raiders 27-7; giving the Cavs their fourth consecutive state championship, making them the only 4A or 5A Texas school to accomplish this feat. In 2011, the Cavs again went undefeated, and defeated Waco Midway 22-7 in the state championship game. Lake Travis became the first Texas football program to win five consecutive state titles. As of 2006 LTHS was home to the largest high school weight training room in the United States.
Rugby.
Lake Travis won the Texas State High School Rugby Championship in 2013 and is ranked 18th in the nation after only three seasons in existence. They outscored their division opponents 247 - 0 and all opponents through their championship victory 401 - 24.
Cheerleading.
Lake Travis won the National Cheerleaders Association (NCA) Senior and Junior High School National Championship held December 28–29, 2008 at the Dallas Convention Center.
Golf.
The boys team won the 3A state title in 1997, the 4A state title in 2011 and 2012, and the 5A state title in 2013. The girls team also won the 5A state title in 2013 In 2011 and 2012, the boys varsity golf team were also winners of the UIL 4A State Championship which added to Lake Travis's athletic success.
Volleyball.
Members of the Lake Travis HS Volleyball Team are known as the Lady Cavs. The team won the Texas 4A State Championship in 2010 and 2011. They were also ranked by PrepVolleyball as the number one high school volleyball team in the nation.
In 2010, the Lady Cav Volleyball Team became the first LTHS girls team to win a state championship. The following year, in 2011, the Lady Cavs were ranked as the number one high school volleyball team in the nation. They finished with a 50-0 record and a second straight state title.
Fine Arts.
Performing Arts Center.
The Lake Travis ISD Performing Arts Center houses two theaters which are staffed and operated by the LTHS Technical Theatre Department.
Band.
In 2012, the Lake Travis High School Drumline received first place and the title of state champion in the Percussion Scholastic A classification of the Texas Color Guard Circuit, in 2013, received first place and the title of state champion in the Percussion Scholastic Marching Open classification of the Texas Color Guard Circuit.
Theatre.
The LTHS Theatre program is divided into technical theatre and theatre arts. The program supports 3 annual productions: a fall show, musical, and UIL competition play. LTHS Theatre also offers three clubs: technical theatre, drama, and an International Thespians Society troupe.
Cavalettes.
In 2012, the Cavalettes dance/drill team performed at the Tournament of Roses Parade, marking the first time in the history of the parade that a high school drill and dance team performed an opening number. In 2013, The Cavalettes also performed in Orlando, Florida at Downtown Disney.
Choir.
The LTHS Choir is divided into four main choirs, including Varsity Women's, Varsity Men's, Varsity Mixed, and Non-Varsity.
Extracurriculars.
Speech/Debate.
The Lake Travis Speech and Debate Team participates in both the National Forensic League and the Texas Forensic Association (TFA). The LTHS Speech & Debate Team also earned UIL State Championships in both Informative & Persuasive Extemporaneous Speaking in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9779286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779286" title="Bill Hosokawa">
Bill Hosokawa

William Kumpai Hosokawa (January 30, 1915 – November 9, 2007) was a Japanese American author and journalist who worked for 38 years at "The Denver Post", before retiring as the editorial page editor from that particular paper in 1984. Hosokawa retired from the newspaper industry in 1992.
Hosokawa was also a prolific author. His 1969 book "Nisei: The Quiet Americans" chronicles the experiences of second-generation Japanese-Americans, including the internment experience during World War II. His last work, "Colorado's Japanese Americans from 1886 to the Present", was published in 2005. Other books include "Out of the Frying Pan", "Thirty-Five Years in the Frying Pan", "Thunder in the Rockies", "The Two Worlds of Jim Yoshida", and "The Uranium Age".
Hosokawa was a recipient of the 2007 Civil Rights Award from the Anti-Defamation League.
Early life.
Bill Hosokawa was born on January 30, 1915, in Seattle, Washington. His parents were recent immigrants from Japan. His father, Setsugo Hosokawa, who immigrated from Hiroshima, Japan, in 1899 at the age of 15, worked as a migrant farm worker and a railroad section hand in Montana. Hosokawa's parents eventually settled in Seattle.
Hosokawa graduated from Garfield High School in Seattle. He enrolled at the University of Washington, where he earned his bachelor's degree in journalism in 1937. In 1936, while a student at UW, Hosokawa's professor and adviser strongly recommended that he abandon his journalism career goals, because no newsroom would hire a Japanese American.
Career.
Hosokawa and his new wife, Alice Miyake, moved to Asia in 1938 because he was unable to land a job at any major metropolitan newspaper in the United States. He found a job working at an English-language newspaper in Singapore. He was later employed by a magazine in Shanghai, China. 
Hosokawa's wife returned to the U.S. in anticipation of the birth of their first child. Hosokawa did not see his son, Michael, until the baby was 14 months old. The family lived in Seattle in 1941, just before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Soon after the attack, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066. As a result, Bill Hosokawa, his wife, and the couple's infant son were among 120,000 Japanese Americans on the West Coast who were sent to Japanese internment camps during World War II.
The Hosokawa family were sent first to an assembly center at the Puyallup, Washington fairgrounds where the family, along with others from the Seattle area, lived in horse stalls while the camps were being built. The family was moved to the Heart Mountain Relocation Center in Wyoming when he was 27 years old. Hosokawa's later writings and news reports were influenced by his time spent interned with fellow second-generation Japanese Americans, who were known as "Nisei", and their children, such as his son, who were known as "Sansei". Since Hosokawa had journalism and writing experience, he was appointed the editor of the Heart Mountain Relocation Camp newspaper, "The Heart Mountain Sentinel". 
Hosokawa and his family were released from the internment camp in 1943, so he could work as a copy editor at "The Des Moines Register". However, the experience of internment stayed with Hosokawa. For more than forty years Hosokawa published a column in the "Pacific Citizen" entitled "From The Frying Pan". His column offered his personal observations on the internment of Japanese Americans. His topics included bigotry and what he called "native fascism." His later entries sometimes focused on parenthood and travel, but he usually stayed on the topic of discrimination.
Hosokawa finally received a position with a major metropolitan newsroom after World War II, when he accepted a job with the "Denver Post". He served as a war correspondent for the "Denver Post" during the Korean War and Vietnam War. He also worked at the "Post" as a columnist, associate editor, and assistant managing editor at the paper. He also held the post of the editor of the "Denver Post"'s Sunday magazine for twenty-five years.
He left the "Denver Post" in 1984 and took a position as the reader ombudsman at the "Rocky Mountain News", which is the archrival of the "Denver Post". He remained with the "Rocky Mountain News" for eight years, until his retirement from the newspaper business in 1992.
Hosokawa worked to promote opportunities from Nisei and Sansei Japanese Americans during his career. He often helped Japanese Americans, as well as recent immigrants, find jobs and counseling. According to the "Rocky Mountain News", Hosokawa once even gave away his living room couch to a couple who needed it. He also worked to promote positive Japan – United States relations. He served as the Honorary Consul General of Japan for Colorado from 1976 until 1999.
Author.
Hosokawa's books and writings were deeply influenced by his experience as a Japanese American in the internment camps during World War II. His first major work, "Nisei: The Quiet Americans", which explored this experience, became a national bestseller when it was published in 1969. He also focused some of his writings on his love of newspapers. His 1976 book, "Thunder in the Rockies", chronicled the history of the "Denver Post". His last book, "Colorado's Japanese Americans from 1886 to the Present", was published in 2005 when he was 90 years old.
Some of his writings were inscribed onto the National Japanese American Memorial in Washington D.C. when the monument was dedicated in 2000.
Honors.
Hosokawa received on honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Denver in 1990 for his work in journalism and literature. In 2003, the Asian American Journalists Association presented Hosokawa with its lifetime achievement award for his work. Most recently, he was a recipient of the 2007 Civil Rights Award from the Anti-Defamation League.
Additionally, the Japan Society of Colorado sponsors a fellowship in the name of Bill and Alice Hosokawa's name.
Death.
Bill Hosokawa died on November 9, 2007, at the age of 92 at the home of his daughter, Christie Harveson, in Sequim, Washington, where he had lived for the previous four months. Hosokawa's wife, Alice, died in 1998, while his youngest son, Peter, died in 2006. He was survived by his two daughters, Christie and Susan, his son, Michael, his brother, Robert Hosokawa, as well as eight grandchildren and seven great grandchildren. In a column published in the "Denver Post" on November 22, 2007, Hosokawa's colleague Fred Brown called him a "champion of civility, dignity and human rights".
A memorial service for Bill Hosokawa was held at the Gates Concert Hall at the University of Denver on February 17, 2008. The list of speakers honoring Hosokawa included Colorado Governor Bill Ritter and Ryozo Kato, the Ambassador of Japan to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9779314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779314" title="Comparison of LAN messengers">
Comparison of LAN messengers

The following tables compare general and technical information for a number of LAN messengers.
General information.
Basic general information about the LAN messengers: creator/company, license/price, among others.
Operating system support.
The operating systems the messengers can run on without emulators or compatibility layers.
Features.
Information on what features each of the clients support.
Note 1: Using Apple's Bonjour protocol

</doc>
<doc id="9779337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779337" title="Republic of Ireland national football team 2000s results">
Republic of Ireland national football team 2000s results

This article contains the results of the Republic of Ireland national football team between 2000 and 2009.
2008.
Match played in Germany due to South Ossetia war

</doc>
<doc id="9779353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779353" title="Eo River">
Eo River

The Eo is a river in northwestern Spain. Some 91 km in length, its estuary forms the boundary between the regions of Galicia and Asturias. The river is known for its salmon fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="9779359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779359" title="Huntington Library Quarterly">
Huntington Library Quarterly

Huntington Library Quarterly () is an official publication of the Huntington Library. It is a quarterly academic journal published by Huntington Library Press, a division of University of California Press. "Huntington Library Quarterly" publishes articles on the literature, history, and art of the sixteenth to eighteenth centuries in Britain and America, with special emphasis on the interactions of literature, politics, and religion; the social and political contexts of literary and art history; textual and bibliographical studies, including the history of printing and publishing; American studies, through the early nineteenth century; and the performance history of drama and music. The journal also publishes book reviews and review articles on important work in early modern studies. Its "Intramuralia" section reports comprehensively on the Huntington's acquisitions of rare books, manuscripts, and ephemera.

</doc>
<doc id="9779361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779361" title="Genesis (Talisman album)">
Genesis (Talisman album)

Genesis was the 2nd studio album by hard rock band Talisman released on 7 July 1993 on Dino Records.
Drummer Jake Samuels had left them to join Zinny J. Zan's band and then Marcel Jacob made all programmed drums used on the recording with an Alesis SR-16.
The album was recorded and mixed in three weeks in December 1992 at Stocksund Recording Studios. The band had a little help from Mats Lindfors (who later did the mixing) with engineering, and then Marcel Jacob recorded himself and Fredrik Åkesson.
Soto joined recording along with his then-girlfriend Julie Greaux (Billy Idol, Axel Rudi Pell) who ended up playing the grand piano on "All I Want".
When the album was released, the single "Mysterious" got some airplay, the album immediately sold some 15,000+ copies in Sweden. Both "Genesis" and "Talisman" garnered some international interest, and were released in Japan on Xero Records.
Track listing.
The track "Run With The Pack" is a cover-version of Bad Company and is the Japanese release bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="9779368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779368" title="Jūsō Kikō Dancouga Nova">
Jūsō Kikō Dancouga Nova

Plot.
The series takes place in 2107, where small wars take place all over the globe. A team of four people; Aoi Hidaka, Kurara Tachibana, Sakuya Kamon, Johnny Burnette, are chosen to be the pilots of the mysterious large robot that "protects the weak" and stops these small-scale wars, the Dancouga Nova. Like its predecessor, Dancouga Nova is a combining robot type of Super Robot, which have four separate units with each unit having its own pilot; the Nova Eagle, Nova Rhino, Nova Liger, and Nova Elephant, that form the Super Robot Dancouga Nova. The pilots are gathered by a secret organization that maintains the Dancouga Nova and dispatches its pilots on assigned missions from the organization's base of operations, the Dragon's Hive.
Mecha.
Its pilot is Eida and its first appearance is in Episode 4. It was then reclaimed by the Dragon's Hive after she defected from the enemy side.

</doc>
<doc id="9779380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779380" title="Saga of the Franklin">
Saga of the Franklin

Saga of the Franklin (1945) was a Kodachrome colour documentary film produced about the aircraft carrier USS "Franklin" which was hit by a Japanese dive bomber on March 19, 1945. "Franklin" was the most heavily-damaged carrier to survive World War II.
The film traces the career of the "Franklin" from construction to commissioning, and then follows her out to sea and combat. Some of the most harrowing footage in the film shows the aftermath of the Japanese bombing, when ammunition dumps aboard the carrier caught fire and began to explode. A sequence showing the ships chaplain, Lieutenant Commander Joseph T. O'Callahan, wearing a steel helmet while administering the last rites to a dying sailor is one of the most enduring images of World War II in the Pacific. Both O'Callahan and Lieutenant JG Donald A. Gary, were awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions on the Franklin.
The film ends as a badly damaged "Franklin", against all odds, reaches New York City for repairs.

</doc>
<doc id="9779389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779389" title="List of Jiraishin characters">
List of Jiraishin characters

The following are the characters that have appeared in the Jiraishin manga.

</doc>
<doc id="9779394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779394" title="Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary">
Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary

The Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary is an area of 50 million square kilometres surrounding the continent of Antarctica where the International Whaling Commission (IWC) has banned all types of commercial whaling. To date, the IWC has designated two such sanctuaries, the other being the Indian Ocean Whale Sanctuary.
Area.
The northern boundary of the sanctuary follows the 40°S parallel of latitude except in the Indian Ocean sector where it joins the southern boundary of the Indian Ocean Whale Sanctuary at 55°S, and around South America and into the South Pacific where the boundary is at 60°S.
History.
The Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary was established by the IWC in 1994 with 23 countries supporting the agreement and Japan opposing it.
The status of the Southern Ocean Sanctuary is reviewed and open to change by the IWC every 10 years. During the 2004 meeting a proposal was made by Japan to remove the sanctuary, but it failed to reach the 75% majority required (it received 25 votes in favour and 30 votes against with two abstentions).
Controversy and enforcement.
While commercial whaling is prohibited in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary, Japan's Institute of Cetacean Research (ICR) has continued to hunt whales inside the Sanctuary in accordance with a provision in the IWC charter permitting whaling for the purposes of scientific research. Japan clarified its position on whaling in a number of forums, noting that while some whale species are threatened, many such as minke whale are not. Some conservation groups such as the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society claim Japan's whaling operations are conducted in violation of the IWC charter, arguing that Japan's self-imposed annual quota of 1000 whale kills for research is not really scientific activity, but rather a veil to cover commercial fishing operations as whale meat ends up being sold in Japanese markets.
In an open letter to the Japanese government, published in 2002 in the New York Times and sponsored by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), 21 scientists declared that they "believe Japan's whale 'research' program fails to meet minimum standards for credible science". They were "concerned that Japan's whaling program is not designed to answer scientific questions relevant to the management of whales; that Japan refuses to make the information it collects available for independent review; and that its research program lacks testable hypotheses or other performance indicators consistent with accepted scientific standards". They accused Japan of "using the pretense of scientific research to evade its commitments to the world community".
The Australian delegation to the IWC has argued to repeal the provision that allows nations to harvest whales for scientific research, to no effect. 
Japan, meanwhile, lodged a formal objection to the sanctuary with regard to minke whales, meaning that the terms of the sanctuary do not apply to its harvest of that species within the boundaries of the sanctuary. Claiming the Japanese whaling fleet's actions to be illegal, the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society acts against Japanese whaling ships engaged in yearly hunts, attempting to interrupt or cut short the whaling activities. The ICR considers the activists' methods as constituting piracy, terrorism, and illegal harassment of the ICR fleet. 
Critics of the ICR point out that recent scientific advances allow for the use of non-lethal techniques in cetacean research, such as biopsies or determination of cetatean dietary intake through analysis of DNA samples from whale feces.
During the 2010/2011 whaling season, the ICR was forced to halt its whaling operations due to the actions of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, having harvested 172 whales (a fifth of their season quota). The ICR dispatched its whaling fleet as usual to the Northwest Pacific survey (JARPN II), with a quota for 260 whales, including 100 Minkes.
Dispute over legality.
Japan has argued that the establishment of the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary was in contravention of the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling (ICRW) on which the IWC is based and is therefore illegal. 
This view received strong support from Professor W. T. Burke of the University of Washington in his paper circulated as IWC Document Number IWC/48/33. He refers to Article V(2) of the ICRW, which states that the creation of any sanctuary must "be based on scientific findings" and "take into consideration the interests of the consumers of whale products and the whaling industry".
As there is no settlement procedure in the IWC for this type of dispute, Japan has asked the IWC to submit its case to a relevant legal body for analysis. The IWC has refused to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="9779398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779398" title="Bapudeva Sastri">
Bapudeva Sastri

Bapudeva Sastri (1821-1900) was an Indian scholar in Sanskrit and mathematics. 
Biography.
He was born on November 1, 1821, to a Brahmin family of Maharashtra. He received his early education in arithmetic and algebra at the Marathi school in Nagpur. He also studied the Lilāvati and Bijaganita under "Dhundiraja Misra".
Noting his talent the British political agent "Lancelot Wilkinson" secured his admission to the Sehore Sanskrit school where he studied Siddhānta Shiromani, Euclidean Geometry and European science in general under Pandit Sevarama and Wilkinson himself. In 1842 Sastri went to Government Sanskrit College , Varanasi where he taught rekha-ganita (Euclidean Geometry). In 1890 Sudhakar Dwivedi was appointed the teacher of mathematics and astrology after Bapudeva Sastri, retired in 1889.
Scholarly Works.
Bapudeva Sastri translated the Siddhānta Shiromani (a treatise on Hindu mathematics written in the twelfth century by Bhaskaracharya) and published it in Benares in 1891. With Lancelot Wilkinson, Sastri wrote commentary on "The Surya Siddhanta" (a treatise on Hindu Astronomy).

</doc>
<doc id="9779427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779427" title="Tarek Madkour">
Tarek Madkour

Tarek Adel Madkour (born in Cairo, Egypt on May 22, 1967) is an Egyptian singer. With a passion in music made his father bring a piano teacher to teach him the basics. In primary school, the music room was the place where you can usually find him all day long.
At the age of sixteen, he created his first band with his friends, named "The Hummers", playing different genres including rock and pop in nightclubs and gigs, two years later, he played with the most famous Egyptian band at that time, "Les Petits chats", which brought out many talented musicians like "Hany Shenouda", "Ezzat Abo Ouf" and "Omar Khayrat". Madkour played on keyboard and he was the youngest member of the band.
Fat'hy Salama (the famous Egyptian producer), used to tutor Madkour in the area of music composing and producing. He gave Madkour the chance to work on a song for "Amr Diab" in 1984, entitled "Ya Leila", and then "Eish Hal", this was Amr Diab's first album and it was a hit.
In 1988, he traveled to USA to study more about western music, he also got his engineering degree in architectonics. Tarek Madkour
Another big step in his life was in 1989 when he produced a song for the Egyptian super star "Mohamed Mounir" in a song written by "Abd Al Rahman Al Abanody" and composed by "Kamal Altaweel". It was a challenge to work with such big names in his early career.
Tarek Madkour now is one of the most important producers and songwriters in the Arabic region, he has changed Arabic music's look and feel by incorporating the eastern magic with western beats in a unique way, inducing him as the standard partner in every mega-hit during the 90s and up to this moment.
Working with the most famous Arabic super stars like Amr Diab, Nawal Al Zoghbi, Mohamed Mounir, Mostafa Amar, Samira Said, Hisham Abbas, Nancy Ajram, and many others, Madkour's music has won several World Music Awards in addition to many local and regional achievements. He has also introduced new talents to the industry like Mohamed Hamaki.
Songs list.
Some of his Songs :
-Amr Diab: 
"Ghanny Men Albak" (1984)
.Ya Leila
.Eish Hal
"Mayyal" (1988)
.Leila
"Ya Omrina "(1993)
.Ya Omrina
.Andak Ha'
.Dehket Oyoun Habiby
.Konna Habayeb
.Khalas Samehtak
.Bahlam
.Martahnash
.Mashy
"Zekrayat" (1994)
.Zekrayat
.Elhobb Ebtada
.Oloob
.Ya Omrina (Remix)
"Rag'een" (1995) 
.Rag'een
.Hansak Ana
.Sadda'teny
.Mayt-hekeesh Aleiha
.Balash Tekallemha
"Amarain" (1999)
.Amarain
.Ana
.Bahebbak Aktar (with Angela Dimitriou)
.Khalleek Fakerny
.Hekaiaty
"Tamally Ma'ak" (2000)
.Elalem Allah
.Tamally Ma'ak
.Keda Einy Einak
.We Heyya Amla Eih
.Seneen
.A'mel Eih
.Law Kan Yerdeek
.Ba'teref
.Alby Ekhtarak
.Sa'ban Alayya
"Aktar Wahed Byhebbak "(2001)
.Wala Ala Balo
.Aktar Wahed
.Kan Tayyeb
.Ba'ed Ellaially
.Olt Eih
.Wala Leila
.Adeeny Rege'telek
.Sadda'ny Khalas
.Ahebbek Akrahek
.Ya Habiby La
.Wala Ala Balo (Oriental)
"Kammel Kalamak" (2005)
.Kammel Kalamak
.Wemaloh
.Wihkaitak Eih
.Ayyam We Ben'eshha
.Allah La Yehremny Mennak
.Ma'ak Begad
.Betkhabby Leih
-Angham:
"Omry Maak"
.Esra2ny
"Leih Sebtaha"
.Leih Sebtaha
.Ana Andak
"Kol Ma Narrab"
.Mabat3allemsh 
.El Herouf
"nefsy ahebak"
.day eneik
.fi eih
- Cheb Mami:
.Hallili Dunyaya
"Laialy" 
.Inshallah
-Ehab Tawfik 
"Hat'addi"
.O'mor Ya Amar
.Yabo Alf Wasf Wesema
.Tefteker Eih Elly Garalna
.EYabo Deh
"Esmak Eih"
.Amel Amla
.Esmak Eih
-Hisham Abbas:
"Habiby Dah"
.Habiby Dah (Nari Nareen)
.Nawi Eih
.Mosh Hayen Alayya
.Albi
.Ah Mellaially 
"Gowa Fe Alby"
.Billeil
"Sebha Tehebbak"
.Olt Eih
.Oul Alayya
"Ta'ala Gamby"
.Mel lelady
-Mostafa Amar:
"Eftekerny"
.Ouloly Feen Habiby
.Garrah 
"Leman Yahommo El Amr"
.Ahl Elgharam
.Goha
.Kan Leyya Youm Habib
"Tal Elleel"
.Tal Elleel
.Ba'tnalo El Amar
.Elbahr
.Shaghleen Balo
"Nar El hob" 
.Benlef
"Eneik Wahshany"
.Ellila Doob
.Einek Wahshany
"Monaya"
.Monaya
.Habiby Erhamny
.Alb Garee'
.Oltaha
.Halleftak
"Ensa"
.Hobbak Nar
"Lessa Habyeb"
.Lessa Habayeb
.Mosh Awaidak
.Mabahebbekeesh
.Zay Zaman
.Harakat
-Mohamed Hamaki :
"Khallina Ne'eesh "
.Roh Alby 
.Betedhak
.Leeh La2
.Ma'darsh Ansak
.Yally Ghayeb
.Awel Leila
.Beteb'ed Leeh
.Adeeny Badoob
.Ew'ed Alby 
.Khallina Ne'eesh
"Cagewelouh "
.Soltan Gamalek
.Welak Welak
.Ayeza Eh Alih
"Delta Hits"
.Yana Yanta 
-Mohamed Mohy :
"Aghla Elnas"
.Ya Hawa Ballagh Habiby
.Koll Mafeyya
.Habibek Eltany
"Share' Elhawa"
.Mosh Kont Te'olly
.Wasso El Ayyam
.Lalom Alayya
-Rola Saad
.Kel el Gharam
.Nawyahalo
-Myriam Fares
.Ala Khwana
-Bassima
.Shou 3a Bali
.Helm elTuyour
-Maya Nasri
Law Kan Lak Alb:
.Habbet Hob
.Zakkerni Feek
.Et3azzebt Ya Albi
.Ya Msahharni
Ezzay Ta3rafni:
.Shou Feeha Law?
-Sophia Marikh
.Kelmet Hobb
-Dina Hayek
.Darb elHawa
.Shou Saab (Remix)
.Baddi Habibi
-Ahmed elSherif
.Bein elNass
.Wetwadda3na
.Ana 3am Fakker
-Iwan
.Khalas La2eitak
-Nancy Ajram:
"Sehr Ouyouno" (from Ya Salam
"Ah w Noss" (from Ah W Noss)
"Inta Eih"
"Oul Tany Kida"
"Atabtab" (from Atabtab)
"Moegaba"
"Ana Yalli"
"Ashtiki Minno"
"Ya Sissayyed"
"Betfakkar Fi Eih (from Betfakkar fi eih?!)
"Noss elKawn" (Meen Ghairy Ana?)
"Zaman Kan Andi Alb"
"Eftah Tefrah" (Coke hit single)
"Shaggaa' Be Alamak" (Wavin' Flag) - FIFA World Cup 2010 Official Coke Single
-Elissa:
.Hallili Dunyaya 
"Ayyami Beek"
.Ablak Albi Kan (Law Ma Teji)

</doc>
<doc id="9779428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779428" title="Lonnie Burr">
Lonnie Burr

Lonnie Burr was born on May 31, 1943, in Dayton, Kentucky. He is an American actor, dancer/choreographer, singer, director and author, best known for having been a star on the original "Mickey Mouse Club" television show from 1955 to 1959.
Early life.
Burr is of Danish, French, Scots-Irish and German descent. His parents were Howard Babin and Dorothy Burr, a vaudeville dance team that performed in film and on stage as "Dot and Dash".
Early performances.
At age four Burr started dance lessons and was soon making live appearances on local TV shows as well as acting on radio and turned professional at five. By six he began working on national television and radio, acting in commercials and landed his first film appearance in "A Yank in Korea" (1950). He had his first recurring television role as the next door neighbor Oliver Quimby on "The Ruggles" situation comedy (1950–1951). He guest starred on such series as "The Range Rider" (as Jimmy in the 1953 episode "The Holy Terror"), "The Colgate Comedy Hour", "The Roy Rogers Show", "The Alan Young Show", "The Donald O'Connor Show", and "Father Knows Best". He was the child lead on the soap opera "Dr. Paul" and the voice of Chef Boy-Ar-Dee for two years, both on radio. His stage career began at the Pasadena Playhouse at age six.
Lonnie landed his first guest star role as the title character on a segment of "The Range Rider" and the same year, his eighth, he performed his first stage lead in "The Strawberry Circle". His film roles include "Queen for a Day" (1951), "Hans Christian Andersen" (to whom he is related) (1952), "The Greatest Show on Earth" (1952) and "Apache" (1954).
His early television commercials include "Space Patrol" and "The Lone Ranger".
Mickey Mouse Club.
In 1955 he was signed to a seven-year contract by Walt Disney Studios as one of twenty-four original Mouseketeers. He was made a member of the show's first string unit, the Red Team, and appeared in the show's Roll Call and Alma Mater segments daily for the first two seasons. (A facial injury suffered during rehearsal kept him off-camera during the filming of Roll Call and Alma Mater for the third season). While on the show Lonnie performed in skits and musical variety numbers, both as a soloist and with others. He was generally acknowledged to be one of the show's three top dancers and his slightly husky singing voice caused other Mouseketeers to nickname him "The Velvet Smog" for at twelve he also resembled "The Velvet Fog", singer Mel Tormé.
Roles as an adult.
After "The Mickey Mouse Club" stopped filming in 1958, Burr finished high school, turning fifteen a few days before getting his diploma, and achieved a B.A. and M.A. in Theatre Arts from UCLA by age twenty. He then completed a year toward a Ph.D. in English Literature. He resumed performing in the 1960s in plays and musicals including Broadway, films, television, commercials and industrial films.
His 25 films include "Sweet Charity (1968)", "The Hospital" (1971), "The Prisoner of Second Avenue" (1975), "Hook" (1991), Lionheart" (1991), "Newsies" (1992), "Mr. Saturday Night" (1992), and "" (1994).
His over 60 TV credits as an adult include guest roles on "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Hill Street Blues", "Hunter", a recurring role on "Falcon Crest", "Murder She Wrote", "Chicago Hope", "L.A. Heat" and "". Burr also has a total of over 100 radio performances.
His 49 stage roles range from "Mack and Mabel" on Broadway, the first National Company with Joel Grey and the Las Vegas production on his own of "George M!", the Los Angeles company of "42nd Street" and "Tamara".
Burr also directed for radio, TV, and theater and choreographed plays, musicals, commercials, industrial films, and live performances—one that he also wrote and appeared in at Disneyland. He has written two books of poetry, the non-fiction book "TWO FOR THE SHOW: Great 20th Century Comedy Teams" (2000), five plays ("Icons Are Not in Vogue", "Occam's Razor", "Over the Hill", "Children Are Strangers" and "Exeunt All"), and the book and lyrics for the musical "Fantasies", which have been staged in Los Angeles and New York City. In February 2009, his autobiography, "Confessions of an Accidental Mouseketeer", was published. His autobiography was re-released - and updated - on February 24, 2014 under a new title, "The Accidental Mouseketeer". 
Burr published articles on various subjects for eighteen national and regional magazines, newspapers such as the "Los Angeles Times", "The Village Voice", "The Washington Times", and "Cincinnati Enquirer", and also for e-zines. He has written for the screen, TV and has had 22 produced radio scripts that aired in the U.S. on a 500-station syndicate for Heartbeat Theatre and American Radio Theater.
Burr also appeared as a contestant on two game shows, "The Big Showdown" (1975) and "Wordplay" (1987). After losing in his second appearance on "WordPlay", the celebrity panelists put on mouse ears and sang the ending theme version of the Mickey Mouse March.

</doc>
<doc id="9779430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779430" title="Mohammad-Reza Golpaygani">
Mohammad-Reza Golpaygani

Mohammad Reza Golpaygani (1898 - December 9, 1993) was an Iranian Shia cleric and marja. He was born in Gogad village, near the city of Golpaygan, Iran. He was taught preliminary studies by his father, Mohammad Bagher. At the age of 9, his father died, and he moved to Golpaygan to continue his studies. At the age of 20, he moved to Arak to study under Abdul-Karim Ha'eri Yazdi. After Haeri Yazdi and Ayatollah Mohammad Taghi Khansari founded the hawza of Qom, he moved there and delivered lectures in the Islamic Seminary. He was one of the highest-ranking Islamic clergy to participate in the Islamic Revolution of 1979, and a one-time serious contender to succeed Ruhollah Khomeini as the Supreme Leader of Iran in 1989. However, his candidacy was voted down by the Assembly of Experts, in favor of the eventual successor and current leader, Ali Khamenei.

</doc>
<doc id="9779440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779440" title="R684 road (Ireland)">
R684 road (Ireland)

The R684 road is a regional road in Ireland. Located in the south of Ireland near Waterford City, it links the junction with the R683 at "Blenheim Cross" to the village of Dunmore East in County Waterford. 
It runs via Callaghane Bridge, Kilmacomb, where it meets the R685, and terminates at Dock Road in Dunmore East. 
In addition to the section of the R683 linking Waterford city to the junction at "Blenheim Cross", the R684 is known as the Dunmore Rd.

</doc>
<doc id="9779445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779445" title="Viewing">
Viewing

Viewing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9779454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779454" title="The Girl Friend">
The Girl Friend

The Girl Friend is a musical comedy with music by Richard Rodgers, lyrics by Lorenz Hart and book by Herbert Fields. This was the longest running show to date for the trio.
Production.
"The Girl Friend" opened on Broadway at the Vanderbilt Theatre on March 17, 1926 and closed on December 27, 1926 after 301 performances. Produced by Lew Fields (Herbert's father), staged by John Harwood with musical staging by Jack Haskell, the cast starred Sammy White, Eva Puck and June Cochrane. White and Puck were married and well-known vaudeville performers of the time.
Plot.
A cyclist trains on a wheel connected to a butter churn on his dairy farm. He is in love with the daughter of a professional cyclist. He is urged to enter a six-day race by questionable cycling promoter. Various gamblers try to cause him to lose, but he wins the race and the girl. 
Critical response.
Reviewers praised the humor, dancing, and the "captivating music." The "New York American" reviewer wrote: "This WAS music, instead of molasses. There was a ditty called 'The Blue Room' which should be sung to exhaustion".

</doc>
<doc id="9779464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779464" title="Hidden Ulster, Protestants and the Irish language">
Hidden Ulster, Protestants and the Irish language

Hidden Ulster, Protestants and the Irish Language is a book by Pádraig Ó Snodaigh published in 1973; revised editions appeared in 1977 and 1995.
The book's thesis was to confirm the cultural—that is, Gaelic—unity between the Irish Catholic natives of Ulster, in northern Ireland, and the Scottish settlers. Ó Snodaigh argued there had been a strong tradition of Gaelic-speaking among the Ulster Protestant planters in the 16th and 17th centuries. Ó Snodaigh hoped a shared linguistic heritage would thus improve relations between Northern Ireland's antagonistic communities during the "Troubles" (1971-1998).
Reception.
The book was strongly criticised by the British and Irish Communist Organisation, which saw it as a SDLP-inspired attack on their Two Nations Theory; Ó Snodaigh replied to their criticisms in subsequent editions. The book was also criticised by the DUP, but praised by "Fortnight Magazine" and some members of both the Orange Order and the UVF.

</doc>
<doc id="9779466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779466" title="Bailey Tzuke">
Bailey Tzuke

Bailey Tzuke (born Bailey Jean Muggleton-Tzuke on 28 June 1987) is a British singer/songwriter. She is the daughter of the singer/songwriter Judie Tzuke and record producer Paul Muggleton.
Tzuke has toured with and performed backing vocals for her mother for many years. In October 2007, her vocals were featured on the Freemasons track "Uninvited" (a reworking of the 1998 Alanis Morissette hit) which made number 8 in the UK charts and number 4 in the Netherlands.
More recently, Tzuke has since contributed vocals to Rollo Armstrong's new project "All Thieves". She has also been working on her own material, having signed up to the digital distribution company AWAL (Artists Without A Label). She released her debut EP, "Strong", in May 2010, followed by another EP, "Laid Bare", in October 2010. A live recording, "Alive", was released in 2011 via Judie Tzuke's official website.

</doc>
<doc id="9779477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779477" title="Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy">
Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy

The dismissal of U.S. Attorneys controversy was initiated by the unprecedented midterm dismissal of seven United States Attorneys on December 7, 2006, by the George W. Bush administration's Department of Justice. Congressional investigations focused on whether the Department of Justice and the White House were using the U.S. Attorney positions for political advantage. Allegations were that some of the attorneys were targeted for dismissal to impede investigations of Republican politicians or that some were targeted for their failure to initiate investigations that would damage Democratic politicians or hamper Democratic-leaning voters.
The U.S. attorneys were replaced with interim appointees, under provisions in the 2005 USA PATRIOT Act reauthorization.
The dismissed U.S. Attorneys had all been appointed by President George W. Bush and confirmed by the Senate, more than four years earlier.
Two other attorneys were dismissed in controversial circumstances in 2005–2006. Twenty-six or more U.S. Attorneys had been under consideration for dismissal during this time period.
The firings received attention via hearings in Congress in January 2007, and by March 2007 the controversy had national visibility. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales stated that the U.S. Attorneys "serve at the pleasure of the president" and described the affair as "an overblown personnel matter".
By mid-September 2007, nine of the highest-level officers of the Department of Justice associated with the controversy had resigned,
most prominently, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
A subsequent report by the Justice Department Inspector General in October 2008 found that the process used to fire the first seven attorneys and two others dismissed around the same time was "arbitrary", "fundamentally flawed", and "raised doubts about the integrity of Department prosecution decisions". In July 2010, the Department of Justice prosecutors closed the two-year investigation without filing charges after determining that the firing was inappropriately political, but not criminal, saying "Evidence did not demonstrate that any prosecutable criminal offense was committed with regard to the removal of David Iglesias. The investigative team also determined that the evidence did not warrant expanding the scope of the investigation beyond the removal of Iglesias."
Issues in brief.
The U.S. Attorneys controversy touches upon a wide range of issues. The U.S. Attorneys, in their pursuit of justice, wield enormous power. Their political impartiality in deciding which cases to prosecute and in arguing those cases before judges and juries with diverse views is essential. The scandal pitted Congress against the Bush White House, generating a series of constitutional issues. As the controversy unfolded, it led to other controversies, notably the politicization of hiring at the U.S. Department of Justice, the Bush White House e-mail controversy, and the alleged politically motivated prosecutions by U.S. Attorneys in several states.
The following sections briefly summarize aspects of the controversy. More thorough analyses are further below, or in the related articles.
Changed interim appointment law in 2006.
As the controversy emerged, U.S. Senators were concerned about a little-noticed provision in the re-authorization of the USA PATRIOT Act in 2006 that eliminated the 120-day term limit on interim appointments of U.S. Attorneys made by the United States Attorney General to fill vacancies. The law permitted the Attorney General to appoint interim U.S. Attorneys without a term limit in office, and avoid a confirming vote by the Senate. The change gave the Attorney General greater appointment powers than the President, since the President's U.S. Attorney appointees are required to be confirmed by the Senate; the law undermined the confirmation authority of the Senate.
The U.S. Senate was concerned that, in dismissing the U.S. Attorneys, the administration planned to fill the vacancies with its own choices, thus bypassing Senate confirmation and the traditional consultation with Senators in the selection process. Congress rescinded the provision by very large majorities in March and May 2007, and it was quietly signed into law without ceremony by President George W. Bush on June 14, 2007.
Administration rationale unclear.
The reasons for the dismissal of each individual U.S. Attorney were unclear. Two suggested motivations were that the administration wanted to make room for U.S. Attorneys who would be more sympathetic to the administration's political agenda, and the administration wanted to advance the careers of promising conservatives.
Critics said that the attorneys were fired for failing to prosecute Democratic politicians, for failing to prosecute claims of election fraud that would hamper Democratic voter registration, as retribution for prosecuting Republican politicians, or for failing to pursue adult obscenity prosecutions.
The administration and its supporters said that the attorneys were dismissed for job-performance reasons "related to policy, priorities and management", and that U.S. Attorneys serve at the pleasure of the President. However, at least six attorneys had recently received positive evaluations of their performance from the Department of Justice. In September 2008, the Department of Justice Inspector General's investigation concluded that the dismissals were politically motivated and improper.
Administration testimony contradicted by documents.
Members of Congress investigating the dismissals found that sworn testimony from Department of Justice officials appeared to be contradicted by internal Department memoranda and e-mail, and that possibly Congress was deliberately misled. The White House role in the dismissals remained unclear despite hours of testimony by Attorney General Gonzales and senior Department of Justice staff in congressional committee hearings.
The Bush administration issued changing and contradictory statements about the timeline of the planning of the firings, persons who ordered the firings, and reasons for the firings.
The origin and evolution of the list of attorneys to be dismissed remained unclear.
In response the Inspector General's report in September 2008, Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to determine if administration officials had perjured themselves in testimony to Congress.
Politicization of hiring at the Department of Justice.
Attorney General Gonzales, in a confidential order dated March 1, 2006, not published in the "Federal Register," formally delegated authority to senior DOJ staff Monica Goodling and Kyle Sampson to hire and dismiss political appointees and some civil service positions.
On May 2, 2007, the Department of Justice announced two separate investigations into hirings conducted by Goodling: one by the department's Inspector General, and a second by the Office of Professional Responsibility.
In testimony before the House Judiciary Committee, on May 23, 2007, Goodling stated that she had "crossed the line" and broken civil service laws regulating hiring for civil service positions, and had improperly weighed political factors in assessing applicants.
According to a January 2009 Justice Department report, investigators found that Bradley Schlozman, as interim head of the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice, "favored applicants with conservative political or ideological affiliations and disfavored applicants with civil rights or human rights experience whom he considered to be overly liberal". The positions under consideration were not political, but career, for which the political and ideological views of candidates are not to be considered, according to federal law and guidelines.
In a letter of May 30, 2007, to the Senate Judiciary Committee, the United States Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General and Counsel for the Office of Professional Responsibility confirmed that they were expanding their investigation beyond "the removals of United States Attorneys" to include "DOJ hiring and personnel decisions" by Monica Goodling and other Justice Department employees.
Dismissed attorneys and elections.
The controversy surrounding the U.S. Attorneys dismissals was often linked to elections or voter-fraud issues. Allegations were that some of the U.S. Attorneys were dismissed for failing to instigate investigations damaging to Democratic politicians, or for failing to more aggressively pursue voter-fraud cases. Such allegations were made by some of the dismissed U.S. Attorneys themselves to suggest reasons they may have been dismissed.
The background to the allegations is the recent tendency for elections in parts of the United States to be very close; an election outcome can be affected by an announced investigation of a politician. It is explicit policy of the Department of Justice to avoid bringing voter-related cases during an election for this reason. By 2006, the pursuit of voter fraud cases was an acknowledged political strategy of the Republican Party, although most had little substance.
The use of U.S. Attorneys for partisan purposes is highly improper, particularly given the strong non-partisan traditions of the U.S. Attorneys. In September 2008, the Inspector General for the Department of Justice concluded that some of the dismissals were motivated by the refusal of some of the U.S. Attorneys to prosecute voter fraud cases during the 2006 election cycle.
Fallout.
By April 2007, the apparent politicization of the Department of Justice, the influence of politics on the appointment of some of the U.S. Attorneys, and the alleged politically motivated prosecutions by some of the U.S. Attorneys began to affect cases of public corruption and voter fraud nationwide. According to the "National Law Journal," 
"Just the appearance of political influence in cases related to those firings, combined with the recent, unusual reversal of a federal public corruption conviction in Wisconsin [c.f., Georgia Thompson], some say, will spur aggressive defense lawyers to question the political motivation of prosecutors in certain cases; make magistrates and judges more skeptical of the evidence before them; and perhaps even chill line prosecutors in their pursuit of some indictments."
By mid-September 2007, nine senior staff of the Department of Justice associated with the controversy had resigned.
The most prominent resignations include:
In June 2008, a grand jury was empaneled to consider criminal indictments against officials involved in the firings. The grand jury was presented evidence from ongoing investigations at the Department of Justice Inspector General's office and at the DOJ's Office of Professional Responsibility.
Replacement of the U.S. Attorneys.
Initial planning.
On January 6, 2005, Colin Newman, an assistant in the White House counsels office, wrote to David Leitch stating, "Karl Rove stopped by to ask you (roughly quoting) 'how we planned to proceed regarding U.S. Attorneys, whether we were going to allow all to stay, request resignations from all and accept only some of them or selectively replace them, etc.'". The email was then forwarded to Kyle Sampson, chief of staff to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
In reply, Kyle Sampson, then Department of Justice counsel to Attorney General John Ashcroft, wrote that it would be "weird to ask them to leave before completing at least a 4-year term", that they "would like to replace 15–20 percent of the current U.S. Attorneys" and that the rest "are doing a great job, are loyal Bushies, etc."
The White House at one time suggested that the plan for dismissals came from White House counsel Harriet Miers, who left the White House in January 2007 before the dismissal received public attention.
Kyle Sampson.
In February 2005, Sampson became Deputy Chief of Staff and Counselor to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
In March 2005, Sampson 
"came up with a checklist. He rated each of the U.S. Attorneys with criteria that appeared to value political allegiance as much as job performance. He recommended retaining 'strong U.S. Attorneys who have... exhibited loyalty to the President and Attorney General.' He suggested 'removing weak U.S. Attorneys who have... chafed against Administration initiatives'".
In September 2005, Sampson became Gonzales's Chief of Staff at the Department of Justice.
Sampson wrote in January 2006 to Miers that he recommended that the Department of Justice and the Office of the Counsel to the President work together to seek the replacement of a limited number of U.S. Attorneys, and that by limiting the number of attorneys "targeted for removal and replacement" it would "mitigat the shock to the system that would result from an across-the-board firing".
On February 12, 2006, Monica Goodling sent a spreadsheet of each U.S. Attorney's political activities and memberships in conservative political groups, in an email to senior Administration officials, with the comment "This is the chart that the AG requested".
Sampson strongly urged using changes to the law governing U.S. Attorney appointments to bypass Congressional confirmation, writing in a September 17, 2006 memo to Harriet Miers: 
"I am only in favor of executing on a plan to push some USAs out if we really are ready and willing to put in the time necessary to select candidates and get them appointed...It will be counterproductive to DOJ operations if we push USAs out and then don't have replacements ready to roll immediately...I strongly recommend that as a matter of administration, we utilize the new statutory provisions that authorize the AG to make USA appointments...avoiding Senate confirmation we can give far less deference to home state senators and thereby get 1.) our preferred person appointed and 2.) do it far faster and more efficiently at less political costs to the White House."
Implementing the plan.
In October 2006, George W. Bush told Alberto Gonzales that he had received complaints that some of the U.S. Attorneys had not pursued certain voter-fraud investigations.
The complaints came from Republican officials, who demanded fraud investigations into a number of Democratic campaigns. The 2006 United States general election was imminent (November) and Republicans were concerned about losing Congressional seats to Democrats. (The Democrats did take control of the Congress.)
"The documents show that in one case, officials were eager to free up the prosecutor's slot in Little Rock, Ark., so it could be filled by Timothy Griffin, a GOP operative close to White House political guru Karl Rove — at all costs". According to "Newsweek", "Kyle Sampson, Gonzales's chief of staff, developed the list of eight prosecutors to be fired last October—with input from the White House".
On November 21, 2006, Sampson sent an e-mail to an assistant in the Attorney General's office, scheduling a meeting in Gonzales' conference room with senior Justice Department advisers to discuss "U.S. Attorney Appointments". Those asked to be scheduled in the meeting included Gonzales, Sampson, Monica Goodling, Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty, Associated Deputy A.G. William Moschella, Michael Elston, and Michael Battle. On November 27, 2006, Gonzales met with senior advisers to discuss the plan.
The Justice Department did not receive White House approval for the firings until early December. As late as December 2, Sampson had written to Michael Elston that the Justice department was "waiting for green light from White House" with regards to the firing. Deputy White House counsel William K. Kelley responded on December 4, 2006, saying, "We're a go for the U.S. Atty plan... [the White House office of legislative affairs, political, communications have signed off and acknowledged that we have to be committed to following through once the pressure comes."
On December 7, 2006, Justice Department official Michael A. Battle informed seven U.S. Attorneys that they were being dismissed.
Although seven attorneys were dismissed on December 7, 2006, subsequent disclosures show that three or more additional attorneys were dismissed under similar circumstances between 2005 and 2006. U.S. Attorney Bud Cummins in Arkansas had been informed in June 2006 that he was to be replaced, and he resigned, effective December 20, 2006, several days after the public announcement of the appointment of his successor Timothy Griffin.
David Iglesias (R) believes he was removed from office at the behest of two NM Republican congressmen when he refused to prosecute state Democratic senators before the November 2006 election.
Kevin Ryan (R) Though described as "loyal to the Bush administration," he was allegedly fired for the possible controversy that negative job performance evaluations might cause if they were released.
John McKay (R) Was given a positive job evaluation 7 months before he was fired. After a close WA governor's race resulted in a Democratic victory, local Republicans criticized McKay for not investigating allegations of voter fraud.
Paul K. Charlton (R) Was given a positive job performance evaluation before he was dismissed. He may have been fired because he had started a corruption investigation about Rick Renzi (R) AR.
Carol Lam (R) No reason was given or suggested for her dismissal.
Daniel Bogden (R) was dismissed after 17 years because of a vague sense that a "stronger leader" was needed. His loyalty to President Bush was questioned by Kyle Sampson
Margaret Chiara(R) Was given a positive job evaluation in 2005, and told she was being removed to "make way" for another individual.
Todd Graves (R) had been pressed to bring a civil suit against Missouri Secretary of State Robin Carnahan, (D) for allegedly failing to crack down on voting fraud.
Bud Cummins allegedly was asked to leave so Timothy Griffin, an aide to Karl Rove, could have his job.
Thomas M. DiBiagio (R) believes he was asked to step down due to his corruption investigations into the administration of Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. (R).
Reactions and congressional investigation.
January 2007: Initial reaction.
The initial reaction was from the senators of the affected states. The U.S. Senate convened for the 110th Congress on January 4 with its new Democratic majority. The Senate Judiciary Committee has oversight over the U.S. Attorneys. In a letter to Gonzales on January 9, 2007, Senators Feinstein (D, California) and Leahy (D, Vermont; Chair of the Committee) of the Senate Judiciary Committee expressed concern that the confirmation process for U.S. attorneys would be bypassed, and on January 11, they, together with Senator Pryor (D, Arkansas), introduced legislation "to prevent circumvention of the Senate's constitutional prerogative to confirm U.S. Attorneys", called Preserving United States Attorney Independence Act of 2007, and . Feinstein issued a press release about the bill.
The initial concern was about the USA PATRIOT Act and the confirmation process, rather than the politicization of the U.S. Attorneys that later dominated the controversy.
The earliest reporting of this affair was by Josh Marshall and his associates on Marshall's TalkingPointsMemo blog.
Gonzales testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee on January 18. He assured the committee that he did not intend to bypass the confirmation process and denied the firings were politically motivated.
On January 18, 2007, in an opinion piece for the "Las Vegas Review-Journal", Jane Ann Morrison reported that "A GOP source indicated that the decision to remove U.S. attorneys, primarily in the West, was part of a plan to 'give somebody else that experience' to build up the back bench of Republicans by giving them high-profile jobs."
Marisa Taylor, writing for McClatchy Newspapers, noted that, "The newly appointed U.S. attorneys all have impressive legal credentials, but most of them have few, if any, ties to the communities they've been appointed to serve, and some have had little experience as prosecutors. The nine recent appointees identified replacements held high-level White House or Justice Department jobs, and most of them were handpicked by Gonzales..." "Being named a U.S. attorney 'has become a prize for doing the bidding of the White House or administration,' said Laurie Levenson, a former federal prosecutor who is a professor at the Loyola Law School in Los Angeles."
February 2007: The controversy grows.
The concerns expressed by Senators Feinstein and Pryor were followed up by hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee called by Senator Schumer (D, New York) in February. Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee on February 6. He underscored that the seven were fired for job performance issues, and not political considerations.
In subsequent closed-door testimony on April 27, 2007 to the committee, McNulty said that days after the February hearing, he learned that White House officials had not revealed to him White House influence and discussions on creating the list. McNulty in February called Senator Schumer by telephone to apologize for the inaccurate characterization of the firings.
At least six of the seven had recently received outstanding job performance ratings. McNulty testified that Bud Cummins, the U.S. Attorney for Arkansas, was removed to install a former aide to Karl Rove and Republican National Committee opposition research director, the 37-year-old Timothy Griffin.
Cummins, apparently, "was ousted after Harriet E. Miers, the former White House counsel, intervened on behalf of Griffin".
McNulty's testimony that the attorneys were fired for "performance related issues" caused the attorneys to come forward in protest. There is some evidence that the administration was concerned about the attorneys' going public with complaints prior to this time.
"Salon.com" reported: "t least three of the eight fired attorneys were told by a superior they were being forced to resign to make jobs available for other Bush appointees, according to a former senior Justice Department official knowledgeable about their cases."
The proceedings were politically charged. At one point Senator Schumer was criticized by Senator Specter (R, Pennsylvania), also on the Judiciary Committee, for having a conflict of interest by being a lead investigator of the affair while also chairing the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee; such criticism was short-lived.
March 2007: Transition to scandal.
Battle resignation.
On March 5, 2007 effective March 16, Michael A. Battle resigned his position of Director of the Executive Office for United States Attorneys (EOUSA). On March 6, 2007, Gonzales responded to the controversy in an op-ed in "USA Today" in which he wrote: 
"To be clear, firing was for reasons related to policy, priorities and management — what have been referred to broadly as "performance-related" reasons — that seven U.S. attorneys were asked to resign last December... We have never asked a U.S. attorney to resign in an effort to retaliate against him or her or to inappropriately interfere with a public corruption case (or any other type of case, for that matter). Like me, U.S. attorneys are political appointees, and we all serve at the pleasure of the president. If U.S. attorneys are not executing their responsibilities in a manner that furthers the management and policy goals of departmental leadership, it is appropriate that they be replaced...While I am grateful for the public service of these seven U.S. attorneys, they simply lost my confidence. I hope that this episode ultimately will be recognized for what it is: an overblown personnel matter."
Sampson resignation.
On March 12, 2007, Sampson resigned from the Department of Justice.
On March 13, Gonzales stated in a news conference that he accepted responsibility for mistakes made in the dismissal and rejected calls for his resignation that Democratic members of Congress had been making. He also stood by his decision to dismiss the attorneys, saying "I stand by the decision and I think it was the right decision".
Gonzales admitted that "incomplete information was communicated or may have been communicated to Congress" by Justice Department officials, and said that "I never saw documents. We never had a discussion about where things stood."
Gonzales lost more support when records subsequently challenged some of these statements. Although the Department of Justice released 3,000 pages of its internal communications related to this issue, none of those documents discussed anything related to a performance review process for these attorneys before they were fired.
Records released on March 23 showed that on his November 27 schedule "he attended an hour-long meeting at which, aides said, he approved a detailed plan for executing the purge".
Executive Privilege claims.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy stated that Congress has the authority to subpoena Justice Department and White House officials including chief political advisor to the president Karl Rove and former White House counsel Harriet Miers. On March 20, President Bush declared in a press conference that his aides would not testify under oath on the matter if subpoenaed by Congress. Bush explained his position saying,
"The President relies upon his staff to provide him candid advice. The framers of the Constitution understood this vital role when developing the separate branches of government. And if the staff of a President operated in constant fear of being hauled before various committees to discuss internal deliberations, the President would not receive candid advice, and the American people would be ill-served... I will oppose any attempts to subpoena White House officials... My choice is to make sure that I safeguard the ability for Presidents to get good decisions."
Despite the President's position against aides testifying, on March 21 the House Judiciary Committee authorized the subpoena of five Justice Department officials, and on March 22, the Senate Judiciary Committee authorized subpoenas as well.
Goodling resignation.
Sampson's replacement as the Attorney General's temporary chief of staff was U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, Chuck Rosenberg. Rosenberg initiated a DOJ inquiry into possibly inappropriate political considerations in Monica Goodling's hiring practices for civil service staff. Civil service positions are not political appointments and must be made on a nonpartisan basis. In one example, Jeffrey A. Taylor, former interim U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, tried to hire a new career prosecutor, Seth Adam Meinero, in the fall of 2006. Goodling judged Meinero too "liberal" and declined to approve the hire. Meinero, a Howard University law school graduate who had worked on civil rights cases at the Environmental Protection Agency, was serving as a special assistant prosecutor in Taylor's office. Taylor went around Goodling, and demanded Sampson's approval to make the hire. In another example, Goodling removed an attorney from her job at the Department of Justice because she was rumored to be a lesbian, and, further, blocked the attorney from getting other Justice Department jobs she was qualified for.
Rules concerning hiring at the Justice department forbid discrimination based on sexual orientation.
On March 26, 2007, Goodling, who had helped coordinate the dismissal of the attorneys with the White House,
took leave from her job as counsel to the attorney general and as the Justice Department's liaison to the White House.
Goodling was set to testify before Congress, but on March 26, 2007, Goodling cancelled her appearance at the Congressional hearing, citing her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
On April 6, 2007, Ms. Goodling resigned from the Department of Justice,
stating in her three-sentence resignation letter to Mr. Gonzales, "May God bless you richly as you continue your service to America."
On April 25, 2007, the House Judiciary Committee passed a resolution,
by a 32–6 vote, authorizing lawyers for the House to apply for a court order granting Goodling immunity in exchange for her testimony and authorizing a subpoena for her.
On May 11, 2007, U.S. District Court Chief Judge Thomas Hogan signed an order granting Goodling immunity in exchange for her truthful testimony in the U.S. Attorney firings investigation, stating that "Goodling may not refuse to testify, and may not refuse to provide other information, when compelled to do so" before the Committee.
Congressional hearings.
The United States Congress's House Committee on the Judiciary and the Senate Committee on the Judiciary have oversight authority over Department of Justice (DOJ). In 2007 the two committees conducted a number of public and closed-door oversight and investigative hearings on the topic of the dismissal of U.S. attorneys, and DOJ's interactions with the White House and with staff members of the Executive Office of the President. A routine oversight hearing on January 18, 2007, by the Senate committee with Attorney General Alberto Gonzales was the first public congressional occasion that Gonzales responded to questions about the dismissed attorneys.
Through the winter and spring, a number of key players in the controversy, past and continuing DOJ officials, dismissed U.S. Attorneys, and others appeared in a total of more than eleven public committee hearings. Some individuals appeared at the invitation of the committees, and some appeared only under the compulsion of committee-issued subpoena. One former DOJ official, Monica Goodling, testified in May 2007 only after the grant of a limited "use" immunity, after reserving the right to not incriminate herself. The two committees made public through their web sites thousands of pages of documents and correspondence that had been subpoenaed from the Department of Justice, individuals, and other organizations.
Testimony of Sara Taylor: Claims of executive privilege.
On July 11, 2007, Sara Taylor, former top aide to Karl Rove, testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee. She was granted the unusual allowance of having her attorney, W. Neil Eggleston, next to her at the witness table to advise her on which questions she could answer and remain in accord with Bush's claim of executive privilege.
Throughout Taylor's testimony, she refused to answer many questions, saying "I have a very clear letter from House counsel Mr. Fielding. That letter says and has asked me to follow the president's assertion of executive privilege." Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-VT) dismissed the claims and warned Taylor she was "in danger of drawing a criminal contempt of Congress citation". Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) took issue with the claim as well, telling Taylor 
"You seem to be selective in the use of the presidential privilege. It seems like you're saying that, 'Yes, I'm giving you all the information I can,' when it's self-serving to the White House, but not allowing us to have the information to make independent judgment."
Leahy added "I do note your answer that you did not discuss these matters with the president and, to the best of your knowledge, he was not involved is going to make some nervous at the White House because it seriously undercuts his claim of executive privilege if he was not involved." He also said "It's apparent that this White House is contemptuous of the Congress and feels it does not have to explain itself to anyone, not to the people's representatives in Congress nor to the American people."
In summary, Taylor told the Senate that she 
"did not talk to or meet with President Bush about removing federal prosecutors before eight of them were fired", she had no knowledge on whether Bush was involved in any way in the firings, her resignation had nothing to do with the controversy, "she did not recall ordering the addition or deletion of names to the list of prosecutors to be fired", and she refuted the testimony of Kyle Sampson, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales' chief of staff, that she sought "to avoid submitting a new prosecutor, Tim Griffin, through Senate confirmation."
Contempt of Congress charges.
On July 11, 2007, as Sara Taylor testified, George Manning, the attorney to former White House Counsel Harriet Miers, announced that Miers intended to follow the request of the Bush Administration and not appear before the Committee the following day. Manning stated Miers "cannot provide the documents and testimony that the committee seeks."
In response to the announcement, Committee Chairman John Conyers (D-MI) and Rep. Linda Sánchez (D-CA) Chair of the Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law, released a letter saying the decision "could subject Ms. Miers to contempt proceedings." Conyers wrote 
"I am extremely disappointed in the White House's direction to Ms. Miers that she not even show up to assert the privilege before the Committee. We understand that the White House has asserted privilege over both her testimony and documents, and we are prepared to consider those claims at tomorrow's hearing." 
Sánchez wrote 
"It is disappointing that Ms. Miers has chosen to forego this opportunity to give her account of the potential politicization of the justice system.", Sánchez added "Our investigation has shown - through extensive interviews and review of documents - that Ms. Miers played a central role in the Bush Administration's decision to fire chief federal prosecutors. I am hopeful that Ms. Miers will reconsider the White House's questionable assertion of executive privilege and give her testimony on the firing of U.S. Attorneys."
On July 17, 2007 Sanchez and Conyers notified White House Counsel Fred Fielding that they were considering the executive privilege claims concerning a "subpoena issued on June 13 to Joshua Bolten, White House Chief of Staff, to produce documents." They warned, "If those objections are overruled, you should be aware that the refusal to produce the documents called for in the subpoena could subject Mr. Bolten to contempt proceedings". The panel ruled the claims of privilege as invalid on a party-line vote of 7–3.
The White House has consistently refused to provide the sought-after documents but has "offered to permit former and current aides to talk with lawmakers behind closed doors—but without a transcript and not under oath." This offer has been rejected by the Democratic Leadership in the House as unacceptable.
On July 25, 2007 the United States House Committee on the Judiciary voted along party lines 22-17 to issue citations of Contempt of Congress to White House Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers. Committee Republicans voted against the measure, calling it "a partisan waste of time", while Democrats said "this is the moment for Congress to rein in the administration."
White House Press Secretary Tony Snow said of the action, 
"For our view, this is pathetic. What you have right now is partisanship on Capitol Hill that quite often boils down to insults, insinuations, inquisitions and investigations rather than pursuing the normal business of trying to pass major pieces of legislation...now we have a situation where there is an attempt to do something that's never been done in American history, which is to assail the concept of executive privilege, which hails back to the administration of George Washington".
Committee Chairman John Conyers said 
"Unlike other disputes involving executive privilege, the president has never personally asserted privilege. The committee has never been given a privilege log, and there is no indication the president was ever personally involved in the termination decisions." Having passed the Committee, the motion went to the full House, where it was unlikely to receive a vote until after Congress's August recess. If the measure passes the full House, the case would be given to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia. "The administration has said it will direct federal prosecutors not to prosecute contempt charges."
On February 14, 2008, the United States House of Representatives voted 223–32 along party lines to pass the contempt resolutions against White House Chief of Staff Bolten and former White House Counsel Miers. Most Republicans staged a walkout during the vote.
Subpoenas and lost emails.
On April 10, 2007, the House Judiciary Committee issued a subpoena for documents from Gonzales that included the full text of all documents that had been partially or completely redacted in the DOJ's previous release of documents.
In a letter accompanying the subpoena, Rep. John Conyers (D), the chair of the committee, wrote "We have been patient in allowing the department to work through its concerns regarding the sensitive nature of some of these materials... Unfortunately, the department has not indicated any meaningful willingness to find a way to meet our legitimate needs...At this point further delay in receiving these materials will not serve any constructive purpose."
The Justice Department spokesman, Brian Roehrkasse, responded to the subpoena stating that the administration would like "to reach an accommodation with the Congress" but that it might not be possible. "Much of the information that the Congress seeks pertains to individuals other than the U.S. attorneys who resigned... Furthermore, many of the documents Congress is now seeking have already been available to them for review. Because there are individual privacy interests implicated by publicly releasing this information, it is unfortunate the Congress would choose this option."
Later that day a White House spokesman stated that some of the emails that had involved official correspondence relating to the firing of attorneys may have been lost because they were conducted on Republican party accounts and not stored properly. "Some official e-mails have potentially been lost and that is a mistake the White House is aggressively working to correct." said Scott Stanzel, a White House spokesman. Stonzel said that they could not rule out the possibility that some of the lost emails dealt with the firing of U.S. attorneys. For example, J. Scott Jennings, an aide to Karl Rove communicated with Justice Department officials "concerning the appointment of Tim Griffin, a former Rove aide, as U.S. attorney in Little Rock, according to e-mails released in March, 2007. For that exchange, Jennings, although working at the White House, used an e-mail account registered to the Republican National Committee, where Griffin had worked as a political opposition researcher."
CNN reported a larger question concerning the lost e-mails: "Whether White House officials such as political adviser Karl Rove are intentionally conducting sensitive official presidential business via non-governmental accounts to evade a law requiring preservation—and eventual disclosure—of presidential records."
On May 2, 2007, the Senate Judiciary Committee issued a subpoena to Attorney General Gonzales compelling the Department of Justice to produce all email from Karl Rove regarding evaluation and dismissal of attorneys that was sent to DOJ staffers, no matter what email account Rove may have used, whether White House, National Republican party, or other accounts, with a deadline of May 15, 2007, for compliance. The subpoena also demanded relevant email previously produced in the Valarie Plame controversy and investigation for the CIA leak scandal (2003).
In August 2007, Karl Rove resigned without responding to the Senate Judiciary Committee subpoena claiming, "I just think it's time to leave." President Bush bid a fond farewell to his good friend and promised to follow him soon.
March–August 2007: Gonzales resignation.
A number of members of both houses of Congress publicly said Gonzales should resign, or be fired by Bush. On March 14, 2007, Senator John E. Sununu (R, New Hampshire) became the first Republican lawmaker to call for Gonzales' resignation. Sununu cited not only the controversial firings but growing concern over the use of the USA PATRIOT Act and misuse of national security letters by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Calls for his ousting intensified after his testimony on April 19, 2007. By May 16, at least twenty-two Senators and seven Members of the House of Representatives — including Senators Hillary Clinton (D, New York) and Mark Pryor (D, Arkansas)— had called for Gonzales' resignation.
On May 24, 2007, Senators Charles Schumer (D-NY), Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), and Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) of the Senate Judiciary Committee announced the Democrats' proposed no-confidence resolution to vote on whether "Attorney General Alberto Gonzales no longer holds the confidence of the Senate and the American People." The resolution would have had no legal effect, but was designed to persuade Gonzales to depart or President Bush to seek a new attorney general. A similar resolution was introduced in the House by Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA). On June 11, 2007, the resolution failed when a Senate vote failed to obtain the 60 votes required for cloture. The vote was 53 for, 38 against with 7 not voting, 1 voting "present", and one vacant senate seat.
University of Missouri law professor Frank Bowman observed that Congress has the power to impeach Gonzales if he willfully lied or withheld information from Congress during his testimony about the dismissal of U.S. Attorneys.
On July 30, 2007, Rep. Jay Inslee (D-WA) announced that he would introduce a bill that would require the House Judiciary Committee to begin an impeachment investigation against Gonzales.
Gonzales submitted his resignation as Attorney General effective September 17, 2007, by a letter addressed to President Bush on August 26, 2007. In a statement on August 27, Gonzales thanked the President for the opportunity to be of service to his country, giving no indication of either the reasons for his resignation or his future plans. Later that day, President Bush praised Gonzales for his service, reciting the numerous positions in Texas government, and later, the government of the United States, to which Bush had appointed Gonzales. Bush attributed the resignation to Gonzales' name having been "dragged through the mud" for "political reasons". Senators Schumer (D-NY), Feinstein (D-CA) and Specter (R-PA) replied that the resignation was entirely attributable to the excessive politicization of the Attorney General's office by Gonzales, whose credibility with Congress, they asserted, was nonexistent.
On September 17, 2007, President Bush announced the nomination of ex-Judge Michael Mukasey to serve as Gonzales' successor.
Status of interim U.S. Attorneys, through June 2007.
Gonzales affirmed in his January 18, 2007 testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee: 
Bills to rescind the controversial USA PATRIOT Act provision were approved by very large majorities in the Senate and the House prior to the end of March, 2007. Ultimately S.214 was signed into law by the President on June 14, 2007, designated Public Law No: 110-34.
The new law specified that all interim attorneys then in office shall serve terms ending 120 days from the signing of the bill.
In May 2007 there were 22 U.S. attorney positions out of 93 that were not held by a presidentially nominated occupant: either "acting" (filled by civil service First Assistant U.S. Attorneys), or "interim" (nearly all appointed by the Attorney General). Only four nominees have been submitted by the administration for the 22 positions, though White House spokesperson Tony Fratto was reported saying that the administration is committed to nominating candidates for all 22 positions. Fratto said the number of new nominees "has nothing to do with recent events. The closer you get toward the end of the second term, you're going to have fewer people."
David Iglesias, the dismissed New Mexico U.S. attorney, said that the administration is in denial if it doesn't believe there are concerns about low office morale, the ability to remain independent or even the odds of being confirmed by a suspicious Senate controlled by the Democrats.
Timothy Griffin, the interim attorney for Eastern Arkansas, announced in February 2007 that he would not seek a presidential nomination. In early February, Deputy Attorney General McNulty had testified that a vacancy was specifically created for Griffin by dismissing Bud Cummins.
Griffin said that he did not believe he would get a "fair consideration" from the Senate.
Interim U.S. Attorneys appointed under the provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act Re-authorization were not term limited. Timothy Griffin's continuing term was challenged in court, but Judge G. Thomas Eisele rejected the challenge, finding that Griffin held the position under the USA PATRIOT Act provision that allowed unlimited-term appointments.
Under the previous law, Griffin's term would have been limited to 120 days, which would have expired in mid-April 2007. Legislation restoring the term limits to interim U.S. Attorneys (S214) also limits the terms of those interim U.S. Attorneys appointed under the Patriot Act Reauthorization to 120 days from the time of enactment of the legislation, which was June 14, 2007.
Inspector General Report and Special Prosecutor.
On September 29, 2008 the Justice Department's Inspector General (IG) released a report on the matter that found most of the firings were politically motivated and improper. The next day Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor Nora Dannehy to decide whether criminal charges should be brought against Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings. The IG's report contained "substantial evidence" that party politics drove a number of the firings, and IG Glenn Fine said in a statement that Gonzales had "abdicated his responsibility to safeguard the integrity and independence of the department."
The report itself stopped short of resolving questions about higher White House involvement in the matter, because of what it said were the refusal to cooperate of a number of key players, among them Karl Rove, Senator Pete Domenici and Harriet Miers and because the White House refused to hand over its documents related to the firings.
On July 21, 2010, Nora Dannehy, the special prosecutor tasked with investigating the attorney dismissals, concluded that "there was insufficient evidence to establish that persons knowingly made material false statements to Office of Inspector General or Congress or corruptly endeavored to obstruct justice" and that no criminal charges would be filed against Sampson or Gonzales. This decision has been criticized as an indication that the Department of Justice was being too lenient with Bush-era officials.
Appointment of U.S. Attorneys and the 2005 Patriot Act reauthorization.
The appointment process for U.S. Attorneys.
The President of the United States has the authority to appoint U.S. Attorneys, with the consent of the United States Senate, and the President may remove U.S. Attorneys from office.
In the event of a vacancy, the United States Attorney General is authorized to appoint an interim U.S. Attorney. Before March 9, 2006, such interim appointments expired after 120 days, if a Presidential appointment had not been approved by the Senate. Vacancies that persisted beyond 120 days were filled through interim appointments made by the Federal District Court for the district of the vacant office.
Senate-confirmed appointments to the Department of Justice (DOJ) offices, particularly U.S. Attorneys, are political in nature. Appointments to U.S. Attorney positions are often made in consultation with individual senators representing the state with the vacant position, typically with some emphasis in consulting Senators of the same party as the President.
Revised interim appointment process in March 2006.
The USA PATRIOT Act Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005, signed into law March 9, 2006, amended the law for the interim appointment of U.S. Attorneys by deleting two provisions: (a) the 120-day maximum term for the Attorney General's interim appointees, and (b) the subsequent interim appointment authority of Federal District Courts. (See Law references for the text to the statute (), and its amendments.) With the revision, an interim appointee can potentially serve indefinitely (though still removable by the President), if the President declines to nominate a U.S. Attorney for a vacancy, or the Senate either fails to act on a Presidential nomination, or rejects a nominee that is different than the interim appointee.
The change was written into the bill by a Judiciary committee staff member of Republican Senator Arlen Specter when the bill was modified in joint conference committee, reconciling the Senate and House versions of the bill.
During Senate hearings on February 6, 2007, Senator Specter stated that Brett Tolman, a committee staffer, had inserted the clause at the request of behalf of the Department of Justice.
Specter stated that the change in the law had been partly to address separation of powers concerns expressed by a number of court districts, the issue being the interim appointments of U.S. Attorneys (executive branch) by the courts (judicial branch).
The courts had appointed interim U.S. Attorneys for over a hundred years by then.
The Department of Justice had been seeking a way to appoint interim U.S. Attorneys without Senate approval prior to 2005.
On March 20, 2007, the Senate voted 94-2 to re-instate the 120-day term limit on interim attorneys appointed by the Attorney General.
On March 26, the U.S. House voted to reinstate the 120-day term limit as well, by a vote of 329–78.
The bill was eventually passed in identical form by both houses in May 2007 and was signed into law by the President on June 14, 2007.
Related USA Patriot Act provision.
Another change to the laws governing the appointment of U.S. Attorneys concerned the residency requirements. The Patriot Act re-authorization included a provision that allowed U.S. Attorneys to reside outside of their appointed state. William W. Mercer authored the change in the law. He held two positions at the same time, the U.S. Attorney for Montana, and the Acting Associate Attorney General while residing in Washington. D.C. Senator Jon Tester (D, Montana) called for Mercer to resign.
In the summer of 2007, Mercer resigned from his Acting Associate Attorney General office, and withdrew his presidential nomination for the same office, and returned to Montana to his other position, U.S. Attorney for the District of Montana.
Dismissal of U.S. Attorneys under previous administrations.
By tradition, U.S. Attorneys are replaced only at the start of a new White House administration. U.S. Attorneys hold a "political" office, and therefore they are considered to "serve at the pleasure of the President." At the beginning of a new presidential administration, it is traditional for all 93 U.S. Attorneys to submit a letter of resignation. When a new President is from a different political party, almost all of the resignations will be eventually accepted. The attorneys are then replaced by new political appointees, typically from the new President's party.
A Department of Justice list noted that "in 1981, Reagan's first year in office, 71 of 93 districts had new U.S. attorneys. In 1993, Clinton's first year, 80 of 93 districts had new U.S. attorneys." Similarly, a Senate study noted that "Reagan replaced 89 of the 93 U.S. attorneys in his first two years in office. President Clinton had 89 new U.S. attorneys in his first two years, and President Bush had 88 new U.S. attorneys in his first two years."
In contrast to the 2006 dismissals, Presidents rarely dismiss U.S. attorneys they appoint. Kyle Sampson, Chief of Staff at the Department of Justice, noted in a January 9, 2006, e-mail to Harriet Miers: "In recent memory, during the Reagan and Clinton Administrations, Presidents Reagan and Clinton did not seek to remove and replace U.S. Attorneys they had appointed, but instead permitted such U.S. Attorneys to serve indefinitely under the holdover provision" (underlining original). There is no precedent for a president to dismiss several U.S attorneys at one time while in the middle period of the presidential term in office.
The few examples of forced dismissals available are based on misconduct. The Congressional Research Service investigated the precedent of dismissing U.S. Attorneys over the 25 years 1981–2006 and identified 54 attorneys who did not serve their full 4-year term. Of these, only two were documented involuntary dismissals: William Kennedy in 1982 and J. William Petro in 1984. Both were Reagan appointees. Kennedy was dismissed "for asserting that the CIA had pressured DOJ to pressure him not to pursue a case", and Petro was dismissed for "disclosing information about an indictment."
However, all of the U.S. Attorneys dismissed in 2006 were in office longer than four years, and appointments lasting into a President's second term were beyond the scope of the study.
Before 1981, President Carter replaced U.S. Attorney David Marston at the request of Democratic Representative Joshua Eilberg. Marston had been investigating corruption charges against Eilberg and Daniel Flood, another Democratic Representative.
The probe continued after the attorney was replaced, however, and Eilberg lost his 1978 reelection bid. Eilberg was eventually sentenced to five years probation and a $10,000 fine,
and Flood was censured for bribery by 96th United States Congress.
Law references.
Part of the governing federal law for appointing United States Attorneys.
Statute, prior to March 9, 2006, USA PATRIOT ACT Re-authorization Act's amendments, and after June 14, 2007, when S.214 was signed into law
United States Code, Title 28 § 546. Vacancies
USA PATRIOT Act reauthorization
SEC. 502. INTERIM APPOINTMENT OF UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS.
Statute from March 9, 2006, through June 14, 2007
United States Code, Title 28 § 546. Vacancies
References and external links.
Released Administration documents
Commentary, analysis, time lines
Articles and books
US Attorneys controversy references

</doc>
<doc id="9779498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779498" title="The Trial of Billy Jack">
The Trial of Billy Jack

The Trial of Billy Jack is a 1974 film starring Delores Taylor and Tom Laughlin. It is the sequel to the 1971 film "Billy Jack" and the third film overall in the series. Although commercially successful, it was panned by critics. Directed by Laughlin, it has a running time of nearly three hours.
Plot.
Billy Jack (Tom Laughlin) goes to court facing an involuntary manslaughter charge stemming from events in the earlier film. He is found guilty and sentenced to a prison term. Meanwhile, the kids at the Freedom School—an experimental school for runaways and troubled youth on a Native American reservation in Arizona—vow to rebuild the school. They raise funds and acquire a new building, eventually starting their own newspaper and television station. Inspired by Nader's Raiders, they begin using the newspaper and TV station to conduct investigative reporting, angering several politicians and townspeople in the process with their exposés.
The school's activities range from having their own search and rescue team, to artistic endeavors such as a marching band and belly dancing. This culminates with the school hosting a large marching band contest and arts festival, which they call "1984 is Closer Than You Think", to raise money for the school.
Midway through the film, Billy Jack is released from prison and, trying to reconnect with his spiritual beliefs, begins a series of lengthy vision quests. He gets involved in a radical group on the reservation which is trying to oppose the federal de-recognition of their tribe and the turning of their tribal lands over to local developers. When one of the tribal members is arrested for poaching deer on what was formerly tribal land, the school comes to his defense.
The school begins to hold hearings on Native rights and child abuse. One of the children at the school was abused by his father who cut off his hand in a fit of rage, and the school defies a court order to turn the boy back over to his father. The FBI begins visiting the school and taps their phones. As tensions mount between the school and the people in the nearby town, a mysterious explosion at the school knocks their television station off the air. The Governor calls a state of emergency and mobilizes the National Guard, and a curfew is established in town. The students respond by holding a parade in the town in violation of the curfew. On the way back to the school their bus breaks down and local townspeople confront the students and threaten to set their bus on fire. Billy Jack shows up during the incident to protect the students, and then comes to the rescue of a tribal member who is being harassed and beaten at a local dance in town. Near the end of the film, the National Guard is stationed around the school and is ordered to open fire on the students, killing four and wounding hundreds more.
The entire story is told in flashbacks by Jean Roberts (Delores Taylor, Laughlin's wife), a teacher at the school, from her hospital bed after the shooting incident. The violence in the finale is a symbolic bookend to the massacre of Vietnamese civilians seen in the beginning of the film. During Billy's trial, he mentions the 1968 My Lai massacre and recalls, in a flashback scene, witnessing a similar incident while serving in Vietnam. This scene also reveals one glaring continuity error. In all four films, Billy Jack is described as an ex-Green Beret (Special Forces) soldier, yet in the flashback he and his fellow soldiers all have 101st Airborne Division shoulder patches on their uniforms.
In the DVD audio commentary, Laughlin mentions he also wanted the bloody, disturbing finale to represent all the shooting incidents at college campuses (particularly the 1970 Kent State shootings) where police and National Guardsmen fired upon students during anti-war protest rallies. Both unarmed women and children are gunned down in a massacre by Army troops.
Critical reaction.
The film was a commercial success upon its release in theaters, but met with a harsh reaction from movie critics. Leonard Maltin called it an "awful, pretentious film". Donald Guarisco of "Allmovie" wrote: "Ultimately, most viewers are likely to be baffled by "The Trial of Billy Jack", and it can only be recommended to B-movie fans with a hearty constitution...it's a mess, but it's a fascinating mess." Despite its initial commercial success, it marked the effective end of success for the "Billy Jack" series. It was followed by one more film, "Billy Jack Goes to Washington" in 1977, which never saw widespread theatrical release.
Years later, "The Trial of Billy Jack" was included as one of the choices in the book "The Fifty Worst Films of All Time".

</doc>
<doc id="9779528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779528" title="Giant's Park">
Giant's Park

Giant's Park is a planned public park, in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The proposed site is the Dargan Road Landfill site on the northern shore of Belfast Lough 
Its name comes from the nearby Cavehill, which is thought to be the inspiration for Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels". He described the hills as a sleeping giant, safeguarding the city. Planned features of the park include an educational facility and festival space.
See also.
List of parks and gardens in Belfast

</doc>
<doc id="9779547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779547" title="Federico Martorell">
Federico Martorell

Federico Martorell Rigo (born 16 March 1981) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Primera B Nacional club Sportivo Belgrano as centre back in Argentina.
Club career.
His professional debut came in 2002 with Newell's Old Boys in Santa Fe.
Greek Super League.
Martorell started his career in Greece playing for Thrasyvoulos. In Fyli Federico had 14 caps and scored 3 goal.
As a result of his good performance Levadeiakos offered a contract to Federico.In Livadia he had also 14 caps.
Cyprus.
After 2 years in Super League Federico moved to Apollon Limassol on a free transfer. He made his deput on a 1-0 defeat against FC Sibir Novosibirsk for the Europa League. Later, he was given on loan to Ermis Aradippou. In May 2011, he was released from Apollon.
Venezuela.
He signed a contract with Deportivo Táchira for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9779549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779549" title="Escape from Hell (2001 film)">
Escape from Hell (2001 film)

Escape from Hell is a 2001 Christian film.
Plot.
The film is about a man, Dr. Eric Robinson, who puts himself in cardiac arrest in order to scientifically study near-death experiences. In the course of his experiments he ventures into both heaven and hell. The film ends with the invitation to accept or reject Christ as Savior.

</doc>
<doc id="9779562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779562" title="Princess Lalla Khadija of Morocco">
Princess Lalla Khadija of Morocco

Princess Lalla Khadija of Morocco (born 28 February 2007) is the second child of Mohammed VI of Morocco and his wife, Princess Lalla Salma. Lalla Khadija's elder brother is Moulay Hassan, Crown Prince of Morocco.
In honour of her birth, the king granted a royal pardon to thousands of prison inmates. Khadija visited Tunisia with her mother Lalla Salma in June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9779567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779567" title="Tonight (The Underdog Project song)">
Tonight (The Underdog Project song)

"Tonight" is the second single from the album "It Doesn't Matter" by the group The Underdog Project. The single is similar to their first hit "Summer Jam", from the same album. There are various mixes of the song, including a 2-step garage mix (OMO Remix) and a Eurodance mix (Dance Movement Remix). The single was also well received in Europe, although it didn't have much airplay in the US or UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9779572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779572" title="Bremen-Burg station">
Bremen-Burg station

Bremen-Burg is a railway station serving the Burg district of Bremen. It also is a junction between the lines from Bremen–Bremerhaven and to Bremen-Vegesack. The station is connected to the BSAG bus network.

</doc>
<doc id="9779574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779574" title="The Scarlet Pimpernel (1934 film)">
The Scarlet Pimpernel (1934 film)

The Scarlet Pimpernel is a 1934 British adventure film directed by Harold Young and starring Leslie Howard, Merle Oberon, and Raymond Massey. Based on the classic adventure novel "The Scarlet Pimpernel" by Baroness Orczy, the film is about an eighteenth-century English aristocrat who leads a double life, appearing as an effete aristocrat while engaged in an underground effort to free French nobles from Robespierre's Reign of Terror. The film was produced by Alexander Korda.
Plot.
In 1792, at the bloody height of the French Revolution's Reign of Terror, vengeful French mobs are outraged when again and again French aristocrats are saved from death by the audacious "Band of the Scarlet Pimpernel", a secret society of 20 English noblemen, "one to command, and nineteen to obey". Among the latest scheduled for execution are the Count de Tournay, former ambassador to Great Britain, and his family. However, one of the Scarlet Pimpernel's men visits them in prison disguised as a priest and gives them a message of hope. As the prisoners are being escorted to the cart to be taken to the guillotine, the guards take the count away; French leader Maximilien Robespierre wishes to question him further. The countess and her daughter are rescued and spirited away to England.
Back in Paris, Robespierre meets with Chauvelin, the republic's new ambassador to Britain, to discuss the problem of the Scarlet Pimpernel. Summoning the Count de Tournay, they offer him his life in return for information from his English contacts as to the Pimpernel's true identity. The Scarlet Pimpernel is Sir Percy Blakeney, a wealthy English baronet and friend of the Prince of Wales. Sir Percy cultivates the image of a fop in order to throw off suspicion. His pose is so successful that not even his French wife Marguerite suspects the truth. Though the two are in love, Sir Percy no longer trusts his wife because of her past denunciation of the Marquis de St. Cyr, which led to the execution of the marquis and his family.
Through his network of spies, Chauvelin discovers that Armand St. Just, Marguerite's brother, is one of the Scarlet Pimpernel's agents. Chauvelin orders Armand's arrest, then uses the threat of his execution to force Marguerite into helping him discover the identity of the Pimpernel, who he knows will be an upcoming ball. At the ball, Marguerite intercepts a message given to Sir Andrew Ffoulkes, a member of the Pimpernel's band, stating that the Pimpernel will be in the library at midnight. She passes the information along to Chauvelin, who goes to the library to find only Percy, apparently asleep. While waiting, Chauvelin falls asleep; when he wakes up, he finds a message from the Pimpernel mocking him.
The next morning, Percy and Marguerite travel to their house in the country. There, Marguerite breaks down and tells her husband of Armand's arrest and her deal with Chauvelin. Confronting her, Percy learns the truth behind the denunciation of the marquis; he had her imprisoned for consorting with his son. After the revolution freed her, she told her friend Chauvelin, who was the one who denounced them. Promising to use his influence at court on Armand's behalf, Percy leaves for London. Afterward, Marguerite notices a detail on a portrait of the 1st baronet hanging in the library – on his finger is a ring decorated by a pimpernel. Realizing that she has inadvertently betrayed her own husband, she rushes out of the room, only to be presented a letter from Chauvelin announcing that he had discovered the Pimpernel's true identity as well. Racing back to London, she warns Ffoulkes that Percy's life is in danger. Ffoulkes agrees to mobilise the band to warn Percy.
To lure Percy into his trap, Chauvelin has both Armand and the Count de Tournay transferred to Boulogne-sur-Mer. Despite the vigilance of Chauvelin's men, the Pimpernel frees the two men from prison through bribery. However, one of the prison guards tells Chauvelin that the Pimpernel will be at a certain tavern (the "Lion d'Or") that evening. Marguerite goes there to warn Percy, only to be arrested by Chauvelin and his troops. Percy arrives at the appointed time and is met by a gloating Chauvelin. Percy distracts him long enough for Armand and the count to board the ship, but as he prepares to leave, Chauvelin announces that he has Marguerite in custody. Percy surrenders on the condition that she be freed. He is led away by soldiers to be shot by a waiting firing squad. Chauvelin exults at the sound of gunfire, but Percy returns to the tavern very much alive, revealing that the men in uniform are in fact his. After securing Chauvelin in the basement, Percy joins his wife on the ship back to England.
Production.
Alexander Korda, a Hungarian who had been born in a town not far from Baroness Orczy's farm, had recently had great success with the actor Charles Laughton in the film "The Private Life of Henry VIII", so he asked Laughton to play the role of Sir Percy. But when the announcement went out to the press, the reaction from the Pimpernel's many fans was negative; the pug-nosed Laughton was thought inappropriate to play the suave Sir Percy.
Korda thus gave the role to Leslie Howard, with Merle Oberon as Marguerite. Leslie Howard set the standard with his portrayal of Sir Percy Blakeney; his version is widely regarded as the best screen adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="9779589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779589" title="Victory (Do or Die album)">
Victory (Do or Die album)

Victory is the third album released by rap group, Do or Die. It was released on August 29, 2000 for Rap-A-Lot Records/Virgin Records. "Victory" was yet another success on the charts for the group, peaking at #13 on the Billboard 200 and #4 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, however it produced no charting singles.

</doc>
<doc id="9779590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779590" title="Bjelopavlići (clan)">
Bjelopavlići (clan)

Bjelopavlići (, ) is a Montenegrin clan and region in central Montenegro (Brda clan, "Highlanders"). The clan is situated around Danilovgrad.
History.
Bjelopavlići is regarded one of the traditional Serb clans in Montenegro. The Bjelopavlići are first mentioned in Serbian documents dating to 1411, when they, together with the Malonšići, Ozrinići and Maznići, had looted a ship of the Republic of Ragusa (from Dubrovnik). The eponymous founder, "Bijeli Pavle" ("White Paul"), is sourced as having fled Metohija from the Ottomans, and settling in Luška župa (, later known as "Zeta"). 
According to geneaologist Dušan Vučurović and Dr. Sreten Vuković, who analysed archives of Ragusan papers and Ottoman "defter"s, Pavle, a Serbian Orthodox, was born around 1280, in Hvost, in Metohija, between Peć and Prizren. Pavle settled Upper Zeta in 1300-1303, during the rule of Stephen Milutin (r. 1282–1321). The tomb of Bijeli Pavle is found in the ""Gradac Jovanovica""-Serbian Orthodox church.
Pavle had two sons:
Early modern period.
The Venetians fought Stephen Vukčić Kosača in the 15th century, and Zeta, and the clans, including Bjelopavlići, were not able to defend themselves and were forced to pay taxes to Venice.
In 1496, the Ottomans conquered the greater part of Zeta and the surrounding area called "Hills" (Brda), which included the Vasojevići, Bjelopavlići, Piperi, Kuči, Bratonožići, Moračani and Rovčani.
In the late 16th century, Damjan and Pavle, two monks of Mileševa, sent a letter to the pope explaining the geography of the Serbian people (""What is Serbia""); Bjelopavlići is one of the clan regions.
In 1612 the Sultan sent the son of Mehmet Pasha to Podgorica to tackle the uprisings by the people. The Pasha remained in Podgorica for three months and then decided to ravage Bjelopavlići, taking 80 women and children as slaves, setting the village on fire and stealing animals. The males were hiding in other villages and upon the department of the Ottoman soldiers, the tribesmen attacked and killed 300 sipahis with their horses and baggage stolen.
In 1613, the Ottomans launched a campaign against the rebel tribes of Montenegro. They reached an agreement with the people for one thousand ducats and twelve slaves.
In 1614, according to Mariano Bolizza, a Kotoran public servant of Venice, the region was under the command of the Ottoman army in Podgorica. 800 men in arms of Bjelopavlići () were commanded by Neneca Latinović and Bratič Tomašević. Bjelopavlići consisted of 360 houses which were Serb (ethnic Serb, Orthodox Christian).
They are mentioned as a "Serbian Orthodox clan" in a historical-geographical survey from 1757 and a letter sent by the Clan federation to Russia from 1789.
Modern.
Knjaz Danilo was assassinated in August, 1860 as he was boarding a ship at the port of Kotor. The assassin, "Chief" Todor Kadić of the Bjelopavlići, was said to be assisted by Austrian authorities in carrying out the assassination. Some speculate that there was a personal feud between the two, the fact that Danilo had an affair with Todor's wife and the ongoing mistreatment of the Bjelopavlići tribe by Danilo's guards and his forces.
During Nikola I, the Bjelopavlici had bad relations with the rule as a member of the tribe, Andrija Radović, was sentenced to 15 years in a bombing trial and the trials in 1908-1909 further damaged relations.
Christmas Uprising.
Montenegro was unified with Serbia on November 26, 1918.
During the Christmas Uprising in 1919, when the "Greens" (backed by the Kingdom of Italy sought Montenegro as a federal unit instead of an annexed Montenegro and instigated a rebellion, the Bjelopavlići were on the pro-Serb (""Kingdom of Serbia"") side of the Montenegrin Whites (Bjelasi, The opponents were the Greens, Zelenaši).
World War II.
On 11 February 1942, Chetnik Colonel Bajo Stanišić revolted against the Yugoslav Partisans of KPJ in the villages of Bjelopavlici.

</doc>
<doc id="9779595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779595" title="Resource planning">
Resource planning

Resource planning may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9779598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779598" title="USS Markab (AD-21)">
USS Markab (AD-21)

USS "Markab" (AD-21) was a "Hamul"-class destroyer tender named for "Markab", the third-brightest star in the constellation Pegasus. 
Built as the cargo ship Mormacpenn by Ingalls Shipbuilding Company of Pascagoula, Mississippi; launched 21 December 1940; acquired by the United States Navy on 2 June 1941 at Charleston, South Carolina; and commissioned as USS "Markab" (AK 31) on 15 June 1941 with Commander Allen D. Brown in command.
Service history.
World War II.
Cargo ship, 1941–1942.
"Markab" operated with Atlantic amphibious forces in the Hampton Roads area until 1 October 1941. She then loaded cargo at Jersey City, New Jersey for delivery to American troops recently stationed in Greenland. Returning to Brooklyn, New York on 21 November, she took on board supplies for distribution to various bases in the Caribbean. World War II engulfed the United States before "Markab" steamed into Ensenada Honda, Puerto Rico, her first port of call. The new wartime demands on the Navy caused this voyage to terminate at Mobile, Alabama on 8 January 1942 where she was converted to a destroyer tender. Sixteen days later she was redesignated AD-21, but it was 27 September before Commander Brown again commanded a fully commissioned vessel.
Destroyer tender, 1942–1947.
After shakedown "Markab" transited the Panama Canal on 27 October to join Destroyer Force, Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor. Ships recently returned from the battle for the Solomon Islands made use of her facilities for three months prior to her departure on 6 February 1943 to service the North Pacific Force. In the year she remained in the Aleutians, she rendered noteworthy service in helping to prepare vessels for both the Attu and Kiska invasions. Steaming to San Francisco late in January, 1944 the ship prepared for an even more extensive Pacific tour.
She departed the West Coast on 26 February and worked her way toward the war zone. As a part of Service Squadron 10, "Markab" overhauled, repaired, and replenished destroyers and destroyer escorts at Pearl Harbor, Majuro, and Eniwetok in the Marshall Islands, and Ulithi in the Carolines. Having assisted in preparing and sustaining the ships fighting in the bloody conquests of the Marianas and Iwo Jima, she sailed for the Philippines on 16 February 1945. Her work force now overhauled and readied landing craft for the assault on Okinawa. During June she played an important part in preparing TF 38 for the last great raids on Japan.
Following the Japanese surrender, "Markab" refitted and restocked ships bound for the occupation areas of Japan, Korea, and China. Steaming in their wake, she arrived Sasebo, Japan on 1 November and early in January 1946 joined the 7th Fleet at Shanghai, China. Her services in the western Pacific ended 2 April as "Markab" commenced the long voyage home for inactivation. The ship off loaded at New Orleans beginning 6 May. At Orange, Texas on January, 1947 she decommissioned and entered the Atlantic Reserve Fleet.
Korea, 1952–1955.
When the Cold War turned hot in Korea, the resultant expansion of the Navy brought the temporary reactivation of "Markab". Recommissioned on 26 February 1952 with Captain Melvyn H. McCoy in command, she remained on the East Coast servicing Destroyer Force ships. Operating initially at Newport, Rhode Island and after April, 1955 at Fall River, Massachusetts, "Markab" also participated in the semiannual fleet exercises. On 9 February she departed on a voyage to Charleston where she decommissioned on 31 July.
Vietnam, 1960–1969.
Into a crisis-beset world she emerged again in 1960. Towed to Mare Island Navy Yard in California, she was redesignated as Repair Ship AR-23 on 15 April and recommissioned on 1 July with Captain Edwin Monroe Westbrook, Jr. in command. Homeported at Alameda Naval Air Station, the repair ship sailed to Pearl Harbor late in October, returning 22 December. Between 5 July 1962 and 14 September 1966 she projected her services even more widely, steaming three times on seven month WestPac deployments with Capt. Bennie W. Jones, Jr. at the helm. On the first such voyage "Markab" returned a priceless Chinese art treasures exhibit to Taiwan. On the next two tours, ships returning from combat patrol off the coast of Vietnam increasingly required her facilities. Interspersed with the work periods in the Philippines and Japan were brief rest and rehabilitation periods at Hong Kong and Buckner Bay, Okinawa. She continued this pattern of West Coast duty and western Pacific deployment into 1969. "Markab" earned one campaign star for Vietnam War service.
Decommissioned again on 19 December 1969 at the Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility in Vallejo, California, "Markab" was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 September 1976. Custody was transferred to the Maritime Administration who disposed of the ship by MARAD sale 12 April 1977, her final fate unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9779608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779608" title="French ship Rubis">
French ship Rubis

17 ships of the French Navy have been named Rubis (""Ruby""), or Ruby as it was spelled until the 18th century:

</doc>
<doc id="9779620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779620" title="Cherry Ghost">
Cherry Ghost

Cherry Ghost are an indie rock band from Bolton, England. Cherry Ghost began in 2005, first as an alias for Simon Aldred as a solo artist, before morphing into a full band. Their debut album, "Thirst for Romance", was released in July 2007 and entered the UK Album Charts at No. 7. A second album, entitled "Beneath This Burning Shoreline", was released in July 2010 to positive critical acclaim. Founding member Simon Aldred, under the moniker Out Cold, released a solo album entitled "Invasion of Love" in September 2013, featuring a markedly synthpop sound. In May 2014, Cherry Ghost released their third album "Herd Runners".
History.
The name "Cherry Ghost" is a reference to the Wilco song "Theologians" from the album "A Ghost Is Born".
Beginnings and "Thirst for Romance" (2005–2007).
In 2005, Simon Aldred began performing as Cherry Ghost as a solo artist, before morphing into a full band. Early sessions with Doves bassist and vocalist Jimi Goodwin and a special appearance on "Later...with Jools Holland" helped excel the band's beginnings. Cherry Ghost were one of only a handful of bands and musicians to have been invited onto Jools Holland's programme before having released any material. Cherry Ghost signed to Heavenly Records, and released their debut single "Mathematics" in April 2007. The debut album, "Thirst for Romance", was released in July 2007, following the release of the single "People Help the People" two weeks before, which charted on the UK Singles Chart at No. 27. The album was met with generally positive reviews, and entered the UK Albums Chart at No. 7. A third single, "4 AM," was released in September 2007 and charted at No. 128. A live EP entitled "iTunes Festival: Live in London", recorded in July 2007 at the iTunes Festival, was released digitally in November 2007.
In September 2007, Cherry Ghost were nominated for "Best New Act" at the 2007 Q Awards. In early 2008, Cherry Ghost won an Ivor Novello Award for "People Help the People" in the category of "Best Contemporary Song".
"Beneath This Burning Shoreline" (2008–2012).
In March 2008, Simon announced through a MySpace blog posting that the band were at the writing stage for the second album and had seven songs written, which had been distilled from over 50 different tunes. The bulk of the album was written in Berlin and Rome. The band began recording the album in January 2009. A later blog post indicated that the band were recording in a converted barn.
On 27 December 2009, Simon posted on MySpace that the second album had been finished and was "due to be mixed in the next month or two." On 29 April 2010, a message on the band's MySpace page stated the title of the new album as "Beneath This Burning Shoreline", with a release date of 5 July 2010. "Beneath This Burning Shoreline" was released to positive reviews, garnering 4-star reviews from publications such as "Q", "The Guardian", and "The Independent". The album's first single, "Kissing Strangers," was released as a single-track download on 28 June 2010. Second single "Black Fang" was released in September 2010 as the album's first commercial single on 7" vinyl and download; third single "We Sleep on Stones" was released as a double A-side with a cover of the CeCe Peniston hit "Finally" in November 2010. A fourth single, "Only a Mother", was issued as a download in March 2011.
"Invasion of Love" and "Herd Runners" (2012-present).
Simon Aldred spent much of 2012 and 2013 recording his solo album "Invasion of Love", released under the name Out Cold in September 2013. Aldred went into the project not wanting to make another guitar-driven album, instead turning towards synthesizers. In an interview with "The Guardian", he said "The pattern of strumming a guitar felt really flat, I didn't want to make another miserable northern record... The last album, I was plucking quotes from Chekhov and film noir, so I wanted to give myself a little break. I could have easily made an acoustic troubadour-style album, and I had half that written, but it shouldn't be that easy." Lyrically, the album was also influenced by Aldred's coming out as gay. "Invasion has a negative connotation, but the album is mostly about embracing relationships and love, with a longing that's now tinged with reality, of being gay and singing from that perspective."
Aldred and Cherry Ghost recorded their third studio album "Herd Runners" in Sheffield with Colin Elliot and Dan Austin. The album was released in May 2014 via Heavenly Recordings and PIAS Recordings. Throughout May 2014, Cherry Ghost will tour with ex-The Beautiful South and The Housemartins singer Paul Heaton alongside fellow The Beautiful South singer Jacqui Abbott.

</doc>
<doc id="9779644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779644" title="Bremen-Lesum station">
Bremen-Lesum station

Bremen-Burg is a railway station serving the Lesum district of Bremen. The station is located on the Bremen-Vegesack–Bremen railway line.

</doc>
<doc id="9779657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779657" title="Umaru Dikko">
Umaru Dikko

Umaru Dikko (1936 – 1 July 2014) was a Nigerian politician and was an adviser to President Shehu Shagari. He was also the Nigerian minister for Transportation from 1979–1983.
Dikko was born in Wamba. He started playing a role in the nation's governance in 1967, when he was appointed as a commissioner in the then "North Central State of Nigeria" (now Kaduna State). He was also secretary of a committee set up by General Hassan Katsina to unite the "Northerners" after a coup in 1966. In 1979, he was made Shagari's campaign manager for the successful presidential campaign of the National Party of Nigeria. During the nation's Second Republic, he played prominent roles as transport minister and head of the presidential task force on rice. 
A military coup on December 31, 1983, overthrew the government of Shagari. Dikko fled into exile in London as well as a few other ministers and party officials of the National Party of Nigeria. The new military regime accused him of large-scale corruption while in office, in particular of embezzling millions of dollars from the nation's oil revenues.
On July 5, 1984, he played the central role in the Dikko Affair; he was found drugged in a crate at Stansted Airport that was being claimed as "Diplomatic Baggage", an apparent victim of a government sanctioned kidnapping. The crate's destination was Lagos.

</doc>
<doc id="9779663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779663" title="Taras Bulba (disambiguation)">
Taras Bulba (disambiguation)

Taras Bulba is a historical novel by Russian-Ukrainian writer Nikolai Gogol.
Taras Bulba may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9779681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779681" title="John Brackenborough">
John Brackenborough

John Charles "Spider" Brackenborough (February 9, 1897 – July 8, 1993) was a Canadian professional hockey player left winger. He played 7 games for the Boston Bruins of the NHL as well as in the NOHA, OHA-Sr, and OCHL. He has the longest last name of any player in the history of the league.
Brackenborough played for the Ottawa Grand Trunk from 1915 to 1919, Depot Harbour during the 1919–1920 season, North Bay Trappers from 1920 to 1922, Hamilton Tigers from 1922 to 1924, and the Galt Terriers during 1924–1925 season. He joined the Boston Bruins during the 1925–1926 season. He only played 7 games before retiring due to an eye injury.

</doc>
<doc id="9779703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779703" title="7 (Talisman album)">
7 (Talisman album)

7 is the 7th and last studio album by hard rock band Talisman released on 20 October 2006 on Frontiers Records.
It was recorded under the working title of "BAR", which stood for "Bitter-Angry-Resentful", basically a joke referring to the guys’ outlook on certain life events. It was dropped in the end in favour of the more immediate "7". "7" is an album that encompasses several music styles, but keeping intact the elements of the Talisman trademark rhythms.
Marcel Jacob talking about the release of "7".
The Swedish bass player and songwriter Marcel Jacob (ex-Yngwie Malmsteen, Europe) teamed once again with US vocalist Jeff Scott Soto, formally of (Yngwie Malmsteen, Soul Sirkus and Journey), drummer Jamie Borger (Treat) and guitarist Fredrik Åkesson (Currently a member of Opeth) to give birth to the recording.
According to Jacob: "I am very pleased with the result, more so than I've been in a while. There are a number of tracks that came out really well and I am quite curious as to what the response will be. As a songwriter I tried to write this time more for other ears than mine, trying to perceive what others could have liked from what we have been doing before... Also this time we tried to go for some ballads and this was a sort of new challenge for us." 
"It's the same old people:­ JSS, Freddie, Jamie, and I. This time I've been handling all guitars except leads, as well as doing an amazing amount (for me) of keyboards. The album was mixed by Pontus Norgren, he is also guesting as guitar player on one track."
Track listing.
All songs were written by Marcel Jacob and Jeff Scott Soto except where it noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="9779709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779709" title="Michael Gallagher (translator)">
Michael Gallagher (translator)

Michael Gallagher (born 1930) is an author and translator of Japanese literature. His translation of Yukio Mishima's "Spring Snow" was a finalist for the National Book Award in 1973, while his nonfiction work "Laws of Heaven" was the winner of the Alpha Sigma Nu Jesuit Book Award in Theology. As a Jesuit scholastic, he spent three years teaching English at St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, where he directed several plays, including "The Teahouse of the August Moon". He left the Jesuit order and served briefly as a paratrooper in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9779712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779712" title="John Mattson">
John Mattson

John Mattson is an American screenwriter. His screenplay for the film "Milk Money" was sold to Paramount Pictures for $1.1 million after Paramount topped a $1 million bid from Dino De Laurentiis Communications. 

</doc>
<doc id="9779713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779713" title="Bremen-St. Magnus station">
Bremen-St. Magnus station

Bremen-St Magnus is a railway station serving the St. Magnus district of Bremen. The station is located on the Bremen-Vegesack–Bremen railway line.

</doc>
<doc id="9779723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779723" title="Saint Monica's Church">
Saint Monica's Church

Saint Monica's Church may refer to:
In the United Kingdom:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="9779741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779741" title="Bremen-Schönebeck station">
Bremen-Schönebeck station

Bremen-Schönebeck is a railway station serving the Schönebeck district of Bremen. The station is located on the Bremen-Vegesack–Bremen railway line.

</doc>
<doc id="9779742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779742" title="OE buoy">
OE buoy

An OE Buoy or Ocean Energy Buoy is a wave power device that uses an Oscillating Water Column design. It was deployed in half-scale test mode in Spiddal near Galway in Ireland for over two years between 2007 and 2009. As of the 5th of March 2011 the model has been redeployed at the same site, primarily as a data collector for the EU funded Cores Project.
It was developed by the HMRC in Cork and is now owned and developed by the spun off Oceanenergy.
The OE Buoy is a version of a device known as the Backward Bent Duct Buoy (BBDB) which was invented in 1986 by wave energy pioneer and Japanese naval commander Yoshio Masuda.

</doc>
<doc id="9779749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779749" title="Nighttime Anytime">
Nighttime Anytime

Nighttime Anytime is an EP album by the Constantines released July 8, 2003 on the Sub Pop record label. The first two tracks are songs that were later released on the album "Shine a Light". The third track is a Talking Heads cover, and the final track is an alternate instrumental version of "Hotline Operator" that differs from the track of the same name found on "Tournament of Hearts".

</doc>
<doc id="9779757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779757" title="Elizabeth Kucinich">
Elizabeth Kucinich

Elizabeth Jane Kucinich (née Harper; born 22 October 1977) is a British organic food and vegan advocate, a champion for peace, animals and the environment. She is the director of policy at the Center for Food Safety, the producer of two documentaries, ('Hot Water' and 'GMO OMG') and a socially conscious business owner. Married to former 8-term U.S. Congressman and two time Democratic Presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich. Kucinich splits her time between Cleveland, OH and Washington, DC.
In 2005, after working with rural and urban poor in India and Tanzania, Kucinich moved to the USA to organize the first international conference on monetary reform for the American Monetary Institute. Before joining the Center for Food Safety in May 2013, Elizabeth was the director of government affairs for the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM) and a congressional liaison for former President of the United Nations General Assembly.
Kucinich is a board director of several notable organizations including Sean Penn's Haitian relief organization, J/P HRO, the Rodale Institute and a fledgling vegan food company, Gardenbar TM.
Kucinich is executive producer of "GMO OMG" a documentary exploring genetic engineering, which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2013, and producer of "Hot Water" which premiered at the DC Environmental Film Festival, 2013. It is a documentary exposing the harsh realities America faces as a result of uranium mining, from cancer to uncontrollable costs to tax payers.
Kucinich's appearance is often noted in the media. Vanity Fair magazine named Elizabeth Kucinich among the nation's "best dressed" political wives, the Plain Dealer featured her preference for shopping in resale and consignment stores and Cleveland Magazine pegged her as "Cleveland's most interesting". Esquire magazine named her one of the sexiest women in politics, while the Washington Post described Kucinich as "if not a national obsession, then certainly a treasured District landmark" who as "an excellent example of genetics could easily have made it in the other Hollywood." 
Early life.
Born Elizabeth Jane Harper, she was brought up in North Ockendon in Havering, England. She attended Coopers' Company and Coborn School in Upminster from 1989-96. According to her mother, as a girl Kucinich was always into human rights and the environment and circulated petitions on animal rights at school and lobbied Parliament from the age of 14 years. After leaving school, she travelled alone to India for six months. There she went to Agra and volunteered at one of Mother Teresa's homes for India's poorest children. After completing her university education in 2002, Kucinich moved to Tanzania where she worked with Voluntary Services Overseas, the UK's version of the Peace Corps, as a community development worker in the rural Dodoma Region.
Education.
Kucinich holds a BA in Religions Studies and Theology, an MA in International Conflict Analysis from the University of Kent, U.K. and has completed vocational training in core Skills in U.N. Human Rights fieldwork, SPHERE: implementation training in Minimum Standards in Disaster Response, and the Child Protection Certificate. In alignment with her core commitments, she is also credentialed in Peace and Reconciliation Studies from Coventry University, U.K.
Personal life.
Newly in from England with no knowledge of who Dennis was other than being a Member of Congress, Elizabeth walked into Kucinich's office on May 4, 2005. They had an eight-minute meeting on monetary policy. The second time they met was in New Mexico at another policy event later that month. While in New Mexico they decided to get married and three months later they did so, on August 21, 2005.
They describe their meeting as "soul recognition", the details of which were written about in depth in "The Love song of Dennis J. Kucinich" and "How Kucinich found love" 
Elizabeth and Dennis Kucinich's marriage and deep affection for each other has continued to be a point of public interest. Regularly described as lovebirds, headlines like "Rep. Kucinich spotted canoodling with wife at train station" and "Kucinich gets some love on an escalator" are not uncommon.

</doc>
<doc id="9779775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779775" title="Bremen-Vegesack station">
Bremen-Vegesack station

Bremen-Vegesack is a railway station serving the Vegesack district of Bremen. The station is the current terminus of the Bremen-Vegesack–Bremen railway line.

</doc>
<doc id="9779790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779790" title="Back 2 the Game">
Back 2 the Game

Back 2 the Game is the fourth album released by rap group Do or Die. It was released on August 13, 2002 for Rap-A-Lot Records/Virgin Records. This album did not fare as well as the group's previous three, but peaked at #64 on the Billboard 200 and #25 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="9779799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779799" title="Abondance, Haute-Savoie">
Abondance, Haute-Savoie

Abondance is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
It lies in the French Alps just south of Lake Geneva on the Swiss border. The people of this commune are referred to as "Abondanciers".
Abondance has given its name to a variety of cheese made in the region, the breed of cattle from whose milk the cheese is made and the valley in which it stands. Other villages in the Vallee D'Abondance are Chatel and La Chapelle D'Abondance. It is a small and quiet town with several bars, hotels, restaurants, a bank, some food and ski/outdoor shops and a lively Sunday morning Market serving the Vallee D'Abondance. One of its features is the 14th century Abbey. The commune was founded around the year 1040.
Abondance was the first ski resort in the Alps to shut down due to lack of snow, due to alleged global warming. In the 2006–2007 ski season, the town lost money due to lifts being shut down. The town's plea for government aid to support the resort was denied due to its unlikeliness to return to profit due to lack of snow. However, the resort reopened in 2009–10 and each winter since has remained open throughout the season. L'Essert is the name of the town's ski area and it has 7 lifts and 13 runs of which there are two nursery slopes, 6 blue runs, 3 red and 2 black and a mountain restaurant. Ecole du Ski Francais operates in Abondance. In addition to downhill skiing, the resort has 10 km of cross country ski and snow shoe trails. Summer visitors go to Abondance for the walking, history and outdoor activities.
Abondance is home to the international boarding school Sainte Croix des Neiges.

</doc>
<doc id="9779816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779816" title="MTFC">
MTFC

MTFC can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9779827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779827" title="Rights and Humanity">
Rights and Humanity

Rights and Humanity was founded by Professor Julia Häusermann MBE in 1986. Established as an international not-for-profit association under Swiss law, Rights and Humanity is multi-faith and multi-cultural by philosophy, composition and action. Its premise is that international human rights law and the principles of humanity - the values shared across faiths and cultures - together provide a legal framework and moral compass for global action for progress. Its unique approach is holistic, cooperative, solutions-oriented and champions progress rather than blame. It puts people and planet at the centre of policy and action, prompting an ethic of cooperation for the common good. The Association’s effective positive approach has attracted the global patronage of people of great eminence. In 2003, our Patrons and other global leaders signed ‘The Rights and Humanity Principles of Responsibility’ – the first multi-faith, multi-cultural consensus on individual responsibilities.
Rights and Humanity’s distinguishing role is that it focuses on:
• promoting economic and social justice through the practical realisation of human rights as a foundation for peace (rather than monitoring violations of human rights)
• building solutions-oriented consensus through a unique approach which emphasises the highest common vision rather than the lowest common denominator
• developing education in human rights and responsibilities, peace and sustainability in public policy, corporate, professional and daily life.
Rights and Humanity have a YouTube channel with several short videos outlining their achievements.
Achievements.
During the last 27 years, Rights and Humanity has played a significant role in shaping global policy and practice through the integration of a “human rights approach”. participatory democracy, cultural rights, complex emergencies and the global financial crisis. For each issue Rights and Humanity:
• undertakes holistic, multi-disciplinary research on all aspects
• brings together public, private and civil society stakeholders to analyse the challenges through the lens of human rights and responsibilities, identify necessary reforms and adopt common strategies
• encourages implementation of the agreed strategies through policy advice to UN agencies, governments and NGOs; demonstration pilot projects; education; and professional training.
The “human rights approach to development” pioneered by Rights and Humanity has been adopted by UN agencies, governments and NGOs around the world. The Association has demonstrated how discrimination and social exclusion are among the root causes of poverty and preventable ill-health. Evaluations have established that this approach is saving and bettering millions of lives around the world.
Rights and Humanity has successfully used its peace-building approach to resolve deadlock between governments on a number of sensitive issues such as those between:
• Western/Northern states and Eastern/Southern states before the World Conference on Human Rights, Vienna, 1993, to forge global consensus on the universality of human rights
• Islamic and Western states at the Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, 1995, to ensure that adolescent girls receive health information and services
• Israeli and Arab delegates before the World Conference on Racism, Durban, 2001, to achieve joint recognition of both the atrocities of the Holocaust and the suffering of the Palestinian people.
Some recent examples of Rights and Humanity’s thought leadership have included:
• at the request of the then UK Prime Minister, adopting recommendations for a Just and Sustainable World Economy at a Global Leaders Congress in preparation for the G20 London Summit (2009)
• achieving consensus on a Call for Action at a 2nd Global Leaders Congress entitled “Global Solutions to Global Challenges: Think, Unite, Act” (2011)
Patrons and officers.
International Patrons include: His Holiness The Dalai Lama, His Grace Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu, His Royal Highness Prince Hassan bin Talal, Dadi Janki Convenor of the Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University, Sir Sigmund Sternberg
Women's Human Rights and Empowerment Network Patron: Mrs Cherie Blair 
President: Professor Julia Häusermann MBE

</doc>
<doc id="9779838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779838" title="Field dominance">
Field dominance

In video engineering, field dominance refers to the choice of which field of an interlaced video signal is chosen as the point at which video edits occur. There are only two choices for field dominance in normal interlaced video: odd or even. Interlacing divides the frame into two fields, scanning alternately the odd-numbered lines and even-numbered lines. Each field is scanned in 1/60 second under the 525-line NTSC system (or 480i – often referred to as NTSC) or 1/50 of a second under the 625-line system (or 576i – often incorrectly referred to as the PAL system) . Proper field dominance selection in linear editing systems will maintain color framing synchronization.
A complete video frame in the 525-line system consists of an even-line field followed by an odd-line field. In the 625-line system, a complete video frame consists of an odd line field followed by an even line field. Most digital video formats (including the DVD format) store the even field of the complete frame first regardless of the field order of the actual material.
Re-editing old video material already edited with a different field dominance convention can be problematic, as it can lead to "flash fields" when old and new edits are made too close together.

</doc>
<doc id="9779845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779845" title="Alston Line">
Alston Line

The Alston Line was a standard gauge branch line railway that operated in the counties of Northumberland and Cumbria in England. Starting at its junction with the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway line at Haltwhistle, the line ran to the town of Alston. An 1846 Parliamentary Act authorised a line as far as Nenthead, providing an outlet for the lead mines in the Alston area, and plans were made to connect with railways further south. When the decision was made to terminate the branch at Alston, a further act was needed in 1849.
Initially the line opened in stages: from the junction to Shafthill (later renamed Coanwood) in 1851, and from Alston to Lambley in 1852. The full opening of the line awaited the construction of Lambley Viaduct, and was achieved later in 1852.
Rundown and closure.
In the 1950s freight services were withdrawn from Coanwood and all the intermediate stations were unstaffed. After the locomotive shed closed in 1959 and the line's goods services were withdrawn in the early 1960s the line operated with a Class 101 Diesel Multiple Unit based at Blaydon and ran as a siding, a simple railway with no signals other than those at the junction, from Haltwhistle. Although the line was marked for closure in the Beeching plan, the lack of an all-weather road kept it open. A link between local roads, including a temporary level crossing over the branch, was built in the Lambley area. This enabled Ribble Motor Services to run a replacement bus service. The line closed officially on the 3rd of May 1976 with the last train working two days earlier.
Despite efforts by the South Tynedale Railway Preservation Society to take over the line, the track was lifted soon after the closure.
The Branch Line Today.
In 1983 a narrow gauge railway opened between Alston and Gilderdale, and has since been extended northwards. Known as the South Tynedale Railway, this gauge line now runs from Alston to Lintley Halt and regularly runs a steam service with a couple of German built Henschel engines, Helen Kathryn, and Thomas Edmondson.
The journey includes a viaduct over the River South Tyne. Construction of the next section of track a mile stretch from Lintley to Slaggyford is under consideration and funding is being sought with hopes of completion by 2015. With this, the STR will be around 4 miles in length.
The track bed has been severed at two points close to the Haltwhistle junction by the A69 Haltwhistle Bypass and the removal of a former bridge on a minor road nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="9779846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779846" title="Bulba (disambiguation)">
Bulba (disambiguation)

Bulba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9779847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779847" title="Pinakates">
Pinakates

Pinakates () is a mountain village in the Magnesia regional unit, Greece. It is part of the municipal unit of Milies.
Geography.
Pinakates is on the southwestern slopes of the Pelion mountain range. It is 3 km west of Milies, 3 km east of Agios Georgios Nileias, 3 km north of Kala Nera (on the Pagasetic Gulf coast) and 15 km east of Volos. 
History.
The village of Pinakates is first mentioned in the "Modern Geography of Greece" ("Γεωγραφία Νεωτερική περί της Ελλάδο" = "Geografia Neoteriki peri tis Ellados") by Daniil Filippidis and Grigoriou Konstantas (Vienna 1791). At that time, the village comprised about 100 houses, but surely it was built much earlier.
In 1828, the village had 1,000 inhabitants. In 1860, the village counted 160 families and 800 residents. Pinakates joined the rest of Greece when Thessaly was liberated in 1881. In the early 20th century, a school with 56 students was opened. One of the main benefactors of this school was a business man from Pinakates, Ioannis G. Sarafopoulos. The main industry in Pinakates became the production of wine and oil. Also the culture of olives boosted the village's economy. Money from Greeks living in Egypt contributed to the development of the village.
Pinakates is considered to be one of the best preserved of the 24 villages in Pilion and therefore became a category 1-protected landmark. The village was so well preserved because until recently it was only accessible via one road which ends in the center of the village. All other roads could only be used on foot or by mule. The isolated position on the mountain side kept the village well preserved, but also almost caused its downfall. During the last decade of the previous century only five families lived in Pinakates during wintertime. Currently it counts about 150 people, although on the voting registers some 350 names are listed. However, a lot of them have moved to neighbouring villages. Due to the limited number of children in the village it no longer has a school.

</doc>
<doc id="9779850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779850" title="Bulba">
Bulba

Bulba (Бульба, ) is a concert dance based on Belarusian folk traditions, choreographed, among several others, by Igor Moiseyev. The word means "potato" in Ukrainian and Belarusian languages. 
Moiseyev created the dance after visiting Belarus in late 1930s. He masterfully recreated the Belarusian folklore, so that the dance has become Belarusian national dance, featured by all national folk dance ensembles.
The dance was choreographed to the vivid tune of the Belarusian folk song with the same name, "Bulba" ("Potato"), Moiseysev overheard during his visit. The dance and the song humorously portray the whole process of potato production. 
In his memoirs, Moiseev wrote: 
"When in 15 years I visited Belarus again, I've noticed that my "Bulba" was being danced everywhere. I would ask them: 'Where have you got this dance?' They would answer: 'It has always been around.' At the same time, folklorists assured me that this dance appeared in Belarus only after my choreography. If your creation is accepted by folk so as to consider it to be their own, this would be the highest form of the recognition!"

</doc>
<doc id="9779851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779851" title="Mike Hall (basketball)">
Mike Hall (basketball)

Michael Horus Hall (born June 5, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. in Israel.
College career.
He attended Alan B. Shepard High School in Palos Heights, Illinois. Hall, a four year starter at George Washington University from 2002 through 2006 was a tri-captain his senior season on a team that went 27-3.
Professional career.
D-League and NBA.
Undrafted after his senior season, Hall joined the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League. On February 28, 2007, the Washington Wizards signed him to a ten-day contract due to injuries of forwards Antawn Jamison and Caron Butler. He was signed to a second ten day contract shortly afterwards, and on March 21, the team signed him for the rest of the season.
He appeared in two games for the Wizards and was released in late October, 2007 due to salary cap reasons.
In December 2010, Hall signed with the Dakota Wizards of the NBA Development League.
Europe.
On August 11, 2008 Hall signed with Italian club Olimpia Milano in Serie A, the top level of Italian basketball.
In 2008-09, Hall was one of the top rebounders of Serie A. Thanks also to his good performances, Armani Jeans reached Euroleague 2008-2009 Top 16 and Serie A finals, which they eventually lost to MPS Siena. In 2008-2009 he scored career highs 27 points and 9 rebounds in Euroleague, and 23 points and 15 rebounds in Serie A.
In 2009-10 he lost his starting lineup spot to newcomer Stefano Mancinelli, after he was suspended for a game by his team, due to some polemic phrases he posted on Facebook. During the summer of 2010 he signed a contract with Bancatercas Teramo, but was released in December 2010 after the team's 0-5 start. 
In January 2011 he signed with Erdemir SK in Turkey. He signed with Baloncesto Fuenlabrada of Spain in January 2012. In November 2012, he joined Maccabi Ashdod B.C.

</doc>
<doc id="9779878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779878" title="Čađavica">
Čađavica

Čađavica may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9779886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779886" title="British Society of Cinematographers">
British Society of Cinematographers

The British Society of Cinematographers (abbreviated BSC) was formed in 1949 by Bert Easey (23 August 1901 - 28 February 1973), the then head of the Denham and Pinewood studio camera departments.
The stated objectives at the formation of the BSC were
There were originally 55 members. Currently there are 230 full, honorary, associate and patron members. For a British cinematographer, membership of the BSC is an affirmation of the high standard of their craft. The members of the British Society of Cinematographers are entitled to use "BSC" as postnominals in motion picture and television credits.
In popular culture.
In the 1981 film "The Great Muppet Caper", Kermit and Fozzie comment on the opening credits as they appear. When the name of the film's cinematographer with its post-nominal letters appears, Fozzie asks, "What does B.S.C. stand for?", to which Kermit perplexedly replies, "I don't know."

</doc>
<doc id="9779893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779893" title="Skip Peete">
Skip Peete

Skip Peete is the running backs coach of the Chicago Bears and the brother of former veteran quarterback Rodney Peete. Prior to being hired by the Bears, he spent six years as the Dallas Cowboys' running backs coach, before which he held the same position with the Oakland Raiders for nine seasons. He also has experience in college, coaching running backs for two years at UCLA, wide receivers at Michigan State and Rutgers, and both running backs and wide receivers at the University of Pittsburgh.
In college, Peete was an All-Big Eight Conference receiver in 1985 with the Kansas Jayhawks. In 1988, Peete became a graduate assistant with the Panthers, and in his final two seasons with Pitt, he coached future Pro Football Hall of Famer Curtis Martin. In his two seasons at Michigan State, he coached Muhsin Muhammad and Derrick Mason, who both went on to have successful NFL careers. During his stay at UCLA, he coached running back Skip Hicks to back-to-back 1,000 yard rushing seasons and 20 plus touchdowns and a Pac-10 record 55 career touchdowns. With the Raiders, Tyrone Wheatley and LaMont Jordan recorded career highs in rushing yards with 1,046 in 2000 and 1,025 in 2005, respectively. During the 2002 Raiders season, Peete coached running back Charlie Garner to 962 yards rushing yards on 182 attempts to go along with 941 yards receiving on 91 catches. In 2007, his first year with the Cowboys, Peete helped Marion Barber make his first career Pro Bowl after rushing for career-highs in rushing yards (975) and touchdowns (10). Two years later, Peete guided the Cowboys running game to a franchise-record 4.8 yards per carry. He was subsequently hired by the Bears, reuniting him with former Raiders offensive coordinator and current Bears head coach Marc Trestman.
Personal life.
Peete's father Willie also served as running backs coach for the Bears from 1995-97 before becoming a team scout. Peete and his wife Rebeca welcomed twins, Reeco (son) and Gisele (daughter) in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9779897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779897" title="Bremen-Vegesack–Bremen railway">
Bremen-Vegesack–Bremen railway

The Bremen-Vegesack – Bremen railway line connects the northern parts of Bremen with the city centre. It was opened in 1862, is long and fully electrified with two tracks. The line shares its tracks with the Bremen-Bremerhaven railway line between Bremen-Burg and Bremen Hauptbahnhof.
The line mostly carries commuter trains; RegionalBahn double deck trains in push-pull operation with Class 111 engines run in 30-minute intervals on the line. Some trains continue past Bremen Hauptbahnhof toward Verden.

</doc>
<doc id="9779912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779912" title="STFC">
STFC

STFC can stand for:
STFC may also refer to one of the following association football clubs:
In England:
In Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="9779915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779915" title="Helicidae">
Helicidae

The Helicidae, sometimes known as the typical snails, are a taxonomic family of small to large, air-breathing, land snails. In other words, they are terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
A number of species in this family are valued as food items, including "Helix aspersa" the garden snail, and "Helix pomatia" the "escargot". The biology of these two species in particular has been much studied.
Shell description.
The shells of these snails are mostly rather globular in shape. In some genera, such as "Cepaea", the shells are brightly colored and patterned.
Anatomy.
The animal is capable of complete retraction within the shell. The tail is without a mucous gland or projection.
The mouth is always provided with a jaw, which is striate, ribbed, sulcate or plicate, sometimes composed of several imbricating pieces. The radula is composed of many transverse horizontal series of teeth, the centrals tricuspidate, about the size of the laterals, laterals bicuspid, or tricuspid with the interior cusp obsolete, marginals usually wider than high, short with two or three small cusps.
In the soft parts the most obvious distinction is the lack of a caudal mucous pit, and their possessing a sculptured jaw. Typically, there is a distinction in the dentition, although in some species the lateral teeth take on a pseudozonitoid appearance; even in such cases the extreme marginals in "Helix" remain short and very obtuse.
This family of snails is defined by the anatomical presence of a diverticulum. Some genera within this family create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior. These snails have one dart apparatus. The dart sac has no accessory sac, and contains two tubular glands, inserted at the base of the dart sac.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 21 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Distribution.
The family is native to Eurasia and belongs the Western Palearctic group.
However some of the species, for example "Helix aspersa", have been introduced and become established in numerous different areas worldwide.
Many accidental introductions happen because the eggs of most Helicidae are laid in the soil, and they may thus easily travel unnoticed along with landscaping plants.
Genera.
The family Helicidae contains 2 subfamilies (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005) and genera within the family Helicidae include (after Fauna Europaea and Taxonomy Browser):
Subfamily Helicinae Rafinesque, 1815 - In this subfamily the glands are divided. The love dart has four blades or vanes. There are two penial papillae.
Subfamily Ariantinae Mörch, 1864 - in this subfamily the glands are divided or undivided. The love darts contain two to four blades. There is only one penial papilla.

</doc>
<doc id="9779922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779922" title="In-Fidelity Recordings">
In-Fidelity Recordings

In-Fidelity Recordings is a record label founded in September 2002 by Bruce Milne and Steven Stavrakis.
Bruce Milne established the Au Go Go label and Stavrakis was co-founder of Waterfront Records and Fellaheen. Between them they have worked with such seminal Australian acts as Magic Dirt, Spiderbait, Ratcat, The Meanies, The Hardons, The Scientists, Ben Lee, Snout and Eastern Dark. They have also been involved in introducing international acts such as Sonic Youth, Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Pavement, Dinosaur Jr, Mudhoney and The Butthole Surfers to an Australian audience.
The first release on the label was the debut album from The Datsuns. The band had been feted by major labels around the world, finally signing a one album deal with V2 Records in all territories outside Australia and New Zealand where they chose to go with In-Fidelity. The Datsuns’ debut album was released on 16 October 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9779959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779959" title="Bremen-Oslebshausen station">
Bremen-Oslebshausen station

Bremen-Oslebshausen is a railway station located on the Vegesack-Bremen and Bremen-Bremerhaven railway lines. Only services on the Vegesack-Bremen line call at the station, services to and from Bremerhaven pass through without stopping.

</doc>
<doc id="9779961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779961" title="Semantic layer">
Semantic layer

A semantic layer is a business representation of corporate data that helps end users access data autonomously using common business terms. Developed and patented by Business Objects, it maps complex data into familiar business terms such as product, customer, or revenue to offer a unified, consolidated view of data across the organization.
By using common business terms, rather than data language, to access, manipulate, and organize information, it simplifies the complexity of business data. These business terms are stored as objects in a universe, accessed through business views.
Universes enable business users to access and analyze data stored in a relational database and OLAP cubes. This is claimed to be core business intelligence (BI) technology that frees users from IT while ensuring correct results. 
Business Views is a multi-tier system that is designed to enable companies to build comprehensive and specific business objects that help report designers and end users access the information they require. Business Views is intended to enable people to add the necessary business context to their data islands and link them into a single organized Business View for their organization. 
Semantic layer maps tables to classes and columns to objects

</doc>
<doc id="9779980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779980" title="Lida Junction Airport">
Lida Junction Airport

Lida Junction Airport is a public use airport located 14 nautical miles (16 mi, 26 km) south of the central business district of Goldfield, in Esmeralda County, Nevada, United States. The airport is owned by the United States Bureau of Land Management.
History.
The runway was built to provide access to the Kit Cat Ranch. It sits adjacent to the former Cottontail Ranch.
Facilities.
Lida Junction Airport covers an area of at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with a dirt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9779981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779981" title="The Smurfette">
The Smurfette

The Smurfette (French: "La Schtroumpfette") is the third album of the original French-language "Smurfs" comic series. The story has also been made into an episode of the Smurfs animated cartoon show, where the only known significant difference is that Smurfette stays in the village for the rest of the show's run. Apart from the titular story, it contains another one called "La Faim des Schtroumpfs" (""The Hunger of the Smurfs"").
Plot.
"The Smurfette".
Gargamel wants to take revenge against the Smurfs for his humiliating defeat at their hands. He decides that the most horrible plan to destroy them would be to send them a female Smurf, who shall seduce them and lead them to their doom. He thus fashions her out of clay and dips her in a potion, creating Smurfette.
Smurfette is sent to the Smurf village, and the others befriend her, despite that she later proves to be annoying albeit good-meaning. She is very talkative, a bit bossy, overly friendly, and hysterical. At first, Smurfette looks like a male Smurf with scraggly black hair, a large nose, and rather surly eyes, the only thing separating her from the rest being her white dress; not exactly the attractive temptress that Gargamel tried to create.
Some of the Smurfs become sick of her, so they decide to play a trick: they make her think she has become overweight (by rigging a scale, setting in a misshaping mirror, making her listen to some nasty talk...). Becoming depressed, she realizes that she is not pretty and Papa Smurf decides to help her: he operates "plastic smurfery" on her for days and nights, and Smurfette comes out with blonde hair, more delicate features, longer eyelashes, walking and acting much more gracefully.
All the Smurfs instantly fall in love with her and soon after, they all try to seduce her through different means. The competition and jealousy eventually bring chaos and violence among the Smurfs, who are ready for anything to please her, even painting the dam of the river pink.
The last straw is when Smurfette forces Poet Smurf to open the dam for her, just so she could see the water spurting. The dam gets stuck open and the village is flooded. Even after the dam is sealed back up, the village is in a disastrous state. When Papa Smurf discovers that Smurfette is indirectly responsible, he tells her that she has only brought trouble. Furious, Smurfette tells them all that she shall then go back to Gargamel. After hearing this, Papa Smurf orders her arrested and places her on trial.
The trial proves to be quite biased, most of the Smurfs supporting Smurfette's innocence. Jokey Smurf (who is Smurfette's attorney) reminds them that she has been able to seduce the Smurfs because of Papa Smurf, who made her attractive. Smurfette is eventually declared not guilty.
Smurfette can't stand the Smurfs fighting each other for her anymore, so leaves the village indefinitely, leaving a message saying that she will be back one day (which she eventually does).
Although they are saddened by the event, Papa Smurf cheers them up by telling that they should get revenge on Gargamel and give him a taste of his own medicine: they create a fat ugly human woman out of clay (as Gargamel did with Smurfette) and send her to his house, where she desperately asks him for shelter, speaking in Smurf talk. The story ends with Gargamel running away from her, grumbling that he shall take vengeance.
"The Hunger of the Smurfs".
Winter is near and the Smurfs are gathering food. But days after the winter comes, the food storage is destroyed in a fire. To survive, they are forced to leave the village and find a place where they can feed themselves. After long days journeying in the cold wilderness, they find a human castle where its lord is living alone after losing all his fortune. Trying to find remaining food, they stumble on a secret room of jewels. They share their discovery with the lord, who can then buy food for them. The Smurfs are then able to go back to the village.
In other media.
When the Smurfette story was adapted for the cartoon show, the plastic smurfery was moved to after the dam incident and the subsequent trial. With the trial, all the Smurfs are depicted as angrily well aware of Smurfette's treachery and change their minds only when she confesses that she is a pawn of Gargamel.
Some time after Smurfette gets her new look, Gargamel contacts her and after noting that she's changed, he tells her that he can help her repay the Smurfs with a surprise party by the big oak tree. Of course, it turns out to be a trap. Fortunately, Smurfette arrives late and after discovering that she had been tricked, she disguises herself as a male Smurf, rescues the other Smurfs, and defeats Gargamel. The episode ends with Gargamel running away from the homely human woman the Smurfs created while Smurfette, with her loyalty now clearly established, fully welcomed in the Smurf community.

</doc>
<doc id="9779999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9779999" title="Nathanael Carpenter">
Nathanael Carpenter

Nathanael Carpenter (1589–"ca."1628) was an English author, philosopher, and geographer.
Life.
He was son of John Carpenter, rector of Northleigh, Devon, and was born there on 7 February 1589. He matriculated at St. Edmund Hall, Oxford, on 7 June 1605; but was elected, on a recommendatory letter of James I, a Devonshire fellow of Exeter College on 30 June 1607. A second Devonshire candidate, Michael Jermyn, obtained an equal number of votes; the vice-chancellor gave his decision in favour of Carpenter. The dates of Carpenter's degrees were: Bachelor of Arts 5 July 1610, Master of Arts 1618, Bachelor of Divinity 11 May 1620, Doctor of Divinity 1626. During his residence at Oxford he is said to have become a noted philosopher, poet, mathematician, and geographer. One of his pupils at the university was Sir William Morice, secretary of state 1660–8, a politician with religious views similar to his tutor's Calvinism.
Matthew Sutcliffe nominated him a member of Chelsea College, and Archbishop James Ussher brought him to Ireland, where he was appointed schoolmaster of the king's wards in Dublin (wards being minors of property whose parents were Roman Catholics). Carpenter's death is said to have occurred at Dublin in the beginning of 1628, and his funeral sermon was preached by Robert Ussher.
Works.
His earliest work "Philosophia libera triplici exercitationum decade proposita" was an attack on the Aristotelian system of philosophy, and appeared at Frankfurt in 1621, under the pseudonym "N. C. Cosmopolitanus." Later editions were issued under his name in 1622, 1636, and 1675. His treatise of "Geography Delineated Forth in Two Books" was published in 1625, and republished in 1685. Three sermons entitled "Achitophel, or the Picture of a Wicked Politician", preached to the University of Oxford and dedicated to James Ussher, are stated to have appeared in 1627, 1628, 1629, 1638, 1638, and 1642. The first edition was called in, and the passages against Arminianism were removed. After his death there appeared (1633 and 1640) a sermon, "Chorazin and Bethsaida's Woe", which he had preached at St. Mary's, Oxford. The dedication by N. H. was to Thomas Winniffe, and asserts that but for a kinsman the manuscript might have been lost on the Dutch shores, as Carpenter's works on optics were in the Irish Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="9780004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780004" title="2007 UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400">
2007 UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400

The 2007 UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400 was the third race in the 2007 NASCAR Nextel Cup season, which took place on March 11, 2007, at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The race was the first at the newly refurbished track, which now has a progressive banking in the turns on the 1.5-mile D-shaped oval, a new garage area which is fan-friendly known as "The Neon Garage" named for the lighted signs through the city's gambling areas, and a new pit road that was built closer to the grandstands.
Race summary.
Jimmie Johnson won his third straight Nextel Cup race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, defeating teammate Jeff Gordon by 2.795 seconds. Gordon finished in second place for the second straight time. Denny Hamlin was third, Matt Kenseth fourth and Mark Martin fifth.[http://www.jayski.com/stats/2007/results/3lvms2007results.htm]
Martin retained his points lead after three races with 495 points, six ahead of Gordon.[http://www.jayski.com/stats/2007/standings/3lvms2007points.htm]
Because of the new asphalt concerns, NASCAR cut the size of fuel cells from 18 gallons to 13 gallons, similar to what had been used on restrictor plate tracks from October 2002 until October 2006, and also for the two 2006 races at Lowe's Motor Speedway to force more pit stops to change tires.
Results.
†-Rookie of the Year candidate
Failed to qualify.
The following 10 drivers failed to qualify for the race: A.J. Allmendinger‡ (#84), Mike Bliss (#49), John Andretti (#37), Brian Vickers (#83), David Reutimann‡ (#00), Jeremy Mayfield (#36), Brandon Whitt‡ (#72), Kevin Lepage (#34), Michael Waltrip (#55), and Ken Schrader (#47). 
Allmendinger, Bliss, Mayfield, and Whitt have missed all three races for which they have attempted to qualify. Waltrip has missed the last two. Reutimann had made both previous races. Vickers had missed the Daytona 500 and made the Auto Club 500. Schrader missed making a field for the first time since the November 2003 Ford 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
Also of note: Regan Smith‡ was to have qualified in the #39 car, but the car was withdrawn and Smith did not make an attempt.

</doc>
<doc id="9780005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780005" title="Roberto Rivera (soccer)">
Roberto Rivera (soccer)

Roberto Rivera (born September 29, 1980) is a Mexican football player who plays as a Forward for Chivas de Guadalajara.
Rivera is a player who has been coming up through the ranks in several youth club teams such as Mexiquense and Cobras. He began playing for Chivas' youth teams in 2005 with club Chivas Coras in Tepic, Nayarit. He currently plays in the Primera División A for club Tapatío as well as Chivas. Roberto made his debut with Chivas in the 2005-2006 season. He played in Chivas' game against W Connection in the 2006-2007 CONCACAF Champions' League.

</doc>
<doc id="9780040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780040" title="Chill Factor (novel)">
Chill Factor (novel)

Chill Factor is the fifteenth book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
Arriving in New Mexico via a MAT-TRANS jump, Ryan Cawdor, Krysty Wroth, J. B. Dix, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, and Mildred Wyeth are met by Jak Lauren, who informs them that Ryan's son Dean was ambushed and kidnapped by slavers while he was left in Jak's care. Jak's wife, Christina, was able to capture a mortally wounded slaver and under torture extract information about the group he belongs to. All are surprised to learn that the group is not regional, but instead makes use of the MAT-TRANS chambers and their "last destination" setting to capture slaves from throughout the Deathlands. What is most troubling for Ryan, however, is the name of the group's leader: Major-Commandant Gregori Zimyanin, a man Ryan has encountered two times previously.
After taking a day to rest at the Lauren ranch and construct a plan, Ryan and Jak set out alone to rescue Dean, not taking the entire group so as to better function covertly. Though they anticipate a cold destination based on various clues and statements from the captured slaver, both are only minimally prepared when the MAT-TRANS jump takes them to a brutally cold redoubt. As they make their way through the facility they come across three "cuddlies", small, furred, foot-long animals reputed to be both highly friendly and cute. This turns out to be only half true, which Jak and Ryan both discover when the seemingly benign cuddlies turn vicious once they get close to the pair. After a struggle, both are able to kill the surprisingly lethal animals. Ryan narrowly avoids injury, but Jak is wounded in a few places, the worst being a long cut on his jaw which refuses to stop bleeding. Though not lethal if treated, the wound is severe enough that it will likely become infected and gangrenous in the bitter cold. Both Jak and Ryan agree there is no other choice, and Jak returns to New Mexico through the MAT-TRANS.
Ryan reaches the exit of the redoubt and immediately spots the slavers' base: a large sulfur mine, well-guarded and operated by slave labor, surrounded on all sides by barren, mountainous terrain. He decides to wait until nightfall to make his approach, and ventures further into the redoubt to find a place to rest. While exploring an abandoned testing office Ryan inadvertently activates a set of five prototype "sec hunters": androids programmed to identify a target by their DNA and then hunt them ceaselessly. Ryan only becomes aware of this several hours later, when the first 'droid appears and tries to kill him. The sec hunter proves all but impervious to gunfire, but with some difficulty Ryan manages to destroy the 'droid by pushing it off the edge of a cliff. His victory is short-lived, as a few hours later the second sec hunter attacks, nearly killing him while he sleeps. After defeating the second hunter, Ryan heads to the test chamber to meet the third as it activates; eventually it does, but malfunctions spectacularly, attacking and destroying itself. The fourth and fifth sec hunters do not activate, and Ryan cautiously departs with the hope that the onslaught is over.
Ryan makes his way down the treacherous mountain path and is eventually forced to seek shelter from a harsh blizzard. He finds the entrance to an abandoned mine tunnel, occupied by Kate Webb and her elderly grandfather Cody, two slaves who have escaped from the mine but have discovered they have nowhere to flee to. Cody is abruptly killed soon after when the fourth sec hunter emerges from the blizzard, following Ryan and killing Cody because he was in the way. Kate and Ryan flee deeper into the mine, eventually losing the 'droid by jumping over a large chasm blocking the tunnel. Venturing deeper they discover a fast-moving underground river, which unexpectedly swells and draws them into it. They are briefly stopped by a net strung across the river by "trackies" - hostile mutants - and after nearly being killed by a large group of them Kate and Ryan take their chances in the river again. When the finally find themselves outside again and on land Ryan narrowly manages to get both of them to the shelter of a small cave and start a fire before they succumb to the cold. Grateful for him saving her life, Kate seduces Ryan into having sex with her.
Back in New Mexico Jak has returned safely home. During breakfast one morning he mentions that Christina has been ill recently; at Doc Tanner's questioning he confirms that his wife has been sick only in the mornings, but fails to understand the significance. Sometime later the companions notice a large dust cloud moving in their direction. Christina, equipped with binoculars, can make out a slow-moving group of horses and people at its center, but cannot tell if they are simply another peaceful oxen train or something else. Preparations begin for either eventuality.
The next morning Ryan and Kate sneak into the sulphur mine, slipping unnoticed into a work crew and passing themselves off as other slaves. From there Ryan and Kate attempt to locate Dean, carefully moving from crew to crew over the next several days. Meanwhile Dean is doing his best to avoid the attention of Zimyanin, who has met the boy a few times over the past days and finds him unsettlingly familiar, but cannot place why. The Major-Commandant only realizes the connection several days later, conveniently when Dean is recovering from a near-fatal mine collapse in the infirmary and Ryan himself has been detained in chains for disobeying sec men while attempting to rescue his son. Zimyanin arrives at Ryan's jail just minutes too late; Kate has managed to kill the jail's guards and free Ryan, and both are gone by the time Zimyanin arrives. The Major-Commandant posts extra guards on Dean, but Ryan stages a mass escape, forcing most of Zimyanin's sec men to round up escaped slaves. Ryan and Kate rescue Dean in the confusion and flee to a disused mining equipment warehouse. Fearing the possibility of a revolt, Gregori orders all remaining slaves executed.
Zimyanin has his sec men surround the warehouse, then proceeds in alone. The game of cat-and-mouse between him and Ryan is interrupted when the fourth sec hunter makes itself known by decapitating Kate. Dean and Ryan flee from the 'droid along elevated metal catwalks with Zimyanin in pursuit; the three of them wind up trapped between a fallen section of catwalk and the advancing sec hunter. Ryan negotiates a brief truce with the Major-Commandant, carefully leaving out that the sec hunter is primarily interested him alone. Zimyanin attempts to confront the 'droid head-on, which ends with the robot breaking his right arm. The brief confrontation causes the catwalk to shift and drop slightly, which the robot has difficulty coping with; noticing this, the three deliberately rock the catwalk violently, eventually causing one end of a section to break free and drop. Zimyanin blocks a last-ditch effort by the sec hunter to attack Ryan and forcibly throws it from the catwalk to its destruction, but ends up hanging one-handed from a severed support cable. Despite the risks (and against the oft-repeated advice of the Trader) Ryan moves to help Gregori back onto the catwalk. However, Dean refuses to let him live, taking aim with his pistol at the Major-Commandant. Rather than force the young boy to kill him, Zimyanin deliberately lets go, falling to his death. Ryan and his son make their way down from the catwalk and escape to the redoubt under the cover of a snowstorm.
The MAT-TRANS takes Ryan and Dean back to New Mexico without incident. As they exit the ruins of the redoubt Ryan spots a large column of smoke in the distance, coming from the direction of the Lauren ranch.
Cultural references.
As Ryan and Jak are riding away from the Lauren farm, Doc Tanner runs after them for a moment while calling out, "Shane," mirroring the end of the film of the same name.
While attempting to shake the sec hunter from the warehouse walkway, Zimyanin refers to Ryan and Dean as his "droogs", a fictional slang word for "friends" featured in A Clockwork Orange.

</doc>
<doc id="9780041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780041" title="Pimpin' Ain't Dead">
Pimpin' Ain't Dead

"Pimpin' Ain't Dead" is the fifth album released by rap group, Do or Die. It was released on August 19, 2003 for Rap-A-Lot Records/Virgin Records. The album peaked at #115 on the Billboard 200 and #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="9780057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780057" title="London Buses route E1">
London Buses route E1

London Buses route E1 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Greenford and Ealing Broadway station, it is operated by Abellio London.
History.
Route E1 was established on 30 November 1968 as a flat-fare route from Greenford to Brentford via Ealing Broadway station, West Ealing and Hanwell. It replaced parts of two former routes: the 211 between Greenford and Ealing Broadway, and the 255 between Hanwell and Brentford.
The route was initially operated by MBS-class AEC Merlins out of Hanwell garage (HL). On 7 December 1975, it was converted to double-deck operation using DMS-class Daimler Fleetlines, which in turn were replaced by MCW Metrobuses in 1981.
When London Buses Limited was split into eleven pre-privatisation subsidiaries in late 1988, route E1 came under the control of CentreWest. In November 1990, the Ealing – Brentford section became stand-alone route E8. At the same time, the E1 was converted to minibus operation using RW-class Wright Nimbus-bodied Renault S75s, marketed under the name of "E-Line", though Monday to Friday peak services continued to be operated by Metrobuses.
Hanwell garage closed on 27 March 1993, following which the RWs transferred to the new Greenford garage (G), while the MCW Metrobuses moved to Alperton (ON).
CentreWest was privatised in a management buyout in September 1994, before being acquired by FirstBus in March 1997. Shortly afterwards, on 24 May 1997, the company retained the E1 upon re-tendering of the route, and duly replaced the RWs and Metrobuses. Monday to Saturday operation was taken over by Leyland Olympians transferred from London Buslines (which CentreWest had acquired the previous year), and Sunday operation by Marshall Capital-bodied Dennis Dart SLFs. At the same time, the Alperton allocation was withdrawn.
On 25 May 2002, route E1 returned to double-deck operation with Plaxton President bodied Dennis Trident 2s, after First London again retained the route upon it being re-tendered. In May 2009, First London retained route E1 introducing new Alexander Dennis Enviro400s.
On 22 June 2013, route E1 was included in the sale of First London's Greenford (G) garage to Metroline.
On 31 May 2014, Abellio London commenced operating route E1 with new Alexander Dennis Enviro400Hs.

</doc>
<doc id="9780058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780058" title="Helicigona lapicida">
Helicigona lapicida

Helicigona lapicida is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.
Anatomy.
This species of snail makes and uses love darts during mating.
Distribution.
This species is native to Europe, especially central Europe.
Shell description.
The shell of this species is approximately 20 mm in maximum dimension. The periphery of the shell is sharply keeled. There is a wide umbilicus. The peristome around the aperture is white and strongly reflected and lipped.
The shell color is grey-brown with some red brown patches.
References.
Janus, Horst, 1965. "The young specialist looks at land and freshwater molluscs", Burke, London

</doc>
<doc id="9780066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780066" title="Euler summation">
Euler summation

In the mathematics of convergent and divergent series, Euler summation is a summability method. That is, it is a method for assigning a value to a series, different from the conventional method of taking limits of partial sums. Given a series Σ"a""n", if its Euler transform converges to a sum, then that sum is called the Euler sum of the original series. As well as being used to define values for divergent series, Euler summation can be used to speed the convergence of series.
Euler summation can be generalized into a family of methods denoted (E, "q"), where "q" ≥ 0. The (E, 0) sum is the usual (convergent) sum, while (E, 1) is the ordinary Euler sum. All of these methods are strictly weaker than Borel summation; for "q" > 0 they are incomparable with Abel summation.
Definition.
Euler summation is particularly used to accelerate the convergence of alternating series and allows evaluating divergent sums.
To justify the approach notice that for interchanged sum, Euler's summation reduces to the initial series, because
This method itself cannot be improved by iterated application, as 

</doc>
<doc id="9780092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780092" title="2007 COSAFA Cup">
2007 COSAFA Cup

The 2007 COSAFA Cup was the 11th edition of the tournament. It was won by South Africa who beat Zambia 4-3 on penalties after a 0-0 draw after extra time.
Format.
In the first round, 12 teams were divided into 3 groups of 4 teams each. Each group played a knockout tournament. The winners of each group joined Zambia (holders) into the final round.
First round.
Group A.
played in Estádio da Machava, Maputo, Mozambique
Group B.
played in Somhlolo National Stadium, Lobamba, Swaziland
Group C.
played in Botswana National Stadium Gaborone, Botswana
Final round.
Final.
<br>
External links.
2007 COSAFA Cup at RSSSF archives

</doc>
<doc id="9780100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780100" title="John Hastings (trainer)">
John Hastings (trainer)

John Hastings (born July 5, 1964 in Newport News, Virginia), is an American rugby league footballer who plays for the Fairfax Eagles in the AMNRL. and is a former strength and conditioning coach for the Washington Redskins and San Diego Chargers. He earned his degree in psychology and physical therapy from Ohio University in 1987. Hastings originally joined the Redskins organization in 2002 as an assistant strength and conditioning coach. He heads up the Redskins strength and conditioning development program for the third consecutive season.
Hastings works closely with fellow strength and conditioning coaches Bobby Crumpler and Harrison Bernstein in overseeing the Redskins' off-season workout program, and getting Washington's players in peak playing condition for training camp and the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="9780111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780111" title="Milkweed (disambiguation)">
Milkweed (disambiguation)

Milkweed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9780117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780117" title="Truth (Talisman album)">
Truth (Talisman album)

Truth was the fifth studio album by Swedish hard rock band Talisman released on 27 December 1998 by Point Music.
Marcel Jacob and Jeff Scott Soto wrote most of the material during ten days in Soto's new house in Los Angeles, after which the rest of the band (now including guitar player Pontus Norgren) joined up for a couple of weeks of rehearsals and recording of backing tracks. Drums were laid down in a small studio, and the rest was done in Soto's home studio. The mixing took place in Boston, by John Ellis.
The album was released by Point Music for Europe, and Pony Canyon in Japan. Once again there was no touring done for an album, due to the lack of interest by either label to promote the act. The album was not very well received in the press either. Despite this, there are some excellent tracks, not the least the cover of Madonna's "Frozen" which apparently became very popular in clubs throughout Europe.
"Let Me Entertain You" is a cover-version of (Queen)'s song, "Darling Nikki" a cover-version of Prince's song and "Frozen" a cover-version of Madonna's song.

</doc>
<doc id="9780125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780125" title="Color framing">
Color framing

In video engineering, color framing refers to the color frame sequence of fields in a composite video signal through which the video frame timing and chrominance subcarrier signal timing—in particular, that of the color burst -- cycle through all possible phase relationships.
The exact nature of the color frame sequence depends on the video standard being used. In the case of the three main composite video standards, PAL video has an 8-field (4 frame) color frame sequence, and NTSC and SECAM both have 4-field (2 frame) color frame sequences.
Preserving the color framing sequence of video across edits and between channels in video effects was an important issue in early analog composite videotape editing systems, as cuts between different color sequences would cause jumps in subcarrier phase, and mixing two signals of different field dominance would result in color artifacts on the part of the signal that was not in sync with the output color frame sequence. 
To help prevent these problems, SMPTE time code contains a color framing bit, which can be used to indicate that the video material the timecode refers to follows a standard convention regarding the synchronization of video time code and the color framing sequence. If the color framing bit was set in both types of material, the editing system could then always ensure that color framing was preserved by constraining edit decisions between input sources to keep the correct relationship between the timecode sequences, and hence the color framing sequences.
Color framing has become largely an issue of historical interest, first with the advent in the 1980s of digital composite video timebase correctors and frame stores, which could regenerate the color frame sequence of a composite signal at any phase, and later with analog component video editing and modern digital video systems, in which subcarrier phase is no longer relevant. 

</doc>
<doc id="9780130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780130" title="Castle Rock (volcano)">
Castle Rock (volcano)

Castle Rock is a volcanic plug located west of Iskut and 8 km northwest of Tuktsayda Mountain in British Columbia, Canada. Castle Rock is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire that includes over 160 active volcanoes and is in the Klastline Group, Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province and last erupted in the Pleistocene.
Castle Rock is one of the top 10 Canadian volcanoes with recent seismic activity, the others include: Mount Edziza volcanic complex, Mount Cayley, Hoodoo Mountain, The Volcano, Crow Lagoon, Mount Silverthrone, Mount Meager, Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field and Mount Garibaldi.

</doc>
<doc id="9780146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780146" title="Lorenzo Coullaut Valera">
Lorenzo Coullaut Valera

Lorenzo Coullaut Valera (1876—1932) was a Spanish sculptor. Born in Marchena, he grew up in Nantes where his family had moved. He studied at the Livet Lyceum and returned to Spain in 1893. At Seville, he studied at the studios of Susillo and Agustí Querol Subirats.
With the support of his uncle, Juan Valera, whose bust he sculpted, Coullaut Valera participated in the National Exposition of Belles Artes in 1897, and received Honorable Mention. Much of the work of Coullaut Valera can be seen in public squares in cities across Spain, as well as in Latin America. He died in Madrid.
Federico Coullaut-Valera, his son, was also a sculptor who has designed public monuments.

</doc>
<doc id="9780147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780147" title="Chelmos Observatory">
Chelmos Observatory

The Chelmos Observatory () is an observatory located at the top of mount Chelmos, near Kalavryta, southern Greece. It is the largest research infrastructure of the National Observatory of Athens. The observatory was completed and first opened in 2001. Its main equipment is the Aristarchos 2.3 m Telescope, manufactured by German company Carl Zeiss AG. With the finance from the universities of Patras and Manchester. 

</doc>
<doc id="9780154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780154" title="Medac">
Medac

medac GmbH is a privately owned German pharmaceutical company based in Hamburg, Wedel and Tornesch 
medac specializes in therapeutic agents for the treatment of oncological, urological and autoimmune diseases and their related symptoms. medac also produces therapeutics for fibrinolysis along with diagnostic agents for infection diagnostics and oncology diagnostics. The corporation owns 50% of two subsidiaries, Oncotec GmbH in Dessau Germany and oncomed a.s. in the Czech Republic city of Brno, for the production of highly effective, sterile pharmaceuticals like cytostatics. In addition to generic products, medac has also developed its own products, which primarily covers therapeutic niches (e.g. EMA-approved Gliolan).
In addition to therapeutic agents, medac also markets diagnostic agents. The portfolio includes more than 40 infection diagnostics based on serological testing for bacterial and viral infections (antibody detection) and direct detection methods for bacteria, fungi and viruses using the PCR (polymerase chain reaction) technique. medac also provides reagent solutions for tissue differentiation of tumour samples.
History.
medac GmbH, corporation for special clinical preparations, was founded in April 1970 in Hamburg by Wilfried Mohr, Claus-Olaf Welding, Dr. Werner Mai and Ernst Voss. The objective was to produce clotting preparations and pursue the production of fibrinolytics. During this time, they also began marketing diagnostic products (antibodies). Soon after, medac focused on the indication area oncology and began marketing the pharmaceutical preparation Mitomycin C. 
Today the company supply over 50 oncology compounds in a wide range of administration forms for the treatment of different types of cancer. 
In the late 80s a new indication area arose – the treatment of autoimmune diseases. Today, medac supplies Methotrexat, a folic acid antagonist for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, which is available in a several dosage forms.

</doc>
<doc id="9780169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780169" title="The Race Question">
The Race Question

The Race Question is the first of four UNESCO statements about issues of race. It was issued on 18 July 1950 following World War II and Nazi racism. The statement was an attempt to clarify what was scientifically known about race and a moral condemnation of racism. It was criticized on several accounts and revised versions were publicized in 1951, 1967 and 1978.
Authors.
The statements were signed by some of the leading researchers of the time, in the field of sociology, psychology, biology, cultural anthropology and ethnology.
The original statement was drafted by Ernest Beaglehole; Juan Comas; Luiz de Aguiar Costa Pinto; Franklin Frazier, sociologist specialised in race relations studies; Morris Ginsberg, founding chairperson of the British Sociological Association; Humayun Kabir, writer, philosopher, and twice Education Minister of India; Claude Lévi-Strauss, one of the founders of ethnology and leading theorist of cultural relativism; and Ashley Montagu, anthropologist and author of "The Elephant Man: A Study in Human Dignity", who was the rapporteur.
The text was then revised by Ashley Montagu following criticisms submitted by Hadley Cantril; E. G. Conklin; Gunnar Dahlberg; Theodosius Dobzhansky, author of "Genetics and the Origin of Species" (1937); L. C. Dunn; Donald Hager; Julian Huxley, first director of UNESCO and one of the many key contributors to neo-Darwinian synthesis; Otto Klineberg; Wilbert Moore; H. J. Muller; Gunnar Myrdal, author of "" (1944); Joseph Needham, a biochemist specialist of Chinese science; and geneticist Curt Stern.
Introduction.
The introduction states that it was inevitable that UNESCO should take a position in the controversy. The preamble to the UNESCO constitution states that it should combat racism. The constitution itself stated that "The great and terrible war that has now ended was a war made possible by the denial of the democratic principles of the dignity, equality and mutual respect of men, and by the propagation, in their place, through ignorance and prejudice, of the doctrine of the "inequality" of men and races."
A 1948 UN Social and Economic Council resolution called upon UNESCO to consider the timeliness "of proposing and recommending the general adoption of a programme of dissemination of scientific facts designed to bring about the disappearance of that which is commonly called race prejudice." In 1949, the UNESCO adopted three resolutions which committed it to "study and collect scientific materials concerning questions of race", "to give wide diffusion to the scientific material collected", and "to prepare an education campaign based on this information." Before undertaking this campaign, the scientific position had to be clarified.
Furthermore, in doing this
The introduction also stated "Knowledge of the truth does not always help change emotional attitudes that draw their real strength from the subconscious or from factors beside the real issue." But it could "however, prevent rationalizations of reprehensive acts or behaviour prompted by feelings that men will not easily avow openly."
UNESCO also made a moral statement:
UNESCO would start a campaign to spread the results of the report to a "vast public" such as by publishing pamphlets. It described Brazil as having an "exemplary situation" regarding race relations and that research should be undertaken in order to understand the causes of this "harmony".
Criticism and controversy.
Despite the introduction stating that "The competence and objectivity of the scientists who signed the document in its final form cannot be questioned", the first version of the statement was heavily criticized. A revised edition in 1951 explained the controversy as "At the first discussion on the problem of race, it was chiefly sociologists who gave their opinions and framed the ‘Statement on race’. That statement had a good effect, but it did not carry the authority of just those groups within whose special province fall the biological problems of race, namely the physical anthropologists & geneticists. Secondly, the first statement did not, in all its details, carry conviction of these groups and, because of this, it was not supported by many authorities in these two fields. In general, the chief conclusions of the first statement were sustained, but with differences in emphasis and with some important deletions."
Some examples of differences include that the first version argued that there was no evidence for intellectual or personality differences. The revised version stated that "When intelligence tests, even non-verbal, are made on a group of non-literate people, their scores are usually lower than those of more civilised people" but concluded that "Available scientific knowledge provides no basis for believing that the groups of mankind differ in their innate capacity for intellectual and emotional development."
Another that the revised version acknowledged but did not name the 3 major races which were called the Mongoloid, the Negroid, and the Caucasoid in the first version.
The first version stated that "National, religious, geographic, linguistic and cultural groups do not necessarily coincide with racial groups: and the cultural traits of such groups have no demonstrated genetic connection with racial traits. Because serious errors of this kind are habitually committed when the term ‘race’ is used in popular parlance, it would be better when speaking of human races to drop the term ‘race’ altogether and speak of ethnic groups." The revised version instead stated that the experts "agreed to reserve race as the word to be used for anthropological classification of groups showing definite combinations of physical (including physiological) traits in characteristic proportions."
The statement.
The 1951 revised statement stated that Homo sapiens is one species. "The concept of race is unanimously regarded by anthropologists as a classificatory device providing a zoological frame within which the various groups of mankind may be arranged and by means of which studies of evolutionary processes can be facilitated. In its anthropological
sense, the word ‘race’ should be reserved for groups of mankind possessing well-developed and primarily heritable physical differences from other groups." These differences have been caused in part by partial isolation preventing intermingling, geography an important explanation for the major races, often cultural for the minor races. National, religious, geographical, linguistic and cultural groups do not necessarily coincide with racial groups.
Most anthropologists have classified humans into 3 large groups. Such a classification does not depend on any single physical character such as skin color. There is considerable overlap. With respect to most, if not all, measurable characters, the differences among individuals belonging to the same race are greater than the differences that occur between the observed averages for two or more races within the same major group.
Most anthropologists do not include mental characteristics in their classification of human races. "When intelligence tests, even non-verbal, are made on a group of non-literate people, their scores are usually lower than those of more
civilised people." However, overall, available scientific knowledge provides no basis for believing that the groups of mankind differ in their innate capacity for intellectual and emotional development.
There is no evidence for the existence of so-called "pure races" and no scientific justification exists for discouraging reproduction between persons of different races.
Legacy and other UNESCO statements.
The UNESCO later published other similar statements on racism. In 1978, the "UNESCO Declaration on Race and Racial Prejudice" stated that "All peoples of the world possess equal faculties for attaining the highest level in intellectual, technical, social, economic, cultural and political development" and "The differences between the achievements of the different peoples are entirely attributable to geographical, historical, political, economic, social and cultural factors." Unlike the previous statement there was no consultation with scientific experts. It also argued for implementing a number of policies in order to combat racism and inequalities. It also stated that "Population groups of foreign origin, particularly migrant workers and their families who contribute to the development of the host country, should benefit from appropriate measures designed to afford them security and respect for their dignity and cultural values and to facilitate their adaptation to the host environment and their professional advancement with a view to their subsequent reintegration in their country of origin and their contribution to its development; steps should be taken to make it possible for their children to be taught their mother tongue."
A draft of the statement was prepared by the Director-General and "eminent specialists in human rights". It was discussed at a meeting by government representatives from over 100 member states. It was recommended that the representatives should include among them "social scientists and other persons particularly qualified to in the social, political, economic, cultural, and scientific aspects of the problem". A number of non-governmental and inter-governmental organizations sent observers. A final text of was adopted by the meeting of government representatives "by consensus, without opposition or vote" and later by the UNESCO General Conference, Twentieth Session.
In 1995, UNESCO published a "Declaration of Principles on Tolerance" to add to its dialogue about racial equality with recommendations for tolerant treatment of persons with varied racial and cultural backgrounds. It stated "Tolerance is respect, acceptance and appreciation of the rich diversity of our world's cultures, our forms of expression and ways of being human. It is fostered by knowledge, openness, communication, and freedom of thought, conscience and belief. Tolerance is harmony in difference. It is not only a moral duty, it is also a political and legal requirement. Tolerance, the virtue that makes peace possible, contributes to the replacement of the culture of war by a culture of peace."
The 1950 UNESCO statement contributed to the 1954 U.S. Supreme Court desegregation decision in "Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka".

</doc>
<doc id="9780185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780185" title="Bobby Crumpler">
Bobby Crumpler

Bobby Crumpler (born April 23, 1965 in Newton Grove, North Carolina) is the assistant strength and conditioning coach for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League. Before coming to the Redskins, Crumpler spent seven years coaching on the college level, most recently at the University of Kansas in 2002, where he helped build the strength and conditioning program for Jayhawks football. He spent parts of 12 seasons at his alma mater North Carolina State University, where he served in the strength and conditioning department in virtually every capacity including student assistant (1989), graduate assistant (1994–96) and full-time assistant coach (2000–01). Bobby Crumpler is in his sixth season with the Redskins. He helps John Hastings (Trainer) and Harrison Bernstein oversee the Redskins' strength and conditioning efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="9780201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780201" title="Susan Bullock">
Susan Bullock

Susan Margaret Bullock CBE (born 9 December 1958 in Cheshire) is a British soprano. She has performed dramatic soprano parts at major opera houses, and also sung in concert and recital.
Bullock was educated at Cheadle Hulme School, and further at Royal Holloway College, University of London, the Royal Academy of Music and the National Opera Studio. Her talent was first recognised after she received first prize in the 1984 Kathleen Ferrier Award, which led to her being offered roles by the English National Opera.
She developed an international career in the mid-1990s as she moved increasingly into late-Romantic and 20th Century German opera repertoire, with engagements at the Frankfurt Opera and Garsington Opera, where she sang Helen in the first British performance of Richard Strauss' "Die ägyptische Helena" in 1998. Her assumption of Isolde in Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde" in productions at Opera North, Leeds and the English National Opera confirmed her command of the dramatic soprano repertoire. She sang Brunnhilde in "Der Ring des Nibelungen" first in Tokyo, and in 2007 performed the role in the first complete Ring cycle by the Canadian Opera Company in their new Toronto opera house.
She made her debut at both La Scala, Milan and the Metropolitan Opera, New York in the title role of Richard Strauss' "Elektra". In 2009, she received the Royal Philharmonic Society's award for best singer for her assumption of Elektra in a production at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. She had made her Covent Garden debut previously as Marie in Berg's "Wozzeck".
She sang Brunnhilde in all performances of "Der Ring des Nibelungen" at Covent Garden in the London Olympic Year, Autumn 2012. Recordings notably include Richard Strauss' "Salome" in the Chandos "Opera in English" series conducted Sir Charles Mackerras, and live performances of the Frankfurt Ring cycle, conducted by Sebastian Weigle. Other houses she has sung in include Dresden, Berlin Staatsoper, Teatro Colón (Buenos Aires), Sydney Opera House, La Monnaie (Brussels), Prinzregententheater (Munich), Lisbon and Toulouse. She sings in several languages—her performances include Janáček in Czech, and she has sung contemporary as well as the classical repertoire. 
She was the solo soprano at the 2011 Last Night of the Proms on 10 September 2011, performing Brunnhilde's Immolation Scene from Act 3 of Götterdämmerung in Richard Wagner's Ring Cycle, as well as the traditional Rule, Britannia and Land of Hope and Glory. 
She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to opera.

</doc>
<doc id="9780202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780202" title="Arianta arbustorum">
Arianta arbustorum

Arianta arbustorum is a medium-sized species of land snail, sometimes known as the "copse snail", a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae.
Subspecies.
Several subspecies are recognized by some authors:
Distribution.
This species is native to Europe:
"Arianta arbustorum" is introduced to North America, but is only known from Canada, where established populations are known from Newfoundland, New Brunswick, Ontario, and Prince Edward Island.
This species has not yet become established in the USA, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.
Description.
The shell is usually brown with numerous pale yellowish rows of spots and usually with a brown band above the periphery, occasionally yellowish, reddish or with greenish hue, weakly striated and with fine spiral lines on the upper side. The shell has 5-5.5 convex whorls with deep suture. The last whorl is slightly descending near the aperture. The aperture is with prominent white lip inside. The apertural margin is reflected. Umbilicus is entirely covered by the reflected columellar margin.
The width of the shell is 18–25 mm. The height of the shell is 12–22 mm. Dimensions are locally variable.
The shell shape is globular in most present-day populations, but originally is believed to have been depressed in the Pleistocene, before lowlands were invaded and shells became globular, re-invading mountain regions except some isolated spots among glaciers.
The animal is usually black.
Life cycle.
"Arianta arbustorum" lives in forests and open habitats of any kind. It requires humidity. It lives also in disturbed habitats (not in Ireland where it is restricted to old native woodland). It may locally tolerate non-calcareous substrate, in north Scotland also on sandhills. In the Alps up to 2700 m, in Britain 1200 m, in Bulgaria 1500 m.
It feeds on green herbs, dead animals and faeces.
If snails hatched more than 50 m distant from each other, they are considered isolated since they would not move more than 25 m (neighbourhood area 32–50 m), usually they move about 7–12 m in a year, mostly along water currents.
This species of snail makes and uses calcareous love darts during mating. Reproduction is usually after copulation, but self-fertilization is also possible. The size of the egg is 3.2 mm. Maturity is reached after 2–4 years. The maximum age up to 14 years.
"Angiostrongylus vasorum" has successfully experimentally infected this snail.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="9780231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780231" title="HNoMS Stegg (1921)">
HNoMS Stegg (1921)

The last of the "Trygg" class of Royal Norwegian Navy torpedo boats was HNoMS "Stegg". Her sister ships were "Trygg" and "Snøgg". The "Trygg" class vessels were the only additions to the Norwegian fleet of torpedo boats between the First and the Second World Wars. At the outbreak of the Second World War the "Trygg" class was mobilised together with eight 2. class and six 1. class torpedo boats. 
"Stegg" was constructed at Horten naval shipyard and had yard number 111. She was named after the Stegg, the Norwegian term for the male grouse.
Second World War.
Intercepting German merchants.
The Stegg had a brief and intense period of service in the Norwegian Campaign after the German invasion of Norway. When the invasion began on 9 April 1940 she was anchored at Skudeneshavn and commanded by Lieutenant H. M. Hansen. She entered the Hardangerfjord on 10 April 1940 and proceeded to capture two German merchant ships; first the 5,295 ton on 12 April 1940 and then the 6,567 ton iron ore laden five days later. Together with the 1. class torpedo boat HNoMS "Sæl", "Stegg" escorted "Afrika" to the port of Odda the same day she was captured. The German crews were held as POWs by Norwegian land forces. 
"Cläre Hugo Stinnes" was used by the Norwegian forces from 14 April as the depot ship of the Hardangerfjord naval air group in Eidfjord. The two captured ships were later to become the centres of battles at Kinsarvik ("Cläre Hugo Stinnes") and Ulvik ("Afrika"). "Afrika", having been captured on her way from Narvik to Germany, ended up being scuttled by her Norwegian captors in the heat of battle at Ulvik, while "Cläre Hugo Stinnes" survived an unsuccessful Kriegsmarine attempted recapture at Kinsarvik and was eventually released with her crew on 2 May 1940 as Norwegian resistance in South Norway collapsed. On her way to Bergen the "Cläre Hugo Stinnes" was attacked by the Royal Navy submarine "Trident" and damaged by gunfire.
Final battle.
The end for "Stegg" came on 20 April 1940 as she was anchored at Herøysund. In the morning the 1,870 ton artillery training ship "Bremse" and the armed whaler "Schiff 221" blocked the "Stegg" in the fjord and attacked her. Early on in the engagement two 57 mm shells from "Schiff 221" hit "Stegg" in the bow, set her ablaze and caused water to start flooding the torpedo boat. The heavier shells of the "Bremse" meanwhile failed to find their target and the burning "Stegg" returned fire against "Schiff 221", hitting the whaler twice with her 76 mm main gun. However, for "Stegg" the war was over, as the fire on board got out of control and her crew had to abandon ship. Soon the fire reached the "Stegg"'s torpedoes and ammunition hold and the ship went up in a large explosion. The entire bow of the ship disappeared and the "Stegg" sank slowly to the bottom of the fjord. The crew got away without serious injuries, despite being bombarded by the two German warships as they fled inland.

</doc>
<doc id="9780233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780233" title="Richard Griffith (general)">
Richard Griffith (general)

Richard Griffith (January 11, 1814 – June 29, 1862) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was mortally wounded at the Battle of Savage's Station during the 1862 Peninsula Campaign. He was one of a number of Confederate generals who were born in the North in Pennsylvania.
Early life and career.
Griffith was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After graduating from Ohio University in Athens, Ohio, he moved to Vicksburg, Mississippi. During the Mexican War, he served as an infantryman with the 1st Mississippi Rifles, where he met and became friends with Colonel Jefferson Davis. 
After the war, he returned to civilian life and made his living as a banker and a U.S. Marshal. He was active in state and local politics, and was elected as the State Treasurer of Mississippi in 1847. He was a member of the antebellum state militia, holding the rank of brigadier general.
Civil War service.
When the Civil War began, Griffith was appointed as the colonel of the 12th Mississippi Infantry in May 1861. He was promoted to brigadier general on November 2 and put in command of a brigade of four Mississippi regiments that became part of Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder's division in April 1862. 
He soon saw action in the Seven Days Battles near Richmond, Virginia. It was during this fighting that General Griffith was mortally wounded. On June 29, 1862, Griffith and his men were pursuing Union soldiers retreating from positions on the Nine Mile Road when they encountered elements of Maj. Gen. Edwin V. Sumner's II Corps near Savage's Station, who were guarding the Union forces' retreat. In heavy artillery fire, Griffith was wounded in his thigh by a shell fragment. 
When he was informed that he was fatally wounded, it is reported that General Griffith said, "If only I could have led my brigade through this battle, I would have died satisfied." Griffith was taken to Richmond, but succumbed to his wounds the same day. He is buried in Greenwood Cemetery in Jackson, Mississippi.
Legacy.
The loss of General Griffith was much lamented by many, including his long-time friend Jefferson Davis. Of the fighting at Savage's Station he wrote, "Our loss was small in numbers, but great in value. Among others who could ill be spared, here fell the gallant soldier, the useful citizen, the true friend and Christian gentleman, Brigadier General Richard Griffith. He had served with distinction in foreign war, and, when the South was invaded, was among the first to take up arms in defense of our rights."
Later in the war, a group of soldier-musicians called "The McLaws Minstrels," serving under Lafayette McLaws and formerly under General Griffith, would play at a theater in Fredericksburg. They charged a modest admission fee, the proceeds from which were used to erect a monument in the Mississippi State Capitol in honor of their fallen commander.

</doc>
<doc id="9780278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780278" title="Mebhydrolin">
Mebhydrolin

Mebhydrolin (INN) or mebhydroline is an antihistamine. It is not available in the United States, but it is in various other countries. It is also called Bexidal (BD) and Diazolin (RU). It is used for symptomatic relief of allergic symptoms caused by histamine release, including nasal allergies and allergic dermatosis.
Mebhydrolin has been shown to enhance the performance-deficit effects of alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="9780288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780288" title="Yassou Maria">
Yassou Maria

Yassou Maria () is the song that was sung by Sarbel, who represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007. It was released as a CD single on March 7, 2007 by Sony BMG Greece. The title track is composed by Alex Papaconstantinou and Marcus Englöf with lyrics by "Mack". "Yassou Maria" went gold in Greece on the June 7, 2007.
Before Eurovision.
Before Eurovision, ERT put together a national final to pick the song and singer to represent Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007. They picked Sarbel, Tamta, and Christos Dantis.
Sarbel enlisted the help of popular Swedish-Greek composer Alex Papakonstantinou who is responsible for big hits by Elena Paparizou.
At the national final, Sarbel was accompanied on stage by four female dancers, with blue lights and fire in the background. He wore black leather pants and a silver shirt. The choreography was complex which led with some problems with his microphone.
The public chose the song as the winner voting 44.45% while the Jury also appointed him the winner giving him 17.46%. All together, he got an average of 39.69% votes.
By order performed:
The CD single was released on March 7, 2007 in Greece and Cyprus by Sony BMG Greece. It includes a duet by Swedish singer Cameron, as well as a remixed song and a Greeklish Version of Yassou Maria. It reached the top position in both countries, being certified gold in Greece.
Visits.
He has visited Istanbul and Sweden. In Istanbul, he visited the markets with huge success of commercial for his song. In Sweden he came bringing with him T-shirts, hats and Cd's for the Greek immigrants in Sweden. He has performed in a famous Swedish bar, and has been shown around Stockholm.
At Eurovision.
The song and singer chosen competed in the Eurovision Final in Helsinki, Finland on May 12, 2007. Greece were not required to sing in the semi-final as Anna Vissi, Greece's entry at the 2006 contest, reached ninth place.
During a draw, Greece was assigned a running order of 10 in the contest. Sarbel appeared after 4 ballads, and before 1 disco song. He went on stage with 4 girls with short dresses. They used the same dance routine as the Greek National Final, but with minor changes. Those changes included the end part, which used ribbons attached to the girls' skirts during the end bridge, with Sarbel as sort of a puppeteer. Later the ribbons were used to make a heart around Sarbel and the girls at the very end.
Greece's entry for the 2007 contest finished in 7th place, 1 point ahead of Armenia and 6 points behind Belarus

</doc>
<doc id="9780297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780297" title="Marathia, Evrytania">
Marathia, Evrytania

Marathia () is a village located in southeastern Evrytania, Greece. It is located near the town of Fragkista. In the 1990s the village became part of the Anatoliki Fragkista. The current population of the village is roughly 100 inhabitants year round. In the summer it grows to almost 500 people. The village is separated into "neighborhoods". The most Northern village is called Amerigani. The central area, also the largest, simply called Meseo or central Marathia. The next part is Kat Maxalas, which is a ghost town. The next and most southern part is Parkio. There is also a small isolated section known as Voilada.
History.
Marathia used to be a relatively large village that composed of over 600-800 families. It was originally inhabited by several Byzantine monasteries. The most prominent was the monastery of the Holy Trinity. It also maintains over ten churches with the largest being the church of Saint Athanasios in central Marathia. The northern part of Marathias, Amiriani, received its name during the Ottoman occupation of Greece. In the 18th century massive revolts took place against the Ottomans. In response the Ottomans placed a small battalion in Amergiani which was led by a soldier named Giannis. He was a rank of Amer in the Ottoman Empire, thus the name Amiriani. During this time the village saw several revolts which burned the village several times before the Greek War of Independence. In the 1950s, a major earthquake struck Evrytania which devastated the area. The neighborhood Kato Maxalas was heavily hit. This resulted in the neighborhood being abandoned as they relocated to Parkio. Prior to this in the late 1940s, vast amounts of the population emigrated to major cities as a result of the Greek Civil War, in which much of the village was occupied by the Communist. The 1960s saw a large exodus of the population to other areas of Greece, mainly Karpenisi, Agrinio, Lamia, and Athens. A large percentage moved to Canada, Australia and the United States mainly in the states of the Eastern Seaboard: New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, and the central areas of North Carolina, in the cities of Winton-Salem, Charlotte and Burlington.

</doc>
<doc id="9780309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780309" title="Valera (disambiguation)">
Valera (disambiguation)

Valera can refer to:
Places
People
Spanish Bible

</doc>
<doc id="9780315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780315" title="London Buses route E3">
London Buses route E3

London Buses route E3 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Greenford and Chiswick, it is operated by London United.
History.
Route E3 was established on 30 November 1968 as a flat-fare route from Greenford to Chiswick via Hanwell, West Ealing, Northfields, Popes Lane, Acton and Turnham Green, replacing part of the former route 55.
The route was initially operated by MBS-class AEC Merlins out of Hanwell garage (HL). These were stationed at both Hanwell (HL) and Turnham Green (V) garages. In 1975 the Merlins were replaced by shorter AEC Swifts, which in turn were replaced by Leyland Nationals in 1978. Double-deck operation was eventually introduced in 1981, provided by MCW Metrobuses.
Turnham Green garage closed in 1980, its allocation transferring to the new Stamford Brook garage. From 1983 route E3 was entirely operated by Hanwell.
When London Regional Transport was split into eleven pre-privatisation subsidiaries in late 1988, route E3 came under the control of CentreWest. In 1990, the route was converted to minibus operation using RW-class Wright Nimbus bodied Renault S75s, marketed under the "E-Line" brand, and the long-closed Acton Tram Depot was re-opened to provide an allocation. In March 1993, Hanwell garage closed, with the RWs transferred to the new Greenford garage.
CentreWest was privatised in a management buyout in September 1994, before being acquired by FirstGroup in March 1997. First London retained route E3 upon it being re-tendered in May 1997, replacing the RWs with Marshall Capital bodied Dennis Dart SLFs. From this point onwards, the route's entire allocation was stationed at Greenford.
On 25 May 2002, route E3 was converted to full low-floor double-deck operation with Plaxton President bodied Dennis Trident 2s, after First London again retained the route upon it being re-tendered. In May 2009, First London retained route E3 introducing new Alexander Dennis Enviro400s.
On 22 June 2013, route E3 was included in the sale of First London's Greenford garage to Metroline. Upon being re-tendered, on 31 May 2014 the route passed to London United with Scania OmniCitys.

</doc>
<doc id="9780321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780321" title="Tiger Field">
Tiger Field

Tiger Field is a public use airport owned by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management and located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Fernley, a city in Lyon County, Nevada, United States.
History.
Hosted the "Fernley Fly-In 2001".
Facilities and aircraft.
Tiger Field covers an area of at an elevation of 4,346 feet (1,325 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 15/33 is 3,974 by 40 feet (1,211 x 12 m) with an asphalt surface; 5/23 is 2,750 by 40 feet (838 x 12 m) with a gravel surface.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, 2009, the airport had 2,400 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 200 per month. At that time there were 6 aircraft based at this airport: 100% single-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="9780337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780337" title="William Guard">
William Guard

William J. Guard (March 29, 1862 - March 3, 1932) was an Irish-born American opera publicist.
Biography.
He was born in Limerick on March 29, 1862. Guard was brought to the United States as a child, later being educated there. He worked as a journalist for numerous important newspapers for some time, and was engaged by the Manhattan Opera Company as a press representative upon its organization in 1906. Upon the company's dissolution, he took a similar position with the Metropolitan Opera, remaining with the company until his death. In recognition for his activities on behalf of Italian singers he was awarded the Order of the Crown of Italy by the Italian government. Guard died in New York City on March 3, 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="9780350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780350" title="WTFC">
WTFC

WTFC can refer to one of the following association football clubs:
English clubs:
Nigerian club:
Northern Irish club:

</doc>
<doc id="9780370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780370" title="D.O.D.">
D.O.D.

D.O.D. is the sixth album released by rap group, Do or Die. It was released on February 1, 2005 for Atlantic Records sub-label, The Legion and featured production from the likes of Kanye West, Scott Storch, The Legendary Traxster and DJ Quik. "D.O.D." proved to be another success on the charts for the group, peaking at #40 on the Billboard 200 and #14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="9780385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780385" title="Fairfield University Glee Club">
Fairfield University Glee Club

The Fairfield University Glee Club is a mixed chorus of more than 100 undergraduate and graduate singers at Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut. The Glee Club has performed in churches, schools and recital and concert halls throughout Europe, singing from Galway to Rome and Florence to London. The choir has performed at Carnegie Hall, the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., Westminster Cathedral in London, the Aula Paolo VI at the Vatican and the U.S. military academies at West Point and Annapolis.
Background.
The Glee Club performs a varied repertoire of early, classical, and contemporary music in numerous engagements with other choruses, and with festival and symphonic Orchestras. The mixed chorus is the parent organization of three additional ensembles: the Chamber Singers; the Men's Ensemble, now known as the Bensonians; and Sweet Harmony.
Director.
Carole Ann Maxwell, director of choral and liturgical music at Fairfield University, is one of America's preeminent conductors of collegiate, community and professional choral ensembles. She also serves as the artistic director and conductor of the Mendelssohn Choir of Connecticut and the chorus master for Connecticut Grand Opera and Orchestra.
History.
The Fairfield University Glee Club, under the direction of Fr. John Murray S.J. and musical director Simon Harak became the first student organization formed by the first ever incoming class of Fairfield University in 1947.
European tours.
Europe has been a recurring tour destination of the Glee Club since 1985. In 2000, the Glee Club made an eight-day singing tour of Europe making appearances at "the Church of the Immaculate Conception (the Jesuit church in London, England) for the evening mass; The Alla Grande at the University of Maastricht in Maastricht, Netherlands, a medieval city surrounded by stone walls; and The Cologne Cathedral in Kohn, Germany, where the Glee Club’s a cappella performance reverberated throughout the Gothic stone structure." In 2006, the choir sang its way through Italy during spring break, performing in Rome, Assisi, and Florence including singing a liturgy at Chiesa del Gesù and performing a concert at the residence of the Knights of Malta. And in 2008, the Glee Club toured Eastern Europe performing at the St. Ignatius Church in Prague, Czech Republic; the Minoritenkirche (Minorite Church) and the Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Vienna, Austria; and Waldorf School in Budapest, Hungary.
60th anniversary.
In celebration of its 60th Anniversary in 2007, the Fairfield University Glee Club premiered a commissioned work, "Songs to the Lord of Peace", by renowned American composer, Gwyneth Walker. The texts for these songs are taken from a series of "Freedom Songs" which Thomas Merton wrote in 1966. Michael A. Ciavaglia '04, a Fairfield University alumnus and Assistant Conductor of the New York Choral Society, conducted part of the 60th anniversary concert. The Glee Club also joined the Greater Bridgeport Symphony in a concert performance of Giacomo Puccini's "Tosca".
Notable alumni.
Mendelssohn Choir of Connecticut.
The Mendelssohn Choir was formed in 1984 by members of the Fairfield University Chamber Singers, who, upon their graduation, wished to continue a musical association under the baton of Dr. Carole Ann Maxwell. Since that time, The Mendelssohn Choir has grown to more than 100 members, chosen by audition, many of whom began singing with Dr. Maxwell while in college.

</doc>
<doc id="9780403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780403" title="Life (Talisman album)">
Life (Talisman album)

Life was the 4th studio album by hard rock band Talisman released on 23 August 1995 on Polydor Records.
This album was written in Jeff Scott Soto's house over a couple weeks time in March 1995. This time they opted for convenience, recording everything separately, drums in Park studios, bass in Marcel Jacob’s pad, guitars in a small room just outside of Stockholm. 
The tapes were then sent to Jeff in Los Angeles where he would do vocal overdubs. The first time the band was all together in the same room was during mixing. Although there are some great tracks on the album, maybe it should have been done differently. 
The mixing was done by Mats Lindfors. Marcel was unhappy with the result. The Japanese label were hurried, having planned their release date, and opted for the original mix. The European version is therefore a remix. 
When the album was released in the summer of 1995, it didn’t do as well as the predecessors. The labels involved had problems with distribution, people were getting fired, the Japanese label went bankrupt.
Track listing.
Track 7 originally recorded by Seal on the album Seal.

</doc>
