<doc id="9628230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628230" title="Jeff Robinson">
Jeff Robinson

Jeff Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9628232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628232" title="Willaston, Cheshire East">
Willaston, Cheshire East

Willaston is a civil parish and village in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, in north-west England. It has a population of 2,277 people according to the 2001 census. It is approximately three miles west of Crewe town centre and two miles east of Nantwich town centre.
Governance.
From 1974 to 2009 the Borough Council was Crewe and Nantwich. Since this was abolished on 1 April 2009, the civil parish has been administered by the new unitary authority of Cheshire East. Willaston falls in the parliamentary constituency of Crewe and Nantwich, which has been represented by Edward Timpson since a by-election in 2008.
Local amenities.
The village centre of Willaston has three public houses (The Horseshoe, The Lamb, and The Nag's Head) and a social club, while an off-license provides local produce and day to day goods. Another pub, The Peacock, is situated to the north-west of the village centre, on Crewe Road (the A534).
The social club offers many social events ranging from a monthly kids disco to various tribute bands and acts. The club has two pool teams, a snooker team, two 7-a-side football teams, a darts and dominoes team and a ladies darts team. In summer 2013 the function room (available for hire) was refurbished. 
The village also has a fish and chip shop, and hairdressing salons. There are local businesses within the village providing employment (Scanlans, SJB Steel). At the edge of the village is a farm shop, Cheerbrook, on the Newcastle Road.
Willaston Primary School is the only education establishment in the village. For children of pre-school age, there is an Ofsted registered playgroup in the village.
Local events.
One of the major events in Willaston is the World Worm Charming Championships. It was started in 1980 by John Bailey. The event attracts many competitors from around the world, from the U.S.A. to Australia. The original event in 1980 was won with a total of 511 worms by Tom Shufflebotham - a record that stood until 2009.
Celebrities that have taken part in the championships include Ben Fogle and Bob Carolgees. In 2008 celebrity contestants were Paddy McGuinness and Rory McGrath who were filming a slot for their series "Rory & Paddy's Great British Adventure".
The 2008 championship was won by Mr Mike and Claire Gaukroger with a total of 125 worms, the trophy for the heaviest worm went to Ray O'Grady and Steve Plant. (4.6g)
In 2009, due to particularly good conditions, 3 teams broke the previous world record of 511, with Sophie Smith and Matt Smith of Willaston claiming the title with a total of 567 worms in 30 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="9628241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628241" title="Santa Maria Maggiore, Bergamo">
Santa Maria Maggiore, Bergamo

The Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore is a church in Bergamo, Northern Italy.
History.
The church was founded in 1137 on the site of another church from the 8th century dedicated to St Mary, which had been in turn erected over a Roman temple of the Clemence. The high altar was consecrated in 1185 and in 1187 the presbytery and the transept wings were completed. Due to financial troubles, the works dragged for the whole 13th–14th centuries. The bell tower was built from 1436 (being completed around the end of the century), while in 1481–1491 a new sacristy added after the old one had been destroyed by Bartolomeo Colleoni to erect his personal mausoleum, the Colleoni Chapel.
In 1521, Pietro Isabello finished the south-western portal, also known as "Porta della Fontana". The edifice was restored and modified in the 17th century.
Architecture.
The church opens on the square ("Piazza Duomo") on its own left side, as the main façade has no entrance, being once united to the Bishops' Palace. The external appearance has largely maintained its Lombard Romanesque origins. The church can be accessed by two entrances by Giovanni da Campione (1353) and by Isabello's "Porta della Fontana".
The main apse is crowned by a loggia surmounted by two frieze with geometrical and vegetables patterns, and has blind arcades with semi-columns. The latter's capitals have also vegetable themes, with the exception of one, decorated by "Angels with Last Judgement's Trumpets".
The transept's apses have a structure similar to the main one.
Notable is Giovanni da Campione's porch in the left transept, which is supported by columns departing from lions in Veronese marble. the arch has a frieze with hunting scenes, while the vault is decorated by polychrome lozenges. A loggia houses statues of St Barbara, St Vincent and St Alexander. At the peak is a Gothic niche by Hans von Fernach (1403), with the "Madonna with Child" flanked by "St Esther" and "St Grata" (1398). also by Giovanni da Campione is the porch of the right transept, with a similar though simpler structure. The columns are supported by lions in white marble. It has reliefs with "Christ Crowned by Saints" and "Birth of the Baptist".
Isabello's Renaissance porch has, in the lunette, a fresco of "Mary's Nativity" attributed to Andrea Previtali.
Interior.
The interior has maintained the original Romanesque Greek cross plan, with a nave and two aisles divided by piers and ending with an apse, but the decoration its largely from the 17th century Baroque renovation.
On the walls are tapestries, partly executed in Florence (1583–1586) under Alessandro Allori's design, partly of Flemish manufacture, depicting the "Life of Mary". Over the tapestry of the "Crucifixion" (executed in Antwerp on Ludwig van Schoor's cartoons, 1698) is a painting by Luca Giordano, with the "Passage of the Red Sea" (1691).
Left to the entrance is the sepulchre of Cardinal Guglielmo Longhi, work by Ugo da Campione (1913–1320). On the rear wall are the tomb of the composer Gaetano Donizetti, by Vincenzo Vela (1855) and that of the latter's master Simone Mayr (1852). At the beginning of the left aisle is the Baroque confessional carved by Andrea Fantoni in 1704. A crucifix from the 14th century is on the presbytery's balaustrade.
In the presbytery itself, housing six bronze candelabra from 1597, is a wooden choir designed by Bernardo Zenale and Andrea Previtali. The reliefs with Biblical tales were executed in 1524–1555 on designs by Lorenzo Lotto. They are characterized by a polychrome effect rendered through the use of different wood types.
The right transepts has Giottesque frescoes from an unknown artist, with "Histories of St Aegidius", "The Last Supper" and the "Tree of Life" (1347), partially covered by a 17th-century fresco.
Graveyards.
Inside the Basilica are buried the composer Gaetano Donizetti and his teacher Simone Mayr.

</doc>
<doc id="9628243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628243" title="Avon Township, Lake County, Illinois">
Avon Township, Lake County, Illinois

Avon Township is a township in Lake County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 65,001.
Geography.
Avon Township covers an area of ; of this, or 5.71 percent is water. Lakes in this township include Cranberry Lake, Druce Lake, Grays Lake, Highland Lake and Third Lake.
Elected officials.
Cemeteries.
The township contains eight cemeteries: Avon Centre, Benedictine Abbey, Druce, Fort Hill, Grayslake, Great Lakes, Greenwood and Saint Joseph.

</doc>
<doc id="9628249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628249" title="Daniel McDonald (actor)">
Daniel McDonald (actor)

Daniel McDonald (July 30, 1960 – February 15, 2007) was an American actor who guest-starred in many TV shows including "", "Law & Order", and "Sex in the City". He was also involved in Broadway, performing most recently in "Mamma Mia!".
Personal life.
McDonald was born the youngest of seven children and raised in Romulus, New York. He graduated from Ithaca College. 
McDonald's older brother, Christopher McDonald, is also an actor who is seen in many films and television shows.
He met Mujah Maraini-Melehi during the rehearsals for "Steel Pier". The couple were married in 1999 and had two children, Fosco and Ondina .
Career.
He was a life member of the Actors Studio. He also studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, with Paul Curtis of the American Mime Theatre, and with Sanford Meisner on the island of Bequia in the British West Indies where he met long-time friend and photographer Michael Sanville. 
McDonald received a 1997 Tony Award nomination for his lead role in "Steel Pier", which co-starred Gregory Harrison.
In 2002, Daniel McDonald replaced Alan Campbell as lead in the national tour of "Contact".
"The Gift: Life Unwrapped", McDonald's last film, was released posthumously in May 2007.
He recorded an album "True Love". 
Death.
McDonald died in New York, aged 46, from brain cancer. 

</doc>
<doc id="9628256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628256" title="Antipater of Thessalonica">
Antipater of Thessalonica

Antipater of Thessalonica was the author of over a hundred epigrams in the "Greek Anthology". He is the most copious and perhaps the most interesting of the Augustan epigrammatists. He lived under the patronage of Lucius Calpurnius Piso (consul in BC 15 and then proconsul of Macedonia for several years), who appointed him governor of Thessalonica. 
There are many allusions in his work to contemporary history:
Waterwheel.
Antipater is also known for being the first to mention use of the waterwheel in a poem . He tells of an advanced overshot wheel watermill around 20 BC/10 AD. He praised for its use in grinding grain and the reduction of human labour:
The reference is important mentioning the mill, and supports other evidence of the antiquity of use. Taking indirect evidence into account from the work of the Greek technician Apollonius of Perge, the British historian of technology M.J.T. Lewis dates the appearance of the vertical-axle watermill to the early 3rd century BC, and the horizontal-axle watermill to around 240 BC, with Byzantium and Alexandria as the assigned places of invention.A watermill is reported by the Greek geographer Strabon (ca. 64 BC–AD 24) to have existed sometime before 71 BC in the palace of the Pontian king Mithradates VI Eupator, but its exact construction cannot be gleaned from the text (XII, 3, 30 C 556).[20
The first clear description of a geared watermill offers the late 1st century BC Roman architect Vitruvius who tells of the sakia gearing system as being applied to a watermill.Vitruvius's account is particularly valuable in that it shows how the watermill came about, namely by the combination of the separate Greek inventions of the toothed gear and the water wheel into one effective mechanical system for harnessing water power.[22 Vitruvius' water wheel is described as being immersed with its lower end in the watercourse so that its paddles could be driven by the velocity of the running water (X, 5.2).

</doc>
<doc id="9628261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628261" title="Adolf Soetbeer">
Adolf Soetbeer

Adolf Soetbeer (1814–92) was a German economist, born at Hamburg. In 1840 he became librarian and in 1843 Secretary of the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce, where he laid the foundation of the excellent system of commercial statistics for which Hamburg became noted. He published "Denkschrift über Hamburgs Münzverhältnisse" (1846) and subsequently numerous monographs and pamphlets, defending the cause of gold monometallism. Until his death he ranked as the leading defender of the single gold standard, the adoption of which by Germany was brought about largely through his efforts. Among his most important works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9628277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628277" title="Kings of Punk">
Kings of Punk

Kings of Punk is the title of the third release and first LP by hardcore punk band Poison Idea, released in 1986 through Pushead's Pusmort Records label. It was re-released by Reflex/Wolfpack Records in 2003 on a limited vinyl pressing.

</doc>
<doc id="9628292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628292" title="Admiral (electrical appliances)">
Admiral (electrical appliances)

Admiral is an American appliance brand currently manufactured by Whirlpool Corporation. The brand is sold at The Home Depot. 
Ross Siragusa founded Continental Radio and Television Corp. as a maker of consumer electronics (radios and phonographs) in Chicago during 1934. This later became Admiral Corp. Its annual sales were about $2 million. Admiral supplied the U.S. military with electronic equipment during World War II, and was one of the major television manufacturers in the early era of that medium. In 1950, for instance, Admiral was selling a line of seven TV sets, with four models having a tube size (between $179.95 and $379.95, equivalent to to today), a model at $299.95 (), and two models (at $495 and $695, equivalent to and ). Success in television sales enabled the company to branch out into major appliances such as refrigerators by the 1950s. 
During World War II, Admiral was the weekly sponsor of the CBS Radio Network Sunday news program, "World News Today", and Admiral used the promotional slogan "America's Smart Set". Admiral was also one of the first major advertisers on television, sponsoring Sid Caesar’s "Your Show of Shows", "Lights Out", Fulton J. Sheen's "Life Is Worth Living", "Admiral Presents the Five Star Review - Welcome Aboard", and Notre Dame football games. Annual sales approached $300 million and the company employed 8,500 people by the early 1960s. 
The various divisions were sold to other companies by the mid-1970s due in part to imported consumer electronics dumped on the US market from Japan. Rockwell International acquired the company in 1973, selling the appliance operations to Magic Chef, which was later sold to Maytag. In turn, Maytag was later acquired by Whirlpool.
The Milwaukee Admirals hockey team derives its name from Admiral appliances. In 1971 when the team was sold by its original owner to a group of investors, one of the investors, Edwin J. Merar, owned an appliance store. The team was renamed the "Admirals" after the Admiral refrigerators sold in his store.
In 1991, Maytag contracted with Montgomery Ward & Co. for the exclusive use of the Admiral brand on its consumer electronic goods. Montgomery Ward later went bankrupt and closed all stores. After Maytag's sale to Whirlpool, the brand became exclusive to The Home Depot. During the 1990s, the Admiral brand name was being used on Zenith products.
The television business continues with AOC International. AOC (originally Admiral Overseas Corporation) is an international brand of LCD and HDTV display devices.

</doc>
<doc id="9628295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628295" title="Atomgods">
Atomgods

Atomgods were a UK heavy rock band from late 1980s.
The band were formed by former Inner City Unit guitarist Judge Trev Thoms, the first recording lineup consisting of Hiro Sasaki and Kofi Baker (Ginger's son). They were signed to GWR Records producing the 1988 album "WOW!". 
For the second album, which saw the band shorten their name to Atomgod and took on a thrash metal direction, Thoms was joined by bassist Algy Ward (The Damned and Tank), guitarist Bill Liesegang (Nina Hagen Band) and drummer Steve Clarke (Fastway).
Judge Trev Thoms went on to form MOAB with Hawkwind's ex Bassist/Frontman, Ron Tree and produced the album "Insect Brain" on Real Festival Music. Judge Trev is currently (2007) back playing with Hawkwind's Nik Turner with the reformed Inner City Unit
Atomgod drummer Steve Clarke went on to form the band Necropolis, producing the 1993 "End Of The Line" album released on Neat Records in 1997.
There are unconfirmed reports that Motörhead guitarists Würzel and Fast Eddie Clarke contributed to some recordings, but Fast Eddy certainly did play on the Necropolis album.

</doc>
<doc id="9628296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628296" title="Diane (1927 song)">
Diane (1927 song)

"Diane" is a song by Erno Rapee and Lew Pollack, originally written as a theme song for the 1927 silent movie "Seventh Heaven". In 1928, The Nat Shilkret Orchestra had a hit with the song. The song appears (without lyrics) on the 1961 Miles Davis Quintet album "Steamin"', originally recorded in 1956.
Mario Lanza sang this song on radio, and his recording has been released in a compilation album from 1996, "Be My Love." Sergio Franchi recorded this song on his 1963 RCA Victor Red Seal album "Women in My Life."
The song was a popular single by Irish band The Bachelors, which was released in 25 January 1964 on the Decca label (Decca F11799) and produced by Shel Talmy. It reached Number 1 in the UK's "Record Retailer" chart (though not in the "Pick of the Pops" chart used by the BBC or the "NME" chart used by Radio Luxembourg). In the US, "Diane" was The Bachelors most successful single, peaking at number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1964.
Jim Reeves also covered the song in the 1950s, and so did The Mudballs in the 1990s. Their recording has never been released officially though. Billy May and Vic Damone both covered this much-recorded standard.
The song title is sometimes mistakenly referred to as 'My Diane' or confused with The Beach Boys song "My Diane", which is a different song.

</doc>
<doc id="9628319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628319" title="Aelius Antipater">
Aelius Antipater

Aelius Antipater or Antipater of Hierapolis (fl. 200 AD) was a Greek sophist and rhetorician.
He was a son of Zeuxidemus, and a pupil of Adrianus, Pollux, and Zeno. In his orations, both extempore and written, some of which are mentioned by Philostratus, Antipater was not superior to his contemporaries, but in the art of writing letters he is said to have excelled all others, and for this reason the emperor Severus made him his private secretary and tutor of his two sons Caracalla and Geta. This emperor adlected him to the consular rank in his early 50s by Septimius Severus and sent him to govern Bithynia and Pontus but, as Antipater used his sword too freely, he was deprived of his office, and retired to his native place, where he died at the age of 68, it is said of voluntary starvation. 
His nomen is derived from the Aelia gens, which would indicate that an ancestor of his had received Roman citizenship while Trajan or Hadrian was emperor (since Aelius was their family name). He also wrote a lost biography of Severus. 

</doc>
<doc id="9628321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628321" title="Songs to Love and Die By">
Songs to Love and Die By

Songs to Love and Die By is an album by 8mm first released on Curb Appeal Records. It features a hidden track starting at 7:05 on track ten, after "Forever And Ever Amen". The song is an original composition written by Sean Beavan entitled "Unjustified (The Outlaw Song)". In spirit, it is an homage to Johnny and June Cash.
The song "Liar" was featured on ABC's hit series Grey's Anatomy, in the season 3 episode, "Drowning On Dry Land."

</doc>
<doc id="9628324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628324" title="Dasycladales">
Dasycladales

In taxonomy, the Dasycladales is an order of large unicellular green algae in the class Ulvophyceae. It contains two families, the Dasycladaceae and the Polyphysaceae. 
These single celled algae are from 2 mm to 200 mm long. They live on substrates in shallow warm marine waters, usually less than 20 meters deep. They are very large cells. They are able to attain these sizes without numerous internal cell wells because they build calcium carbonate shells around themselves. 
They contain only one nucleus in their vegetative stage, which remains in the bottom of the cell in the holdfast at the substrate. Only when they are ready to produce gametes does the nucleus undergo meiosis and then numerous mitoses into many nuclei which then migrate into the gametangia at the top of the algae. 
Because the nucleus is safely hidden in the holdfast, the cells easily regenerate if the top portions are broken off.
These algae are notable for having an intracellular network of 10 nm proteinaceous filaments, possibly for the storage and transport of ribonucleoprotein particles.
Because of all these properties, and the fact that they are easy to manipulate they have been favorite organisms in the study of the role of the nucleus vs the unnucleated cytoplasm in the behavior of cells.

</doc>
<doc id="9628366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628366" title="Dubtribe Sound System">
Dubtribe Sound System

Dubtribe Sound System is a San Francisco based electronic musical group that produced and performed live worldwide between 1991 and 2005.
Dubtribe consisted of singers Sunshine Jones and Moonbeam Jones, but also included many sit in and on-tour musicians over the years. Originally born in a rent party, Dubtribe Sound System distinguished itself as performers by performing live for many hours, rather than replaying their recordings from DAT tapes or portable computers, and touring without stopping, often bringing their own sound, lights, and traveling family with them. But unlike its few counterparts in North America, Dubtribe would depart from the warehouse movement and establish itself in the mid-1990s as a grass-roots "tour de force", refusing help, press, or money from any outside interests.
Origins.
Sunshine Jones, an ex-punk rocker and Bay Area native, was taking in the still-emerging sounds of hip-hop. At club Townsend, DJ Doc Martin broke out some house music. "One night he just started playing Marshall Jefferson and Ten City, and it was a real shock," Sunshine says. "I left angry with Martin because he sold out on hip-hop."
After Sunshine spent a summer on the Spanish party isle of Ibiza in 1989, it started to make sense. All shapes and sizes getting together to dance, he says. I wanted to share that. It changed me forever.
Back in San Francisco, Sunshine had been leading an acid-jazz band. When it needed a vocalist, he took on Moonbeam in 1990. ("I didn't want to meet anybody named Moonbeam," Sunshine says. "I had the shit beaten out of me for my name.") Inspired by Ibiza, he tried to transform his group into a live house-music act. Many of the band members bailed, leaving just Sunshine and Moonbeam to go it alone as Dubtribe. At first, it was a grind trying to get booked in a DJ-centric world, but the duo's DIY Come Unity events at the Bryant Street pad (the first event was a rent party) were a hit, and soon Dubtribe was making records.
Break-up and reunion.
Dubtribe Sound System performed what appeared to be its final show at Cielo in New York City on December 1, 2005.
The group reunited on September 5, 2009, to play at the Buzz Reunion 101 event at Ibiza Nightclub in Washington, DC.
Dubtribe has had several performances across the U.S. from 2010 to 2013. As of 2014, Dubtribe still performs a few times per year.

</doc>
<doc id="9628382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628382" title="Imanol Ordorika Sacristán">
Imanol Ordorika Sacristán

Imanol Ordorika Sacristán (born in Mexico City, October 31, 1958). Mexican social activist, political leader, academic and intellectual. He was one of the initiators and principal leaders of the Consejo Estudiantil Universitario at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, UNAM), with Carlos Imaz Gispert and Antonio Santos Romero, from 1986 to 1990. A founder and prominent member of the Partido de la Revolución Democrática (PRD) until 2001. Professor of social sciences and education at the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico. Op-ed writer for La Jornada and other Mexican media.
Biography.
Imanol Ordorika Sacristan is the son of Imanol Ordorika Bengoechea and Maria Josefa Sacristan, Spanish Civil War refugees from the Basque country and Madrid respectively. As part of a progressive family he became acquainted with the ideals of Spanish left wing republicanism, with the Cuban Revolution, and with the 1968 Mexican student movement, since his early childhood.
Student Activism.
Ordorika majored in physics at the Facultad de Ciencias in the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México in 1991. It is during his student days in the 1980s that he became a militant of the Mexican revolutionary left (izquierda revolucionaria) through the Committee Estudiantil de Solidaridad Obrero Campesina (CESOC) and as a member of Revista Punto Critico, a marxist organization and journal founded by the leaders of the 1968 Mexican student movement, and later Convergencia Comunista 7 de enero (CC7). He became an important student leader and representative to UNAM’s University Council and gained national prominence with the creation of the Consejo Estudiantil Universitario in 1986.
As a student member of the Council first, and with the Consejo Estudiantil, starting on October 31, 1986, Ordorika rejected structural adjustment policies affecting Mexican universities and, more concretely, attempts to increase tuition, restrictive student selection policies and standardized testing, proposed by rector Jorge Carpizo McGregor, at the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico. Ordorika participated in public debates (dialogos publicos) between UNAM administrators and student leaders at the Che Guevara/Justo Sierra auditorium, transmitted live by university radio and featured prominently by the Mexican media in January 1987. During the student strike in February he was one of the selected spokespersons until CEU defeated Carpizo's structural adjustment reforms.
National Politics.
In 1988 Ordorika, Santos and Imaz led Mexican university students to support Cuauhtemoc Cardenas´ independent presidential candidacy against the ruling Partido Revolucionario Institucional’s Carlos Salinas. For this purpose they created the Movimiento al Socialismo (MAS) notably featuring Adolfo Gilly, Salvador Martínez della Rocca, Enrique González Rojo, Raul Alvarez Garin and others.
He was one of the founder and leaders of newly formed left wing party Partido de la Revolución Democrática (PRD), led by Cárdenas. Ordorika was a member of PRD's National Committee from 1990 to 1995. In 1994 he ran as this party's candidate for Federal Congress in Mexico City district XXII.
During the 2000 presidential electoral process Ordorika was appointed spokesperson and campaign head of communications for left wing candidate Cuauhtemoc Cardenas. After the elections and the 2001 PRD congress Ordorika distanced himself from this party and exercised a strong critique against its bureaucratic trends and centrist political positions.
Imanol Ordorika is also involved in the Mexican contemporary political debate as a public speaker, an editorial writer at La Jornada and a media commentator.
Academic Life.
In 1989 he became adjunct professor at the Instituto de Investigaciones Económicas at UNAM, even though he actually majored in Physics until 1991. From 1988 to 1990 he was elected member of the organizing committee for the University Congress at this university. In 1990, he was elected faculty representative to the University Congress.
Ordorika obtained masters degrees in education (1993) and sociology (1998) as well as a Ph.D degree in social sciences and education from the Stanford Graduate School of Education (1999). He has been a full professor at UNAM since 2002. Ordorika is a renowned faculty member and higher education specialist in Mexico and abroad. He has written extensively on power relations and politics within postsecondary institutions, faculty and student movements, higher education policy and on the impact of globalization on colleges and universities. In 2004 Ordorika received the "Frank Talbott Jr. Visiting University Chair" from the University of Virginia and in 2006 he was awarded the "Alfonso Reyes Chaire des Etudes Mexicaines" by the University of Paris III (Sorbonne Nouvelle).
Since 2007 Imanol Ordorika is General Director for Institutional Assessment (Director General de Evaluación Institucional) at UNAM. Here has been in charge of the design and development of the Mexican Universities Comparative Study.

</doc>
<doc id="9628389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628389" title="Lucius Coelius Antipater">
Lucius Coelius Antipater

Lucius Coelius Antipater was a Roman jurist and historian. He is not to be confused with Coelius Sabinus, the Coelius of the Digest. He was a contemporary of C. Gracchus (b. c. 123); L. Crassus, the orator, was his pupil.
Style.
He was the first who endeavoured to impart to Roman history the ornaments of style, and to make it more than a mere chronicle of events, but his diction was rather vehement and high-sounding than elegant and polished. Pomponius considers him more an orator than a jurist; Cicero, on the other hand, prizes him more as a jurist than as an orator or historian.
Writings.
None of his juridical writings have been preserved. He wrote a history of the Second Punic War, and composed Annales, which were epitomized by Brutus.
Antipater followed the Greek history of Silenus Calatinus, and occasionally borrowed from the "Origines" of Cato the Elder. He is occasionally quoted by Livy, who sometimes, with respectful consideration, dissents from his authority. It is manifest, however, from Cicero and Valerius Maximus that he was fond of relating dreams and portents.
Editions.
Orelli refers to the dissertations on Antipater by Bavius Antius Nanta and G. Groen van Prinsterer, inserted in the Annals of the Academy of Leyderi for 1821. His fragments, several of which are preserved in Nonius, are to be found appended to the editions of Sallust by Joseph Wasse, Corte, and Havercamp; and also in Krause's Vitae et Fragmenta vet. Histor, Mom. p. 182, &c.
Reception.
Hadrian is reported to have preferred him as an historian to Sallust (Spartianus, Hadrian, c. 16) ; by Valerius Maximus he is designated "certus Romanae historiae auctor" (a reliable authority on Roman history).

</doc>
<doc id="9628391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628391" title="Billy Thomson">
Billy Thomson

William 'Billy' Marshall Thomson (born 10 February 1958) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is a goalkeeping coach with Kilmarnock.
Career.
After a fall-out at his previous club St Mirren, Thomson, a former Scotland international, signed for Dundee United in 1984 and spent the first season as cover for Hamish McAlpine. After a serious injury to McAlpine, Thomson took over in goal in October 1985 and wasn't to give up his place as No. 1 until the early 90s. A big keeper who caught crosses with one hand, he was in fantastic form throughout the UEFA Cup campaign of 1986–87, but just about lost an ear in a horrific clash in the 1st leg of the Final in Gothenburg. Thomson also played in two consecutive Scottish Cup Finals for United in 1987 and 1988. Thomson eventually lost his place to Alan Main and left for Motherwell in 1992, spending two years with the Steelmen. A surprise move to Rangers followed, where he spent two years as backup. Thomson remains however the club's oldest debutant at 37 years 50 days on 1 April 1995 against Dundee United. His final club was Dundee.
After retiring, Thomson joined Dundee's coaching staff before returning to Rangers as goalkeeping coach in May 2001, remaining until August 2007, when he left with no reason for his departure. Two months later, Thomson took up a similar, part-time role with Kilmarnock.
Thomson won seven Scotland caps during his time with St Mirren and was perhaps unfortunate not to add to that total during his time with Dundee United.

</doc>
<doc id="9628398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628398" title="Bruce Clark (journalist)">
Bruce Clark (journalist)

Bruce Clark is the international security editor of "The Economist", and notable as the author of "".
Son of Wallace Clark, a Northern Irish businessman, he was educated at Shrewsbury School where he excelled in academics particularly in Classics. He went on to study Philosophy at St John's College Cambridge. His writing for "The Economist" is usually focussed on religion or defence.
His book "Twice A Stranger" is a history of the population exchange between Greece and Turkey which took place in the early 1920s following the Treaty of Lausanne. The book won the Runciman Award in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9628412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628412" title="Trond Iversen">
Trond Iversen

Trond Iversen (born 22 March 1976) is a Norwegian cross country skier who has been competing since 1996. He competes for Mjoendalen IF in Norway.
Iversen has a total of ten victories since 2001. His best finish at the Winter Olympics was 6th in the individual sprint at the 2002 Games in Salt Lake City. His best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 9th in the individual sprint event at the 2005 championships in Oberstdorf, Germany.
Despite being ranked third in the 2006-07 Cross country skiing World Cup Sprint category standings as of 16 February 2007, Iversen was not selected to represent the Norwegian team at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 in Sapporo, Japan.
Iversen is married and has one child.

</doc>
<doc id="9628414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628414" title="Dactylella">
Dactylella

Dactylella is a genus comprising 72 species of mitosporic fungi in the family Orbiliaceae. They are notable for trapping and eating nematodes.

</doc>
<doc id="9628420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628420" title="War All the Time (Poison Idea album)">
War All the Time (Poison Idea album)

War All the Time is the title of the fourth release and second full-length by hardcore punk band Poison Idea, released in 1987 by Alchemy Records. It is named after a book by Charles Bukowski.

</doc>
<doc id="9628423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628423" title="Harry F. Olson">
Harry F. Olson

Harry Ferdinand Olson (December 28, 1901 – April 1, 1982) was a prominent engineer at RCA Victor.
Biography.
Harry F. Olson, a pioneer in the field of 20th century acoustical engineering, was born in Mount Pleasant, Iowa to Swedish immigrant parents. Technically inclined from an early age, he built and flew model airplanes, constructed a steam engine and invented a wood-fired boiler that drove a 100-volt DC generator. Olson designed and built an amateur radio transmitter, gaining enough proficiency to be granted an operator's license. Olson went on to earn a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Iowa then continued to earn a Master's degree with a thesis on acoustic wave filters in solids and a doctorate in Physics, working with polarization of resonance radiation in mercury. Immediately after completing his course of study in 1928, Olson moved to New Jersey to work for RCA Laboratories. Olson would remain at RCA for almost four decades.
Olson had a continuing interest in music, acoustics, and sound reproduction, and, by 1934, he was placed in charge of acoustical research at RCA. At RCA, Olson worked on a wide range of projects, which included developing microphones for the broadcasting and motion picture industries, improving loudspeakers, and making significant contributions to magnetic tape recording. Like many engineers of the World War II generation, Olson also made significant contributions to military technology as well, particularly to the fields of underwater sound and anti-submarine warfare. After the war Olson, along with Herbert Belar, developed the first modern electronic synthesizer. Equipped with electron tubes, the Mark II Sound Synthesizer was used to compose music, which was recorded and sold to the public.
A prolific inventor and engineer, Olson won more than 100 patents for the various types of microphones (including the widely used 44- and 77-series), cardioid (directional) microphones, loudspeaker baffles, air-suspension loudspeakers, isobaric loudspeakers, early video recording equipment, audio recording equipment, phonograph pickups, underwater sound equipment, noise reduction, sound technology in motion-pictures, and public-address systems he developed. He also authored 135 articles and ten books including an interdisciplinary text charting the dynamical analogies between electrical, acoustical and mechanical systems. In 1949, Olson was honored by being the first recipient of the Audio Engineering Society's John H. Potts Memorial Award, an award program which was later renamed the Gold Medal. In 1953-4 Olson served as president of the Acoustical Society of America, which awarded him the very first Silver Medal in Engineering Acoustics in 1974 and the Gold Medal in 1981. He won the IEEE Lamme Medal in 1970, was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1959, and was the recipient of many honorary degrees during his lifetime.
Olson retired from RCA in 1967, continuing as a consultant for RCA Laboratories.
Personal life.
Harry F. Olson was born in Mt. Pleasant, Iowa, on December 18, 1901. He was the first of two children. His parents were Swedish immigrants.
Olson married Lorene Johnson of Morris, Illinois in 1935. Both his mother and his wife were talented amateur artists — Lorene's paintings were displayed in Olson's RCA office for many years. Olson died at Princeton Medical Center in Princeton, New Jersey on April 1, 1982 at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="9628434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628434" title="National Council of State Boards of Nursing">
National Council of State Boards of Nursing

The National Council of State Boards of Nursing (NCSBN) is a US not-for-profit organization whose membership comprises the boards of nursing in the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and four US territories — American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands and the Virgin Islands. There are also nine associate members.

</doc>
<doc id="9628449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628449" title="Adrian Pennino">
Adrian Pennino

Adrian Pennino (April 25, 1946- June 11, 2002) was a fictional character from the Rocky series, played by Talia Shire.
Biography.
She was the wife of two-time heavy-weight champion Rocky Balboa, and the young sister of Paulie Pennino. She started working in a pet shop, where Rocky would visit frequently needing food for his domestic turtles. The two were brought into a relationship by her brother Paulie.
They went to an ice rink on Thanksgiving Day where Rocky told her about his fighting career and his style. She asked him why he wanted to fight and he said that his father told him he had no brains and should develop his body. Adrian was surprised, as her mother said that she wasn't much of a body person and should develop her brain. After his fight with Apollo Creed, Rocky proposed to Adrian and the two were married on February 8, 1976. In March 1976, Adrian found out she was pregnant but she didn't look after herself particularly well - she went back to the pet shop and overworked. This lead to her collapsing in the shop, and her baby son being delivered a month premature. Adrian went into a coma for a week - on waking, she found Rocky on her bedside and the couple saw their child for the first time. Adrian suggested that the baby should be named after the father; Rocky Balboa Jr.
After Rocky's success, the two spent fourteen years living in mansions and witnessing Rocky Jr. do well in a fine school, but in 1986 Paulie signed a power of attorney and the Balboa's lost millions of dollars and their home. They went back to Philadelphia where Adrian returned to the pet shop. In autumn 2001, Adrian discovered she was dying from ovarian cancer. She died peacefully in her sleep on January 11, 2002 with her family by her side, aged 52.

</doc>
<doc id="9628454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628454" title="Ashford, West Virginia">
Ashford, West Virginia

Ashford is an unincorporated community and coal town in Boone County, West Virginia, United States. It was established by the Crawford and Ashby land company. A former mining town, Ashford lies from the top of Lens Creek Mountain to Casey Fork Hollow. Rumble starts directly after this hollow to the Ashford bridge. From there you can travel to White Oak, Emmons, Madison, Ridgeview, Costa, Southridge, and/or Alum Creek. Ashford no longer has a post office. The Ashford post office was destroyed by fire in 2005, and was never reopened. In August 2008, the brand new Ashford bridge opened to the public. The original bridge, constructed in 1923, was demolished on August 26, 2008.
Schools.
There is one school in Ashford that is Ashford-Rumble Elementary School. Amy Pritt is the principal of this school.

</doc>
<doc id="9628460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628460" title="Opener (album)">
Opener (album)

Opener is the debut album of 8mm.

</doc>
<doc id="9628463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628463" title="Rickenbacker 300 Series">
Rickenbacker 300 Series

The Rickenbacker 300 series is a series of semi-acoustic guitars manufactured by the Rickenbacker Company. The series was launched in 1958, shortly after F.C Hall took over Rickenbacker. The guitars were created by Roger Rossmeisl, a German guitar maker. [http://www.rickenbacker.com/history_modern.asp] 
Model Number and Rank.
The Rickenbacker model numbering system includes many variables such as scale length, number of pickups and deluxe features such as binding and inlay. In addition to the model numbers (310, etc.), a 5 added to the model number signifies the addition of a vibrato, a 10 an additional pickup, and a 1 special features (such as the 331 "Light Show" guitar with internal multicolored lights and translucent plastic top).
There are three main groups in the 300 series:
The 310 group instruments (310 to 325) feature a 20-3/4" short scale, dot fretboard inlays, and small (12-3/4" wide) bodies. The body is unbound, semi-hollow (though lacking a sound hole), and boasts the "crescent moon"-style cutaways. This series is currently available only in "Vintage" or "C" reissue forms. These instruments were originally intended to be student models, but gained prominence due to John Lennon's use of a 325 during the early years of The Beatles. Lennon first heard of Rickenbacker guitars from an early musical hero of his, Jean "Toots" Thielemans. Lennon was able to obtain his first 325 from a Hamburg, Germany music store in 1959. Although accounts differ as to whether the instrument was part of the shop's regular inventory or if Lennon had it specially ordered, George Harrison maintained in an interview with Guitar Player Magazine that Lennon bought it "'on the knocks'—ten percent down, and the rest when they you!" 
The 330 group consists of full scale guitars with standard features. These models (numbers 330 to 345) feature 24-3/4" scale necks, unbound 15" wide bodies with Rickenbacker's trademark "slash" sound hole, and pearl dot fretboard inlays. 
Finally, the 360 deluxe model group, numbers 360 to 375. These instruments have hollow bodies with rounded top edges and binding on the back edges, stereo "Rick-O-Sound" output in addition to standard mono output, and large triangular fretboard inlays made from crushed pearl. There are two body styles for these models: the earlier or "old style" which was produced from its introduction to approximately 1964, and the new style, with rounded top edges. The original style shared the body style of the 330, with sharp edges and cutaways, distinguishable only by the front, back and neck binding and triangle inlays. For examples of the different styles, one could see George Harrison of The Beatles, who used an old style 360/12 (which was actually the second of three prototypes) in the movie and on the album "A Hard Day's Night", while Roger McGuinn of The Byrds used a new style 360/12 with a factory-added third pickup and onboard compressor.
In addition to the three main groups, there are two other models:
The model 350 (now existing only as the reissue models 350V63 and 350/12V63) is a full scale version of the three-pickup 320 as it would have been produced in 1963 (although the 350 itself was not introduced until much later). This shares all of the same features as the 320, with the exception of scale length.
The model 381 is, in reality, a hollow body archtop guitar and is seen as the flagship of the 300 Series in the form of the model 381V69. Its body style is similar to the 330, but with a Gothic carved top and back providing extra depth. The "1" in the model name signifies pickups, as the 380 was originally intended as an acoustic guitar with electric guitar styling (although the 380 was supplanted by the 381's popularity.) It was most famously used by John Kay of Steppenwolf.
Rickenbacker guitars sold in Europe had traditional f-shaped sound holes until the 1980s. This was at the request of European instrument dealers, who were afraid that buyer response to the non-traditional "slash" sound holes would be poor. An example is the 1996, a (now discontinued) reissue of the export version of the 325.
[http://www.rickenbacker.com/model_all.asp?series=300]
[http://www.rickenbacker.com/catalog_poster_piece.asp?poster_piece=cf68-6.jpg]
Features.
The key features of the 300 series are their thick rosewood fretboards, and their hollow maple bodies and necks. All of the guitars in the series feature two volume pots, two tone pots, one blend pot, and a toggle to switch between pickups. A set of one tone and one volume pot control each pickup, or each set of pickups, in the case of three pickup models. Three pickup models feature a different pickup selection system than their two-pickup brethren, with the upward position meaning the neck and middle pickups are selected, the middle position meaning all three are selected, and the downward position meaning only the bridge pickup is selected. All current production 300 series models feature singlecoil pickups (either modern Hi-Gains or reissue "Toaster Top."[http://www.rickenbacker.com/pdfs/manual.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="9628464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628464" title="Second Best (film)">
Second Best (film)

Second Best is a 1993 film produced by Sarah Radclyffe and directed by Chris Menges. It closely follows the 1991 novel of the same name by David Cook, who also wrote the screenplay.
Plot.
Graham Holt (William Hurt) is a single man aged 42, who attempts to adopt a 10-year-old boy. Graham is a sub-postmaster in Warwickshire, England. James Lennards (Chris Cleary Miles) is a disturbed child brought up in care. Graham wants a son, but James doesn't want another father.
Graham Holt's emotional development has been smothered by his protective parents. His mother has died and he has to care for his bed-ridden father who has had a stroke.
James has been shunted from care home to foster home, causing disruption and being unable to relate to women. He only has a vague memory of his mother when he was aged 3, but has a vivid and romantic image of his father. James' father is in prison and has spun tales of him being a mercenary in the few times they've spent together on the run.
As Graham goes through the extended vetting process to be an adoptive parent, he spies James' picture in a local journal and immediately selects him as his future son. He then has to attend classes and meet regularly with social workers. Graham and James meet and the embarrassed silences demonstrate Graham's nervousness and James' manipulation of the situation. He knows what he has to do and how he has to behave if he is to have any chance of adoption. Graham is not sure how to behave, nor what to say. Asked by his social worker if he's sure he really likes children, he replies in the affirmative.
As the meetings continue, Graham starts to call James 'Jamie' and he doesn't object. But he refuses to answer to Jimmy, the name his father used. Graham and his father were only close for one week in his life, when the two of them went away for a few days when Graham was aged 12. He shows pictures of that trip to James and breaks down and cries.
When James is shown the room that would be his if the "fostering with a view to adoption" went through, he performs a calculated action. He moves towards 'the man' and places his arms around the man's waist. He then hugs him briefly, thus getting their first moment of physical contact over with quickly.
On a trip out in the car, Graham tries to explain that for the relationship to work, they should end up feeling a kind of love for each other. James asks "Would that be the same sort of love you and your father had for each other, that week you spent on holiday?" Graham has to show that he has a support network and takes James to meet Lynn, a neighbour. James notices that Lynn would like to share her life with Graham and is now jealous. He also grasps that she is trying to guess if he has been sexually abused by Graham and in what manner.
Graham decides to take James camping and the boy helps choose the equipment they need to buy. It's a happy experience and Graham notices the flicker of a look from the boy that he interprets not as love, but as holding out the possibility of a deeper relationship between man and boy. James tells Graham he will need a large sleeping bag, but Graham realises later that this was a ruse when the boy climbs into his sleeping bag at night. Graham is petrified that the human warmth, the never before experienced closeness of another body, albeit a child's body, might excite him sexually. He is also worried that the embrace by an emotionally damaged child might be a re-enactment of some form of seduction he had experienced in the past. Graham experiences an overwhelming desire to shout for joy and return the boy's embrace, but he remains still. Graham accepts that had James been a sexually aware child looking for excitement, then he might have been seduced, because of his need and longing for love, and might have "crossed over a line that he could not cross and hope to be his parent". He concludes that James recognised that Graham had to confront the "deadly rivals" of sexuality and the physicality which is not sexual but gives comfort and pleasure.
After a few weekends together, Graham takes James to meet Graham's father's brother Uncle Turpin (John Hurt). Turpin questions Graham's motives, saying "It is all above board with you and the little lad, isn't it?" Turpin then tells Graham that his father had a homosexual relationship during the war and this explains some of the relationship problems Graham has had with his father.
As the man/boy relationship develops and has its ups and downs, nothing shakes Graham's belief that he is the one person who can make all the difference and that between them, they could change each other. James withdraws into himself as he is unable to meet his father, then his father unexpectedly turns up at the post office, thin and suffering from AIDS. The man is dying, and Graham invites him in and he and James care for him as he lives his last few months.
Critical reception.
It has received 7 out of 10 stars on the Internet Movie Database website and 6.8 out of 10 on the Rotten Tomatoes site.
Channel 4 (who rated it 4.6 out of 5) wrote: "The powerful and sometimes crippling relationships between fathers and sons is the inspiration behind Menges' worthy drama".
Location.
The film was largely made in the small Welsh town of Knighton.

</doc>
<doc id="9628483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628483" title="Djellaba">
Djellaba

Djellaba (Arabic: (جلابة)) (also djellabah, galabiya, jellāb(a)) is a Berber traditional long, loose-fitting unisex outer robe with full sleeves worn in the Maghreb region of North Africa and in Arabic-speaking countries along the Mediterranean. 
Traditionally djellabas are made of wool in different shapes and colors though nowadays lightweight textile djellabas have replaced wool djellabas in emigrant communities in the West, e.g., Paris, Brussels, et cetera. Among the Berbers, or Imazighen, such as Imilchil in the Atlas Mountains, the color of a djellaba indicates the marital status (single or married) of the bearer—a dark brown djellaba indicating bachelorhood. Traditionally, djellabas reached down to the ground but the lightweight textile djellabas are somewhat slimmer and shorter. Men often wear a light-colored djellaba sometimes along with a red fez hat and soft yellow slippers ("balgha", Arabic: بلغه, or "babouche") for religious celebrations and weddings. 
Almost all djellabas of both styles (male or female) include a baggy hood called a "qob" (Arabic: قب) that comes to a point at the back. The hood is of vital importance for both sexes, as it protects the wearer from the sun, and in earlier times was used as a defense against sand being blown into the wearer's face by strong desert winds. In colder climes, as in the mountains of Morocco and Algeria, it also serves the same function as a winter hat, preventing heat loss through the head and protecting the face from snow and rain. It is not uncommon for the roomy hood to be used as an informal pocket during times of nice weather; it can fit loaves of bread or bags of groceries. 
Traditional djellabas are generally made of two types of material, cotton for summer wear and coarse wool for the winter. The wool is typically obtained from sheep living in the surrounding mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="9628488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628488" title="War All the Time">
War All the Time

War All the Time may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9628506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628506" title="Germanic culture">
Germanic culture

Historical culture of the Germanic peoples:
Contemporary culture of Germanic Europe:

</doc>
<doc id="9628515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628515" title="Tristan Derème">
Tristan Derème

Tristan Derème (February 13, 1889 – October 24, 1941), born Philippe Huc, was a French poet and writer.
He had lived in Paris, but would often return to Oloron-Sainte-Marie, where his mother lived. Here, he would recuperate through writing poetry.
Career as a Politician.
After being mobilized in World War I, he became Secretary of the Deputy to Achille Armand Fould, which he continued until joining the Ministry for Agriculture (1930-1932).
As he began his career in political office, he became friends with Louis Barthou, Deputy of Oloron-Sainte-Marie, President of the Council and several times Minister for the Third Republic.
During the beginning of his political career, he actively corresponded with Francis Jammes who he had met in Béarn.
Career as a Writer.
In 1906, Huc forged binding friendships with both Francis Carco and Robert de la Vaissière: They would later come together to create "l’Ecole Fantaisiste" ("The Fantasy School").
Then, in 1908, he became an editor for two magazines--"Hélios" and "l'Oliphant". At that time, he adopted his pseudonym, Tristan Derème. In the years leading up to World War I, "The Fantasy School" attracted talented individuals like Paul-Jean Toulet, Jean-Marc Bernard, Jean Pellerin, Francis Carco, Leon Vérane, Robert de la Vaissière, Rene Bizet, and Noël Ruet.
In 1922, he was nominated for membership in "La Pléiade", along with Charles Maurras, Anna de Noailles, and Paul Valéry. A year later, he would meet Béatrix Dassane, the Clymène of his poems. Four years after that, he began writing a column in "Le Figaro" with a weekly headline, which would last until 1929.
In 1938, he received the grand prize for literature from the French Academy.
Works.
Several collections of poetry, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="9628519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628519" title="KSV Klein-Karben">
KSV Klein-Karben

KSV Klein-Karben is a German association football club from Karben, Hesse and is part of a larger sports club founded in 1890. The association also has departments for dance, gymnastics, model airplanes, skat, tennis, table tennis, volleyball, and youth.
History.
Not an outstanding side, the club achieved promotion to the tier-four Landesliga Hessen-Süd in 1981 but lasted for only one season before going down again. It made a return to thei level in 1984 and, this time, would play for 13 consecutive seasons there. For the most part, the side finished in the upper half of the table and, in 1997, a league championship earned it promotion to the Oberliga Hessen.
"KSV" played in the Oberliga for the next 13 seasons, until 2010. In this era, a league championship in 2000 came as an absolute highlight, but the side was not promoted to the Regionalliga Süd. For the most part, the club remained a solid performer in the league until 2010, when a 16th place finish meant relegation to the Verbandsliga Hessen-Süd (VI), where it plays now.
The club plays its home matches in the Günter-Reutzel-Stadion (capacity 3,000, ~120 seats). 
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="9628522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628522" title="Kim Carrigan">
Kim Carrigan

Kim Carrigan (born in 1958) was Australia's leading exponent of rockclimbing during the late 1970s and early 1980s. Carrigan put up several hundred new routes on crags around the country, in particular at Mount Arapiles, Victoria, where he was based for several years. He repeatedly extended the limits of Australian climbing, initially by free climbing an old aid route "Procul Harum" to establish the first Australian climb graded 26 under the Ewbank grading system. He went on to climb the first grade 27 ("Denim"), grade 28 ("Yesterday"), grade 29 ("India") and grade 30 ("Masada"). All of these climbs are located at Mount Arapiles. Later he moved to Switzerland and became a triathlete. In the Swiss alps he did some difficult first ascents with the famous Swiss climber Martin Scheel, e.g. "Truth of human desire" at the Titlis.
Kim's current sport is Mountain Biking. He now lives in Brisbane where he has been successful in business; he part-owns and runs the Wild Breads / Sol Breads bakery supplying hundreds of retail outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="9628525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628525" title="Criticism of Tesco">
Criticism of Tesco

Criticism has been directed at Tesco from various groups, both national organisations and individuals. One of the biggest criticisms it faces is the perceived threat it poses to small businesses due to the monopoly it imposes over products. There is also a belief that they use aggressive tactics to gain land and/or planning permission for building new stores. Other controversial areas concern the treatment of staff and customers, as well as their approach to foreign businesses.
The Tesco supermarket chain is often involved in litigation, usually from claims of personal injury from customers, claims of unfair dismissal from staff, and other commercial matters.
United Kingdom.
Two notable cases were Ward v Tesco Stores Ltd, which set a precedent in so-called 'trip and slip' injury claims against retailers, and Tesco Supermarkets Ltd v Nattrass, which reached the House of Lords and became a leading case regarding the corporate liability of businesses for failures of their store managers (in a case of misleading advertising). Accusations concerning the use of cheap and/or child labour in Bangladesh amongst other places, have also arisen since 2000.
Tesco has been accused of abandoning the UK Government's planned Eco-town at Hanley Grange in Cambridge.
Tesco has been subject to several claims of apparently out-of-date food being 'back-labelled' to appear still to be within date, poor café hygiene and a staff member contracting legionnaires' disease in the Wrexham store.
Corporate policy.
The UK's Competition Commission inquiry.
In 2006 the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) referred the UK grocery market to the Competition Commission for a new inquiry.
In January 2007 the Competition Commission published its initial findings into the UK grocery market. It said that they were "concerned with whether Tesco or any other supermarket can get into such a strong position, either nationally or locally, that no other retailer can compete effectively". However it found no actual basis for accusations that Tesco could use its land bank to control nearly half of national grocery retailing, or that suppliers' profits were being squeezed by the supermarket.
Exploitation allegations.
In Autumn 2006, Tesco was caught up in two scandals over the treatment of workers in factories supplying it in Bangladesh. The first was a Channel 4 News investigation, which found child labour in four such factories. The second was a report published by War on Want, which alleged that wages were as low as 5 pence per hour, with workers often working 80+ hour weeks. In its defence, Tesco said that, "All suppliers to Tesco must demonstrate that they meet our ethical standards on worker welfare, which are closely monitored. Our suppliers comply with local labour laws, and workers at all Bangladeshi suppliers to Tesco are paid above the national minimum wage." Campaigners have argued that the minimum wage in Bangladesh is too low, and that monitoring systems used by clothing retailers are ineffective. Tesco apologised for selling anti Jewish literature to customers in Ireland. Sheikh Dr Shaheed Satardien, head of the Muslim Council of Ireland, said this was effectively "polluting the minds of impressionable young Islamic people with hate and anger towards the Jewish community."
Pricing and advertising.
The group has been criticised for its tactics, including allegedly misleading consumers with "phoney" price cuts. For example, advertising huge savings, when in fact they are only lowering the price of less popular items and raising the price of more popular goods.
Supermarkets in general have been criticised for the way "Buy one, get one free" (BOGOF) offers contribute to the billions of pounds' worth of food waste thrown away in the UK each year.
Tesco in Ireland was convicted of failing to properly display prices by the National Consumer Agency in July 2008. An advertisement in 2011 for pork sausages resulted in complaints to the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA), for implying that the meat came from free range pigs. The complaints were upheld, with the ASA agreeing that the advertisement was misleading. Tesco said it was baffled because the farm shown supplied meat from pigs that were born outdoors and reared indoors.
Suppliers.
Tesco is also censured by those who think that it infringes upon the interests of farmers and smaller suppliers. The company responds by claiming that it follows industry-best practice and sources supplies locally where it can to meet customer demand. In March 2005 the Office of Fair Trading published an audit of the workings of its code of practice on relations between supermarkets and their suppliers. It reported that no official complaints had been received against Tesco or any of the other major supermarkets, but the supermarkets' critics, including Friends of the Earth, contested that suppliers were prevented from complaining by fear of losing business, and called for more rigorous supervision of the supermarkets. A further report by the Office of Fair Trading in August 2005 concluded that the aims of the Code of Practice were being met. 
In September 2006 Tesco came to an agreement with Tyrrells Crisps to stop selling grey market supplies. Tyrrells was started by potato farmer Will Chase after big supermarkets' purchasing-power almost put his farm out of business. He started Tyrrells to gain greater margin by selling directly, and only sold through delicatessens and Waitrose supermarket. After Tesco bought supplies from the grey market, Chase sought legal advice but Tesco backed down.
Labour relations.
In May 2004, Tesco announced it was reducing sick pay in an attempt to reduce levels of unplanned absence, which led to concerns over employees continuing to work despite poor health (otherwise faced with a reduced income).
American union leaders, aspiring to represent employees of Tesco's Fresh & Easy brand, have complained that a "stark contrast" exists between the way the supermarket chain treats its British workers and staff at its US business.
Planning infringements.
In February 2006, a group of UK MPs produced a report highlighting the near-monopolistic powers of the big four supermarkets. One problem discussed by the group was that of building without appropriate planning permission. The discussion stemmed from the company's building of a store in Stockport that was 20% larger than the company actually had permission to build. In September 2006, subsequent (retrospective) planning permission was sought by Tesco but refused.
Privacy.
In January 2005, Tesco faced criticism for their testing of RFID tags used to collect information on product movement in pilot stores. Critics label the tags "Spy Chips" and allege that they are to be used to collect information on customers' shopping habits.
Facebook and Tesco.
During 2007, A group of Tesco employees were investigated for criticising the firm's human resources policy and its 'rude' customers on the Facebook social networking site.
Financial Affairs.
Taxation Laws.
On 5 April 2008 it was reported that Tesco was suing "The Guardian" for libel and malicious falsehood over the newspaper's claims that Tesco has developed a complex taxation structure involving offshore bank accounts in the tax haven of the Cayman Islands.
Service levels.
Tesco's Kick Drink.
On 16 April 2007, BBC Northern Ireland's current affairs programme "Newsline" reported that the head of Newtownbreda High School in Belfast wanted its local Tesco store to stop selling the Kick energy drink, which was thought to be responsible for caffeine-induced misbehaviour in the classroom. The school had gone so far as to ban children from bringing the drink on to its grounds. In other schools it was also connected with caffeine addiction problems and insomnia in young male pupils.
Home delivery services.
In 2007 Tesco received criticism for failing to deliver groceries via online shopping to a university campus in Sussex, offering no refund or apology. This sparked a local backlash from many customers who had had similar dissatisfying experiences with Tesco's online delivery service.
Queuing times.
In December 2006 "The Grocer" magazine published a study which named Tesco as having the slowest checkouts of the six major supermarkets. Somerfield had the shortest queues with an average wait of 4 min 23 seconds. In order of least time spent at the checkout, the other major supermarkets were Waitrose, Sainsbury's, Asda, Morrisons.
Health and safety issues.
Food hygiene allegations.
On 22 May 2007 the BBC's "Whistleblower" programme showed undercover footage detailing breaches of food hygiene rules in a branch of Tesco. The "Whistleblower" reporter applied for a job following a tip-off from a former employee. Breaches included the sale of products after their sell-by date; allegations that the company illegally sold 'back-labelled' products after their use-by date; falsification of temperature records; and the sale of partially cooked mince mixed with uncooked mince.
A staff member contracted legionnaires' disease in the Wrexham store.
Environmental Health Officers served a closure order on Tesco's store in Prussia Street, Dublin, the day after they inspected it, for a number of breaches of Food Hygiene Regulations.
Outside the UK.
Ireland.
Tesco Ireland is the largest food retailer in Ireland, with over 13,500 employees. Tesco Ireland has come in for increased criticism for apparently high prices in its Irish stores, although in its favour this seems to be because comparisons are with the British Tesco stores rather than other Irish retailers – and thus, officially speaking, like goods are not being compared with like. However, there have been general criticisms of the similar pricing between Irish supermarkets, and economic reports noting the high prices in Ireland generally. Research from Forfas, concluded that only a five per cent difference in the cost of goods between North and South was justifiable. The findings highlighted retailers' larger margins in the South vis-a-vis their operations in the North, and the Minister for Enterprise queried why the price differential in many identical goods was substantially in excess of 5%.
A report by the independent retailers group RGDATA contained allegations that Tesco overcharged customers. The report shows that customers in six Tesco stores were overcharged by an average of 3% on some items.
In July 2008 Tesco Ireland was convicted of failing to display prices properly by the National Consumer Agency.
The Food Safety Authority of Ireland, has on a number of occasions ordered the recall of Tesco branded products, including a case of glass contamination. Environmental Health Officers served a closure order on Tesco's store in Prussia Street, Dublin, the day after they inspected it, for a number of breaches of Food Hygiene Regulations. Most food is imported from Britain, where the BBC's Whistleblower programme showed undercover footage showing the sale of products after their sell-by date; allegations that the company illegally sold 'back-labelled' products after their use by date; falsification of temperature records; and the sale of partially cooked mince mixed with uncooked mince.
The British-owned supermarket refused to stock any of the one million postcards which are aimed at closing the controversial plant at Sellafield in Cumbria. Dunnes Stores and Superquinn, along with other retailers across the country, did sell the postcards.
The Advertising Standards Authority in January 2009 found that Tesco advertising was misleading.
Tesco tried to hide its policy from Irish people of buying directly from UK suppliers. An internal document said that a key objective was ensuring its policy of taking deliveries directly from UK suppliers went unnoticed and remained "invisible to the Irish customer". At the same time the president of the Irish Farmers' Association said there was deep anger about Tesco's decision to displace local produce with imports and that it "will inevitably lead to thousands of job losses and will put Irish producers of local, fresh produce out of business."
Tesco used “Change for Good” as advertising, which is trademarked by Unicef for charity usage but is not trademarked for commercial or retail use, which prompted the agency to say "it is the first time in Unicef’s history that a commercial entity has purposely set out to capitalise on one of our campaigns and subsequently damage an income stream which several of our programmes for children are dependent on”. They went on to call on the public “who have children’s welfare at heart, to consider carefully who they support when making consumer choices”.
Large supermarket chains were accused by Fine Gael of putting up to 100,000 Irish jobs at risk by forcing suppliers to pay €160 million a year in “hello money”.
The company was accused of sharp practice in December 2009 by forcing motorists to pay a carbon tax six hours before it became law.
The company was the subject of claims in February 2010 that it demands up to €500,000 per supplier for stocking goods. The leader of the Labour Party described the practice as "outrageous extortion" and was “like the kind of thing you expect to see in The Sopranos."
Britain’s Advertising Standards Authority said a leaflet produced by Tesco Ireland Ltd, was ‘‘irresponsible’’ and breached clauses in the advertising code on substantiation and weight control in May 2010.
Tesco pleaded guilty and was fined, after sending unsolicited marketing emails to a number of customers and for having a problem with the email "opt-out" option.
In early 2011, Tesco warned Irish publishers that it will ban their books from the shelves of the supermarket if they do not play by its rules. The best-seller which sparked the controversy, on the revelation about Sean FitzPatrick's golf meeting with Taoiseach Brian Cowen, was published in secret and distributed directly to Easons and selected bookstores – but not to Tesco or other supermarkets. The secret last-minute delivery was organised to avoid any legal complications that might have prevented publication. Tesco said "If we find evidence of this happening (again), the offending publisher will have all their titles removed from sale and returned." One publisher pointed out that Tesco sometimes implements exclusive deals itself.
Tesco increased the prices of some well-known products significantly just weeks into 2011 before reducing them as part of a 1,000-product price promotion launched in March 2011.
China.
In September 2011 a Greenpeace report revealed that supermarkets in China, including Tesco, were selling vegetables that contained illegal pesticides or at levels exceeding the legal limit. 16 vegetable and fruit samples were taken from Tescos in Beijing and Guangzhou. Among them, 11 were found containing pesticide residues. One leafy vegetable sample turned up two kinds of pesticides, methamidophos and monocrotophos, the use of which have been prohibited in China since the beginning of year 2007.
Thailand.
In Thailand, Tesco has been criticised for aggressively pursuing critics of the company. Writer and former MP Jit Siratranont faced up to two years in jail and a £16.4m libel damages claim for saying that Tesco was expanding aggressively at the expense of small local retailers. Tesco served him with writs for criminal defamation and civil libel. The case was subsequently dismissed.
Hungary.
There have been several complaints against Tesco in Hungary, both by customers and employees. In a recent scandal an employee, asking for her name to be kept confidential, revealed that her bosses told her, on several occasions, not to dispose of smelly raw meat products, instead she was instructed to wash the meat with sodium hypochlorite and sell it later on. Occasionally, the smelly meat product was grilled and sold like that

</doc>
<doc id="9628546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628546" title="Vizcayne">
Vizcayne

Vizcayne (formerly known as "Everglades on the Bay") is an urban development in the City of Miami, Florida, United States. It is located in northeastern Downtown, and forms part of the Biscayne Wall, a series of skyscrapers visible from Biscayne Bay along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard. It consists of two residential skyscrapers, North Tower and the South Tower as well as a retail center. The buildings were topped out (reached full height) in 2007, and were completed in early 2008. They are located on Biscayne Boulevard between Northeast 2nd and 3rd Streets. The complex consists of two twin towers and the Everglades Plaza. Both towers are 538 ft (164 m) tall, and each has 49 floors. The Everglades Plaza is a retail and community center at the base of both towers, connecting both and occupying the entire city block. The main entrance to the plaza is on Biscayne Boulevard itself. The towers provide retail on the street level and the rest of the floors are used for residential units. Specifically, floors 2-7 are flats and lofts, and floors 8-49 are condo units. The architect of these buildings is Fullerton-Diaz Architects, Inc. The developer is Cabi Developers, a division of GICSA. The complex is located at the site of the former Everglades Hotel, which was demolished in 2003 and imploded on January 23, 2005 to make room for the new towers.
As of April 2011, Vizcayne offers 11 units for sale with price ranging from $153,000 to $653,000

</doc>
<doc id="9628574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628574" title="Demetrius Triclinius">
Demetrius Triclinius

In palaeography, Demetrius Triclinius (; b. ca. 1300), a native of Thessalonica, was a Byzantine scholar who edited and analyzed the metrical structure of many texts from ancient Greece, particularly those of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides. He is often compared favorably with two contemporary annotators of ancient Greek texts, Thomas Magister and Manuel Moschopulus. He had also knowledge of astronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="9628595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628595" title="Sven Sixten">
Sven Sixten

Sven Sixten (1929–2001) was a Swedish priest, author and poet. He published three novels: "Friday", "The Last Days of Johansson" and "The Green Valley".

</doc>
<doc id="9628611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628611" title="Natalya Matveyeva">
Natalya Matveyeva

Natalya Konstantinovna Matveyeva (; born May 23, 1986) is a Russian cross country skier who has been competing since 2004. Matveyeva skis for Dynamo Moscow. She has a total of four victories since 2004, including three in the 2006–2007 season. All four of her victories have been in the sprint events.
As of February 2007, Matveyeva leads the women's sprint category in the 2006–2007 Cross country skiing World Cup going into the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 in Sapporo, Japan, despite never having won a World Cup event. Her best placing in individual World Cup meets is second-place, which she achieved in the 2006 Changchun and Düsseldorf meets. She competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, finishing 30th in the individual sprint.
She tested positive for recombinant EPO (rEPO) at a January 2009 meet in Whistler, British Columbia and was suspended provisionally from the sport following the receipt of the confirmation of the V analysis from the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) accredited laboratory in Quebec. The case was reviewed and adjudicated by the FIS Doping Panel, chaired by Canadian judge Partick Smith. Matveyeva's results from the most recent results from the world championships in Liberec have not been removed from the official results pending the hearing though she finished fourth in the women's individual sprint event. A verdict was rendered on 23 December 2009 by the FIS that effectively banned her from competition until 12 March 2011 for doping.

</doc>
<doc id="9628620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628620" title="Dundee, Ohio">
Dundee, Ohio

Dundee is a census-designated place in central Wayne Township, Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44624. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 93 and 516.

</doc>
<doc id="9628621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628621" title="Kyle Fiat">
Kyle Fiat

Kyle Fiat (born March 14, 1983 in Salt Lake City, UT) is professional lacrosse player who plays for the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League and the Washington Bayhawks in Major League Lacrosse. Outside of lacrosse, Fiat is a physical education teacher at Dulaney High School near Baltimore, Maryland .
Collegiate career.
Fiat attended the Towson University where he played under Defensive Coach and fellow Philadelphia Wings player, Shawn Nadelen. Fiat started college at Utah State University where he played club lacrosse before transferring to Towson University for two years and making the team as a walk-on.
Professional career.
Fiat signed with the Wings as a free agent on November 14, 2006. His first NLL goal came in dramatic fashion, scoring the game-winner on March 24, 2007 with 40 seconds remaining in a Wings come from behind victory over the Chicago Shamrox.
He was drafted by the Washington Bayhawks in Round Two (12th overall) of the 2007 MLL Supplemental Draft. 
Fiat was named to Team USA for the 2007 World Indoor Lacrosse Championships. 
Fiat also teaches Physical Education at Dulaney High School in Timonium, MD.

</doc>
<doc id="9628646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628646" title="Sandyville, Ohio">
Sandyville, Ohio

Sandyville is an unincorporated community in northern Sandy Township, Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44671. It lies along State Route 800 between Canton and New Philadelphia.
Among the notable residents of Sandyville was Graydon Evans, a World War II test pilot who was killed in the crash of an experimental airplane in 1943.
Church.
The Shepherd of the Valley Lutheran Church is located at 4796 Cross Roads Road, Sandyville.

</doc>
<doc id="9628648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628648" title="Somerdale, Ohio">
Somerdale, Ohio

Somerdale is an unincorporated community in northeastern Fairfield Township, Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44678. It lies along State Route 212, Conotton Creek and the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway east of Zoar.

</doc>
<doc id="9628656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628656" title="DWAC">
DWAC

DWAC may refer to:
Securities.
Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian, a method of transferring stock certificates
Callsign.
DWAC is the callsign of two ABS-CBN-owned and operated broadcast stations:
devil without a cause(1998) kid rock's fourth album

</doc>
<doc id="9628657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628657" title="Stillwater, Ohio">
Stillwater, Ohio

Stillwater is an unincorporated community in eastern Rush Township, Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44679. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 258 and 800.

</doc>
<doc id="9628660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628660" title="Creola, Ohio">
Creola, Ohio

Creola is an unincorporated community in southern Swan Township, Vinton County, Ohio, United States. It had a post office, with ZIP code 45622, from 1860 until May 15, 1992, when service was suspended and mail was instead routed through New Plymouth, Ohio. It is located along State Route 93 approximately five miles north of the county seat of McArthur.

</doc>
<doc id="9628665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628665" title="New Plymouth, Ohio">
New Plymouth, Ohio

New Plymouth is an unincorporated community in northwestern Brown Township, Vinton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45654. It is located at the intersection of State Routes 56 and 328 in the county's far northeast.
History.
New Plymouth was named after Plymouth, Massachusetts. The first post office in Brown Township was established at New Plymouth in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="9628667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628667" title="Ngorchen Konchog Lhundrup">
Ngorchen Konchog Lhundrup

Ngorchen Konchog Lhundrub (born 1497 in Sakya - died 1557) was a Tibetan Buddhist monk, abbot, teacher and writer.
He entered monastic life at the age of 13, when he began his Buddhist studies. He received the Sakya Tibetan Buddhism teachings by his main teachers as well as other Sutra and tantra teachings. After participated in many meditation retreats, he developed a Lamdré view called the non-differentiation of worldly existence and liberation. He was able to conduct his daily life in accordance with this philosophical view of reality, and all his activities were pure. Ngorchen Konchog Lhundrub maintained a strict Vinaya discipline, and was also a pure vegetarian.
At the age of 38 he became the tenth abbot of Ngor Ewam Choden monastery, and was the abbott for 24 years. During this time he bestowed the Lamdré teachings 35 times, as well as giving other instructions on Sutra and Tantra. He was also a very prolific writer. He died in 1557.

</doc>
<doc id="9628669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628669" title="Ray, Ohio">
Ray, Ohio

Ray is an unincorporated community in southeastern Harrison Township, Vinton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45672. It is located along State Route 327 in western Vinton County.

</doc>
<doc id="9628672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628672" title="Adam Wadecki">
Adam Wadecki

Adam Wadecki (born 23 December 1977 in Elbląg, Poland) is a professional road racing cyclist. He entered professional cycling in 2000. He is the younger brother of professional cyclist, Piotr Wadecki.
Team membership.
Wadecki has been a member of numerous teams including Mlexer Elbląg (1997), Stal Grudziądz (1998), Mróz (1999), Servisco (Poland) (2000), Mróz (2001–2002), Action nVidia Mróz (2003), Action ATI (2004), Intel-Action (2005), (2006), and (Italy) (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9628680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628680" title="Sardis, Ohio">
Sardis, Ohio

Sardis is a census-designated place (CDP) in southeastern Lee Township, Monroe County, Ohio, United States. It is unincorporated, but has a post office with the ZIP code of 43946. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 559.
Sardis is at the intersection of Ohio State Routes 7 and 255. An Ohio River town, it lies below Hannibal and above New Matamoras.
Sardis shares a consolidated high school (River Pilots) with Antioch, Duffy, Fly, Hannibal, Laings, Powhatan Point, and Clarington.
Geography.
Sardis is located at . According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="9628686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628686" title="Laings, Ohio">
Laings, Ohio

Laings is an unincorporated community in central Green Township, Monroe County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43752. It lies along State Route 255.

</doc>
<doc id="9628690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628690" title="Hannibal, Ohio">
Hannibal, Ohio

Hannibal is a census-designated place in eastern Ohio Township, Monroe County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43931. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 411.
Hannibal lies along Ohio State Route 7 near an intersection with Ohio State Route 536. An Ohio River town, it lies below Powhatan Point and above Sardis.
Hannibal is also home to River High School (Hannibal, Ohio)
Geography.
Hannibal is located at (39.6718, -80.8741). According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="9628701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628701" title="Antipater of Cyrene">
Antipater of Cyrene

Antipater of Cyrene (fl. 4th-century BCE) was one of the disciples of Aristippus, the founder of the Cyrenaic school of philosophy. He had a pupil called Epitimedes of Cyrene. According to Cicero, he was blind, and when some women bewailed the fact, he replied, "What do you mean? Do you think the night can furnish no pleasure?"

</doc>
<doc id="9628712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628712" title="Yevgeniya Shapovalova">
Yevgeniya Shapovalova

Yevgeniya Anatolyevna Shapovalova (; born June 15, 1986 in Nizhny Tagil) is a Russian cross country skier who has been competing since 2006. At the 2010 Winter Olympics, she finished 28th in the individual sprint event.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 in Sapporo, Shapovalova finished 12th in the team sprint and 19th in the individual sprint events.
Her lone World Cup victory was in a sprint event in China in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9628724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628724" title="Patachou, Petit Garçon">
Patachou, Petit Garçon

Patachou, Petit Garçon (published in 1929) is a collection of articles, prose, and poems by Tristan Derème about the everyday life of a curious and mischievous child. It is a probable inspiration for "Le Petit Prince" by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9628726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628726" title="Zil-e-Huma Usman">
Zil-e-Huma Usman

Zil-e-Huma Usman (September 16, 1971 – February 20, 2007) was a Pakistani politician and activist for women's rights.
While serving as the provincial minister for social welfare in Punjab, she was shot and killed on February 20, 2007 in Gujranwala, a city in that province some 200 kilometres south-east of Islamabad, where she had gone to address a political rally.
Her assassin, Mohammed Sarwar, was reported to have been motivated by her refusal to abide by the Islamic code of dress and a dislike for the involvement of women in political affairs. The killer had previously been jailed in connection with the killing and mutilation of four prostitutes and told a television channel “I will kill all those women who do not follow the right path, if I am freed again”. On March 20, 2007, Sarwar was sentenced to death. he died in Kot Lakhpat Jail Lahore on January 27, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9628736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628736" title="The Family Doctor">
The Family Doctor

Today the magazine is best known for the readers' letters about sexual fetishism. Subjects: Corset, Corporal Punishment, Whipping of girls, Tight lacing, Tight boots.

</doc>
<doc id="9628742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628742" title="Antipater of Derbe">
Antipater of Derbe

Antipater of Derbe was a tyrant or prince of Derbe. He was a friend of Cicero's, one of whose letters, of uncertain date, is addressed on Antipater's behalf to Quintus Philippus, proconsul of the province of Asia, who was offended with Antipater and therefore held his sons hostage. (Strab. xii. p. 392 ; Cic. ad Fam. xiii. 73.) 
Amyntas, the Lycaonian chieftain, murdered him and seized his principality. 

</doc>
<doc id="9628756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628756" title="Cameron, Ohio">
Cameron, Ohio

Cameron is an unincorporated community in eastern Adams Township, Monroe County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43914. It lies along State Route 78.

</doc>
<doc id="9628759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628759" title="I Got a Brand New Egg Layin' Machine">
I Got a Brand New Egg Layin' Machine

"I Got a Brand New Egg Layin' Machine" is the debut mini album of Goon Moon released on Suicide Squeeze Records. According to member Chris Goss the album "... runs the gamut from pure rock to tracks that just sound like noise." The cover art was done by Jesse LeDoux.

</doc>
<doc id="9628761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628761" title="Sycamore Valley, Ohio">
Sycamore Valley, Ohio

Sycamore Valley is an unincorporated community in northern Bethel Township, Monroe County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43789.

</doc>
<doc id="9628764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628764" title="Stockdale, Ohio">
Stockdale, Ohio

Stockdale is an unincorporated community in southern Marion Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45683. Stockdale is served by the Minford Telephone Company and Eastern Local Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9628768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628768" title="Latham, Ohio">
Latham, Ohio

Latham is an unincorporated community in eastern Mifflin Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45646. It lies along State Route 124.

</doc>
<doc id="9628770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628770" title="Jasper, Ohio">
Jasper, Ohio

Jasper is an unincorporated community in eastern Newton Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45642. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 32, 104, and 124 along the banks of the Scioto River.

</doc>
<doc id="9628779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628779" title="Vincenzo Vela">
Vincenzo Vela

Vincenzo Vela (May 3, 1820 - October 3, 1891) was a Swiss sculptor, active mainly in northern Italy.
Biography.
Vela was born in Ligornetto in the canton of Ticino to parents of little means. Having started work as boy as a stonecutter at mines of Besazio, Vela received his initial training at Viggiù and then moved to Milan, where he worked on the Cathedral and enrolled at the Brera Academy of Fine Arts in 1832. In Milan, he worked under Professor Cacciatori.
The influence of Lorenzo Bartolini’s work led to the adoption of a naturalistic approach and the early 1840s saw a number of figures in contemporary dress in obvious contrast to the classical approach still dominant in sculpture. Francesco Hayez played an active part in securing prestigious commissions for him from the liberal aristocracy and bourgeoisie of Lombardy, above all for works of a patriotic nature alluding to the Italian political situation. After a short stay in Rome, he enlisted in 1848 to serve as a volunteer in the first war of independence. He then moved to Turin, where he held the chair in sculpture at the Albertina Academy, in 1852. His repertoire of funerary monuments, portraits and public works drawing inspiration from the struggle for national liberation proved a great success also in France, where his work dedicated to the last days of Napoleon’s life won a prize at the Paris Universal Exhibition of 1867 and ensured his renown. He returned to Ligornetto in the same year and took up residence in the villa built to house the works from his studios in Turin. His mature production is characterised by a repertoire of portraits and funerary monuments, and includes a naturalistic relief dedicated to the 199 workers killed during the construction of the Gotthard Rail Tunnel (1882–83).
His first piece winning an award at a contest at the Brera was a bas-relief depicting the "Return of Ulysses to Ithaca". He then won in Venetian competition (gold medal and 60 zecchini) among submissions from Northern Italy with a model for a sculpture depicting Christ resurrects that daughter of Jair".
With this award he traveled to Rome, to study and work. Vela returned to Milan to fight in the wars for independence against Austria. Once the rebellion was staunched, Vela completed the marble statue of "Spartacus breaking his Chains"; the resonance of the theme would not have been lost on Italian patriots. Vela refused the offer by the Austrian authorities to join the Academy of Fine Arts of Milan. He was imprisoned for his political views, and exiled to his hometown in Switzerland. There he began work on his statue of the carabiniere Francesco Cartoni, killed by the Austrians at Sommacampagna, and a statue of William Tell for Lugano.
In 1852, he accepted a professorship at the Accademia Albertina of Turin. There he completed "Rassegnazione", for the contessa Loschi of Vicenza; a statue for the mathematician Piola; a statue of the poet Tommaso Grossi, one of the philosopher Rosmini; a Minerva for Lisbon; a statue of Count Cavour, for the atrium of the Bourse in Genoa; a monument to Donizetti, with an allegorical female representing Harmony crying beside the portrait of great master. His statue of Hope was for the funereal monument of the Prever Family of Turin; his "Cesare Balbo", for the public gardens of Turin; he made two statues of the two queens Maria Adelaide and Maria Teresa; Primavera, for the Bottàccini family of Trieste; "L'Alfiere combattente", standing before the palazzo Madama in Turin. He completes a "monument to Manin" in Turin. Vela completed: a Vittorio Emanuele, for the Palazzo Civico of Turin; a Carlo Alberto, for the Royal Palace; a statue of Joachim Murat, For the camposanto of the Certosa in Bologna he completed: statues of Dante and Giotto for Prato della Valle in Padoa; and la Pregante. At the French Exposition of 1863, Vela exhibited: "L' Italia riconoscente alla Francia", donated by Milan to empress Eugenia. She also commissioned a statue of Christopher Columbus in bronze for Vera Cruz, Mexico.
Museo Vincenzo Vela.
His son, Spartaco Vela (1853-1895), was a landscape painter who trained at the Brera Academy. Spartaco willed the house and works in his father's studio to the Swiss government for the establishment of a museum: "Museo Vincenzo Vela" in Ligornetto. The house designed by the architect Cipriano Ajmetti, was restructured in 2001 by architect Mario Botta, and displays the works of the sculptor in a novel setting. The museum displays some of Spartaco's paintings and sculptures of his uncle Lorenzo Vela.
The museum also contains contemporary paintings collected by the three Velas. Those of Lorenzo, include works of Ambrogio Preda (1839-1906), Luigi Scrosati (1814-1869), Giuseppe Landriani (1824-1894), Eleuterio Pagliano (1826-1903), Bartolomeo Giuliano (1825-1909), Federico Faruffini (1833-1869), and Mosé Bianchi (1840-1904). Those of Spartaco include works from his Milanese circle of painters, including by his friend Giovanni Segantini (1858-1899), Eugenio Spreafico (1856-1919), FiIippo Carcano, Pio Sanquirico (1847-1900), and Franceso Fiocchi (1856-1936). Those works collected by Vincenzo include works by Gaetano Fasanotti (1831-1882), Ernesto Allason (1822-1869), Leone Eydoux (1829-1875), the brothers Domenico (1815-1878) and Gerolamo Induno (1827-1890), Enrico Gamba (1825-1909), Giuseppe Bertini (1825-1898), and Pierre (Henri Theodore) Tetar van Elven (1828-1908).

</doc>
<doc id="9628780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628780" title="Animal migration">
Animal migration

Animal migration is the relatively long-distance movement of individuals, usually on a seasonal basis. It is found in all major animal groups, including birds, mammals, fish, reptiles, amphibians, insects, and crustaceans. The trigger for the migration may be local climate, local availability of food, the season of the year or for mating reasons. To be counted as a true migration, and not just a local dispersal or irruption, the movement of the animals should be an annual or seasonal occurrence, such as birds migrating south for the winter; wildebeest migrating annually for seasonal grazing; or a major habitat change as part of their life, such as young Atlantic salmon leaving the river of their birth when they have reached a few inches in size.
Overview.
Migration can take very different forms in different species, and as such there is no simple accepted definition of migration. One of the most commonly used definitions, proposed by Kennedy is
Migratory behavior is persistent and straightened out movement effected by the animal’s own locomotory exertions or by its active embarkation upon a vehicle. It depends on some temporary inhibition of station keeping responses but promotes their eventual disinhibition and recurrence.
Migration encompasses four related concepts: persistent straight movement; relocation of an individual on a greater scale (both spatially and temporally) than its normal daily activities; seasonal ‘to-and-fro’ movement of a population between two areas; and movement leading to the redistribution of individuals within a population. Migration can be either obligate, meaning individuals must migrate, or facultative, meaning individuals can choose to migrate or not. Within a migratory species or even within a single population, often not all individuals migrate. "Complete migration" is when all individuals migrate, "partial migration" is when some individuals migrate while others do not, and "differential migration" is when the difference between migratory and non-migratory individuals is based on age or sex (for example).
While most migratory movements occur on an annual cycle, some daily movements are also referred to as migration. Many aquatic animals make a Diel vertical migration, travelling a few hundred metres up and down the water column, while some jellyfish make daily horizontal migrations, traveling a few hundred metres across a lake.
Irregular (non-cyclical) migrations such as irruptions can occur under pressure of famine, overpopulation of a locality, or some more obscure influence.
In specific groups.
Different kinds of animal migrate in different ways.
In birds.
Roughly 1800 of the world's 10,000 bird species migrate long distances each year in response to the seasons. Many of these migrations are north-south, with species feeding and breeding in high northern latitudes in the summer, and moving some hundreds of kilometres south for the winter. Some species extend this strategy to migrate annually between the northern and southern hemispheres. The Arctic tern is famous for its migration; it flies from its Arctic breeding grounds to the Antarctic and back again each year, a distance of at least , giving it two summers every year.
In fish.
Most fish species are relatively limited in their movements, remaining in a single geographical area and making short migrations for wintering, to spawn, or to feed. A few hundred species migrate long distances, in some cases of thousands of kilometres. About 120 species of fish, including several species of salmon, migrate between saltwater and freshwater (they are 'diadromous').
Forage fish such as herring and capelin migrate around substantial parts of the North Atlantic ocean. The capelin for example spawn around the southern and western coasts of Iceland; their larvae drift clockwise around Iceland, while the fish swim northwards towards Jan Mayen island to feed, and return to Iceland parallel with Greenland's east coast.
In the 'sardine run', billions of Southern African pilchard "Sardinops sagax" spawn in the cool waters of the Agulhas Bank and move northward along the east coast of South Africa between May and July.
In insects.
Some winged insects such as locusts and certain butterflies and dragonflies with strong flight migrate long distances. Among the dragonflies, species of "Libellula" and "Sympetrum" are known for mass migration, while "Pantala flavescens", known as the globe skimmer or wandering glider dragonfly, makes the longest ocean crossing of any insect, between India and Africa.
In some migratory butterflies, such as the monarch and the painted lady, no individual completes the whole migration. Instead the butterflies mate and reproduce on the journey, and successive generations travel the next stage of the migration.
In other animals.
Mass migration occurs in mammals such as the Serengeti 'great migration', an annual circular pattern of movement with some 1.7 million Wildebeest and hundreds of thousands of other large game animals including gazelles and zebra.
Migration is important in other mammals including Cetaceans, the whales, dolphins and porpoises. Long-distance migrations occur in some bats, notably the mass migration of the Mexican free-tailed bat between Oregon and southern Mexico.
Some reptiles and amphibians migrate.
Some crustaceans migrate, most spectacularly the Christmas Island red crab which moves en masse each year by the million.
Tracking migration.
Scientists gather observations of animal migration by tracking their movements. Animals were traditionally tracked with identification tags such as bird rings for later recovery; no information was obtained about the actual route followed between release and recovery, and only a small fraction of tagged individuals were generally recovered. More convenient, therefore, are electronic devices such as radio tracking collars which can be followed by radio, whether handheld, in a vehicle or aircraft, or by satellite. Tags can include a GPS receiver, enabling accurate positions to be broadcast at regular intervals, but these are inevitably heavier and more expensive than devices without GPS. An alternative is the Argos Doppler tag, also called a 'Platform Transmitter Terminal' (PTT) which sends regularly to the polar-orbiting Argos satellites; using Doppler shift, the animal's location can be estimated, relatively roughly compared to GPS, but at lower cost and weight.
Radio tracking tags can be fitted to insects including dragonflies and bees.
In culture.
Before the phenomenon of animal migration was understood, various folklore and erroneous explanations sprang up to account for the disappearance or sudden arrival of birds in an area. In Ancient Greece, Aristotle proposed that robins turned into redstarts when summer arrived. The barnacle goose was explained in European Medieval bestiaries and manuscripts as either growing like fruit on trees, or developing from goose barnacles on pieces of driftwood. Another example is the swallow, which was once thought, even by naturalists such as Gilbert White, to hibernate either underwater, buried in muddy riverbanks, or in hollow trees.

</doc>
<doc id="9628785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628785" title="Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan 2">
Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan 2

Storyline.
"Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii" follows more or less the storyline from the original "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan", and is set roughly six years after the original game based on the game manual and the age differences of returning characters. Players act as the leader of a three-person cheerleading squad. Whenever someone is stressed out or backed into a corner, all they need to do is shout "Ouendan!" (Japanese for "Cheer Squad"). Then, the Ouendan appear (usually out of a place like a closet or waiting there while eating ramen) and use cheering and dance to help that someone through their troubles. The map of the territory that the Ouendan patrol within "Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii" is the same as that found in the original game, although it has been turned ninety degrees and is now rendered using 3D graphics.
The original Ouendan (signified by wearing their long Gakuran jackets) are still present in this game, cheering people on. However, a new rival Ouendan appear that challenge the original Ouendan in skill and cheering (the "new" Ouendan are signified by their blue military-style outfits.) The individual stories are all unrelated, but characters featured in one stage may appear as background or supporting characters in another. One can also see characters from the first "Ouendan" game as lead, supporting or background characters, such as the pottery maker from the first game that appears as a guest at a hot springs, and gifts the hot springs family with new pottery work should the player be successful in the stage. In the final stage, all of the characters in the game unite when the two Ouendan join together and once again lead the entire world in a cheer to save Earth when the sun's activity stops, plunging Earth into another ice age.
Gameplay.
As in the original game, this sequel is played almost entirely via touch screen (the only actual face button used is the Start button for pausing the game). The player acts as the Ouendan, who cheer on the people that are in turmoil and shout out for them (the original "Black" Ouendan control the west side of that world, Yūhi Town, and the new "Blue" Ouendan control the east side, Asahi Town.) The gameplay plays out identically to that found in the first "Ouendan"; the player must tap colored circles in precise time with the music in order to cheer the character through his or her problems. There are three types of marker:
The top screen displays the stage's protagonist overcoming his or her dilemma. If the player's cheering is good, then the meter at the top of the touch screen stays in the yellow, and the character is seen triumphing over whatever it is holding him or her back. If the player's cheering is bad, then the meter on the top of the screen falls to the red and the character struggles. If the player's performance is particularly poor, the meter will hit the bottom and the mission will end in failure. Then, the player can either try again, quit to do something else, or review the last five seconds of gameplay up to where he or she lost.
At intervals in the song, the story progresses on the top screen. If the meter remains in the yellow, then the story will progress positively (scoring an "O") and if the meter is in the red, it will progress negatively (scoring an "X"). The number of Os and Xs given will determine the story's outcome from one of three possibilities: a good ending, which results in a special illustration, an average ending, or a bad ending. The final two levels do not adhere to this pattern.
"Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii" contains multiple enhancements over the original game, many of which were first featured in "Elite Beat Agents". These features include the ability to save stage replay data and use it later in a "ghost versus" mode, 4-player wireless play, Rumble Pak compatibility, multiple stage endings depending on the player's performance, and the ability to skip intro and epilogue sections of each stage. Also, as the player earns new ranks by achieving cumulative high score totals across all stages and difficulties, three additional bonus stages are unlocked when specific ranks are earned.
Brand new features introduced to the series for the first time in "Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii" include the ability to save 20 replay data files: in "Elite Beat Agents", players could only save one replay for each song regardless of difficulty, and saving a new one would overwrite it. Moreover, on the easiest difficulty, the player can continue a failed stage from the point the failure occurred, beginning with half of the life bar. It is also possible to unlock a mode in which the game's timer circles/markers are disabled, forcing the player to hit the markers with only the rhythm of the music as a guide. On the Kigaru ni Ōen mode, only the timer circles are missing. On all other difficulty levels, the whole marker disappears, and as the player moves up the difficulty levels, the markers disappear faster. The game also includes an unlockable gallery featuring pictures of the various cheer teams unlocked each time a specific player rank is reached, the "end of stage" images, and the Story mode scenes. The multiplayer mode has also been upgraded, as players are now allowed to use the male cheerleaders on Karei ni Ōen mode. They retain their male animations, except their dancing corresponds to the positioning of the Very Hard markers. Likewise, the player is allowed to use a Cheer Girl on the easier difficulties, retaining the female moves, but the dances correspond to the male markers. As well as being able to skip song intros, players can now skip the ending sequence of songs they have previously completed.
"Elite Beat Agents" characters.
Between June 28 and July 11, 2007, players could use a Japanese DS Download Station to unlock additional characters from "Elite Beat Agents". This can also be achieved with an Action Replay DS. This provides an "EBA Mode" which replaces both Ouendan squads in the single player game with the Elite Beat Agents or the Elite Beat Divas (although cutscenes and pictures are unaltered), and also allows the use of "Agent J" and the Ramen Shop Cat in multiplayer matches. In the final stage, the Elite Beat Agents replace the original Ouendan, while the backup dancers of the Blue Ouendan are led by the Ramen Shop Cat. Animations do not change, other than the fact that their right hands never open due to the microphone's presence.
Track list.
Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii features 19 tracks in total, most of which are cover versions. The following track list is organized by the order in which they are unlocked, the original artist of the song and the name of the song.
The following three tracks are unlockable within the course of the game by achieving cumulative high scores across all difficulty levels and stages. As certain high score totals are reached, the player will move up in rank, and by achieving certain ranks, a bonus stage and track is unlocked. When these levels are unlocked before completing some of the difficulties, they are released in relevant tiers and must be completed along with the other songs to progress to the next tier. In the order in which they are unlocked, they are:

</doc>
<doc id="9628786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628786" title="Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar">
Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar

The Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar is the semi-autonomous government of Zanzibar, a part of Tanzania. It is made up of a Revolutionary Council and a House of Representatives of Zanzibar. The head of the government is the President of Zanzibar, who is also the chairman of the Revolutionary Council, currently Dr. Ali Mohammed Shein.

</doc>
<doc id="9628818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628818" title="Sulu Range">
Sulu Range

The Sulu Range consists of a group of overlapping small stratovolcanos on the island of New Britain in Papua New Guinea. The highest point in Mount Malopu at the southwestern end of the complex. Eruptions from a new vent began in July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9628821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628821" title="Council of the Islamic Revolution">
Council of the Islamic Revolution

The Council of the Islamic Revolution (Persian: شورای انقلاب اسلامی, Showra-ye Enghelāb Eslāmi) was a group formed by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to manage the Iranian Revolution on 12 January 1979, shortly before he returned to Iran. "Over the next few months there issued from the council hundreds of rulings and laws, dealing with everything from bank nationalization to nurses' salaries." Its existence was kept a secret during the early, less secure time of the revolution, and its members and the exact nature of what the council did remained undisclosed to the public until early 1980. Some of the council's members like Motahhari, Taleqani, Bahonar, Mohammad Beheshti, Qarani died during Iran-Iraq War or were assassinated by the MKO during the first years after the revolution. Most of those who remained were put aside by the Regime.
Overview.
The Council was composed of seven religious figures associated with Khomeini, seven secular opposition figures, and two representatives of the security forces.
According to Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, Khomeini chose Beheshti, Motahhari, Rafsanjani, Bahonar, Mir-Hossein Mousavi and Musavi Ardabili as members. These invited others to serve: Bazargan, Taleqani, Khamenei, Abolhassan Banisadr, Mahdavi Kani, Yadollah Sahabi, Katirayee, Ahmad Seyed Javadi, Qarani and Ali Asqr Masoodi, Ali Akbar Moinfar, Nasser Minachi (until 1979) and Sadegh Ghotbzade.
The council put Mahdi Bazargan forward as the prime minister of the temporary government of Iran, which Khomeini accepted.
It has been described as "a parallel government" that passed laws and competed with the official Provisional Revolutionary Government whose leading members had come from the council.
The council served as the undisputed government of Iran from the resignation of Bazargan and the rest of the Provisional Revolutionary Government until the formation of first parliament. (6 November 1979 - 12 August 1980).
Among the actions the council took was the April 1979 creation of revolutionary tribunals to try and execute enemies of the revolution; nationalization of companies; the delivery of an ultimatum in April 1980 to leftists groups to leave Iranian universities. Following this, a "large number" of leftist were "killed or wounded".
Members of the council were not in complete agreement as to how they wanted Iran to be governed. Abolhassan Banisadr, Ebrahim Yazdi, and Sadegh Ghotbzadeh, and the Ayatollah Mahmoud Taleghani favoured a democratic government, while Khomeini, Beheshti, and other clerics desired a constitution with a planning council but no elected parliament, as law would be based on Sharia law interpreted by mujtahid. The later vision prevailed after the assassination of Ayatollah Mutahhari and the death of Ayatollah Mahmoud Taleghani on 10 September 1979 greatly strengthened the Islamists' hand.

</doc>
<doc id="9628824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628824" title="Cynthiana, Ohio">
Cynthiana, Ohio

Cynthiana is a census-designated place in northwestern Perry Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45624. It lies along State Route 41.

</doc>
<doc id="9628829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628829" title="Wakefield, Ohio">
Wakefield, Ohio

Wakefield is an unincorporated community in southwestern Scioto Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it historically had a post office, with the ZIP code of 45687. Although the post office was closed on September 2, 2005, the community retains its ZIP code. It lies along Wakefield Mound Road.

</doc>
<doc id="9628831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628831" title="Antipater of Tarsus">
Antipater of Tarsus

Antipater (; died 130/129 BC) of Tarsus was a Stoic philosopher. He was the pupil and successor of Diogenes of Babylon as leader of the Stoic school, and was the teacher of Panaetius. He wrote works on the gods and on divination, and in ethics he took a higher moral ground than that of his teacher Diogenes.
Life.
Very little is known about his life, except that he was the disciple and successor of Diogenes of Babylon as leader of the Stoic school in Athens, and he was the teacher of Panaetius. The few extant accounts of his philosophical opinions would not be sufficient grounds for any great reputation, if it were not for the testimony of ancient authors to his merit. Plutarch speaks of him with Zeno, Cleanthes, and Chrysippus, as one of the principal Stoic philosophers, and Cicero mentions him as remarkable for acuteness. He seems to have taken the lead during his lifetime in the disputes constantly recurring between his own school and the Academy, although he is said to have felt himself so unequal in argument to his contemporary Carneades in public debates, that he confined himself to writing; by which he was called "Pen-noise" ().
Philosophy.
He taught belief in God as "a Being blessed, incorruptible, and of goodwill to men," and blamed those who ascribed to the gods "generation and corruption," which is said to have been the doctrine of Chrysippus. Besides this treatise on the gods, he also wrote two books on divination, a common topic among the Stoics, in which he proved the truth of the subject from the foreknowledge and benevolence of God, explained dreams to be supernatural intimations of the future, and collected stories of divination attributed to Socrates. He is said to have believed that Fate was a god, though it is not clear what was implied in this expression; and it appears from Athenaeus that he wrote a treatise entitled "On Superstition" ().
Of his labours in moral philosophy nothing remains except a few scattered statements which concern points of detail, and have more to do with the application of moral precepts than with the principles themselves; such as they were, however, he took higher ground in solving them than his master Diogenes:
If a wise man should inadvertently accept counterfeit money for good, will he offer it as genuine in payment of a debt after he discovers his mistake?" Diogenes says, "Yes," Antipater, "No," and I agree with him. If a man knowingly offers for sale wine that is spoiling, ought he to tell his customers? Diogenes thinks that it is not required; Antipater holds that an honest man would do so.

</doc>
<doc id="9628832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628832" title="Shomrim (neighborhood watch group)">
Shomrim (neighborhood watch group)

Shomrim (, lit. "watchers" or "guards") are organizations of proactive volunteer Jewish civilian patrols which have been set up in Hasidic and Haredi communities in neighborhoods across the United States and England to combat burglary, vandalism, mugging, assault, domestic violence, nuisance crimes, antisemitic attacks, etc., and to help and support victims of crime. They also help locate missing people.
Shomrim volunteers are unarmed and do not have the authority to make arrests, other than Citizen's arrest. They are effective in tracking and detaining suspects until police arrive. Occasionally some Shomrim members have been cited for using excessive force against suspects, particularly non-Jews.
In Brooklyn, Baltimore, and London many residents call Shomrim instead of the police due to the former's quicker response time. However, the volunteer patrol has been criticized by the New York City Police Department for not always notifying police when a call comes in. In London however, the Hackney Police Borough Commander Chief Superintendent Matthew Horne complimented Shomrim on this point, saying that "they will generally know when is the time to call us. They don't tend to waste our time and they don't let people go". Additionally, Brooklyn Shomrim organizers have been accused of withholding information on suspected child molesters and other Jewish criminals, in keeping with an interpretation of the Torah prohibition against "mesirah" (informing on a fellow Jew to the non-Jewish authorities).
History.
Shomrim was first established in the Hasidic Brooklyn neighborhoods of Boro Park, Crown Heights, Flatbush, and Williamsburg in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Similar patrols were later established in Hasidic and Haredi neighborhoods in Monsey, New York, Baltimore, Miami, Waterbury, Connecticut, and London, England.
Volunteers.
Shomrim volunteers, who are unpaid, are mostly members of the Hasidic and Haredi Jewish communities that they serve, however around 70 per cent of the victims they help are not from the orthodox Jewish community, usually just local residents from any race or religion. Despite previous reports, London Shomrim does not require that its members must be Jewish, male, employed or married, according to Stamford Hill Shomrim volunteer Michael. In Brooklyn, Shomrim members, according to their coordinator, are fingerprinted and checked for a criminal record before being allowed to join the patrol. In Stamford Hill, London, Shomrim volunteers undergo training according to Security Industry Authority standards and are CRB checked prior to joining as a volunteer.
Shomrim volunteers – who range from a few dozen to over 100, depending on the group – work on foot or in cars. Generally, members work two to a vehicle that is equipped with a radio and a siren. However the UK divisions of Shomrim do not have audible or visual warning equipment (blues-and-twos) fitted in their vehicles. Some Brooklyn patrols have marked cars which resemble New York City Police Department vehicles, but most use their own, unmarked cars. The patrols may also carry walkie-talkies. They wear identifying jackets and yarmulkes on the job.
The volunteers, says a coordinator, do not carry guns, batons, pepper spray, or handcuffs, and do not have the authority to make arrests. However, they are trained in how to safely track and detain suspects until police arrive, otherwise known as Citizen's arrest. They have been known to quickly mobilize area residents to block off streets in order to stop suspects.
Operations.
Each Shomrim group maintains its own dispatcher and 24-hour hotline, whose number is known throughout the Orthodox Jewish community.
Shomrim responds to a wide variety of crimes and cases, including reports of purse snatching, vandalism, car and bicycle thefts, and missing people. Volunteers patrol the city streets in the wee hours of the morning as a deterrent presence. When they are not on duty, they remain on call, and are often summoned to help other Shomrim groups or other Jewish community rescue organizations such as Hatzalah and Chaverim during large-scale search and rescue operations.
Shomrim has been effective in apprehending suspects of burglaries robberies, assault, car thefts, vandalism, domestic violence, nuisance crimes, and antisemitic attacks. In an incident in 2010, four Brooklyn South Shomrim volunteers gave chase to a suspected child predator who suddenly drew a gun and shot each of them. Following that incident, the Brooklyn South Shomrim were issued bullet-proof vests by the New York State Senate.
Shomrim volunteers have occasionally been criticized for using excessive force with suspects, particularly non-Jews. In 1996 a Crown Heights Shomrim volunteer was convicted of assault charges after repeatedly hitting a suspect on the head with a walkie-talkie after the man had been subdued. In 2010 a Baltimore Shomrim volunteer was arrested for allegedly striking a black teenager. He was suspended pending internal investigation, with Shomrim confident that he would be vindicated in court, and was sentenced to three years of probation in 2012. In 2011, two Monsey Shomrim volunteers were charged with misdemeanors in a fracas that erupted after a girl hit a passing van with a water balloon.
Police relations.
Shomrim maintains a delicate working relationship with local police departments and Shomrim regularly shares its information on crime with officers.
The relationship is a sensitive one, however. Many residents of Hasidic neighborhoods in Brooklyn, Baltimore, and Stamford Hill tend to call Shomrim in an emergency rather than the police. Shomrim cites its faster response time, knowledge of the territory, and ability to speak Yiddish, the language of the Hasidic community, for the residents' preference. While the expectation is for Shomrim to notify police, this is done in some cases but not in others. New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly has publicly stated that Shomrim does not immediately notify police when a call comes in. This was highlighted in the 2011 missing-child case of Leiby Kletzky (see below): the first call by Kletzky's mother reporting her missing child was received by Brooklyn South Shomrim more than two hours before Kletzky's father called the police. The Brooklyn South Shomrim explains that it does not always notify police immediately in cases of missing children, since it receives at least 10 such calls a day and is experienced in quickly locating children by searching candy stores, buses, and relatives' homes. In London however, the Hackney Police Borough Commander Chief Superintendent Matthew Horne complimented Shomrim on this point, saying that "they will generally know when is the time to call us. They don't tend to waste our time and they don't let people go".
In Brooklyn, the civilian patrol has been accused of withholding information about suspected local child molesters. One Brooklyn South Shomrim member acknowledged to the press that they maintain a file of suspected local child molesters, and some believe that this file includes the suspects' photos and the make, model and license-plate number of their cars. But Shomrim does not share this information with police due to the Torah prohibition against "mesirah" (informing on a fellow Jew to the non-Jewish authorities). However, another high-ranking member claims that the other member was misquoted, and that the list that Brooklyn South Shomrim maintains is culled from the New York Sex Offender Registry. Members of the Williamsburg Shomrim always consult a rabbi before involving police in a crime committed by one Jew against another.
The founding of Shomrim organizations in North West London and Stamford Hill in 2008 initially met with disapproval by the London Metropolitan Police, which questioned the existence of a community patrol working in tandem with trained police officers and claimed they were endangering themselves. In 2009, a new borough commander in Hackney consulted with the New York Police Department to draw up a list of expectations for the volunteer patrol. The Stamford Hill and the North West London Shomrim agreed to have its members undergo background checks and sign a code of conduct, and pledged to implement disciplinary measures for members who "act inappropriately". Today the Hackney borough commander commends Shomrim in its role as "evidence-gathers" and support for police activities. and they have received public praise from the higher ranks. including most recently Stamford Hill Shomrim received a formal commendation award from the local Metropolitan Police Borough Commander
Stamford Hill Shomrim members receive ongoing training from the Police at Stoke Newington Police Station and are kept updated about new, targeted Police operations in the area.
Funding.
Shomrim organizations receive voluntary donations mostly from members of the Orthodox Jewish Community they serve.
New York Shomrim groups have been successful at securing taxpayer funding in member earmarks for their operations, allowing them to buy sophisticated equipment. Commentators cite the groups' effectiveness and also their political clout as a voting bloc that follows rabbis' direction.
List of Shomrim organizations.
Shomrim organizations in each neighbourhood or city operates independently. There are some exceptions, where there is a tight affiliation with neighbouring Shomrim organizations, a loose affiliation of neighbouring Shomrim organizations, or some other basic level of cooperation.
Brooklyn South Shomrim.
The Shomrim Brooklyn South Safety Patrol, which covers the neighborhoods of Boro Park, Bensonhurst, and Kensington, was founded in the 1980s by Jacob Daskal. In the beginning the group was known as the "Bakery Boys" as its members were bakers who observed late-night car break-ins in progress. Its command center is located in a tire shop. The dispatchers, owners of the tire shop, receive about 100 calls a day and direct a force of 150 members.
Brooklyn South Shomrim came to international attention as the coordinator of a massive volunteer search for Leiby Kletzky, an 8-year-old Boro Park boy who went missing while walking home from day camp in July 2011; he was later found murdered by a Kensington resident. The Brooklyn South command center alerted other Shomrim patrols in Flatbush, Williamsburg, and Crown Heights, as well as Hasidic communities in Monsey, Monroe, Lawrence, Passaic, and Lakewood, to mobilize up to 5,000 Orthodox Jewish volunteers for a block-by-block search for the missing boy. After police identified the suspect's car from surveillance videos, two Flatbush volunteers searching in nearby Kensington spotted the car; the suspect was apprehended by police shortly after. Later the Brooklyn South Shomrim maintained order at the huge funeral for the victim and outside the parents' home during the week-long "shiva" period.
Shomrim London, Stamford Hill (UK).
The Stamford Hill Shomrim founded in 2008 has many volunteers and a 24-hour emergency hotline. Shomrim volunteers undergo training according to Security Industry Authority standards and are CRB checked prior to joining as a volunteer. Members receive ongoing training at Stoke Newington Police Station and are kept updated about new, targeted Police operations in the area. In its first five months of operation, the hotline received 2,000 calls reporting burglaries, thefts, muggings, missing people etc. On average, Stamford Hill Shomrim receives approximately 4500 hotline calls a year, however the members deal with incidents as and when they come across it too. Incoming calls are dispatched to local Shomrim volunteers via two-way radios. While police figures previously showed Stamford Hill to have the lowest crime rate in the borough of Hackney, the presence of Shomrim has revealed that crime was being underreported by the largely Yiddish-speaking Hasidic community.
Stamford Hill Shomrim proactively patrol and operate in North & East London primarily but not exclusively, typically in the N16 E5 and N15 postcodes, generally referred to as Stamford Hill, Upper Clapton and South Tottenham, which includes these wards (wholly or partly) in Hackney & Haringey: Brownswood, Stoke Newington Central, Stamford Hill West, Woodbury Down (formerly Lordship & New River), Springfield, Cazenove, Leabridge, Hackney Downs, Seven Sisters and St. Ann's. On many occasions, especially during searches for High Risk Missing People, Stamford Hill Shomrim members would patrol out of these boundaries.
Stamford Hill Shomrim is currently headed by three Trustees, a Discipline Committee and an Executive Committee elected by its members. Rabbi Kurt Stern MBE and Isaac Kornbluh who are both members of the Hackney Police Independent Advisory Group, act as liaisons between Shomrim and the Police. In 2012, Joe Lobenstein MBE, formerly elected Mayor of Hackney on 4 consecutive elections, was appointed as President of Stamford Hill Shomrim. Shomrim is registered with the Charity Commission as 'Community Safety Patrol'.
In 2013, after the tragic murder of drummer Lee Rigby, and an increase in Hate Crime towards the wider Muslim Community, Stamford Hill Shomrim offered to help the local Muslim Community and keep a watchful eye on local Mosques and Muslim Community Centres which was gratefully welcomed by the North London Muslim Community as stated by 'Eusoof Amerat', a Muslim community advocate in Hackney and commended by Hackney Police Borough Commander. Shomrim also advised the centre on security issues according to 'Munaf Zeena' the chairman of the North London Muslim Community Centre.
Stamford Hill Shomrim have on many occasions received public praise from the higher ranks, like on one occasion Metropolitan Police Superintendent David Grainger after a successful double arrest for burglary on the vulnerable, and have received applauds from Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime Stephen Greenhalgh. And most recently Stamford Hill Shomrim received a formal commendation award from the Hackney Police Borough Commander.
Shomrim London NW (UK).
Shomrim London North West Community Patrol was founded by Mr Gary Ost in 2008. Shomrim London NW is a non profit registered charity which operates as "mobile neighborhood watch" and acts as eyes and ears to the local Community & the Metropolitan Police. Volunteer Patrol members patrol the streets of Golders Green, Childs Hill, Hendon, Finchley and Temple Fortune whereby members report crime to the Metropolitan Police. At least 2 vehicles patrol the area every night.
Shomrim London NW operate a 24 hour emergency response team which will dispatch units to a scene of an emergency and will liaise with the other responding emergency services. Volunteers are in radio contact, and dispatched via a central dispatcher.
Shomrim London NW has the capability to deal with various scenarios including the locating of missing persons and protocols are in place for full scale searches with Stamford Hill Shomrim & North West London Shomrim working in partnership. All volunteers have completed training from the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command (SO15) in assisting to identify potential security threats and suspicious activity.
The Jewish Rabbinate in London have thanked Shomrim London NW for the dedication of its volunteers and for providing a valuable service in enhancing the quality of life within the Jewish neighborhood. Shomrim London NW also acts as a liaison between the North West London community and the Metropolitan Police.
Mr Gary Ost, chief executive of Shomrim North-West London feels that reporting rates have increased in the borough of Barnet due to Shomrim's presence there and their work became doubly important during the London riots in July 2011
Crown Heights Shomrim.
Crown Heights Shomrim was founded in 1977. It expanded its operations following the 1991 Crown Heights riots. Members, driving repainted police cars, respond to armed robberies, burglaries, and assaults in progress, as well as automobile accidents and general assistance to residents. While they are not authorized to make arrests, they will chase suspects and try to detain them by surrounding them and talking to them until police arrive. Members of Crown Heights Shomrim must be a minimum of 18 years of age. Due to a religious split among Hasidim in Crown Heights, another shomrim group, called Shmira, also patrols Crown Heights; its members are under age 18. Both groups have been tried in court for allegedly assaulting blacks in the neighborhood.
Flatbush Shomrim.
The Flatbush Shomrim Safety Patrol, originally known as Brooklyn Midwood Shomrim, was founded in 1991 by Chaim Deutsch with the support of neighborhood rabbinic leaders. At the time, police did not have the manpower to respond immediately to crimes in progress. The group's 40 volunteers patrol in their own, unmarked cars and use high-powered binoculars to view suspects at a distance. If they see a crime in progress, they summon police, who respond promptly. Often the Shomrim volunteers serve as witnesses for the filing of police reports. Members also carry special equipment for opening locked houses and cars. In 2009 the Flatbush Shomrim acquired a $250,000 mobile security command center which is similar to NYPD command centers, including a state-of-the-art communications system, flat-panel television, computer, fax machine, portable defibrillator, a toilet incinerator that can convert solid waste to ash, conference room, and kitchen.
Williamsburg Shomrim.
The Williamsburg Shomrim was founded in 1977 by a local resident, in response to a wave of violent muggings perpetuated on Jewish residents by non-Jews. Today, the majority of calls received by Williamsburg Shomrim deal with car theft, missing children, and graffiti. Most of its 50 members work six nights a week.
Baltimore Shomrim.
Baltimore Shomrim was founded in 2005 in response to a rash of burglaries in the city's Orthodox Jewish community. In its first five years, the organization received over 4,600 calls for assistance. Members – generally local Orthodox businessmen and shopkeepers – wear matching jackets and carry two-way radios. The organization divides the area under surveillance into quadrants and responds quickly to all calls. Among the calls for help are bicycle thefts, missing children, and suicide attempts.
Miami-Dade Shmira Patrol.
Miami-Dade Shmira Patrol was founded in 2003 by Isaac Rosenberg. (yitzy) 
Waterbury Shomrim.
Waterbury Shomrim, established on 31 October 2010 in response to the escalating crime rate in the Greater Waterbury area, sends out patrols nightly in the Jewish community.
Los Angeles Shmira.
The Los Angeles Shmira Safety Patrol was originally founded in 2009 by Kenneth Lowenstein in the Pico/Robertson area of Los Angeles. After a slow start a former member of the Guardian Angels named Adam Kratt joined and help revitalize the patrol. LA Shmira works closely with the Los Angeles Police Department's Olympic Division and coordinates with the South Robertson District Council's Safety Committee. LA Shmira currently has 20 members, including 3 rabbis and a Shmira Juniors program that includes 10 youths.

</doc>
<doc id="9628841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628841" title="Paris, Ohio">
Paris, Ohio

Paris is an unincorporated community in northwestern Paris Township, Stark County, Ohio. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44669. It lies along State Route 172 between East Canton and Lisbon. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9628850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628850" title="North Lawrence, Ohio">
North Lawrence, Ohio

North Lawrence is a census-designated place in southwestern Lawrence Township, Stark County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44666. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area. North Lawrence is also the site of the water resort Clay's Park. Its main road is Ohio State Route 93, and it's 1 mile south of Canal Fulton.

</doc>
<doc id="9628852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628852" title="The Happy Gang">
The Happy Gang

The Happy Gang was a Canadian Broadcasting Corporation radio lunchtime variety show that ran from 1937 to 1959. The show began on CRCT, a CBC affiliate in Toronto, moved to the CBC network four months later, and ran for 22 years, totalling nearly 4900 broadcasts.
The series also served as the template for CBC's French language service, "Les Joyeux Troubadours", which was broadcast in Quebec from 1941 to 1977.
In 1937, CBC Regional Program Director George Taggart was given the assignment to come up with a Monday-through-Friday half-hour variety program that would fill the period 1.00 to 1.30 PM E.S.T. His tight budget permitted only four musicians. To “lead the band”, and as Master of Ceremonies, Taggart’s choice was Bert Pearl. His fellow musicians were trumpeter Robert (Bob) Farnon, violinist Blain Mathe and organist Kathleen (Kay) Stokes. Herb May, who served his apprenticeship with CBO Ottawa and had been moved to Toronto, became the show’s first regular announcer. George Temple was appointed producer. Singer-accordionist Eddie Allen joined in 1938 and remained with the Gang for the remainder of their history, along with Mathé and Stokes.
Other instrumentalists who were members of the troupe include:
The show's announcers were Herb May until 1938, Hugh Bartlett 1938-1952, and Barry Wood 1952-1959.

</doc>
<doc id="9628856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628856" title="Middlebranch, Ohio">
Middlebranch, Ohio

Middlebranch is an unincorporated community in northeastern Plain Township, Stark County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44652. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area. The area is mostly residential, with notable amounts of land being used for farming as well. Trains from the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway often run through the area carrying loads of scrap metal bound for other cities around Ohio. 

</doc>
<doc id="9628861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628861" title="Maximo, Ohio">
Maximo, Ohio

Maximo is an unincorporated community in eastern Washington Township, Stark County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44650. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Maximo's name is derived from the fact that it was a high point on the Pittsburgh-Fort Wayne rail line.
In 1915, Maximo was home to two pony farms.
Despite its small size and distance from Alliance, Maximo has a general store ("Maximo Kountry Korner"), a landscaping company, two churches (St. Joseph Roman Catholic Church at 12055 Easton Street NE, and Maximo Zion Church at 7047 Oakhill Ave NE), and a cemetery (St. Joseph Cemetery, across Oak Hill Avenue from St. Joseph Catholic Church); in addition to the post office.

</doc>
<doc id="9628865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628865" title="Abronia graminea">
Abronia graminea

Abronia graminea is an endangered arboreal alligator lizard described in 1864 by Cope.
This species is endemic to the highlands of the states of Veracruz and adjacent Puebla, Mexico.
It is considered to be moderately common and is regularly recorded, but its abundance is decreasing.
Animals inhabit bromeliads in the canopy of montane pine-oak and cloud forest.
It seems unlikely that this species can be found in degraded habitat.
This is a viviparous species.
The species is threatened by deforestation and degradation of habitat, largely through the conversion of land to agricultural use. The pet trade is a potential aid to the preservation of this species through captive breeding programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9628876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628876" title="Robertsville, Ohio">
Robertsville, Ohio

Robertsville is an unincorporated community in eastern Paris Township, Stark County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44670. It lies along U.S. Route 30 between East Canton and Minerva. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9628877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628877" title="Libyan Revolutionary Command Council">
Libyan Revolutionary Command Council

The Libyan Revolutionary Command Council was the twelve-person governing body that ruled the Libyan Arab Republic from 1969 to 1977. Its chairman was Muammar Gaddafi, who wielded a significant level of control.
In 1977, Gaddafi abolished the republic and proclaimed the "Jamahiriya". As a part of this, the RCC was officially abolished and replaced by the general secretariat of the General People's Congress.
Membership.
The other initial members (1970) were as follows:
History.
Setting up a new government, the 12 member central committee of the Free Unionist Officers converted themselves into a Revolutionary Command Council (RCC), who wielded control over the newly proclaimed Libyan Arab Republic. Below them were formed a council of ministers, headed by Sulaiman Maghribi, to oversee the implementation of RCC policy. 
Captain Gaddafi promoted himself to the rank of Colonel, and was recognized as both leader of the RCC as well as the commander-in-chief of the armed forces, becoming the "de facto" head of state. Although the RCC was theoretically a collegial body that operated through discussion and consensus building, from the start it was dominated by the opinions and decisions of Gaddafi, although some of the others attempted to constrain what they saw as his excesses. 
Gaddafi remained the public face of the government, with the identities of the other RCC members only being publicly revealed in the "Official Gazette" on 10 January 1970. All of them were young men, from (typically rural) working and middle-class backgrounds, and none had university degrees; in this way they were all distinct from the wealthy, highly educated conservatives who had previously governed the country. The coup completed, the RCC proceeded with their intentions of consolidating the revolutionary government and modernizing the country. 
As a result, they began to purge monarchists and members of Idris' Senussi clan from Libya's political world and armed forces; Gaddafi believed that this elite were opposed to the will of the Libyan people and had to be expunged. Many figures in the old regime were imprisoned, though none were executed. They maintained the previous administration's ban on political parties, and ruled by decree. Further restrictions were placed on press freedom, and in May 1970, all trade unions were banned.
After Libya was converted into the "(Great) Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya" in 1977, the surviving members of the RCC formed the apex of the "revolutionary sector" that oversaw the government. They were not subject to election, since they held office by virtue of having led the 1969 coup--officially described as "the Revolution." As a result, although Gaddafi held no formal governmental post after 1980, he continued to exercise absolute control of the country until his overthrow and execution in the Libyan civil war in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9628880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628880" title="Scioto Furnace, Ohio">
Scioto Furnace, Ohio

Scioto Furnace is an unincorporated community in western Bloom Township, Scioto County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45677. It lies along State Route 140.

</doc>
<doc id="9628885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628885" title="McDermott, Ohio">
McDermott, Ohio

McDermott is a census-designated place in western Rush Township, Scioto County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 434. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45652.
History.
Platted on July 28, 1898, the community of McDermott is named after one of the area's earliest commercial ventures, McDermott Stone Company. McDermott is where the legendary Roy Rogers attended high school.

</doc>
<doc id="9628895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628895" title="Jens Pühse">
Jens Pühse

Jens Pühse (born January 22, 1972) is an extreme right-wing German politician from Wilhelmshaven. He is a member of the German National Democratic Party (NPD).
In 1987 he became a member of the Junge Nationaldemokraten (JN), but he left the organization in 1990 because he perceived it to be too liberal. Subsequently, he joined the Nationalistische Front (NF) until it was banned by the government in November 1992. In 1994 he came back to JN and he became the leader of NPD Freising in 1997. In the 2004 Landtag election in Saxony he acquired 6.3% of the votes.

</doc>
<doc id="9628896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628896" title="Sir James Somerville, 1st Baronet">
Sir James Somerville, 1st Baronet

Sir James Somerville, 1st Baronet (c. 1698 – 16 August 1748) was an Irish politician.
He was the only son of Thomas Somerville and his wife Sarah King, daughter of James King. In 1729, Southwell entered the Irish House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Dublin City, representing the constituency until his death in 1748. In 1736, he was appointed Lord Mayor of Dublin. On 14 February 1748, only months before his death, he was created a Baronet of Somerville, in the County of Meath.
On 2 February 1713, he married Elizabeth Quayle, daughter of James Quayle. Somerville was succeeded in the baronetcy by his only son Quaile.
References.
´

</doc>
<doc id="9628897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628897" title="Haverhill, Ohio">
Haverhill, Ohio

Haverhill is an unincorporated community in southern Green Township, Scioto County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45636. An Ohio River town, it is located below Hanging Rock and above Franklin Furnace.

</doc>
<doc id="9628901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628901" title="Friendship, Ohio">
Friendship, Ohio

Friendship is a census-designated place in western Nile Township, Scioto County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 351. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45630. It lies along U.S. Route 52.
The citizens of Friendship are served by the Nile Township Volunteer Fire Department and the Washington-Nile Local School District (Portsmouth West High School).

</doc>
<doc id="9628909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628909" title="Transmissions (album)">
Transmissions (album)

Transmissions is the 1993 debut album by the multi-genre encompassing trance group Juno Reactor.

</doc>
<doc id="9628924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628924" title="Intravascular volume status">
Intravascular volume status

In medicine, intravascular volume status refers to the volume of blood in a patient's circulatory system, and is essentially the blood plasma component of the overall volume status of the body, which otherwise includes both intracellular fluid and extracellular fluid. Still, the intravascular component is usually of primary interest, and "volume status" is sometimes used synonymously with "intravascular volume status".
It is related to the patient's state of hydration, but is not identical to it. For instance, intravascular volume depletion can exist in an adequately hydrated person if there is loss of water into interstitial tissue (e.g. due to hyponatremia or liver failure).
Clinical assessment.
Intravascular volume depletion.
Volume contraction of intravascular fluid (blood plasma) is termed hypovolemia, and its signs include, in order of severity:
Intravascular volume overload.
Signs of intravascular volume overload (high blood volume) include:
Pathophysiology.
Intravascular volume depletion.
The most common cause of hypovolemia is diarrhea or vomiting. The other causes are usually divided into "renal" and "extrarenal" causes. Renal causes include overuse of diuretics, or trauma or disease of the kidney. Extrarenal causes include bleeding, burns, and any causes of edema (e.g. congestive heart failure, liver failure, etc.). 
Intravascular volume depletion is divided into three types based on the blood sodium level:
Intravascular volume overload.
Intravascular volume overload can occur during surgery, if water rather than isotonic saline is used to wash the incision. It can also occur if there is inadequate urination, e.g. with certain kidney diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="9628936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628936" title="Kleinwallstadt">
Kleinwallstadt

Kleinwallstadt is a market community in the Miltenberg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and the seat of the like-named "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community).
Geography.
Location.
Kleinwallstadt lies in the Bavarian Lower Main ("Bayerischer Untermain") Region.
The community has the following "Gemarkungen" (traditional rural cadastral areas): Hofstetten, Kleinwallstadt.
History.
Kleinwallstadt was already settled quite early on. Archaeological finds from Hallstatt times bear witness to the prehistoric settlers. At a find in 1980, not only were some female skeletal remains unearthed, but also some lovely grave goods from Alamannic times (4th-5th century).
In Kleinwallstadt, then also known as Bischofswallstadt, which was converted to Christianity as early as the early 8th century, the Archbishop of Mainz established in 1023 a "Vogtei" and a tithe court over a great expanse of the Spessart (range). In the 12th and early 13th century, the Lords of Waldenberg were enfeoffed with the place. About 1185 they built a castle on a crag east of the community, but this had already been destroyed by the mid 13th century. (The remains of the "Altes Schloss" were explored by archaeologists in 2006 and 2007). From the 16th century, the Focke von Wallstadt family were resident in the community. Their seat, the “Ingelheimer Hof” next to the town hall, and all appurtenances passed in 1587 to the Echter von Mespelbrunn family, and thereafter to the Imperial Counts ("Reichsgrafen") of Ingelheim.
Under Archbishop Johann Schweikhard von Kronberg in 1611, 84 witches were put to death in Kleinwallstadt. Since the Thirty Years' War had wrought such devastation upon Kleinwallstadt and all records and documents had been destroyed, the Archbishop of Mainz issued new guild charters in 1733 for Kleinwallstadt and the surrounding villages. It can be inferred from these that earlier on in Kleinwallstadt and the surrounding area, quite a lively commercial life had taken hold, for the charters number 17 occupations, such as cooper, brewer, carpenter, mason, potter, dyer, glazier, stocking weaver and linen weaver. On the same grounds, the market rights, which had surely been granted earlier, were newly confirmed and chartered in 1737 by the Elector of Mainz.
The Electoral Mainz "Vogteiamt" of Kleinwallstadt passed with the 1803 Reichsdeputationshauptschluss to the newly formed Principality of Aschaffenburg, with which it passed in 1814 (by this time it had become a department of the Grand Duchy of Frankfurt) to Bavaria.
Population development.
Within town limits, 4,778 inhabitants were counted in 1970, 4,876 in 1987 and in 2000 5,650.
Politics.
Mayors.
The mayor is Thomas Köhler (CSU). In 2002 he succeeded Karl Heinz Bein (SPD). Thomas Köhler was confirmed in office in 2008 for a further six years.
Community council.
The council is made up of 20 council members with seats apportioned thus (2008–2014 term):
Municipal taxes in 1999 amounted to €2,978,000 (converted), of which net business taxes amounted to €721,000.
Coat of arms.
The community’s arms might be described thus: Argent a Roman watchtower with a tent roof gules, in chief dexter an inescutcheon party per pale argent and sable with a bend sinister counterchanged, in chief sinister an inescutcheon of the second with a wheel spoked of six of the first.
The watchtower is a reference to the Limes Germanicus, built by the Roman Emperor Hadrian (117-138), which once ran along the river Main between Kleinwallstadt and the town across the river, Großwallstadt ("klein" and "groß" are German for “little” and “great” respectively). The inescutcheon on the dexter (armsbearer’s right, viewer’s left) side is the Focke von Wallstadt family’s arms, and the one on the sinister (armsbearer’s left, viewer’s right) side is charged with the Wheel of Mainz, and refers to the community’s long history as an Electoral Mainz holding, lasting until the Old Empire’s downfall in 1803. The tinctures argent and gules (silver and red) also refer to Mainz’s former overlordship.
The arms have been borne since 1955.
Economy and infrastructure.
According to official statistics, there were 6 workers on the social welfare contribution rolls working in agriculture and forestry in 1998. In producing businesses this was 606, and in trade and transport 176. In other areas, 366 workers on the social welfare contribution rolls were employed, and 1,879 such workers worked from home. There were 10 processing businesses. Five businesses were in construction, and furthermore, in 1999, there were 18 agricultural operations with a working area of 311 ha, of which 204 ha was cropland and 99 ha was meadowland.
Education.
In 1999 the following institutions existed in Kleinwallstadt:

</doc>
<doc id="9628971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628971" title="Kerry (Dáil Éireann constituency)">
Kerry (Dáil Éireann constituency)

Kerry is a parliamentary constituency which will be represented in Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Irish parliament or Oireachtas, from the next Irish general election. The constituency will elect 5 deputies (Teachtaí Dála, commonly known as TDs). The method of election is the single transferable vote form of proportional representation (PR-STV).
History and boundaries.
1923–1937.
The constituency was created under the Electoral Act 1923, and first used at the 1923 general election to elect the Members of the 4th Dáil. It replaced the Kerry–Limerick West constituency which was used to elect members of the 2nd Dáil and members of the 3rd Dáil. It consisted of the administrative county of Kerry. The constituency elected 7 deputies.
It was abolished by the Electoral (Revision of Constituencies) Act 1935 and the new Kerry South and Kerry North constituencies were created. They were first used at the 1937 general election for the members of the 9th Dáil.
Future.
The Constituency Commission proposed in its 2012 report that at the next general election a new constituency called Kerry be created. The report proposed changes to the constituencies of Ireland so as to reduce the total number of TDs from 166 to 158.
It was established by the Electoral (Amendment) (Dáil Constituencies) Act 2013. The new constituency will replace the constituencies of Kerry North–West Limerick and Kerry South. It will comprise the whole of County Kerry with the Limerick part of the Kerry North–West Limerick transferred to Limerick County.
The 2013 Act defines the constituency as:

</doc>
<doc id="9628977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628977" title="Antipater (1st-century BC physician)">
Antipater (1st-century BC physician)

Antipater was an ancient Greek physician and author of a work titled "On the Soul", of which the second book is quoted by the Scholiast on Homer, in which he said that the soul increased, diminished, and at last perished with the body; and which may very possibly be the work quoted by Diogenes Laertius, and commonly attributed to Antipater of Tarsus.
If he is the physician who is said by Galen to have belonged to the Methodic school, he must have lived in or after the 1st century BC; and this date will agree very well with the fact of his being quoted by Andromachus, Scribonius Largus, and Caelius Aurelianus. His prescriptions are frequently quoted with approbation by Galen and Aetius, and the second book of his "Epistles" is mentioned by Caelius Aurelianus.

</doc>
<doc id="9628988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628988" title="Promised messiah">
Promised messiah

Promised messiah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9628999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628999" title="Secretin receptor">
Secretin receptor

Human secretin receptor (gene name SCTR) is a G protein-coupled receptor which binds secretin and is the leading member ("i.e.", first cloned) of the class B GPCR subfamily.
Interactions.
Secretin receptor has been shown to interact with Pituitary adenylate cyclase activating peptide.

</doc>
<doc id="9629000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629000" title="Fairbanks High School (Milford Center, Ohio)">
Fairbanks High School (Milford Center, Ohio)

Fairbanks High School is a public high school in Milford Center, Ohio, USA, and the only high school in the Fairbanks Local Schools district. The school's mascot is the Panther. It has been voted excellent over 10 times in a row by the Ohio school report card. The school colors are red and white. The building was erected in 1961.
Currently, over 300 students are enrolled.
It has gained the nickname of "Farmbanks" among the students due to the number of farms around the campus.

</doc>
<doc id="9629042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629042" title="Wingett Run, Ohio">
Wingett Run, Ohio

Wingett Run is an unincorporated community in western Ludlow Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45789. It is located along State Route 26 and the Little Muskingum River.

</doc>
<doc id="9629044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629044" title="Antipater (2nd-century physician)">
Antipater (2nd-century physician)

Antipater was an ancient Greek physician and contemporary of Galen at Rome in the 2nd century, who gives an account of his death and the morbid symptoms that preceded it.

</doc>
<doc id="9629045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629045" title="Whipple, Ohio">
Whipple, Ohio

Whipple is an unincorporated community in southern Salem Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45788. It lies on State Route 821 south of the village of Lower Salem, at the junction of Whipple Run with Duck Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="9629048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629048" title="Helene Cooper">
Helene Cooper

Helene Cooper (born April 22, 1966) is a Liberian-born American journalist who is a White House correspondent for the "New York Times". Before that, she was the paper's diplomatic correspondent in Washington, D.C. She joined the "Times" in 2004 as assistant editorial page editor.
At the "Wall Street Journal", Cooper wrote about trade, politics, race, and foreign policy at the Washington and Atlanta bureaus from 1992 to 1997. From 1997 to 1999, she reported on the European Monetary Union from the London bureau. From 1999 to 2002, she was a reporter focusing on international economics; then assistant Washington bureau chief from 2002 to 2004.
In 2008 she published "The House at Sugar Beach", a memoir published by Simon & Schuster about the Liberian coup of 1980 and its effect on the Coopers, who were socially and politically elite descendants of American freed slaves who colonized Liberia in the 19th century. The book received critical acclaim and was a National Books Critics Circle Award finalist in 2008 for autobiography.
Personal.
Cooper was born in Monrovia, Liberia, and studied journalism at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Her ancestors include two early settlers of Liberia, Elijah Johnson and Randolph Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="9629051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629051" title="Watertown, Ohio">
Watertown, Ohio

Watertown is an unincorporated community in southwestern Watertown Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45787. It lies near the intersection of State Routes 339 and 676 near Wolf Creek, which meets the Muskingum River at Waterford to the north.
In 1986, the community was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 as a historic district, the "Watertown Historic District." Seventy-five buildings compose the district: three are built of brick, and the rest are white weatherboarded structures. Most of the contributing properties were built after the Civil War and before World War I. The importance of the district is derived from the architecture of most of its houses, largely because local carpenters made extensive use of Stick-Eastlake ornamental elements in their designs.

</doc>
<doc id="9629053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629053" title="Thirlmere Aqueduct">
Thirlmere Aqueduct

The Thirlmere Aqueduct is a long pioneering section of water supply system built by the Manchester Corporation Water Works between 1890 and 1925. Often incorrectly thought of as one of the longest tunnels in the world, the aqueduct's tunnel section is not continuous.
The aqueduct was built to carry approximately per day of water from Thirlmere Reservoir to Manchester. The construction of the reservoir and aqueduct was authorised by the Manchester Waterworks Act of Parliament. The first phase was completed in 1897 and, for the pipeline sections, subsequent phases were completed in 1925. The first water to arrive in Manchester from the Lake District was marked with an official ceremony on 13 October 1894.
History.
In 1874 John Frederick Bateman advised Manchester Corporation that the increasing demand for water, then averaging per day, would soon exhaust the available supply from Longdendale. His first recommendation was to source water from Ullswater, but it was eventually decided to seek powers to acquire Thirlmere and build a dam there. In the face of local opposition the project received Royal Assent in 1879. Under this act Manchester was granted priority of right to per person per day. A pumping station was built at Heaton Park Reservoir in 1954–1955 incorporating a large relief by Mitzi Cunliffe signed and dated 1955. The building materials and the reliefs are all symbolic of the achievement in bringing water from the Lake District to Manchester. The building was given grade II listing in 1988.
Tunnel under Dunmail Raise Pass.
This tunneled section under Dunmail Raise was dug by two teams mining towards each other. The two tunnel sections joined within 20 cm of centre.
Thirlmere Dam.
The dam at Thirlmere rises above the old stream bed, and the reservoir when full has a surface area of , and a holding capacity of above the level to which water may be drawn (540 O.D.) The total dry weather yield of Thirlmere Reservoir is reckoned at about per day, out of which compensation water in respect of the area now draining into the Lake , amounting to per day average, is sent down the St. John's Beck. Manchester Corporation has acquired the drainage area of (in addition to other lands).
Aqueduct technical data.
The aqueduct is 95.9 miles long from Thirlmere reservoir to Heaton Park Reservoir , Prestwich. Its most common form of construction is cut-and-cover, which consists of a of "D" section concrete covered channel, approximately wide and between and high. There are of cut and cover, made up of thick concrete horseshoe shaped sections. Typically, the conduit has of cover and traverses the contours of hillsides.
It is the longest gravity-fed aqueduct in the country, with no pumps along its route. The water flows at a speed of and takes just over a day to reach the city. The level of the aqueduct drops by approximately 20 inches per mile (30 cm/km) of its length.
Construction history.
Sections of the route of the aqueduct have over time been modified for the construction of modern motorways. During the construction of the M6 and M61 connection a short section was diverted. A short section of the aqueduct near Worsley, Greater Manchester, was also re-routed in the late 1960s during the construction of the M62/M63/M602 motorway interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="9629054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629054" title="Waterford, Ohio">
Waterford, Ohio

Waterford is an unincorporated community in central Waterford Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45786. It is located on State Route 339 across the Muskingum River from the village of Beverly, slightly below where Wolf Creek meets the Muskingum. The community is home to both schools of the Wolf Creek School System. Waterford Elementary serves grades K through Eighth. Waterford High school serves 9-12th.

</doc>
<doc id="9629057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629057" title="Vincent, Ohio">
Vincent, Ohio

Vincent is an unincorporated community in southern Barlow Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45784. It lies along State Route 339 near Tupper Creek, a subsidiary of the Little Hocking River, which in turn meets the Ohio River at Little Hocking to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="9629059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629059" title="Reno, Ohio">
Reno, Ohio

Reno is an unincorporated community in southern Marietta Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45773. It is located on the Ohio River a short distance above the county seat of Marietta. State Route 7 forms its main street.

</doc>
<doc id="9629061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629061" title="Newport, Washington County, Ohio">
Newport, Washington County, Ohio

Newport is a census-designated place in eastern Newport Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45768. Newport lies along the Ohio River several miles above the county seat of Marietta. Its main street is formed by State Route 7.
Newport is the location of the Carpenter Bridge, which carries State Route 807 over the Ohio River. It is the first bridge over the Ohio River above Marietta.
Located along State Route 7 a short distance southwest of Newport is the Judge Joseph Barker House; built in 1832, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="9629065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629065" title="Little Hocking, Ohio">
Little Hocking, Ohio

Little Hocking is a census-designated place in southern Belpre Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45742.
Little Hocking lies along the Ohio River a few miles below the county seat of Marietta. It sits at the intersection of U.S. Route 50 with State Route 124 and County Road 26, where the Little Hocking River meets the Ohio River.

</doc>
<doc id="9629069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629069" title="Cutler, Ohio">
Cutler, Ohio

Cutler is an unincorporated community in southwestern Fairfield Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45724. It lies at the intersection of State Route 555 and County Road 59 near Gilbert Run, a subsidiary of the Little Hocking River, which meets the Ohio River at Little Hocking to the southeast.
It is also a part of the Warren Local School System.

</doc>
<doc id="9629070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629070" title="North Union High School">
North Union High School

North Union High School is part of the North Union School District, in Ohio, USA, with an enrolment of 1,500 students within a 162 square mile boundary line. The district is surrounded by farms with business and factories both to the north and south. The campus is located on the north edge of the town. The school is surrounded by the townships of Claibourne, Dover, Jackson, Leesburg, Liberty, Taylor, Washington and York in Union County, and Scioto and Thompson townships in Delaware County.
Sports.
In the 2011-12 season, the American football and girls' basketball teams won their third consecutive MOAC titles. The football team advanced to the OHSAA playoffs for the third consecutive year and the girls' basketball team advanced to the District Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="9629073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629073" title="Coal Run, Ohio">
Coal Run, Ohio

Coal Run is an unincorporated community in northeastern Waterford Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45721. It is located along State Route 60 between the villages of Beverly and Lowell. The Muskingum River flows past the community.
In 1996, Coal Run was declared a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Eighty-seven buildings in the community, plus two other non-building sites, compose the historic district, which covers an area of approximately . A range of architectural styles are present in the district, including the Federal and Victorian styles. Varied as well are the uses of the buildings: many houses are present, but shops, a post office, and a cemetery are also included within its boundaries. The most distinctive building within Coal Run is known as the Mason House; built in 1802, it is listed on the National Register by itself as well as qualifying as a contributing property to the district.

</doc>
<doc id="9629077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629077" title="Bartlett, Ohio">
Bartlett, Ohio

Bartlett is an unincorporated community in southwestern Wesley Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45713. It sits at the intersection of State Routes 550 and 555 near Coal Run, a subsidiary of Wolf Creek, which meets the Muskingum River at Waterford to the north. Near Bartlett is located the Shinn Covered Bridge, which spans Wolf Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="9629082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629082" title="Barlow, Ohio">
Barlow, Ohio

Barlow is an unincorporated community in western Barlow Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45712. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 339 and 550 near the South Fork of Wolf Creek, which meets the Muskingum River at Waterford to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="9629088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629088" title="Southington, Ohio">
Southington, Ohio

Southington is an unincorporated community in central Southington Township, Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44470. It lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 422 with State Route 305.
The community is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9629094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629094" title="North Bloomfield, Ohio">
North Bloomfield, Ohio

North Bloomfield is an unincorporated community in central Bloomfield Township, Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44450. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 45 and 87.
The community is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9629095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629095" title="Kinsman, Ohio">
Kinsman, Ohio

Kinsman is an unincorporated community in southern Kinsman Township, Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44428; as well as a library, the Kinsman Free Public Library. It lies along State Route 7 between Andover and Hubbard.
Kinsman was named for an early landowner.
The community is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The township website can be found at http://kinsmantownship.org/

</doc>
<doc id="9629096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629096" title="Fowler, Ohio">
Fowler, Ohio

Fowler is an unincorporated community in central Fowler Township, Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44418. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 193 and 305.
The community is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9629098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629098" title="Farmdale, Ohio">
Farmdale, Ohio

Farmdale is an unincorporated community in southwestern Kinsman Township, Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44417.
The community is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9629099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629099" title="Burghill, Ohio">
Burghill, Ohio

Burghill is an unincorporated community in southern Vernon Township, Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. It is unincorporated although it had a post office, with the ZIP code of 44404 until 2011. It lies along State Route 7 north of Hubbard. The community is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9629102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629102" title="Crestview High School (Convoy, Ohio)">
Crestview High School (Convoy, Ohio)

Crestview High School is a public high school in Convoy, Ohio in Van Wert County. It is the only high school in the Crestview Local Schools district. 
In athletic events, the Knights are members of the Northwest Conference. Michael Biro is an alum and is the current principal.

</doc>
<doc id="9629103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629103" title="Bristolville, Ohio">
Bristolville, Ohio

Bristolville is an unincorporated community in central Bristol Township, Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44402. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 45 and 88. The community is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Northern Ohio had settlers mostly from the Northeast, many of whom supported abolition of slavery before the Civil War. One of the notable natives of Bristolville is John Henrie Kagi, who fought with John Brown in Bleeding Kansas before its admission to the Union. He was second in command during Brown's Harper's Ferry raid on the federal arsenal, where he was killed by militia at the age of 24.
Kagi's sister Barbara Kagy Mayhew and her husband Allen Mayhew, also Bristolville natives, migrated to Nebraska City, Nebraska in the early 1850s. With Kagi's help, they created a cave under their cabin to shelter fugitive slaves on their way to freedom in Canada. Their 1855 cabin has been restored as the Mayhew Cabin museum, and is the only site in Nebraska recognized by the National Park Service as a station on the Underground Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9629108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629108" title="Melmore, Ohio">
Melmore, Ohio

Melmore is a census-designated place in central Eden Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44845. It is located at the intersection of State Routes 67 and 100.
History.
Melmore was platted in 1824. The name Melmore was formed from the Latin "mel", meaning "honey", and the adjective -more; honey standing for Honey Creek, upon which the town is situated.

</doc>
<doc id="9629110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629110" title="Kansas, Ohio">
Kansas, Ohio

Kansas is a census-designated place in northwestern Liberty Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44841. It is located along State Route 635.
Kansas was platted in early 1855 along a line of the Lake Erie and Louisville Railroad. A short distance south of the community on State Route 635 is the Michaels Farm, which has been named a historic site. Kansas is the named hometown of the Lakota Local School District, though none of the schools in the district are in the community.

</doc>
<doc id="9629111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629111" title="Flat Rock, Ohio">
Flat Rock, Ohio

Flat Rock is a census-designated place in northeastern Thompson Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44828.
History.
Flat Rock was platted in 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="9629113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629113" title="Kurd (Baloch tribe)">
Kurd (Baloch tribe)

Kurd () is a Baloch tribe in the Balochistan, Sindh, and Punjab provinces of Pakistan. Kurds speak both Balochi and Brahui.
Famous people who descend from this tribe include the Baloch nationalist Mir Abdul Aziz Kurd, lawyer Mir Ali Ahmad Kurd and a bureaucrat named Mir Ali Gul Kurd.

</doc>
<doc id="9629120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629120" title="Richmond Dale, Ohio">
Richmond Dale, Ohio

Richmond Dale (sometimes Richmondale) is an unincorporated community in central Jefferson Township, Ross County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45673. It is located along U.S. Route 35 southeast of the county seat of Chillicothe.

</doc>
<doc id="9629121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629121" title="Agrias">
Agrias

Agrias is a genus of charaxine nymphalid butterflies found in South and Central America.
The German lepidopterist Hans Fruhstorfer had this to say
"In this magnificent tropical genus, upon which nature seems to have showered all her abundance of most brilliant colours, and which is, therefore, justly called the "princely race" of the Nymphalidae, we are most surprised to meet a repetition of two genera of not less abundant colours: the "Callithea" and "Catagramma", except that the "Agrias" species greatly excel the latter in size and magnificent colours, and only the males of this genus bear a sexual distinction in the shape of a hair-brush on the hindwings. Some of them, like the famous "A. sardanapalus", having been first discovered by Bates in the Amazon Valley, are of an absolutely charming beauty, and the contrast of its purple-red forewings beaming through a blue lustre hued over them as if in a violet purple gloss, with the brilliantly sapphire-blue hindwings, is undoubtedly one of the most magnificent sights that nature has ever produced in the whole world of butterflies." 
Prized by collectors, these large, showy butterflies have had hundreds of names applied to polymorphic variants.
Description.
The species of the genus "Agrias" have, variously, very bright red, orange, iridescent blue and yellow colouration contrasting on the black or bluish background of their upperside wing. The underside wings are patterned. They have a robust appearance (broad thorax and short wide abdomen) allowing fast flight.The wingspan is 70mm. – 120 mm. Males of all "Agrias" species have prominent yellow tufts of androconial scales on the hindwings.These disperse pheromones for attracting suitable mates.
Biology.
Adult "Agrias" live in the forest canopy, occasionally visiting the forest floor to feed on decomposing fruit.The butterflies always feed and rest with their wings closed, but if disturbed they may give a rapid flick of the wings, displaying the vivid colours of the upperside. Males establish territories and perch on tree trunks, branches, and even the ground.
"Agrias" larvae feed on "Erythroxylum". The smooth and round eggs are laid singly on the leaves of the foodplant. The larvae are pale brownish, marked with lichen-green spots, have recurved "horns" on the head capsule and a bifid tail. They feed at night and spend the day on twigs. The pupa is pale green. It has a dorsal hump, and tapers sharply toward a stout cremaster and the bifid head. It is suspended from a stem or leaf of the foodplant.
Habitat.
"Agrias" are found in both lowland and montane tropical wet forests.Adults of "Agrias amydon" are also found in pasture habitats in the wet season but probably pass most, or all, of the long dry season in forest refugia. During the dry season, strong-flying A. amydon undoubtedly forage in open areas, only to return to sheltered retreats in response to thermal stress.
Mimicry.
"Agrias phalcidon" is a Mullerian mimic with the "Asterope" (formerly "Callithea") species complex.
Ecozone.
Neotropic ecozone
See also Tropical Andes.
Systematics.
Clade showing phylogenetics of "Agrias"
Species.
The following species are accepted by the "Atlas of Neotropical Lepidoptera"Lamas
Other authors differ, for instance in regarding "A. narcissus" as a subspecies of "A. aedon". Older literature, particularly that in French, is often confusing.

</doc>
<doc id="9629123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629123" title="Croydon Pirates">
Croydon Pirates

The South london Pirates are a British baseball club based in South London, 
Originally known as "The Croydon pirates", the team run three teams in various national leagues. They play at Roundshaw, which is one of the best baseball diamonds in the U.K., meaning Croydon are often the hosts of the London Tournament and National Finals.
The first team competes in the Southern section of the top flight of British baseball. They were National Champions in 2004 and 2005 and runners up in 2006.
In 2007 the team again won the National League South earning them the right to compete in the Final 4 tournament on the weekend of 1–2 September 2007, along with Josh Chetwynd's London Mets, Menwith Hill Patriots and Liverpool Trojans. Croydon and the Mets won their semi-finals to advanced to the final where the Pirates were defeated 2–0 in a best of 3 series. The team is one of the most diverse, having other 15 nationalities at the club in one season.
In 2008, Croydon Pirates III won the British Baseball A-Division, finishing the season with a record of 10 wins and 2 losses. They were subsequently promoted to the AA-Division in 2009, Pirates III having a very strong season tying joint first place. However, the Kent Mariners and Brentwood Stags had better offensive stats, rather than having a 3-way play-off, these 2 teams made it to the Championships. In 2011, Pirates I were defeated at the Play-off stage.
In 2012 the Croydon Pirates changed there name to the South London Pirates. They have drop from 3 teams down to 2. South London Pirates 1 (P1) play in the British Nbl league. While South London Pirates 3 (P3) play in the AA South Division.They continue to host the National tournament on there home diamond Dave ward field. There second diamond Dave ward 2. AS well as temporary diamonds that are set out around roundshaw playing fields. The tournament is normally held around mid July..

</doc>
<doc id="9629124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629124" title="Londonderry, Ohio">
Londonderry, Ohio

Londonderry is an unincorporated community in eastern Liberty Township, Ross County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45647. It lies along U.S. Route 50 at its intersection with State Route 327.

</doc>
<doc id="9629129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629129" title="Hallsville, Ohio">
Hallsville, Ohio

Hallsville is an unincorporated community in northeastern Colerain Township, Ross County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45633. It is located along State Route 180.

</doc>
<doc id="9629133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629133" title="Bourneville, Ohio">
Bourneville, Ohio

Bourneville is a census-designated place in central Twin Township, Ross County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45617. It lies along U.S. Route 50.
As of 1847, a Indian stone work was located near Bourneville. It was surveyed by Ephraim George Squier and Edwin Hamilton Davis and was featured in their book, "Ancient Monuments of the Mississippi Valley", which was published in 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="9629134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629134" title="Martin, Ohio">
Martin, Ohio

Martin is an unincorporated community in northeastern Clay Township, Ottawa County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43445.

</doc>
<doc id="9629140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629140" title="Lacarne, Ohio">
Lacarne, Ohio

Lacarne is an unincorporated community in southwestern Erie Township, Ottawa County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43439.
During World War II, Lacarne (or La Carne) was the location of a P.O.W. camp at Camp Perry, a U.S. Army facility. Camp Perry still exists, where there is a Lake Erie beach open to the public, as well as public rifle and pistol marksmanship competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9629145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629145" title="Isle Saint George, Ohio">
Isle Saint George, Ohio

Isle St. George is an unincorporated community in Put-in-Bay Township, Ottawa County, Ohio, United States. It is the only community on North Bass Island in Lake Erie. The North Bass Island Post Office was established on May 25, 1864, and the name changed to Isle Saint George Post Office on March 2, 1874. The Isle Saint George ZIP code 43436 provides PO Box service.

</doc>
<doc id="9629146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629146" title="Gypsum, Ohio">
Gypsum, Ohio

Gypsum is an unincorporated community in eastern Portage Township, Ottawa County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43433.
Children from Gypsum families generally attend the Port Clinton City School District. The neighborhood is considered friendly, home-spun, and mainly conservative.
The community is named for the gypsum rock, the mining of which was originally the foundation of the community's business, commerce, and population growth. Because these mines are located throughout the community and township, the area is subject to excessive erosion because of sinkholes. Gypsum mining in the area by U.S. Gypsum Corp. stopped in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="9629151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629151" title="Graytown, Ohio">
Graytown, Ohio

Graytown is an unincorporated community in southwestern Benton Township, Ottawa County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43432.
Graytown is a small unincorporated community with few business operations. Luckey Farmers Inc. and The Country Keg are two current commercial entities in Graytown. Other areas of interest include a park with multiple baseball diamonds and soccer fields which are used for various leagues. Graytown Elementary will be closing in the Fall of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9629153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629153" title="Authoring system">
Authoring system

An authoring system is a program which has pre-programmed elements for the development of interactive multimedia software titles. Authoring systems can be defined as software which allows its user to create multimedia applications for manipulating multimedia objects.
In the development of educational software, an authoring System is a program that allows a non-programmer to easily create software with programming features. The programming features are built in but hidden behind buttons and other tools, so the author does not need to know how to program. Generally Authoring Systems provide lots of graphics, interaction, and other tools educational software needs.
An authoring system usually includes an "authoring language", a programming language built (or extended) with functionality for representing the tutoring system. The functionality offered by the authoring language may be programming functionality for use by programmers or domain representation functionality for use by subject experts. There is overlap between authoring languages with domain representation functionality and domain-specific languages.
Authoring tool.
An authoring tool is a software package which developers use to create and package content deliverable to end users.
Though authoring tools have a range of uses, they are commonly used to create e-learning modules. These modules are generally written to conform to some international standard, such as SCORM (Shareable Content Object Reference Model) or AICC (CBT) (Aviation Industry CBT Committee).
Distribution of content created with authoring tools also varies. Distribution methods include: web, kiosk, interactive CD-ROM, and executable file.
Since the term is somewhat general, many programs can be considered authoring tools, including Flash, and PowerPoint. However, only a small group of programs specifically include support for e-learning content standards including Elicitus, Macromedia (Adobe) Authorware, Director, Lectora, and iSpring Suite.
Authoring language.
An authoring language is a programming language used to create tutorials, computer-based training courseware, websites, CD-ROMs and other interactive computer programs. Authoring systems (packages) generally provide high-level visual tools that enable a complete system to be designed without writing any programming code, although the authoring language is there for more in-depth usage.

</doc>
<doc id="9629154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629154" title="Curtice, Ohio">
Curtice, Ohio

Curtice is a census-designated place in northern Allen Township, Ottawa County, and southwestern Jerusalem Township, Lucas County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 1,526. It has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43412.
Notable Residents.
Jordan Kovacs- Former Captain of the University of Michigan Football Team, current safety for the Miami Dolphins

</doc>
<doc id="9629157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629157" title="White Cottage, Ohio">
White Cottage, Ohio

White Cottage is an unincorporated community in central Newton Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43791. It lies along U.S. Route 22 between Zanesville and Lancaster.

</doc>
<doc id="9629161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629161" title="Nashport, Ohio">
Nashport, Ohio

Nashport is an unincorporated community in western Licking Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43830. It lies along State Route 146.
Nashport, Ohio was founded in 1827 by Thomas Nash, a farmer and tavern keeper.

</doc>
<doc id="9629162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629162" title="Antipater of Tyre">
Antipater of Tyre

Antipater (; 1st century BC) of Tyre was a Stoic philosopher, and a friend of Cato the Younger and Cicero.
Life.
Antipater lived after, or was at least younger than, Panaetius. Cicero, in speaking of him, says, that he died "recently at Athens", which must mean shortly before 45 BC. He is mentioned by Strabo as a "famous philosopher" from Tyre. Antipater is said to have befriended Cato when Cato was a young man, and introduced him to Stoic philosophy:
Works.
Little is known about his writings. From Cicero we can perhaps infer that Antipater, like Panaetius, wrote a work "On Duties" ():
Diogenes Laërtius refers to another work by him called "On the Cosmos" ():

</doc>
<doc id="9629163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629163" title="East Fultonham, Ohio">
East Fultonham, Ohio

East Fultonham is a census-designated place in central Newton Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43735. It is located along U.S. Route 22 a short distance east of the village of Fultonham.
It is noted as the birthplace of U.S. Vice President Thomas A. Hendricks. A private lake and beach club, Lake Isabella, has been a popular summer destination since 1939.
East Fultonham was originally named Axline, Ohio. Early industries included brickmaking, milling, railroading, and limestone quarrying, with the Columbia Cement Company as the largest employer in the area until it closed in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="9629168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629168" title="Duncan Falls, Ohio">
Duncan Falls, Ohio

Duncan Falls is a census-designated place in southeastern Wayne Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States, located on State Route 60 south of the city of Zanesville. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43734. According to the Census Bureau the population for zip code 43734 is 1200.
History.
Duncan Falls is named for an early hunter and trapper by the name of Major Duncan, who emigrated from Virginia and settled near a falls on the Muskingum River, approximately nine miles south of present-day Zanesville, in the 1790s. He reportedly skirmished with the local Shawnee over his traps, and according to legend was killed by the Shawnee while attempting to cross the river at the falls. Thus, his name became associated with these falls. Other, more mundane explanations for the origin of the town's name also exist.
The settlement of the town, initially known as Duncan's Falls, began with the establishment of a store by James Taylor in 1825. Alanson Holderidge and Justice Depew both erected blacksmith shops around 1828. A tavern was established by Jacob Hall in 1830. James Taylor established a ferry across the Muskingum River at the falls in 1830. Although the county history by Everhart states that a free bridge was constructed across the river by the county government in 1831, the Zanesville Signal reported that the first bridge across the river did not arrive until 1875. James Taylor built a dam at the falls in 1832 to entice millers to settle in the town, and in 1835 the state government improved the dam. In 1838, a four story flour mill was erected by Lewis Dugan and William Bowen. As the area around the falls was now starting to develop, James Taylor formally platted a town site in 1841 (Taylor had previously platted Taylorsville, now known as Philo, on the other side of the river in 1833). By the 1840s, the dam and lock system was in place, allowing for steamboat travel, but raising the water level of the river so as to hide the falls.
As of 1882, the town had around 200 inhabitants, including one physician, a Dr. Mason.
Around 1890, an order from the U.S. Postal Service changed the name from Duncan's Falls to Duncan Falls.
In 1896, the original flour mill burned to the ground. It was rebuilt in 1898, and burned again in 1902, and was again rebuilt. The mill was purchased in 1922 by the Ohio Power Company, to acquire its water rights on the river. Ohio Power tore the mill down.
Much of the town was damaged by a severe flood of the Muskingum River in 1913. By the 1920s, steamboat commerce on the river was dying down. The completion of a new power plant across the river in Philo in 1924 provided a much needed economic lifeline to Duncan Falls, which was furthered by the completion of the Ohio Ferro Alloys Corporation factory in Philo in 1927. The road along the east side of the Muskingum River through Duncan Falls was fully paved in 1933, bringing much highway traffic between Zanesville and Marietta through Duncan Falls (this traffic had previously traveled on a paved route further east that passed through Chandlersville and Caldwell).

</doc>
<doc id="9629176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629176" title="Chandlersville, Ohio">
Chandlersville, Ohio

Chandlersville is an unincorporated community in western Salt Creek Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43727. It lies along State Route 146 at its intersection with State Routes 284 and 313.
The town's namesake is Samuel Chandler.
Chandlersville was described in 1833 as having several stores, one saw mill and two physicians.

</doc>
<doc id="9629179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629179" title="Blue Rock, Ohio">
Blue Rock, Ohio

Blue Rock is an unincorporated community in western Blue Rock Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43720. It lies along the Muskingum River at the intersection of State Routes 60 and 376.

</doc>
<doc id="9629200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629200" title="Doyt Perry">
Doyt Perry

Doyt L. Perry (January 10, 1910 – February 10, 1992) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He served as head football coach at Bowling Green State University from 1955 to 1964, compiling a record of 77–11–5, and then became the athletic director for the university. During his tenure as coach, Perry led the Bowling Green Falcons to five Mid-American Conference titles and one small college national championship in 1959. One of the most successful coaches in school history, Perry was elected to College Football Hall of Fame in 1988. The team's football stadium, Doyt Perry Stadium, is named in his honor.
Before coming to Bowling Green, Perry was a backfield coach at Ohio State University from 1951 to 1954, serving on the same staff as Woody Hayes and Bo Schembechler. He coached the 1954 Buckeyes, who won the 1955 Rose Bowl and a national championship. Perry was also the head coach at Upper Arlington High School in Upper Arlington, Ohio in 1943 and from 1946 to 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="9629210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629210" title="Justin Ross">
Justin Ross

Justin D. Ross (born April 18, 1976) is an American politician who served in the Maryland House of Delegates from 2003 to 2012. He was first elected to the House in 2002 to represent District 22, which covers Prince George's County.
In November 2012, Ross retired from the House of Delegates to spend more time with his family.
Background.
Ross was born in Prince George's County, Maryland to David G. and Jane L. Ross, on April 18, 1976. Ross attended the public schools of Prince George's County and graduated from Eleanor Roosevelt High School in 1994, where he wrestled and was the County champion at 145 lbs. Ross matriculated to the University of Maryland, College Park and received his B.A. in government and politics in 1998.
Career.
Since graduating from college, Ross has been a real estate broker.
In the legislature.
Ross began serving in the House of Delegates on January 8, 2003. He served on the House Ways and Means Committee and its election law and revenues subcommittees. Delegate Ross was also a member of the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Data Systems from 2003 to 2006. He also served as chair of the County Affairs Committee of the Prince George's County Delegation. He was a member of the Maryland Bicycle and Pedestrian Caucus, the Maryland Green Caucus, and the Maryland Veterans Caucus.
In January 2006, Delegate Ross introduced a bill aimed at limiting the exposure of youngsters to violent and or adult video games. The bill would have required that retailers of violent and or adult video games label the games as such and provided for stiff penalties for failure to do so. During the 2007 session of the Maryland General Assembly, Delegate Ross sponsored House Bill 554 which was cross-filed with an identical bill, Senate Bill 488, by State Senator Gwendolyn Britt. These bills both sought to allow specified convicted felons, who have been released and completed their conditions of parole and probation, the right to vote. Senate Bill 488 passed both houses and was signed into law by Governor O'Malley.

</doc>
<doc id="9629215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629215" title="Hugh Mercer Apothecary">
Hugh Mercer Apothecary

Hugh Mercer Apothecary was a pharmacy founded by Hugh Mercer in the mid 18th century. Mercer was a doctor who fled Scotland after the Battle of Culloden. He travelled to Pennsylvania, where he met Colonel George Washington during the French and Indian War and later moved to Fredericksburg, Virginia on Washington's advice to practice medicine and operate an Apothecary. 

</doc>
<doc id="9629218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629218" title="LULI">
LULI

LULI : Laboratoire pour l'Utilisation des Lasers Intenses
LULI is a scientific research laboratory specialised in the study of plasmas generated by laser-matter interaction at high intensities and their applications. The main missions of LULI include: (i) Research in Plasma Physics, (ii) Development and operation of high-power high-energy lasers and experimental facilities, (iii) student formation in Plasma Physics, Optics and Laser Physics.
Research in Plasma Physics
Focusing the extreme power of pulsed lasers (up to the petawatt level, 1015W) onto tiny spots, µm to mm in diameter, leads to ultrahigh intensities reaching today 1020W/cm2 or more. Targets irradiated at such intensities can reach temperatures of the order of hundred million degrees and pressures of tens of megabars. Moreover, the electric and magnetic fields associated with the laser beam itself or the fields produced in the plasma are responsible for the acceleration of particles to relativistic energies and to the production of intense radiation from THz to x-rays and γ-rays.
The main subjects studied by LULI's scientists include laser inertial fusion and all its physical components (e.g. laser-plasma interaction), fundamental physics of hot and dense plasmas and its applications in astrophysics and geophysics. In the short-pulse picosecond regime, the main developments concern the fast-igniter scheme for inertial fusion, and the production of brief and intense sources of radiation and relativistic particles.
National and International Facility
LULI is the French national civilian facility dedicated to research using high-energy high-power lasers and their applications. French and foreign users have access to the two most energetic French academic laser chains: 100TW and LULI2000.
The main beam of the 100TW facility delivers 30 J in 300 fs at 1.06 µm. It is coupled with additional nanosecond and picosecond beams. Nano2000, the nanosecond version of LULI2000 consists in two laser beams delivering each 1 kJ in nanosecond pulses at 1.06 µm. PICO2000 couples one of these nanosecond beams with a 200 J picosecond beam. Each of these facilities is coupled to a dedicated experimental area.
The development of the laser sources is supported by an important R&D programme in high-power laser related optics and laser technology.
Student Training
LULI trains French and foreign undergraduate and graduate students in plasma physics and laser physics and technology [http://www.ecoledoctorale.polytechnique.fr].
Collaborations
Located at École Polytechnique, LULI is a CNRS - CEA [http://www.cea.fr - École Polytechnique - Université Pierre et Marie Curie laboratory. It is part of numerous national and international collaborations with research teams and laboratories involved in the development or the utilisation of high-power lasers. The following list includes some French and European contacts and projects.

</doc>
<doc id="9629236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629236" title="Van Wert High School">
Van Wert High School

Van Wert High School is a public high school in Van Wert, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Van Wert City School District. Their school teams are all named the Cougars. The school mascot is named Claw'd. They are members of the Western Buckeye League

</doc>
<doc id="9629242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629242" title="SafetyBUS p">
SafetyBUS p

SafetyBUS p is a standard for failsafe fieldbus communication in automation technology. 
Origin.
SafetyBUS p was developed by Pilz GmbH & Co. KG between 1995 and 1999. The objective was to provide a fieldbus for data communication in terms of machinery safety .
Since 1999 the technology of SafetyBUS p has been managed by the user organisation Safety Network International e.V. (formally "SafetyBUS p Club International e.V."), whose members work on the further development of SafetyBUS p.
Application.
The main application of SafetyBUS p lies in the communication of data with safety-related content. SafetyBUS p can be used anywhere that communicated data has to be consistent in terms of time and content, in order to safeguard against danger. This danger may concern hazards to life and limb, but may also involve the protection of economic assets.
Typical application areas are:
SafetyBUS p can be used on applications with safety-related requirements up to SIL 3 of IEC 61508 or Cat. 4 of EN 954-1.
Technology.
Technically, SafetyBUS p is based on the fieldbus system CAN. In addition to OSI Layers 1 and 2, which are already defined in CAN for bit rate and security, SafetyBUS p adds additional mechanisms to safeguard transmission in Layers 2 and 7.
Fault mechanisms.
The following mechanisms are used on SafetyBUS p to detect transmission errors and device errors:
Technical details.
The SafetyBUS p frame data, as determined by the technology, is as follows:
Devices.
Only safety-related devices are used in SafetyBUS p networks. In general these are designed to be multi-channel internally. Safety-related use of the devices normally requires safety to be certified by authorised testing laboratories, who test the devices in accordance with the applicable standards and provisions. A functional inspection is carried out by the user organisation Safety Network International e.V.
Organisation.
The user organisation "SafetyBUS p Club International e.V." combines manufacturers and users of SafetyBUS p and has been in existence since 1999. In 2006 the organisation was renamed Safety Network International e.V. In addition to the international organisation there are also two other regional organisations: Japan was established in 2000, while USA was established in 2001. The organisation continues to develop the system, resulting in its successor, SafetyNET p.
External links.
Organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="9629248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629248" title="Yeoh">
Yeoh

Yeoh is the transliteration of the Hokkien (Min Nan) surname which shares the same Chinese character as the Mandarin surname Yang. See the Yang entry for the history of the name. 
Famous people with the surname "Yeoh" include:

</doc>
<doc id="9629262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629262" title="Monty Python Live at Aspen">
Monty Python Live at Aspen

Monty Python Live at Aspen was a reunion show featuring the five surviving members of Monty Python: John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, and Michael Palin. Graham Chapman was also allegedly in attendance as his "ashes" were brought out in an urn. The Pythons looked back at their work and received an American Film Industry award. It also featured some memorable moments when Gilliam 'accidentally' kicked over the urn, which Eric Idle said was their biggest audience laugh ever. It was hosted by Robert Klein and featured a cameo by Eddie Izzard.
The show was released on DVD by A&E Home Entertainment as part of the "Monty Python Live" compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="9629284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629284" title="Desensitization (telecommunications)">
Desensitization (telecommunications)

In telecommunications, desensitization is a form of electromagnetic interference where a radio receiver is unable to receive a weak radio signal that it might otherwise be able to receive when there is no interference. This is caused by a nearby transmitter with a strong signal on a close frequency, which overloads the receiver and makes it unable to fully receive the desired signal.
Typical receiver operation is such that the Minimum Detectable Signal (MDS) level is determined by the thermal noise of its electronic components. When a signal is received, additional spurious signals are produced within the receiver because it is not truly a linear device. When these spurious signals have a power level that is less than the thermal noise power level, then the receiver is operating normally. When these spurious signals have a power level that is higher than the thermal noise floor, then the receiver is desensitized. This is because the MDS has risen due to the level of the spurious signals. Spurious signals increase in level when the received signal strength increases.
When an interfering signal is present, it can contribute to the level of the spurious signals. Stronger interference generates stronger spurious signals. The interference may be at a different frequency than the signal of interest, but the spurious signals caused by that interference can show up at the same frequency as the signal of interest. It is these spurious signals that degrade the ability of the receiver by raising the MDS. 
In the case of a repeater station whereas, a station consisting of a transmitter and receiver both operating at the same time, but on separate frequencies and in some cases, separate antennas. Elevated MDS can be experienced in this case as well.
One way to correct this condition is adding a duplexer to the station. This is common in Land Mobile Radio services such as police, fire, various commercial and amateur service.

</doc>
<doc id="9629285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629285" title="Desensitization (medicine)">
Desensitization (medicine)

For medical purposes, desensitization is a method to reduce or eliminate an organism's negative reaction to a substance or stimulus.
In pharmacology, "desensitization" is the loss of responsiveness to the continuing or increasing dose of a drug. Also termed tachyphylaxis, downregulation, fade or drug tolerance. This may be an important area to consider for the future design of safer drugs.
Application to allergies.
For example, if a person with diabetes mellitus has a bad allergic reaction to taking a full dose of beef insulin, the doctor gives the person a very small amount of the insulin at first. Over a period, larger doses are given until the person is taking the full dose. This is one way to help the body get used to the full dose and to avoid having the allergic reaction to beef-origin insulin.
At the cellular level, administration of small doses of toxin produces an IgG response which eventually overrides the hypersensitive IgE response. A different mechanism is responsible for desensitization to antibiotics, which is performed over a shorter time course than desensitization to other allergies. In this form of desensitization, the patient is slowly exposed to a level of antibiotic that produces low-grade anaphylaxis. At the end of the procedure, the patient's mast cells have depleted their granular contents, and the patient cannot undergo any allergic response until these cells restore these contents.
Desensitization approaches for food allergy are generally at the research stage. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="9629286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629286" title="Desensitization (psychology)">
Desensitization (psychology)

In psychology, desensitization is defined as the diminished emotional responsiveness to a negative or aversive stimulus after repeated exposure to it. It also occurs when an emotional response is repeatedly evoked in situations in which the action tendency that is associated with the emotion proves irrelevant or unnecessary. Desensitization is a process primarily used to assist individuals unlearn phobias and anxieties and was developed by psychologist Mary Cover Jones. Joseph Wolpe (1958) developed a method of a hierarchal list of anxiety evoking stimuli in order of intensity, which allows individuals to undergo adaption. Although medication is available for individuals suffering from anxiety, fear or phobias, empirical evidence supports desensitization with high rates of cure, particularly in clients suffering from depression or schizophrenia.
Steps to desensitization.
The hierarchal list is constructed between client and therapist in rank ordered series of steps from the least disturbing to the most disturbing fears or phobias. Secondly the client is taught techniques that produce deep relaxation. It is impossible to feel both anxiety and relaxation at the same time, so easing the client into deep relaxation helps inhibit any feelings of anxiety. Systematic desensitization (a guided reduction in fear, anxiety or aversion) can then be achieved by gradually approaching the feared stimulus while maintaining relaxation. Desensitization works best when individuals are directly exposed to the stimuli and situations they fear so anxiety–evoking stimuli are paired with inhibitory responses. This is either carried out by performing in real life situations (known as vivo desensitization), or if it is not practical to directly act out the steps of hierarchy, clients can observe models performing the feared behaviour (known as vicarious desensitization). Clients slowly move up the hierarchy repeating performances if necessary, until the last item on the list is performed without fear or anxiety.
Effects on Animals.
Animals can also be desensitized to their rational or irrational fears. A race horse who fears the starting gate can be desensitized to the fearful elements (the creak of the gate, the starting bell, the enclosed space) one at a time, in small doses or at a distance. Clay et al. (2009) conducted an experiment whereby he allocated rhesus macaques to either a desensitization group or a control group, finding that those in the desensitization group showed a significant reduction in both the rate and duration of fearful behavior. This supports the use of PRT training. Desensitization is commonly used with simple phobias like insect phobia.
Effects on Violence.
Desensitization also refers to the potential for reduced responsiveness to actual violence caused by exposure to violence in the media, although this topic is debated in the science. Desensitization may arise from different sources of media including TV, video games and movies. Some scholars suggest that violence may prime thoughts of hostility with the possibility of affecting the way we perceive others and interpret their actions. It is hypothesized that initial exposure to violence in the media may produce a number of aversive responses such as increased heart rate, fear, discomfort, perspiration and disgust. However, prolonged and repeated exposure to violence in the media may reduce or habituate the initial psychological impact until violent images do not elicit these negative responses. Eventually the observer may become emotionally and cognitively desensitized to media violence. In one experiment participants who played violent video games showed lower heart rate and galvanic skin response readings which the authors interpreted as displaying a physiological desensitization to violence. However, other studies have failed to replicate this finding. Some scholars have questioned whether becoming desensitized to media violence specifically transfers to becoming desensitized to real-life violence
References.
Definition of agoraphobia:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agoraphobia

</doc>
<doc id="9629294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629294" title="Christopher Dyer">
Christopher Dyer

Christopher Charles Dyer CBE FBA (born 1944) is Leverhulme Emeritus Professor of Regional and Local History and director of the Centre for English Local History at the University of Leicester, England.
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.
Background.
Educated at the University of Birmingham where he studied under Rodney Hilton, he has taught at the universities of Birmingham, and Edinburgh where he counted amongst his students the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Gordon Brown. He came to the University of Leicester in 2003.
Work.
Dyer is well known as the historian of everyday life, a recurring theme in his publications. Dyer looks at the economic and social history of medieval life, with an emphasis on the English Midlands from the Saxon period through to the 16th century. He was invited to deliver the Ford Lectures in the University of Oxford in a lecture series entitled 'An Age of Transition? Economy and Society in England in the Later Middle Ages'.

</doc>
<doc id="9629299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629299" title="Anne Arundel County Police Department">
Anne Arundel County Police Department

The Anne Arundel County Police Department is the primary law enforcement agency of Anne Arundel County, Maryland, serving a population of more than 510,878 in of jurisdiction. The Department was created by an Act of the Maryland General Assembly in 1937, and originally consisted of a Chief of Police, three sergeants, and seventeen patrolmen.
The Anne Arundel County Police Department has been internationally accredited through the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies since July 30, 1994.
Rank structure.
The Anne Arundel County Police Department operates as a para-military organization using these sworn personnel ranks:
Fleet.
Anne Arundel County Police have a diverse fleet of marked and unmarked vehicles including the Ford Crown Victoria, Ford Explorer, Dodge Charger, Dodge Durango, and Chevrolet Impala. Motorcycles are supplied by Harley Davidson. The color scheme on mark vehicles is of a two toned blue. The top half of vehicles are light blue and the bottom half are dark blue. This paint scheme was used in the 1960s-1970s before the color of vehicles were changed to the more visible white with blue stripe. The colors were eventually changed back to the two toned scheme in 2000.
The agency also utilizes a number of different vehicle models for covert operations and traffic enforcement.
Facilities.
The Anne Arundel County Police Department is divided into four police districts, Northern, Eastern, Western and Southern. The Northern District Station is located in Brooklyn Park, Eastern District in Pasadena Western District in Odenton and Southern District in Edgewater. Additional facilities are the Police Department Headquarters in Millersville, the Special Operations Complex in Gambrills, the K-9 center in Severn, the Criminal Investigation Division in Crownsville and the Police Training Academy in Davidsonville. The agency also has several sub-stations at various locations throughout the county.
Community relations.
The section provides community service-oriented support in the areas of crime prevention and community relations, provides a variety of educational and community-based recreational youth programs and oversees the department’s volunteer program and the Office of the Chaplain. The section serves as a direct liaison with community groups to foster a better working relationship between the department and the communities.
Crime prevention.
Through its Crime Prevention Unit, the section provides support and subject matter expertise in the area of crime prevention and avoidance. It conducts crime avoidance surveys for businesses and residences, and oversees neighborhood watch programs. The Crime Prevention Unit also manages the department’s volunteer Reserve Officer program, the Volunteers in Police Service (VIPS) program, and the Office of the Chaplain. The Office of the Chaplain provides counseling and spiritual support to Department employees.
Special operations.
The Special Operations Section includes the Quick Response Team (QRT), K-9 Unit, Traffic Safety Section, Marine Unit, and Aviation Unit. The SOS provides tactical support for a variety of department activities including high-risk warrant service, selective patrol and narcotics operations, dignitary protection, and response to hostage, barricade, and terrorist incidents.
The Aviation Unit provides aerial tactical support of ground units including traffic enforcement, aerial observation and pursuits, missing persons, search and rescue, tactical patrol operations, and extraordinary police incidents.
Communications.
Anne Arundel County operates an 800 MHz trunked radio system for all county police, fire and DPW communications. Broadcasts are currently digital communications.
Weapons.
Officers are currently issued the Sig Sauer 229-R .40 caliber pistol, ASP expandable baton and O.C. spray. Remington 870 shotguns, Colt and Bushmaster AR-15 rifles, beanbag shotguns, and X26 Tasers are used by some officers as well.
Before the Sig Sauer 229 was issued in the late 90's, officers were equipped with the Beretta 92F in 9mm.

</doc>
<doc id="9629306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629306" title="Pembina Valley Twisters">
Pembina Valley Twisters

The Pembina Valley Twisters are a Canadian junior ice hockey team currently based in Morris, Manitoba, Canada. They are part of the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League (MMJHL).
History.
The Pembina Valley Twisters first skated into existence in September 2001, founded by Glenn Cordy and Kerry Lines. Glenn and Kerry coached the Sanford Sabers High School Hockey Team during the 2000–2001 season. At the conclusion of an emotional season it was realized that the graduating players did not have a place to continue playing outside the "Winkler Flyers" and a Junior B team in St. Malo, Manitoba. Thus the founding of the team in 2001.
Past seasons (2001-2006).
The first four years were spent in Oakbluff. The first coach was Danny McDonald.
The third and fourth years were led by Rick Smith and his coaching staff. During both seasons, the Twisters competed and made the play-offs. Concluding the fourth season, as was the case with Danny McDonald, Rick Smith stepped down as head coach. Rick's efforts did not go un-noticed as the Twisters were now on the verge of taking the next step, competing for a league championship.
After our fourth season Glen Munford contacted Kerry Lines inquiring about an expansion franchise for Morris. That was not possible, as sharing the existing geographic area would not work. The other possibility was proposed, moving the Twisters to the Town of Morris. After several discussions and after partaking in the Stampede Parade, it was unanimously decided to move the franchise to Morris. The existing ownership group of Kerry, Don Boyd and Doug Ushakas now joined Glen Munford and Dale Rempel to make up the new ownership group.
The Twisters entered the fifth year with Doug Ushakas behind the bench as head coach. The previous two seasons were as an assistant to Rick Smith. After an off season recruiting program, the Twisters were eliminated during the first round of play-offs.

</doc>
<doc id="9629309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629309" title="Lost Ocean (album)">
Lost Ocean (album)

Lost Ocean is the first album released by Credential Records band Lost Ocean. It features four songs of their EP, "Night to Life". The album was released on February 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9629336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629336" title="Blue Angel (train)">
Blue Angel (train)

The Blue Angel (in Dutch: "Blauwe Engel") was the name given to the "Plan X" class DE-1 diesel railcars formerly used by the Netherlands Railways.
These streamlined single carriage DEMUs were built by Allan of Rotterdam in 1953-54. They were extensively used on the branch lines in Friesland as well as on other non-electrfied secondary routes. They also operated the Maastricht-Liege shuttle. Originally painted blue (hence the nickname), they were later repainted dark red. They were largely replaced by new "Wadloper" DMUs in the 1980s.
The class DE-2 DMUs were similar, but with two (articulated) carriages. The DE-2s were later refurbished and repainted into yellow NS livery, but the DE-1s retained the dark red livery until withdrawal. 

</doc>
<doc id="9629338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629338" title="Gundersen">
Gundersen

Gundersen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9629346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629346" title="Cajunga">
Cajunga

Cajunga is a city located in northwestern Peru in the Piura Region. 
The official languages are both Spanish and Quechua.

</doc>
<doc id="9629377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629377" title="Johnny Leo'o">
Johnny Leo'o

Johnny Leo'o (born 3 October 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer. His usual position is at Flanker. He is 1.85m tall and weighs 100 kg. He played for Canterbury in the NPC and he also represented Crusaders in the Super 14 rugby competition. He played 60 games for Canterbury and 6 games for Bay of Plenty. He made his debut in 1999 for Bay of Plenty against Auckland. He made his Super Rugby debut for the Crusaders against the Stormers in the 2002 Super 12 season. He is part Samoan and for that reason the Samoa Rugby Football Union wanted him to play for Samoa but he declined and he went on to play for the New Zealand sevens team in 2000 and 2001 before being capped again at national level in 2006 when he made the Junior All Blacks. He played in over 40 matches for the Crusaders scoring 5 tries. He now plays his rugby for Racing Métro 92 in the Top 14 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9629399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629399" title="Science and technology in the Philippines">
Science and technology in the Philippines

For more on Science and technology in the Philippines, please see the following articles:

</doc>
<doc id="9629400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629400" title="Mast General Store">
Mast General Store

The Mast General Store, located in Historic Valle Crucis, is recognized by the National Register of Historic Places as one of the best remaining examples of an old country general store. It is still the center of the community housing the post office (Valle Crucis, NC 28691) and offering coffee for 5¢ on the honor system. It remains true to the old-time general store from the 19th century by offering items that its neighbors might need, as well as products of interest to travelers and other visitors. Today there are nine locations, including the Original Store and Annex, both located in Valle Crucis, North Carolina. The store sells commodities, such as old-time hearth and home goods, outdoor clothing and gear, footwear, work clothes, old-fashioned wind-up toys, regional books and music, honey, and more than 500 varieties of old-fashioned candy.
History.
The building that would become Mast General Store was constructed in 1882 by Henry Taylor and opened in 1883. W.W. Mast purchased half interest in the store in 1897, and the store was renamed the "Taylor and Mast General Store". In 1913, Mast purchased the remaining half of Taylor's interest, and the business became known as the Mast General Store. The business stayed in the family through three generations until, in 1973, it was sold to a doctor from Atlanta and a professor from Appalachian State University.
The business closed its doors in 1977. It would remain closed until John and Faye Cooper purchased and reopened it in June 1980. In 1996, Mast General Store became an employee-owned company.
The first store outside of the Valle Crucis area was opened in 1988 in Boone. It was followed by three more stores, for a total of six Mast General Stores in North Carolina. A Waynesville location opened in 1991, Hendersonville in August 1995, Asheville in 1999. A smaller concept store, Mast Store Candy and More opened in Blowing Rock in March 2005 and has since closed. March 2003 would see the first opening of a store outside of North Carolina, with a store opened in Greenville, South Carolina. A store on Gay Street in Downtown Knoxville, Tennessee opened in August 2006. The ninth, and newest, Mast General Store was opened on May 25, 2011, in Columbia, South Carolina. In 2013 it was announced that a new store would be opening in Winston-Salem NC sometime in 2015.
Historical Recognition.
The Valle Crucis Mast General Store was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 3, 1973. North Carolina has recognized the valley in which it is located as the first Rural Historic District. It also won the L. Vincent Lowe, Jr. Business Award from Preservation North Carolina in 1998. This award is given to businesses that make special efforts to assist and/or promote historic preservation in North Carolina 
Green Power.
The Mast General Store committed to purchasing 3.6 million kilowatt-hours per year of "Green Energy" in 2006. Traditional fossil fuel would create 750,000 pounds of carbon dioxide to generate the same amount of electricity. This commitment was part of a campaign by NCGreenPower to expand the use of renewable energy in North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="9629402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629402" title="Jambu">
Jambu

Jambu or jumbu could refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="9629407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629407" title="Luttrellstown Castle">
Luttrellstown Castle

Luttrellstown Castle, dating from the early 15th century (circa 1420), is located in Clonsilla on the outskirts of Dublin, Ireland. It has been owned variously by the eponymous and notorious Luttrell family, by the bookseller Luke White and his descendants Baron Annaly, by the Guinness family, the Primwest Group, and since 2006, by JP McManus, John Magnier and Aidan Brooks.
The castle has hosted visits by Queen Victoria in 1844 and 1900, and its media profile was raised when Victoria Adams married David Beckham there on 4 July 1999. American rock band R.E.M. recorded part of the their album Monster there also. Luttrellstown and its remaining demesne currently form a 5-star resort, with a golf course, country club and unique location just outside the city boundaries of Dublin.
Owners.
The Luttrell family.
The Luttrell family had held Luttrellstown since the land there had been granted to Sir Geoffrey de Luterel in about 1210 by King John. Sir Geoffrey served as King John's minister on many missions of state to Ireland from 1204 to 1216, and was the ancestor of the Luttrells of Dunster Castle in Somersetshire, England. The family became the biggest landowners in the district by the 17th century.
Robert Luttrell was treasurer of St Patrick's Cathedral and Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1235 to 1246.
The castle was started by Sir Geoffrey Luttrell, the 5th Lord Luttrell, who was born about 1385. Sir Thomas Luttrell was Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas, 1534-1554.
Colonel Henry Luttrell, (born about 1655, died 22 October 1717), the second son of Thomas Luttrell of Luttrellstown, was an Anglo-Irish soldier. He was assassinated in his sedan chair outside his town house in Wolfstone Street, Dublin, in 1717. He had created enemies by supposedly betraying the Irish leader Patrick Sarsfield, either by his precipitate withdrawal of his Jacobite troops, and/or by giving the army of William III strategic information about a ford of a river, leading to the loss of the Battle of Aughrim in 1691.
Colonel Simon Luttrell, 1st Earl of Carhampton (1713–14 January 1787), was an Irish nobleman who became a politician at Westminster. He was the second son of Colonel Henry Luttrell of Luttrellstown and became Lord Lieutenant of County Dublin.
Henry Lawes Luttrell, 2nd Earl of Carhampton (born 1743, died 1821) was the son of Simon, 6th Lord Luttrell of Luttrellstown. He served as a Member of Parliament for Bossiney in 1768, and subsequently was Adjutant General of Ireland, where he became notorious for his role in suppressing the Irish Rebellion of 1798. He was so hated that he sold Luttrellstown Castle in 1800, but in a revenge attack the grave of his grandfather Colonel Henry Luttrell (died 1717) was opened and the skull smashed. His 'popularity' in Ireland is encapsulated by an incident in which the "Dublin Post" of 2 May 1811 reported his death. Luttrell demanded a retraction, which the newspaper printed, but it appeared under the headline "Public Disappointment" . Luttrell was an absentee landlord who also owned an estate in the West Indies but resided at Painshill Park in Surrey, England.
His sister Anne Luttrell (1742-1808), one of the great beauties of the age, married as her second husband Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland, one of the brothers of King George III.
Luke White.
Henry Lawes Luttrell sold Luttrellstown to publisher Luke White, described as one of the most remarkable men that Ireland produced and ancestor of Lord Annaly. Luke White changed the name to "Woodlands" to eradicate the name of Luttrell, but his great grandson, 3rd Lord Annaly, reverted it to Luttrell Castle.
In 1778 Luke White started as an impecunious book dealer, buying in Dublin and reselling around the country. By 1798, during the rebellion, he helped the Irish government with a loan of 1 million pounds (at £65 per £100 share at 5%). He became M.P. for Leitrim, and died in 1824 leaving properties worth £175,000 per annum.
Lord Annaly.
Eventually the estate devolved to his fourth son who was created Lord Annaly, peer of the United Kingdom.
Visits by Queen Victoria.
Queen Victoria first visited Luttrellstown in 1844 en route to the Duke of Leinster at Carton House. In 1900, en route to the Viceregal Lodge she drank a cup of tea near the waterfall, an event commemorated by Lord Annaly with an obelisk made of six granite blocks from the Dublin mountains.
Ernest Guinness.
In 1927 the estate was bought by Ernest Guinness, as a wedding present for his daughter, Aileen Guinness, the Honourable Mrs Brinsley Plunket.
Private consortia.
In 1983 it was sold to the private consortium Primwest, and in 2006, it was bought by JP McManus, John Magnier and Aidan Brooks. In 2007, more than €20 million was spent on major upgrade work, including improvements to the Steel- and Mackenzie-designed championship golf course and the "alpine style" clubhouse. But late in 2008, it was announced that with under 400 members, the golf course and club would close at the end of 2009. No intention to close the hotel or sell the estate were announced. Golf club members, who said they had been given assurances about the club facilities and continuity, were reported to be "extremely angry and disappointed." The club did not close in 2009 and remains open to date.

</doc>
<doc id="9629411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629411" title="Pok Oi Hospital">
Pok Oi Hospital

Pok Oi Hospital (Chinese: 博愛醫院) is a major hospital in Hong Kong, serving the northwest New Territories. Located in Au Tau in Yuen Long, it was founded by residents in 1919 when Yuen Long was a still rural town. The hospital later became a charity organisation, and extended its services to include schools, homes for the elderly, social welfare and other areas. 
The hospital is now funded and managed by the charity and Hospital Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="9629417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629417" title="Ruth Taylor (actress)">
Ruth Taylor (actress)

Ruth Taylor (January 13, 1905 – April 12, 1984) was an American actress in silent films and early talkies. Her son is the writer Buck Henry.
Early years.
Born Ruth Alice Taylor to Norman and Ivah (Bates) Taylor in Grand Rapids, Michigan. She was two years old when her parents moved to Portland, Oregon, where she graduated from high school.
Film career.
After participating in amateur dramatics as a youth, Taylor persuaded her mother to bring her to Hollywood where the teenager spent a year working as an extra. She was discovered by Mack Sennett in February 1925 when he was looking for a blonde to play in a Harry Langdon comedy. She was chosen from around two hundred girls who responded to Sennett's call. She was also selected as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars in 1928.
In 1927, Taylor's two-year contract with Mack Sennett expired. She was cast as Lorelei Lee in the silent movie version of "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" (1928). Directed by Malcolm St. Clair, the film co-starred Alice White and Ford Sterling.
During the search for Lorelei Lee, fans sent 14,000 letters to Paramount Pictures. Each suggested a choice of an actress for the role. In return, every fan was mailed a photo of Ruth Taylor when she was selected for the part. It was the largest shipment of pictures of one person ever shipped from Hollywood. Anita Loos was determined that Taylor play the role of her literary character. "Just Married" (1928) was the first offering in what was billed as a new comedy team featuring Taylor and James Hall. Produced by B.P. Schulberg, the movie was directed by Frank R. Strayer.
Taylor's final screen credits are roles in "A Hint to Brides" (1929), "The College Coquette" (1929), "This Thing Called Love" (1929), and "Scrappily Married" (1930).
Later in life she was to marry a former General and New York Stockbroker, Paul Zuckerman. He had served in the Lafayette Escadrille during WWI. Their son, Buck Henry, went on to become a famous comedian and screen writer of such hits as The Graduate.
Death.
Ruth Taylor died in Palm Springs, California in 1984, aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="9629426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629426" title="Mjøndalen IF">
Mjøndalen IF

Mjøndalen IF is a Norwegian sports club from Mjøndalen, Buskerud, Norway. It has won the Norwegian Football Cup three times. Mjøndalen has also finished runners-up in the top tier of the Norwegian football league two times, each time qualifying them for participation in the UEFA Cup.
Football.
Norwegian Cup.
Mjøndalen has won the Norwegian Cup three times, 1933, 1934 and 1937.
Norwegian Premier League.
After being promoted in 1971, Mjøndalen regularly played on the top-tier of Norwegian football in the 1970s and 1980s, and finished second in 1976 and 1986. The last round of the 1976 season saw Mjøndalen beat giants SK Brann away in front of a crowd of 22,401, a result which would have awarded them the league title if Lillestrøm SK had lost their game - which they did not. The last time Mjøndalen played in the Norwegian Premier League (Tippeligaen) was in 1992. After this, the club has participated on the second, third and fourth tier of Norwegian football.
European competitions.
The men's football team have played twice in UEFA Cup, seasons UEFA Cup 1977-78 and UEFA Cup 1987-88, against German teams, and once in UEFA Cup Winners' Cup 1969-70, against Welsh team Cardiff City, losing both legs, 1-7 home, and 1-5 away.
Recent years.
In recent times, the men's team won its group of the Norwegian Second Division in 2008, and was promoted to Adeccoligaen.
Current squad.
"For season transfers, see transfers winter 2011–12 and transfers summer 2012."
Bandy.
The club is known for its bandy section, with 14 Norwegian championships and several international players. They play their home games at Vassenga.

</doc>
<doc id="9629428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629428" title="Wicken Bonhunt">
Wicken Bonhunt

Wicken Bonhunt is a small village located in north-west Essex, in the non-metropolitan district of Uttlesford. It has a population of about 240.
The village is on the B1038 (Buntingford) road and is midway between the larger villages of Newport and Clavering. The nearest town is Saffron Walden, some away. Stansted Airport is approximately away.
Village history.
Originally, Wicken Bonhunt may have been two separate communities, and the name possibly derives from old English for dairy farm ("wic", pl. "wicum") and huntsmen liable to be summoned ("bann-huntan").
The village is mentioned in the Domesday Book as the manors of 'Wica' and 'Banhunta'. Just under two centuries later, in 1238, it is referred to in subsidy rolls as 'Wykes Bonhunte'. In the Domesday Book it is listed as having 23 households, comprising nine villagers, 11 smallholders and three slaves.
Signs of this early settlement include the 11th-century (or possibly 10th-century) former Chapel of St Helen in the grounds of Bonhunt Farm and close to a motorway flyover for the M11. It is believed to be one of the oldest surviving buildings in the east of England, and an annual service is held at the site.
A middle Saxon settlement of some size was excavated in the fields close to the Chapel in the 1970s, during the construction of the M11, with signs of an early settlement having been spotted in 1967 by a local archeologist. Excavations found evidence of around 30 structures, including a long room, and artefacts retrieved from the site led archeologists to believe this could have been a royal manor.
Parts of the Parish Church of St Margaret, including the chancel, are early 13th century, but there was extensive restoration and rebuilding in the 1850s in the 14th-century style. It is a Grade II* listed building. The interior includes a font that is thought to date from the 12th century. There are many other listed buildings in the village, most notably the Grade II*-listed, 16th-century Brick House.
Village amenities.
Wicken Bonhunt's pub, formerly the Coach & Horses, reopened in 2012 as Ananta Thai Food Pub, also serving real ales.
Amid much local controversy, the former young people's residential study centre at Wicken House was sold to property developers in 2009, having closed a year earlier. In February 2012, a new village 'hub' community centre was opened at St Margaret's Church. The £200,000 project was assisted by grants from Essex County Council. It is designed as a new focal point for youth and community events, following the closure of Wicken House.

</doc>
<doc id="9629430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629430" title="GLUT3">
GLUT3

Glucose transporter 3 (or GLUT3), also known as solute carrier family 2, facilitated glucose transporter member 3 (SLC2A3) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "SLC2A3" gene. GLUT3 facilitates the transport of glucose across the plasma membranes of mammalian cells. GLUT3 is most known for its specific expression in neurons and has originally been designated as the neuronal GLUT. GLUT3 has been studied in other cell types with specific glucose requirements, including sperm, preimplantation embryos, circulating white blood cells and carcinoma cell lines.
Discovery.
GLUT3 was the third glucose transporter to be discovered, first cloned in 1988 from a fetal skeletal muscle cell line, using a GLUT1 cDNA probe and shown to share 64.4% identity with GLUT1.
Function.
Although GLUT3 was found to be expressed in various tissues, it is most specifically expressed in neurons, found predominantly in axons and dendrites and also, but less prominently, in the cell body. GLUT3 has both a higher affinity for glucose and at least a fivefold greater transport capacity than GLUT1, GLUT2 and GLUT4, which is particularly significant for its role in neuronal glucose transport, where ambient glucose levels are fivefold lower than in serum.
Brain.
Glucose delivery and utilization in the mammalian brain is mediated primarily by a high molecular weight form of GLUT1 in the blood–brain barrier, GLUT3 in neuronal populations and a less glycosylated form of GLUT1 in the remainder of the parenchyma. GLUT3 is considered the main but not the exclusive neuronal glucose transporter, whereas other glucose transporters have also been observed in neurons.
GLUT3 expression in neurons in the rat coincides with maturation and synaptic conectivity and a positive correlation between protein levels of GLUT1, GLUT3 and regional cerebral glucose utilization was observed in mouse.
The central role of GLUT3 in cerebral metabolism has been challenged by the astrocyte-neuron lactate shuttle (ANLS) hypothesis, which proposes that astrocytes play the key role in the coupling of neuronal activity and cerebral glucose utilization. In this hypothesis, the astrocyte, which relies on GLUT1 for glucose transport, is the primary consumer of glucose in the brain, providing lactate as the primary energetic fuel for neurons. However, by modeling the kinetic characteristics and glucose concentrations in neurons and glia, it was concluded that the glucose capacity of neurons via GLUT3 far exceeds that of astrocytes via GLUT1. Additionally, demonstrations of increase in GLUT3 expression associated with increased cerebral glucose utilization provides further confirmation of the central role of GLUT3.
Other tissues.
Expression of GLUT3 is also found in sperm, embryos, white blood cells and carcinoma cell lines.

</doc>
<doc id="9629431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629431" title="Wild Act">
Wild Act

Wild Act is a ten-volume manga series by Rie Takada, and was the first of her series to be translated in English. It was translated by Tokyopop, who opted not to renew the license once it expired.
Plot.
The story starts with a girl named Yuniko trying to steal an award because it was held by the late actor Akira Nanae. The actor who would receive it, Ryu Eba, finds out about her stealing it and tells her that she must steal it from him again. Then they start to fall in love. She continues to steal Akira's things, and she finds a tape of a conversation between her parents that states she has a brother named Ryu. They then travel to America and attend acting school in Los Angeles. She meets another Ryu, Ryu Gilliams. He says that his parents were Nanae's friends, and that they were told to marry. They star in the school play, and are successful. They find out Ryu Eba isn't her brother, and they end up as successful actors. At the end, Kamui and Cinnamon have babies, and Yuniko and Ryu have a baby as well. The last page ends in a cliffhanger, however, as they attend an award ceremony and it is never shown whether Ryu or Yuniko get the award.

</doc>
<doc id="9629447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629447" title="Via della Conciliazione">
Via della Conciliazione

Via della Conciliazione (Road of the Conciliation) is a street in the Rione of Borgo within Rome, Italy. Roughly in length, it connects Saint Peter's Square to the Castel Sant'Angelo on the western bank of the Tiber River. The road was constructed between 1936 and 1950, and it is the primary access route to the Square. In addition to shops, it is bordered by a number of historical and religious buildings – including the Palazzo Torlonia, the Palazzo dei Penitenzieri and the Palazzo dei Convertendi, and the churches of Santa Maria in Traspontina and Santo Spirito in Sassia.
Despite being one of the few major thoroughfares in Rome able to cope with a high volume of traffic without congestion, it is the subject of much ire both within the Roman community and among historical scholars due to the circumstances under which it was constructed. The area around the church was rebuilt several times following the various Sacks of Rome, and again after having deteriorated due to the loss of prosperity resulting from the Papacy's relocation to Avignon during the 14th century. Through all of these reconstructions, the area in front of the short courtyard of Saint Peter's Basilica remained a maze of densely packed structures overhanging narrow side-streets and alleyways.
Previous plans.
Plans were drawn up several times over the years for the construction of a major link between the Vatican City and the centre of Rome; the number of submissions increasing dramatically with the onset of the Italian Renaissance. The first design was submitted by Leone Battista Alberti during the reign of Pope Nicholas V, and formed one of the two perennial designs proposed for the area. Alberti envisioned an "open" plan, consisting of a single voluminous V-shaped boulevard, widest at St. Peter's Basilica itself and tapering as it approached the Tiber. The other scheme of designs submitted by architects was a "closed" plan that would consist of two roads arching outwards in an ellipse, with the Tiber and the Square at opposite ends. Proponents of a closed plan would usually suggest that the space between the two causeways be separated by a colonnade, or by a row of inhabited structures whose designs would be scrutinised and approved by architects employed by the Holy See. Variations on both themes were submitted time and time again. Proponents of an "open" plan included such architects as Giovanni Battista Nolli and Cosimo Morelli. A number of other architects, such as Carlo Fontana, and at least one Pope (Sixtus V) favoured a "closed" design, with a number of streets radiating from the central square, maintaining the "spina", or spine, of the structures of Borgo directly between the square and the Tiber. Neither approach moved beyond sketches and blueprints. Both open and closed designs were considered by the Vatican, but were ultimately discarded for reasons of expense. A thorough examination of the costs of constructing a thoroughfare was made by the Vatican-approved "St. Peter's Building Commission" in 1651. Their conclusion was that "the cardinals' proposal to demolish all the buildings between the Borgo Nuovo and the Borgo Vecchio for a greater and longer vista to the church" would be infeasible due to inordinately high expropriation costs and vested property interests. 
Further momentum was lost when Gian Lorenzo Bernini was commissioned to redesign the terrace in front of the Basilica in 1656. After discarding several sketches, Bernini settled on a colossal open space in the shape of an ellipse. With the potential expense of clearing Borgo, Bernini decided instead to make use of the warren of poorly maintained medieval buildings to obscure any view of the Vatican structures from any significant distance. In this way, pilgrims emerged from the relative darkness of the city into the vast open space and grandeur of the Square and its surrounding buildings – a sight calculated to inspire awe in first-time visitors to the Holy See's seat of power. Bernini had originally planned to demolish a square roughly 100 m to a side directly in front of the square, filling the space with a third colonnade (or "terzo braccio") to match the two still standing today. This would afford a longer vantage point to allow visitors a better viewing angle of the new Basilica. The death of his patron, Pope Alexander VII, put a halt to Bernini's work. The third set of columns was abandoned, and Bernini's piazza remained open-ended and incomplete.
From the final major reconstruction of Borgo in the 15th Century, the site which the Via della Conciliazione now covers remained occupied by residential, religious, and historical buildings for nearly 500 years. The final impetus behind the road's construction was primarily political. Borgo, along with the rest of the Papal States outside of the Vatican itself, was taken by the Kingdom of Italy during the Italian unification in the 19th Century – leading to Pope Pius IX's declaration that he had become a prisoner in the Vatican and the formation of the Roman Question. For the next 59 years, the Popes refused to leave the Vatican, in order to avoid any appearance of accepting the authority wielded by the Italian government over Rome as a whole. Initially, parts of the Italian government welcomed this, expecting the influence of the Papacy to fade to the point that enough political support could be gained to abolish it altogether. However, this failed to come to pass, and eventually a compromise acceptable to both states was reached in the Lateran treaty of 1929.
Mussolini and Rome.
Prime Minister Benito Mussolini, who had signed the accord on behalf of the King, resurrected the idea of a grand thoroughfare symbolically connecting the Vatican to the heart of the Italian capital. To fulfil this vision, Mussolini turned to the prominent Fascist architects Marcello Piacentini and Attilio Spaccarelli. Drawing inspiration from a number of the designs submitted by Carlo Fontana, Piacentini came up with a plan that would preserve the best aspects of both the "open" and "closed" designs – a grand boulevard that would nonetheless obscure the majority of the Vatican buildings per Bernini's intentions. The vast colonnaded street would require the placed in between the Basilica and the Castle. Since the facades of the buildings lining this space did not align perfectly, in order to create the illusion of a perfectly straight causeway traffic islands would be erected along both sides, with rows of obelisks leading towards the Square, doubling as lampposts. These were also intended to reduce the effect that the funnel-shaped design would have on perspective when facing the Basilica. The wings of those buildings closest to the square would be preserved to form a propylaea, blocking the greater portion of the Vatican City from approaching visitors and framing the Square and Basilica at the head of a grand open space that would allow for easy vehicular access.
Construction.
Demolition of the spina of Borgo began with Mussolini's symbolic strike of the first building with a pickaxe on October 29, 1936, and continued for twelve months. Even at the time, the demolition proved controversial, with many Borgo residents displaced en masse to settlements ("borgate") outside of the city. Among the buildings dismantled, either totally or in part, and rebuilt in another position, were the Palazzo dei Convertendi, the house of Giacomo and Bartolomeo da Brescia, the Church of the Nunziatina, the palaces Rusticucci-Accoramboni, Cesi and degli Alicorni. Other buildings, like the palace of the Governatore del Borgo and the Churches of S. Giacomo a Scossacavalli and S. Angelo al Corridore, were destroyed. Facing into the cleared area are five other historical buildings, the Palazzo Giraud-Torlonia, the church of Santa Maria in Traspontina, the Palazzo dei Penitenzieri, Palazzo Serristori, and Palazzo Cesi (which was mutilated).
The construction of the road was only a small feature in the reconstruction of Rome ordered by Mussolini, which ranged from the restoration of the Castel Sant'Angelo, the clearance of the Mausoleum of Augustus, to the vastly more complicated site of the Via dell'Impero through Rome's ancient imperial remains. His plan was to transform Rome into a monument to Italian fascism. 
Construction of the road continued long after Mussolini's death and the abolition of Italian Fascism. The obelisks along the road were installed in time for the Jubilee of 1950.
Today.
Since its completion, the road has acted as the primary access point to St. Peter's Square, and by extension to the Vatican City itself. At times, such as during the funeral of Pope John Paul II, it has acted as an extension to the square itself, allowing a greater number of visitors to attend functions conducted there.

</doc>
<doc id="9629452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629452" title="Acanthus of Sparta">
Acanthus of Sparta

Acanthus the Lacedaemonian, was the victor in two footrace events, the diaulos () and dolichos (), in the Olympic Games of 720 BC. He was also, according to some accounts, the first who ran naked in these games. Other accounts ascribe this to Orsippus the Megarian. Thucydides says that the Lacedaemonians were indeed the first who contended naked in gymnastic games, although he does not mention Acanthus by name.

</doc>
<doc id="9629472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629472" title="Orsippus">
Orsippus

Orsippus was an ancient Greek runner from Megara who was famed as the first to run the footrace naked at the Olympic Games and "first of all Greeks to be crowned victor naked." Others argue that it was Acanthus instead who first introduced Greek athletic nudity. Orsippus won the stadion-race of the 15th Olympic Games in 720 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="9629474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629474" title="Lincolnview High School (Van Wert, Ohio)">
Lincolnview High School (Van Wert, Ohio)

Lincolnview High School is a public high school near Van Wert, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Lincolnview Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Lancers and they are members of the Northwest Conference (OHSAA).

</doc>
<doc id="9629480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629480" title="Newhaven Incinerator">
Newhaven Incinerator

The Newhaven Incinerator is an incinerator currently under construction for the treatment of up to 210,000 tonnes per annum of East Sussex's municipal solid waste. The facility, being built by Veolia Environmental Services, has been given the green light by planners at the Conservative-controlled East Sussex County Council.
Opposition.
Campaign group Defenders of the Ouse Valley and Estuary claimed that more than 11,000 objections were made to the incinerator. In its petition, the group said: "The incinerator proposed by East Sussex County Council will dominate the town of Newhaven with two chimneys towering over high, the main building of the incinerator will be over high and more than long. The site is on the edge of an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and in a valley which is between the two halves of Newhaven."
Construction.
Construction of the incinerator began in April 2008 and was completed in late 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9629499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629499" title="Warashi">
Warashi

Warashi Inc. (株式会社 童) is a small Japanese company who develops video games for arcade, home console, and mobile platforms, specializes in Mahjong and shoot 'em up titles. It is known for the Shienryu series of games and are releasing one of the final Dreamcast games in early 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9629506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629506" title="Lebanon Mason Monroe Railroad">
Lebanon Mason Monroe Railroad

The Lebanon Mason Monroe Railroad is located in historic downtown Lebanon, Ohio, between Dayton and Cincinnati. The attraction features nostalgic train rides that are usually themed, such as the Easter Bunny Express, North Pole Express, and rides with favorite children's characters including Thomas the Tank Engine and Clifford the Big Red Dog.
Route history.
The train operates on approximately of track between Lebanon, Mason and Monroe – all cities in southwestern Ohio. For most trips the LM&M runs south from Lebanon Station in downtown historic Lebanon to a picnic grove along the track at the back property of the Southwest Golf Ranch. The train runs along the right-of-way of the Cincinnati, Lebanon and Northern Railway (CL&N), a historic passenger and freight line that began operation in 1881 with narrow gauge track ( between the rails). Three years later it was rebuilt to standard gauge. The CL&N was later acquired by the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) that operated both freight and passenger trains over the line between Dayton and Cincinnati. The passenger service over this line was primarily commuter trains that took people who lived in Warren County to jobs in Blue Ash, Norwood, Cincinnati and Dayton. The PRR discontinued Cincinnati passenger service over this line in 1931 after the opening of Cincinnati Union Terminal. Continuity of the original right-of-way between Lebanon and Cincinnati was broken when interstate highway I-71 was constructed during the 1960s. Segments of the original CL&N/PRR trackage are still in operation as of 2008. The LM&M’s track from Lebanon to Hageman Junction is currently owned by the city of Lebanon and Rail America (current owner of the Indiana and Ohio Railway) owns the remaining track. While the I&O continues to operate freight over the entire line, the LM&M has trackage rights to operate passenger trains.
Motive power.
Locomotive CNRY 55 is one of the oldest GP7 locomotives still operating. The locomotive was ordered by the Pere Marquette Railway (PM) from General Motors Electro-Motive Division (EMD) in 1947, but was delivered to the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) as a result of the takeover of the PM via a merger. The locomotive’s original number was 5705, and it ran in general freight service all over the C&O, and subsequently the Chessie System, until it was retired, then purchased by the I&O around 1987. The locomotive was built in May 1950 and was ballasted to ., the heaviest GP7s on the C&O. The 55 is a dual service locomotive, capable of moving both passenger and freight cars, and was originally equipped with a steam generator to provide heat for passenger cars in cold weather. A conservative estimate is that the 55 has traveled well over 2.5 million miles (4 million km) to date.
Coaches.
CNRY 101 - 104.
Four open-window commuter coaches built in 1930 by the Pullman Company in Chicago, and by the Harlan and Hollingsworth division of Bethlehem Shipbuilding for the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad (DL&W). These coaches did not require a locomotive because each car was self-propelled by four 3000 Volt DC, electric motors receiving electricity from overhead catenary wires. Though each car was equipped with individual engineer’s controls, two or more cars could be coupled together as a train and operated by a single engineer in the lead car. The coaches operated in commuter service in the eastern New Jersey suburbs of New York City. for the (DL&W) Railroad until 1960, when the Lackawanna Railroad was merged with the Erie Railroad to form the Erie Lackawanna (EL) and continued to serve until 1976, and finally New Jersey Transit (NJT) until 1984, when they were purchased for use in Lebanon. At that time the cars were named after historic and significant places along the current LM&M line: Cars101 Mason, 102 Hageman and 103 Turtle Creek each hold 72 passengers, and Car 104 Lebanon holds 54 passengers and features a snack bar.
Open–Air Car CNRY 100.
Built by the Lehigh and New England Railroad (L&NE) in 1934 as a 40 ton capacity freight gondola, the LM&M purchased it from the Maryland Midland Railroad (M&M) in 1986. This car has been extensively modified for excursion service, with new floor, elevated side rails and center rail, bench seating for 20 as well as pass-through doorways at each end. The car sports a headlight, bell, horn and control compartment and can be used in any order on the train consist because it provides “lead car and trail car” service.
Lebanon railroad station.
Built in 1972 as a replica of the original Lebanon Victorian-style passenger station and owned and maintained by the Lebanon Council of Garden Clubs. The land was purchased from the Penn Central Railroad and the Lebanon Council of Garden Clubs raised funds to build a membership facility on the property. The garden club members use the station as a library, meeting rooms, workshop space and memorabilia displays. The LM&M ticket office and gift shop is located across the street at the corner of South and Mechanic.
Crossing watchman’s tower.
The Lebanon Council of Garden Clubs secured a tower originally in service at the corner of Reading and Columbia Roads in Reading, Ohio. Before the introduction of automatic crossing gates, the gates were often operated manually by a crossing guard located in a tower that provided him a better view of oncoming trains and vehicular traffic.. The tower was equipped with a coal stove, chair, and crossing gate controls.
Ice house.
The antique ice house across the south side of the track is a donation to the Lebanon Council of Garden Clubs from the Middletown Ice and Coal Company.
Semaphore signal.
The origin of the semaphore at Lebanon Station parking lot is unknown; however it is representative of a typical train order semaphore, which was used to convey different messages to an approaching train by changing the positioning of the arm. The train order signal had three color and blade positions, Green (vertical) indicating no orders, Yellow (diagonal 45 degrees) indicating pick up orders while moving, and Red (horizontal) indicating stop and sign for orders after reading them as verification with the block operator, who controlled the signal. The signal was built by the Union Switch and Signal of Swissvale Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh. It is a donation from the Lebanon Kiwanis Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9629533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629533" title="Belmont Cricket Club">
Belmont Cricket Club

The Belmont Cricket Club was one of the four chief cricket clubs in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that played from the end of the 19th century until the outbreak of World War I. It was founded in 1874 in West Philadelphia and was disbanded in 1914. Bart King, arguably America's greatest cricketer during its 1890-1914 golden age, played for Belmont from 1893 to 1913. Another famous American cricketer, English-born Cecil Hurditch, played for Belmont in 1912 after he returned from playing cricket for the Santa Monica Cricket Club in southern California. In 1913, Hurditch introduced soccer to the club members.

</doc>
<doc id="9629538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629538" title="Bring Em Out (song)">
Bring Em Out (song)

"Bring Em Out" is the first single from T.I.'s third album "Urban Legend". He used a vocal sample from Jay-Z's "What More Can I Say" from "The Black Album" to create the hook. "Bring Em Out" became T.I.'s first top 10 single, peaking at No. 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was produced by Swizz Beatz and written by T.I. The song was featured extensively during the 2006 NBA Finals as the theme song for the Miami Heat during player introductions. "Bring Em Out" is featured on the unofficial remix for the Britney Spears song "Gimme More". T.I. sang this on an episode of "The O.C." (Return of The Nana) and the song appeared in an episode of the HBO series "Entourage" during Season 2. "Bring Em Out" is always played at Oklahoma City Thunder games, when the players come through the tunnel. It is also played at Saskatchewan Roughriders and Rutgers football games as well as New York Mets games in 2014. It was one of the first singles from T.I. to chart on the R&R mainstream top 40 chart. Swizz Beatz also provided some vocals for the song but is only credited for production.
The instrumental version of this song appears on promotions for G4's week-long TV special "Top 100 Video Games of All Time" set to premiere on July 11, 2012.
Music video.
The music video for "Bring Em Out" was directed by Fats Cats and was shot in Atlanta. DJ Drama, Jazze Pha, and Swizz Beatz made cameo appearances in the video. Just like his other video "Be Easy", "Bring Em Out" had another small video at the end, "U Don't Know Me", which he also released as his next single.
Single track list.
A-side.
1. "Bring 'Em Out " <br>
2. "Bring 'Em Out " <br>
3. "Bring 'Em Out " <br>
B-side.
1. "U Don't Know Me " <br>
2. "U Don't Know Me " <br>
3. "U Don't Know Me " <br>

</doc>
<doc id="9629555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629555" title="Jewel Taylor">
Jewel Taylor

Jewel Cianeh Howard Taylor (born January 17, 1963) is a Liberian politician and the current senior senator from Bong County. The former wife of President Charles Taylor (whom she married in 1997, but later divorced in 2006), she is a former First Lady of Liberia. In 2005, Taylor was elected to the Senate of Liberia in Bong County as a member of the National Patriotic Party. She is the Chairperson of the Senate Health and Social Welfare Committee on Gender, Women and Children. 
While her husband was president, Taylor held a number of official posts in the Liberian government, including Deputy Governor of the National Bank of Liberia (forerunner to the current Central Bank of Liberia), President of the Agriculture Cooperative and Development Bank (ACDB) and Mortgage Financing Underwriter of the First Union National Bank. In addition, she focused on educational, health and social projects. 
Taylor holds a graduate degree in banking and two bachelors in banking and economics. She is currently enrolled in the MBA program at Cuttington University in Liberia. On December 21, 2011, she graduated from the Louise Arthur Grimes School of Law of the state-owned University of Liberia. Two days later, a public dispute arose in Bong County regarding honors allegedly given her; she was announced to be the new holder of the title "Madam Suakoko", an honorary Bong County title memorializing the namesake of the Suakoko District, but members of the group that had supposedly awarded her the title soon began denying that the award had been given by their group, saying that the meeting at which she was awarded the title was actually a meeting to help county residents overcome political differences.

</doc>
<doc id="9629568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629568" title="Kim Smith">
Kim Smith

Kim or Kimberley Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9629572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629572" title="Polladhavan (2007 film)">
Polladhavan (2007 film)

Polladhavan (; ) is a Tamil film written and directed by Vetrimaran. It stars Dhanush and Divya Spandana and was released on 8 November 2007. The musical score was by G. V. Prakash Kumar, while Yogi B and Dhina composed each one song. Velraj was the director of cinematography and Rambo Rajkumar was the stunt choreographer. The film, which was not a remake of 1980 film of the same name which starred Dhanush's father-in-law Rajinikanth, was a major success at the box office. It was later remade into several other languages.
Plot.
Prabhu (Dhanush) is a happy-go-lucky middle-class family guy who spends time playing carrom in the streets with his friends Santhanam, Karunas. His father (Murali) and he keep falling into minor misunderstandings, and he indulges in a hopeless romance with a strange girl (Divya Spandana) who he meets at a bus stop. When he is caught in the act of stealing a pittance from his father for booze with his friends, Prabhu questions his father’s responsibility towards his upbringing. His angry father gives Prabhu some of his savings and tells him to do something with his life. Prabhu purchases a Bajaj Pulsar bike instead and finds a job. The bike eventually saves his life from a freak incident and gets lost, subjecting him to interminable anguish as he searches for his bike. When his family members asks him about his bike, he tells them that he has given it for dealer service.
Prabhu comes into conflict with the underworld, courtesy a brutal murder planned by Out, the right hand of an underworld smuggling don, Selvam (Kishore). Prabhu finds out that his bike was stolen by a petty bike thief who turns out to be in connection with Selvam's younger brother Ravi (Daniel Balaji). Prabhu traces down the culprit as Senthurayan and hands him over to the local police station. A formal complaint is lodged on Senthurayan on the same night. Later that night Prabhu confesses to his family that his bike was stolen. The next morning Ravi visits Prabhu's residence and threatens him to withdraw the complaint against Senthurayan. When Prabhu refuses, a fight breaks between Prabhu and Ravi, where Ravi is joined by few of his accomplices, Prabhu manages to fight them all and leaves Ravi beaten and embarrassed among the public. Selvam returns home in bail after a murder charge. When he finds out what happened to Ravi, he gets furious and sends his henchmen to kill Prabhu without knowing the reason for his brother's embarrassment. Meanwhile Prabhu, along with his friend and auto driver Kumar (Karunas), meets Selvam at his own residence. Ravi is not home at that time. Prabhu tells the truth to Selvam but refuses to believe that his brother Ravi and his men stole his bike. After hearing from his close ally Out (Pavan), Selvam believes Prabhu, apologizing for what happened and promises Prabhu that he will do whatever he can to get his bike back. But it was too late for Prabhu's father Murali who receives the attack from Ravi's men. He was admitted in a hospital and Prabhu breaks down after knowing that his father may never walk again after his right leg is paralysed by the attack. Selvam, Ravi and their men visit Prabhu to condole and apologize for what happened this time. Prabhu turns down the apology and again an immediate fight was about to break between Prabhu and Ravi before Selvam separates them both. Although he wants to stay away, Prabhu invariably gets dragged into rubbing shoulders with the criminals who now target his family to seek revenge.
Prabhu's bike was caught by Anti-Narcotics wing police and they nab Prabhu suspecting him of Drug-smuggling in his bike. They release him after Prabhu tells them that his bike was stolen and shows them his FIR copy. But he doesn't tell them about Ravi or Selvam. Now Prabhu learns that his bike was stolen by Selvam's men to escspe from a murder scene but it was Ravi who smuggled drugs in his bike's petrol tank. Prabhu loses his job as an employee in his workplace since his bike was a source of transportation, and as he was kept at police custody for one night. Prabhu also gets despair from Hema's father for being involved unwllingly with Selvam's men. Ravi makes one more attempt at Prabhu's life but he was snubbed again by Prabhu. Selvam becomes unhappy about this and warns him to quit smuggling if he ever gets in Prabhu's business anymore. Ravi accuses Selvam of being a non-caring brother and Out intervenes and warns Ravi to mind his language. then surprisingly Selvam himself comes in support of his brother to lash out at Out. Out separates briefly from Selvam after this conflict. The next day Selvam and Ravi gets attacked by unknown gangsters when they were travelling in their car outside the city. Selvam asks his brother to stay inside the car and handles the killers on his own. He gets brutally injured though only to find out that he's been stabbed on back by his own Brother Ravi. The attack was arranged by Ravi himself to kill Selvam. Ravi delivers the killer blow before telling that Selvam is too complacent of Prabhu and he's going to kill him after killing Selvam. Selvam dies. Ravi creates a scene among Selvam's family, henchmen and Out that he's not aware of who launched the assault on Selvam. Out gets furious and vows to kill every enemy of his mentor Selvam including Prabhu.
Prabhu gets his bike back and was relieved for a brief time before coming to know what is going on and Ravi is after him and his family. He first goes to save Hema. After securing her, he goes to save his family. He thinks the only way to stop this is to confront Ravi himself. he takes down all the men sent by Ravi who comes in his way. Meanwhile Prabhu's family were chased down in Kumar's auto-rickshaw by Ravi's men. Prabhu finds Ravi hiding in an Ice-factory and engages him in a fight. Prabhu gets Ravi under the knife, threatening him to ask his men to leave Prabhu's family. Ravi does so. When Prabhu is about to leave, Ravi provokes him to continue the fight until death. Prabhu manages to dodge Ravi's swing of his knife and gets a steel rod to fatally knock down Ravi. Out arrives at the scene. Surprisingly he tells Ravi that he discovered Ravi's conspiracy of killing Selvam before Ravi dies. Prabhu leaves the scene in his much beloved Pulsar bike.
Production.
Vetrimaaran who earlier worked as an assistant to Balu Mahendra, prepared a script for Dhanush, who has the lead hero of the films he worked in, and Dhanush immediately accepted the offer after hearing the story. The film titled "Desiya Nedunchalai 47" was initially launched with Yuvan Shankar Raja as the music director and Ekambaram as the cinematographer. After he found trouble finding producers with A. M. Rathnam and Salem Chandrasekhar leaving the project after initial interest, Dhanush's sister Dr. Vimala Geetha agreed to produce the film, but she also dropped the film. Dhanush's father Kasthuri Raja finally agreed to produce the film and Kirat Bhattal was signed as heroine, while Harris Jayaraj was selected as music director. However, after two days of shoot the film was shelved and Dhanush opted to pursue other films after the surprise success of his "Thiruvilayadal Arambam". The film's collapse saw Vetrimaaran approach producer Kadiresan and narrated to him the stories he had prepared but the producer did not like "Desiya Nedunchaalai 47", but agreed to work on another project titled "Polladhavan".
Vetrimaaran has since described that he had "ample time" for he production works of "Polladhavan" as "Dhanush had confidence in him". Production designer Durai helped him rope in G. V. Prakash Kumar to score the film's music, while Dhanush also recommended cinematographer Velraj to Vetrimaaran after the pair had worked together in "Parattai Engira Azhagu Sundaram". Vetrimaaran chose Kannada language actor Kishore to make his Tamil film debut after his assistant gave him rave reviews of the actor's performance in the unfinished Prashanth-starrer "Petrol". The team held test shoots with both Kajal Aggarwal and Poonam Bajwa for the film and released the stills to the media, but Vetrimaaran was still unsatisfied and finished two schedules before finalising on Divya Spandana. The director revealed that there was initially an issue with the actress after she got offended by his words and did not come for the shoot for three days, before Durai intervened. The film's story was inspired partly by the lost bike of his friend Andrew and the variety of experiences he had tracking down his vehicle. Vetrimaaran revealed that when he wrote the script, he made many changes to suit the visual medium and for Dhanush on his physical attributes while playing an action hero. When questioned about its relevance to "Bicycle Thieves", he stated that it "is a disgrace to "Bicycle Thieves" if it is compared with "Polladhavan"".
Reviews.
The critic from Sify.com stating that "Vetri has made his mentor proud, and his style of narration and takings are very similar to the ace director Mahendra", labelling that the film had shades of Vittorio De Sica's 1948 Italian film, "Bicycle Thieves". The reviewer from The Hindu stated that "at no point does "Polladhavan" sag and that writer-director Vetrimaran has slogged through his screenplay and the result shows." Nowrunning wrote:"'Polladavan' is a typical Dhanush flick, which is not even distantly related to Rajinikanth's "Polladavan." The script is obviously tailor-made for Dhanush but it is no different from gangster movies, which make audiences feel jaded".
Remakes.
The film was remade in Kannada as "Punda" and in Telugu as "Kurradu" starring Varun Sandesh but it could not repeated the success of the original version. It was also reported to be remade in Sinhala as "Pravegeya" too with Sri Lankan models Hemal Ranasinghe and Jacqueline Fernandez in the lead roles.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack consisted of five song, three of them composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar, while rapper Yogi B and Dhina composed each one track. The song "Engeyum Eppodhum" is a remix of the same-titled song from the 1979 film "Ninaithale Inikkum". Responding to allegations that the song "Minnalgall Koothadum" was a rip-off of Akon's Smack That, Prakash Kumar stated "I may have been inspired but I did not just copy that song".

</doc>
<doc id="9629577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629577" title="Ain't a Damn Thing Changed">
Ain't a Damn Thing Changed

"Ain't a Damn Thing Changed" is the second album from the East Coast hip-hop duo Nice & Smooth.
Released on Def Jam Recordings sub-label RAL Records, it became more successful than its first album, "Nice & Smooth", with the stand-out track "Sometimes I Rhyme Slow" becoming a minor hit. With fewer explicit lyrics and more comedy, the group also showed its talent with other singles such as "How to Flow," "Cake and Eat it, Too," and "Hip Hop Junkies." However, the version of the latter track was not the version that was used in the music video.

</doc>
<doc id="9629608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629608" title="M. H. de Young">
M. H. de Young

Michael Henry "M. H." de Young (September 30, 1849 – February 15, 1925) was an American journalist and businessman.
Life and career.
De Young was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Amelia (née Morange) and Miechel de Young (possibly originally De Jong or De Jongh), who was a jeweler and dry-goods merchant. The family was Jewish, and immigrated from the Netherlands and France. His maternal grandfather, Benjamin Morange, served as the Minister from France to Spain under Napoleon. De Young moved with his family to San Francisco, California while he was still young. There, he and his brother, Charles de Young (1845–1880), founded the "Daily Dramatic Chronicle" newspaper, first published on January 16, 1865. "The Chronicle" was the predecessor of the "San Francisco Chronicle", San Francisco's only remaining daily broadsheet newspaper. De Young was also the director of the Associated Press for many years. De Young was a Heald College graduate.
In 1884, he was shot by an irate businessman, Adolph B. Spreckels, apparently due to a negative newspaper article, but survived. M. H. de Young died on February 15, 1925 and a Catholic church mass was held in St. Mary's Cathedral (he had converted to Catholicism after marrying his wife, Katherine I. Deane).
Legacy.
The M. H. de Young Memorial Museum in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park is named in his honor. He helped develop the gem collection for California’s first museum in 1894: "There is now on its way from New York to San Francisco the nucleus of what is destined to be San Francisco's first public museum. It has been purchased by M. H. De Young, the proprietor of the San Francisco Chronicle, who has visited New York in the capacity of Director-General of the San Francisco Midwinter Fair, the project of the museum having grown out of the unlooked-for results of the California Midwinter International Exposition of 1894. The fair proved a great commercial as well as industrial success, and the Board of Directors has something like a $200,000 surplus. This surplus it was determined to use as a fund for the establishment of a memorial museum, and Mr. De Young was deputed to visit New York and buy here whatever of curious and artistic and instructive value was available and within the funds at command. In that pleasant work the proprietor of San Francisco Chronicle has spent the last two or three weeks-and a good many thousands of dollars. The collection of precious stones which has gone to San Francisco was made by Mr. George Frederick Kunz of Tiffany & Co., and includes not only examples of such well-known jewels as diamonds, topazes, opals, carbuncles, turquoises, emeralds, arid rubies, but also such rarely heard of stones as asteriated diamonds, alexandrites from Russia, ruby spinels from Burmah, beryls from the Ural Mountains, and Spessartines from Brazil. Then there are monster stones, such as a Carbuncle (gemstone) with facets an inch and a half across, a golden brown topaz as big as a small cocoanut, and a mass of health-giving amber gum as large as one's hand. Such departures from the regular specimens of gems as blue topazes, black and purple pearls, and blue diamonds, and such wonders of nature and art as a saurian’s jawbone converted into jaspers, a string of amber beads, each with its fly, fresh water pearls, agatized wood, Persian turquoises with amulets of gold-filled texts from the Koran.-New York Sun.
De Young was the great-great-grandfather of actor Max Thieriot, and the grandfather of Nan Tucker McEvoy, former chair of Chronicle Publishing Company's board of directors until the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9629616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629616" title="Akanthos (Greece)">
Akanthos (Greece)

Akanthos (; ), later Ierissos (), was an ancient Greek city on the Athos peninsula. It was located on the north-east side of Akti, on the most eastern peninsula of Chalcidice. Strabo and Ptolemy erroneously place Acanthus on the Singitic Gulf, but there can be no doubt that the town was on the Strymonian Gulf, as is stated by Herodotus and other authorities: the error may have perhaps arisen from the territory of Acanthus having stretched as far as the Singitic Gulf. The name of the ancient city (derived from the acanthus bush) is due to the thorny nature of the area or to the thorny nature of the town's foundation.
History.
Foundation.
It was founded by 7th century BC (the archaeology suggests 655 BC) by colonists from Andros, according to Thucydides. Plutarch, on the other hand, referred to it as a mixed colony of Andrians and local Chalcidians, which was founded on the "Coast of Drakontos", in place of a preexisting civilization. He writes that settlers from Andros and Chalcis arrived on the shore at the same time. The natives of Acanthus, seeing the crowd of settlers, became frightened and left the city. The settlers sent an explorer each to see what had happened and, as they approached the city and realized it was empty, ran to be the first to take over the land for their fellow countrymen. The Chalcidian was the fastest but the Andrian, seeing he was losing, stopped and threw his spear on the wall's gate, before his opponent arrived. A court case followed, which was won by the Andrians, because as they protested, they had just about taken over the city first.
Growth.
Its growth during the Archaic period is reflected by the wide circulation of its currency, first minted around 530 BCE with the distinctive emblem of a lion killing a bull – an allusion to Herodotus’s account (vii. 125) that on the march of Xerxes from Acanthus to Therma, lions seized the camels which carried the provisions - at least 92 different types of coins have been found. Its economic resources emanated from the mining and wood from the nearby forests, but also through agricultural and vegetable goods that were transported through the sizable harbor.
The first historical reference, in Thuycidides, from mid-6th century BC, connects the city with the Persian Wars, during which the townsfolk officially welcomed the Persians and willingly helped with the digging of the canal for Xerxes, 480 BC, for which Xerxes richly rewarded them. They declared one of his relatives who died in the area, named Artahei, a hero, and willingly took part in the expedition against Greece. After the Persian wars Acanthus became a member of the Athenian Alliance, paying tribute of three talents. In 424 BCE, after a short siege and oratory by Brasidas, the city was convinced to ally itself with the Spartans, although Thucydides remarks the greater likelihood that it was the threat to destroy their profitable vineyards, rather than Brasidas's rhetoric, that truly moved the Acanthians.
Situation.
4th to 2nd centuries BCE.
In the initial phase of the establishment of the Chalcidice League, it was mainly smaller towns and cities in Macedonia that were enrolled. Only when it was firmly established was an offer made to Acanthus. When this was refuse a second offer was made but with the threat that force would be used should Acanthus refuse to join the federation. The townsfolk refused to join it, in part due to the old quarrel with the Chalcidians. Under threat from the Chalcidians, Acanthus called in Sparta's help, which came in 382 BC when the Spartans and Acanthians captured and destroyed Olynthos and the alliance, at least temporarily. Acanthus's staying-out of the alliance meant that in 350 BC, when it was conquered by Philip II of Macedon, it was not destroyed. Later it was incorporated to the region of Ouranoupolis, a new city that was founded by Alexarchos (Cassander's brother), in the isthmus, between the Strymoinan and the Singitic gulfs.
According to Livy, Acanthus was attacked by a Roman-Pergamene fleet in 199 BC during the Second Macedonian War and then besieged, captured and sacked by Rome in 168 BC. A little later, it was reestablished as a Roman colony of legionary veterans.
Roman period.
The Romans later exploited all the natural sources of wealth and its harbor, and the town continued through the Roman and Byzantine period. Around the start of the 1st century, Acanthus's renaming began, with its name translated into the Latin "Ericius", from which was derived its Byzantine and modern name of Ierissos or Erissos.
As Ierissos.
During the Byzantine era Erissos was the seat of a bishopric, evidenced from 883. From the 10th century onwards, the town's history is indissolubly linked with that of Mount Athos. In 942 there were disputes between Ierissos and the monks of Mount Athos over the borders between Ierissos and the monastic community's lands and, the following year, the differences were settled in person by a large commission of major politicians and church officials.
In the summer of 1425 Ierissos came into the hands of the Turks. During that time the Venetians, starting from Cassandreia, landed on the coastline of Ierissos, burnt down Ierissos (by then only a large village) and its surroundings and (on departure) set alight the castle and five towers. In 1821 Ierissos took part in the Greek War of Independence and during the repression the village was burnt down by the Turks and a large number of residents killed.
In 1932 the village was destroyed by a powerful earthquake, with 121 people killed and approximately 500 injured. After the earthquake the new Ierissos was built in its current position, a little north west of the ancient city.
Description.
The ancient city extended along a sheer hillside, about south-east of modern Ierissos. Remains of walls, an impressive citadel, and Hellenistic buildings survive, along with a deserted Byzantine church and two post Byzantine churches.
Necropolis.
The city itself has not been excavated, but the necropolis (graveyard) has, starting in 1973, since when more than 600 graves have been discovered. Particularly extensive is the sight of the cemetery along the seaside of Ierissos.
The graveyard seems to have been used for a long period, starting from the Archaic period (or perhaps even the 17th century BCE) right up to Roman times and later, perhaps with certain intervals in between each period of time. The graves occur in at least two or three layers, either shallow in the earth, or deeper in the sand, usually parallel with the line of the seashore. The orientation of the dead (that is, skulls of the dead - and the tops of jugs) is, in most cases, southeast.
In Acanthus both adults and children were buried in the same area according to ancient burial customs. Various grave types have been discovered - some are simple dirt holes, others coated with clay or undecorated or painted clay urns, yet others are shaped like boxes, covered in clay or jug-shaped (jug-shaped most probably constituted the majority of infant or child burials). The grave goods, usually placed in the graves next to or above the dead, are varied and sometimes in earthen containers. Often they were personal or related to their occupation (such as jewels, pins, buckles, mirrors, weapons - though these are rare -, needles, hooks, bill-hooks, knives or - very often in female and child graves - clay figurines representing various animals, foodstuffs, or human forms, such as actors). Some of the goods are locally made whilst some are from other commercial centres and workshops of the ancient world. Burial customs, and similar types of graves which have been discovered, resemble many other cemeteries in other ancient cities of Macedonia and Thrace, revealing the connection through trade to so much of the Greek-speaking East as well as to other well-known centres of the Peloponnessus (especially Euboea, Athens, Corinth and Boeotia).

</doc>
<doc id="9629622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629622" title="Youngstown Radio Reading Service">
Youngstown Radio Reading Service

The Youngstown Radio Reading Service (YRRS) is a radio reading service located in Youngstown, Ohio, providing daily readings of a wide variety of topical printed materials to blind and vision-impaired people. YRRS is based at 2747 Belmont Avenue at the Goodwill Industries building in Youngstown. It is a member of Ohio Radio Reading Services, an organization of nine radio reading services throughout Ohio. A volunteer-driven operation, YRRS operates everyday from noon to 11:40 p.m.
Reception of YRRS requires a special radio receiver tuned to WYSU 88.5 FM; the receiver is provided at no cost to its vision-impaired listeners. YRRS operates with the use of WYSU's radio subcarrier.
Funding.
Monetary support for the YRRS and other radio reading services comes from the United Way, state and municipal funding, endowments, grants, corporate gifts, community service organizations, fund-raising events and listener contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="9629632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629632" title="Viktor Zubkov">
Viktor Zubkov

Viktor Alekseyevich Zubkov (; born 15 September 1941) is a Russian politician and businessman who served as the Prime Minister of Russia from September 2007 to May 2008. He was Vladimir Putin's First Deputy Prime Minister during the Presidency of Dmitry Medvedev.
Zubkov was a financial crime investigator until 12 September 2007, when he was nominated by President Vladimir Putin to replace Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov, who had resigned earlier that day. The nomination was approved in the Duma on 14 September 2007. On 7 May 2008 Zubkov's cabinet was automatically dismissed. This procedure, following an inauguration of the President of Russia is required by the Russian Constitution. After Putin became Prime Minister, Zubkov was appointed First Deputy Prime Minister.
Zubkov is also the current chairman of the board of directors of Gazprom, Russia's largest corporation and one of the largest oil and natural gas companies in the world.
Life and career.
Born in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Zubkov graduated from the Economic Department of the Leningrad Agriculture Institute in 1972.
In 1966 he was drafted to the Soviet Army for an 18-month term. From 1967 to 1985 he worked on leading positions in kolkhozes of Leningrad Oblast. In 1985 to 1991 he occupied several leading positions in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in Leningrad Oblast, in 1989 to 1991 a First Deputy Chairman of the Leningrad Oblast Executive Committee of the Party.
In January 1992 to November 1993 he was a deputy Chairman of the External Relations Committee of the Saint Petersburg Mayor Office led by Vladimir Putin.
From 3 November 1993, to 30 November 1998, Zubkov was the Chief of the Saint Petersburg Department of the State Tax Inspection and simultaneously a Deputy Chairman of the State Tax Inspection for Saint Petersburg.
In December 1998, during the term of Yevgeny Primakov's Cabinet the State Tax Inspection was reorganized into the Tax Ministry of Russia and Zubkov's deputy head position was abolished, but he was immediately reappointed Chief of the Saint Petersburg Directorate of the Tax Ministry. On 23 July 1999 Zubkov was appointed Deputy Tax Minister of Russia for the Northwestern region. In a few days he was also appointed Chief of the Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast Directorate of the Tax Ministry.
On 12 August 1999 he was registered as a contender in the Leningrad Oblast governor election, assisted by Boris Gryzlov as his election campaign manager, but lost the election to Valeriy Serdyukov on 19 September 1999, with 8.64 percent of the vote (4th place out of 16).
On 5 November 2001 he left his positions in the Tax Ministry and was appointed First Deputy Finance Minister of Russia and Chairman of the Financial Monitoring Committee of the ministry, aimed to fight money laundering.
On 16 March 2004 after the dismissal of Mikhail Kasyanov's Cabinet, the Financial Monitoring Committee was renamed to Federal Financial Monitoring Service of the Finance Ministry, but Zubkov retained his position in Mikhail Fradkov's First Cabinet and Mikhail Fradkov's Second Cabinet.
In a 2006 survey of political experts, Zubkov was ranked as Russia's 84th most influential politician.
Zubkov's daughter is married to Anatoliy Serdyukov, the former Russian Defense Minister.
Tenure as Prime Minister.
Some Kremlinologists viewed Zubkov as one more technical Prime Minister, interpreting the move as a way to renew a competition between possible successors.
Another theory suggested that Putin chose a man of unquestioning loyalty to help him control powerful factions jostling for position inside the Kremlin. Another clue to his usefulness lies in Zubkov's experience under Putin as the man leading the fight against financial crime.
Putin said that there were five people who can run for president and can be elected, including Zubkov. On 13 September Zubkov himself said he might run for President of Russia in 2008. However, in December 2007 Putin officially gave his support to Dmitry Medvedev for the 2008 presidential election, effectively dashing Zubkov's hopes for the presidency. After Medvedev took office, Zubkov succeeded him as chairman of Gazprom.

</doc>
<doc id="9629633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629633" title="Robert Svoboda">
Robert Svoboda

Robert Edwin Svoboda (born 1953) is an American author and ayurvedic doctor who gives lectures and courses around the world, related to the subjects of ayurveda, jyotish, tantra and Eastern religion. He is author of eleven books, including "Prakriti: Your Ayurvedic Constitution" (1989), and the "Aghora" trilogy (1986, 1993, 1997) about his mentor, Vimalananda, and the Aghori sect.
He also maintains a private consulting practice with clients in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia and India.
Svoboda is the first Westerner to graduate from a college of ayurveda (in 1980) and be licensed to practice ayurveda in India.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Robert Edwin Svoboda was born in 1953 in Texas, United States. He grew up in Texas near an oil camp, before moving to Oklahoma where he did his schooling.
Svoboda graduated from the University of Oklahoma in 1972 with a B.S. (major in Chemistry, minor in French). In 1973, he moved to India and stayed on for another 10 years. During this time he met his mentor Vimalananda and joined Tilak Ayurveda Mahavidyalaya, an ayuvedic college in Pune. In 1980, he graduated from Pune University with a Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS), receiving the title "Ayurvedacharya". Author and ayurvedic physician Dr. Vasant Lad was one of his teachers there.
During and after his formal ayurvedic training he was tutored in ayurveda, yoga, jyotish, tantra and allied subjects by his mentor, Vimalananda. Svoboda also served as Vimalananda's "Authorized Racing Agent" (thoroughbred horses) at the Royal Western India Turf Club in Mumbai and Pune between 1975 and 1985. He lived in India between 1973 and 1980 and again between 1982 and 1986.
Grants and awards.
Svoboda received both the National Merit Scholarship and University of Oklahoma Merit Scholarship in 1970; the U.S. Office of Education Scholarship in 1973; National Endowment for the Humanities Youthgrant in 1975; and the Marsden Foundation Grant in 1978.
Between 1975 and 1980 he won all but one of the University of Pune awards for academic excellence in ayurveda, including the Ram Narayan Sharma Gold Medal.
Svoboda was ritually initiated into the Pokot tribe of northern Kenya in June 1973 as its first white member.
Professional experience.
Since 1985, Svoboda travels the world lecturing, consulting, teaching and writing. He serves as adjunct faculty at the Ayurvedic Institute, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Dinacharya Institute, New York, New York and Bastyr University, Kenmore, Washington. Svoboda authored the new entry on ayurveda for "Encyclopædia Britannica", 2000. He sits as an advisor for the National Ayurvedic Medical Association as well as the California Association of Ayurvedic Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="9629635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629635" title="Radio Music Shop">
Radio Music Shop

Radio Music Shop was a UK radio station, based in London, that broadcast nationally on the Internet and Sky Digital, alongside the Freeview platform in England, Wales and Southern Scotland, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. It was claimed to be the world’s first "retail radio station" (i.e. a station that, rather than being funded by adverts, it is funded by album sales bought directly from the station).
History.
The station was the brainchild of Sonita Alleyne and was created by Somethin' Else Sound Directions Ltd.. It began broadcasting at 8am, 18 December 2006 with the first track being The Verve’s ‘Bitter Sweet Symphony’. Because of the sales nature of the station, the launch team was bought in drew on the success of shopping television channels and was headed by Director of Programming Marcus Railton, who had previously been responsible for Launch Managing the Sit-Up channels price-drop.tv and Speedauction TV. The station closed down on 5 October 2007.
Programming.
RMS played adult contemporary music to suit the listening habits of its demographic of 35-55 year olds. Its presenters shared anecdotes, trivia and background about the tracks they are playing. It ran no adverts or news broadcasts. The playlist consisted of tracks from a range of genres from over the last 30 years. The playlist of the station reflected the collection of albums available to them, as well as the range of artists' back catalogs.
Presenters.
The presenters were:
Regulation.
As Radio Music Shop was an advert for its own services, it was governed by the Advertising Standards Authority and OFCOM, and had to abide by the ICSTIS code of practice due to its premium rate telephone number. As it did not carry any other commercials, it was not monitored by RAJAR.

</doc>
<doc id="9629641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629641" title="Haldern Pop">
Haldern Pop

Haldern Pop is an annual German open air music festival. In 2013 it was held for the 30th time. It takes place in Rees-Haldern (North Rhine-Westphalia).
Focus.
The festival mainly features rock and pop bands. While recruiting the artists, the organizers set more value on (their) musical taste than on "mass-compatibility" or broad effect. Even though well-known artists such as Bob Geldof (1991), Heather Nova (1998) and Patti Smith (2003) have already performed at Haldern Pop, the main focus lies on indie music bands like e.g. The Kooks or Shout Out Louds.
History.
The festival has its roots in an annual party, which was organized by some local altar servers. During the first years, music was played from records only, and because of the visitor counts it came to the decision to feature live bands. In order to fund this, "share holders" should support the festival with 500 Deutsche Mark each and their willingness to contribute in organizing. At large, 54 "share holders" from now on set up this festival with a lot of dedication and improvisation talent. So the festival could take place on June 23, 1984 for the first time. The "share holders" tried to keep the costs as low as possible. 
In 1987, Extrabreit, The Affair, The Trash and Midnite Fun played. Tbands Element Of Crime and Plan B could be engaged in 1988. Those were still relatively unknown at that time, so they were satisfied with out-of-pocket expenses. Since then, a party with recorded music is held every eve of the festival.
In 1991 Bob Geldof performed in Haldern. Besides Geldof, The Jeremy Days, The Blue Aeroplanes, Plan B and Tuff Babies played in front of 5000 guests. Another peak was hit in the following year (1992) with the Spanish band Heroes del Silencio.
Some other highlights of Haldern Pop were so far: Belle & Sebastian, dEUS, Phoenix, Guano Apes, Tocotronic, Blumfeld, Muse, Sportfreunde Stiller, Reamonn, Starsailor, Travis, Franz Ferdinand, Mando Diao, The Cardigans, Mogwai, Kante, Kaiser Chiefs, Kaizers Orchestra, Adam Green, Kelis, Paolo Nutini, Efterklang, Sophie Hunger, Glen Hansard and The Kooks.
The organizers want to remain true to their concept of "the small, cozy festival in the Lower Rhine area". The venue (an old horse range) should be kept, which limits the number of visitors to about 5000 people.
Record label.
In 1999, the idea came up to release a sampler with music by the bands of the year. This led to the founding of the record label "Haldern Pop Recordings", which as yet released works of e.g. Das Pop and Zita Swoon.

</doc>
<doc id="9629643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629643" title="Peer Pressure (song)">
Peer Pressure (song)

"Peer Pressure" is the first single from Mobb Deep's debut album "Juvenile Hell". It was released under the 4th & Broadway label. The b-side features the song "Flavor For The Non-Believers". On Prodigy's first verse, he stated that he "dreamed of being an architect" before taking up hip hop.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="9629684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629684" title="Historias de la Conquista del Mayab">
Historias de la Conquista del Mayab

Historias de la Conquista del Mayab ("Histories of the Conquest of the Mayab") is a Mexican manuscript ostensibly written in 1725 by an otherwise unknown friar, Joseph de San Buena Ventura, who compiled it from various older sources. The manuscript is now regarded as a forgery created in the 1950s or 1960s, with information derived from a Spanish translation of Sylvanus G. Morley's 1947 book "The Ancient Maya". It is written on modern paper, which cannot date from earlier than the 19th century.
"Historias de la Conquista del Mayab" appears to have been produced by the same forger as "Las Memorias de Guerrero", the "Historia de la pazificacion de las tierras de los indios itzaes y las ganzias de el tayasal y de todos los pueblos de la alaguna en el año 1697", and the Canek Manuscript, with which it bears a number of similarities.
The manuscript was acquired by the Archivo de Historia de México Condumex in Mexico City shortly after 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="9629689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629689" title="Lorscheid">
Lorscheid

Lorscheid is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9629697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629697" title="Riol">
Riol

Riol is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, near Trier.

</doc>
<doc id="9629714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629714" title="Adenine nucleotide translocator">
Adenine nucleotide translocator

Adenine nucleotide translocator (ANT), also known as the ADP/ATP translocator, exports ATP from the mitochondrial matrix and imports ADP into the matrix. ANT is the most plentiful protein in the inner mitochondrial membrane.
Function.
ANT has long been thought to function asymmetrically as a homodimer of subunits in the inner mitochondrial membrane. The dimer was thought to be a gated pore through which ADP and ATP were exchanged between the mitochondrial matrix and the cytoplasm. The dimer hypothesis was first challenged when the three-dimensional structure of ANT was discovered to be a monomer. Further work has shown that ANT functions a monomer in detergents and in mitochondrial membranes.
ANT is an important structural component of the mitochondrial permeability transition pore which can open and lead to cell death through apoptosis or necrosis.
Types.
In humans, there exist three paraologous ANT isoforms:

</doc>
<doc id="9629717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629717" title="Marvin's Maze">
Marvin's Maze

"Marvin's Maze" is an arcade game released by SNK in 1983.
Plot.
Marvin's Maze is a maze game where the player fight against Robonoids while trying to clear the maze of dots. There are two ways to finish each rack: eating up all the dots, or destroying a certain number of Robonoids (listed at the bottom of the screen). Two ways to destroy the Robonoids: shoot them, or remove the ground from under them at certain points of the maze (the 'Trick').

</doc>
<doc id="9629727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629727" title="Anambé language">
Anambé language

Anambé, or more specifically Anambe of Cairari, is a possibly extinct Tupi language spoken in Pará, on the Cairari River in Brazil. It is being supplanted by Portuguese and is considered an endangered language.

</doc>
<doc id="9629738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629738" title="Upsilon Phi Sigma">
Upsilon Phi Sigma

Upsilon Phi Sigma (ΥΦΣ, commonly known as UPS) is a National Inter-University and Collegiate Fraternity and Sorority with 164 active chapters. Founded at the University of the Philippines Los Baños on February 14, 1935, it is one of the oldest fraternities and sororities in the Philippines.
The organization practices many traditions. The most important of these traditions is the giving of 100 red roses every Valentine's Day during the Founding Anniversary. This is guided by the Latin motto, "Unitas, Pax, Et Salus!" ("Unity, Peace, and Prosperity for All!"). The organization's official symbol is the shield, signifying the strong establishment of the organization in the early 1900s. Due to the active expansion efforts of the members, Upsilon Phi Sigma continues to offer humanitarian services to the schools and communities of the Philippines.
History.
Upsilon Phi Sigma Honour and Excellence Service Fraternity was originally organized by seven students from different colleges of the University of the Philippines on February 14, 1935 (Valentine's Day) purposefully, to emphasize its concepts of love and peace. This foundation day is a very important day in the lives of many Upsilonians. Since then, it has been celebrated annually with many activities, as well as renewals of fraternal vows of commitment and dedication to the UPS ideals.
On May 14, 1935, the Seven Founders and other original members wrote a comprehensive Constitution and By-Laws document encompassing the fraternal principles, concepts of love and peace, and doctrines of self- and organizational disciplines, under the motto of "Honour, Service, and Excellence" in all its activities. Since then, the Fraternity has also promoted its adherence and respect to the ideals and authorities of the Republic.
Many students from various schools in Metro Manila clamored to be admitted to the newly organized Upsilon Phi Sigma, which had decided by that time to include women in its roster of membership to constitute the Sorority. From that time on, the Upsilon Phi Sigma Fraternity and Sorority has expanded its membership and leadership with hundreds of chapters organized not only in Metro Manila but in areas of Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. At present, it also has chapters and alumni groups in other countries like Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, Germany, Taiwan, and Saudi Arabia; and community chapters in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia and other parts of Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9629771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629771" title="Oberlin University">
Oberlin University

Reconnaissance Japan Program.
English-speaking foreign students may study for a semester or year at Oberlin through the university's Reconnaissance Japan (RJ) program, which is run by Obirin's "J.F. Oberlin Center for International Studies". In the RJ program, students take a Japanese language course (which can be tested out of) as well as English-language courses in Japanese culture. During their study at Oberlin, students may stay with a Japanese host family, live in a university-provided apartment such as New Shimura Heights, or International House (known by students as Pink House), or find their own housing.
Oberlin has a number of international partner academic institutions from which students are welcomed to study in the RJ program.
Junior college.
The junior college of Oberlin University was founded in 1950 and became coeducational in 1999. It was closed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9629793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629793" title="Axxess &amp; Ace">
Axxess &amp; Ace

Axxess & Ace is the third regular album by . It was recorded by Michael Krassner at Truckstop Studios in Chicago, Illinois, USA, and released by Secretly Canadian on March 15, 1999.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jason Molina.

</doc>
<doc id="9629795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629795" title="Amélie-Julie Candeille">
Amélie-Julie Candeille

Amélie-Julie Candeille (night of 31 July 1767, parish of Saint-Sulpice, Paris – 4 February 1834, Paris) was a French composer, librettist, writer, singer, actress, comedienne, and instrumentalist.
Life.
Early life.
Julie Candeille described herself in her "Mémoires" as having "bright blonde hair, brown eyes, white, fine and clear skin, a soft and laughing air". According to her colleague the actress Louise Fusil, Candeille was pretty, with "a well-taken size, a noble gait, [and traits and whiteness as held by creole women". Her ancestry had no real Creole elements, however, and was actually Flemish. She owed her appearance, many talents and natural seductiveness to her own ambition.
Candeille, like many women musicians of her time, came from a musical family. Her father Pierre-Joseph Candeille (1744–1827) was a composer, actor and low-bass opera-singer in the chorus, though he ended up exiled in Moulins where he became a theatre director. Her father was her primary teacher, and some have speculated that his deeply invested interest in his daughter's education was an effort to bolster his career. Candeille developed her natural talents for song and harpsichord and performed extensively while still a child in chamber orchestras. Aged 7 she played in a concert before the French king and she was said to have played a concert alongside the teenage Mozart. By the age of 13 she had performed in public as a singer, pianist and harpist. Aged 14, she was initiated into the "La Candeur" masonic lodge, in which she met several playwrights such as Olympe de Gouges and other influential figures who favoured her artistic career in Parisian society and the intrigues of the dying ancien régime. In her "Mémoires", she records how she benefitted from protection by powerful figures such as the marquis de Louvois (an anti-establishment aristocrat and intimate friend of the chevalier de Champcenetz who was, like him, sent to the fort de Ham for misconduct), the music-loving duchesse de Villeroy (who led a mainly female salon whose influence also extended into the theatre), and the baron de Breteuil (minister of the king's household and possibly a lover of Candeille).
Through the influence of her protectors, at the age of 15 she debuted at the Académie royale de Musique on 27 December 1782 in the title role of Gluck's "Iphigénie en Aulide", in which she had only moderate success. At 16 Candeille made her fortepiano debut at the Concert Spirituel, where she performed a concerto by Clementi-–by this time she was also already composing sonatas, romances and airs for the harpsichord and piano, some of which have recently been rediscovered. Aged 17 she debuted a concerto that she composed. A reporter from the "Mercure de France" said:
In order to support her family, Candeille returned to the stage. She did not have a voice which could challenge Mme Saint-Huberty in the opera (Saint-Huberty had succeeded Mlle Levasseur and Mlle Laguerre), so she returned to the Comédie-Française on Monday 19 September 1785 as Hermione in Racine's "Andromaque", receiving mixed reviews. During this time Molé was the protector of both Candeille and her friend Olympe de Gouge. Her strong personality and original ideas did not gain her friends and she was always held in low esteem by her colleagues in the Comédie française such as Molé, Dazincourt, Fleury or Mlle Louise Contat, who regarded her just as one of the Versailles courtesans. Candeille joined Talma and those among his actors who welcomed the French Revolution in 1789.
Playwright.
In 1789, she took the rôle of the young slave Mirza in "L’heureux naufrage", a three-act play by Olympe de Gouges denouncing the living conditions of slaves in the French colonies. This play formed the pretext for a clash between the representatives of France's powerful colonial slave-owning lobby and the "Amis des Noirs", a club co-founded by Brissot, Condorcet and abbé Grégoire. After receiving mixed reviews on her performances for the Comédie-Française she left the company in 1789 and traveled in the northern provinces. Candeille composed her first pieces of dramatic music during her travels.
On her return to Paris, Julie Candeille was a star of the salons formed by the "Amis des Noirs", and she is also known to have gone to the salons held by Mme de Lameth (also attended by Robespierre) and by Mme de Villette, Helvétius or Condorcet. It was during this era (1791) that Adélaïde Labille-Guiard, who shared Candeille's ideas, painted her portrait. The plays in which she advertised at the start of the Revolution had considerable success, such as those at the new Théâtre des Variétés Amusantes on rue de Richelieu and at the Théâtre de la République. The Revolution truly relaunched her career and she made several friends in advanced political circles. It is claimed that it was for her that Fabre d'Églantine wrote his romance "Je t’aime tant", set to music by Garat. In 1790 she returned to the stage, joining the Théâtre de la République.
In 1792, she participated in a festival held by Talma and his company at their home on the rue Chantereine in honour of general Dumouriez, victor of the battle of Valmy, at which Marat (at the head of a group of "énergumènes") loudly announced himself. Most of the guests (such as Antoine-Vincent Arnault or Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud) were denounced the following day in "l'Ami du peuple". It is said that Julie Candeille was then the lover of Vergniaud, who had become a brilliant orator for the Girondins. Later in 1792 she debuted her most famous opera, the 3-act prose comedy "Catherine, ou La belle fermière", at the Théâtre-Français. Candeille wrote the words and music for the opera and performed in the title role. First put on during the trial of Louis XVI, it was performed over 150 times in the next 35 years and received some international acclaim, prompting numerous editions of arrangements of the airs with harp or piano accompaniment. However, the opera was a success she was never able to duplicate – none of the scores for her other comedic operas survive.
Michaud, author of a famous biographical dictionary of his contemporaries, inferred under the restoration that Candeille had played the Goddess of Reason in Republican festivities., though she provided evidence to deny this. However, the Goncourt brothers (not given to historical inaccuracies) support Michaud's charge. Compromised by her Girondin sympathies and too close to Vergniaud and other Girondins, in 1793 Julie Candeille was troubled by the authorities despite her popularity. She was the object of a denunciation and a search was ordered of her residence at rue Neuve des Mathurins, but thanks to the Montagnard deputy Julien de Toulouse (a member of the Committee of General Security) she managed to avoid being labelled a suspect and thus arrested.
"Citoyenne Simons".
Once the Reign of Terror was over, on a whim she married the young doctor known as citizen Laroche, though she never took his name. The Directoire period saw her confirm her popularity as an actress and a playwright. Jacques-Antoine-Marie Lemoine's portrait of her was exhibited at the Paris Salon in year three, and at the Salon the following year a charming miniature by Mme Doucet de Suriny showing Candeille in a striped dress and red belt writing a new play was also exhibited. The play she was shown writing was her second opera, a slightly scandalous five-act verse comedy entitled "La Bayadère ou le Français à Surate". This was written so as to give her the title role and was put on in January 1795, but was not as successful as she had hoped. Some critics had suggested that her success with "Catherine" had been a result of her father assisting in composition, and after a critical article in the "Journal de Paris" suggesting the same of "La bayadère" just after its debut, Candeille published a passionate response:
In 1797, the actress Élise Lange, old protégée and friend of Julie Candeille, married the businessman Michel Simons, himself the son of a Belgian coach-builder whom Mlle Candeille had met in Brussels in August 1796, having gone to the Belgian capital to put on her opera "Catherine ou la belle fermière". Michel's father Jean Simons was not unfeeling to Candeille's charms and married her in Brussels on 11 February 1798 – she divorced Laroche and broke a theatre engagement to marry him, thus ending her theatrical career. The new Madame Simons from then on lived in luxury in Brussels and Paris. Like many parvenus of that era, the couple wanted a "petite maison", which they had built at great expense to designs by Bellanger at pointe Bellevue, on the former Mesdames estate. It is said that she wanted to join her husband in his business activities and that she won him the commission to build Napoleon's carriage for his coronation via her friend Josephine (whom she had got to know in the salons) In 1803, Candeille and her former friend Mme Lejay, who had become comtesse de Pontécoulant, were in charge of Brussels' welcome for Napoleon and his wife.
When war resumed at the start of the First Empire, Jean Simons' business affairs declined and his wife retired to their Parisian hôtel particulier at 3 rue Cérutti, giving piano recitals at aristocratic soirées in the French capital. She also became the beneficiary of a pension bestowed on her by the new empress Marie-Louise. Throughout her life Julie Candeille welcomed, supported and encouraged young people and other women musicians, dedicating many of her works to Hélène de Montgeroult and Pauline Duchambge. Her protégés also included the young painter Girodet, with whom she had a wholly platonic liaison mainly conducted by letter. The adoptive son of doctor Trioson, Girodet became famous in 1793 for his "Endymion", which put forward a newly aestheticised depiction of male anatomy. An undated drawing by Girodet shows him and Candeille in double profile – she is hardly recognisable, having seemingly sacrificed her long blonde hair for an "à la garçonne" haircut before that phrase existed. She addressed passionate letters to him, more playing the role of an accomplice and friend than that of a transitory lover, since she was so much older than him. She signed herself "your dear old Galatea" ("Votre vieille Galathée") and offered him the chance to be her amorous intermediary, knowing as she did from Girodet's homo-erotic drawings that his tastes were for other men.
Works.
Literature.
Candeille was often criticized for her vanity, and her stage works received many unfavorable reviews in the Parisian papers. Candeille composed a total of 8 works for stage, only one of which ("Catherine, ou La Belle fermière") is extant. 
Music.
Contemporary discussions of her music highlight the supremacy of melody and use of simple harmonies used throughout her works. She composed in the style of Grétry, whom she greatly admired. Her works for keyboard, which she composed for her personal performances, are virtuosic – her surviving musical works include a concerto for keyboard, three keyboard sonatas (some with violin accompaniment), and a duo for piano. Many other works are lost, including additional keyboard sonatas, duos, fantasias and variations. Modern editions of the concerto for keyboard, three arias and the overture from "Catherine" are available through Hildegard Publishing. [http://www.hildegard.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="9629827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629827" title="Battle of Locus Castorum">
Battle of Locus Castorum

The Battle of Locus Castrorum took place during the Year of the Four Emperors between the armies of the rival Roman emperors Otho and Vitellius. Locus Castorum was a village that existed in the 1st century Roman Empire roughly 15 kilometers from Cremona. It was also referred to as "the Castors" and "at Castor's." The village may have been the location of a temple to the Gemini twins, Castor and Pollux.
The forces of Otho met the forces of Vitellius there. It was one of three early victories for Otho (the first being in the Alps and the second being near Placentia), but Vitellius was eventually the victor at Betriacum.
Locus Castorum is mentioned in Suetonius "The Lives of Twelve Caesars" Life of Otho, 9 and Tacitus "Histories" II.24

</doc>
<doc id="9629828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629828" title="Lightweight Access Point Protocol">
Lightweight Access Point Protocol

Lightweight Access Point Protocol or LWAPP is the name of a protocol that can control multiple Wi-Fi wireless access points at once. This can reduce the amount of time spent on configuring, monitoring or troubleshooting a large network. The system will also allow network administrators to closely analyze the network. 
This system is installed in a central server that gathers data from RF devices from different brands and settings. The server can command a selected group of devices to apply given settings simultaneously.
Standardization.
LWAPP was proposed by Airespace, as a standard protocol to provide interoperability among any brand of access point. Airespace was purchased by Cisco Systems. Its purpose was to standardize "lightweight" access points with the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), but it was approved as a standard. Sponsored by Cisco Systems, it has been submitted to IETF in RFC 5412.
Although this protocol has so far not been popular beyond the Airespace/Cisco product lines, the CAPWAP standard is based on LWAPP. Support for LWAPP is also found in analysis products from AirMagnet, who has recently implemented a software based on this protocol to analyze Cisco wireless products.
Still considered proprietary, LWAPP systems compete with other non-standard lightweight wireless mechanisms from companies like Meru Networks and Aruba Networks.
LWAPP Layer 2.
On Layer 2, LWAPP only requires a data link connection in order to transfer frames and Layer 2 broadcasts. Even if IP connectivity is not established it will still operate at layer 2.
LWAPP Layer 3 and 4.
Layer 4 UDP 12222 (data channel) and 12223 (control channel) connectivity must be established to work with this form of the protocol. Broadcasts or DHCP option 43 can be used to prime the access-points of the network. The controller must be on the same subnet if DHCP is not configured to handle layer 3 LWAPP provisioning. Another option for directing an AP to the controller is by defining the controller on the DNS server of the network.

</doc>
<doc id="9629829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629829" title="Naval co-operation and guidance for shipping">
Naval co-operation and guidance for shipping

Naval Co-operation and Guidance for Shipping (NCAGS) is a naval doctrinal term. Naval personnel are trained to carry out NCAGS establish and provide advice for safe passage of merchant ships worldwide, during times of peace, tension, crisis and war. NCAGS personnel act as a liaison between military commanders and the civil authorities. During war, the NCAGS organization may be responsible for establishing a convoy. NCAGS is used by many NATO countries during exercises such as "Bell Buoy." NCAGS has been an important part of the naval reserves.
Previously the doctrinal term used was 'Naval Control of Shipping.'
NCAGS exercises such as Exercise Lucky Mariner test NCAGS skills.
NCAGS can sometimes be confused with AWNIS which is a completely different set of skills in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="9629843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629843" title="Tom Rinaldi">
Tom Rinaldi

Tom Rinaldi is a reporter for ESPN and ESPN on ABC based in New York. He has contributed to "SportsCenter", "Outside the Lines", "College GameDay", "Sunday NFL Countdown", and is also a fill in host on "ESPN First Take" (formerly "Cold Pizza"). He also did features for the horse racing telecasts.
Rinaldi joined ESPN in May 2003 following a four-year stint as a reporter for CNN/SI from 1998-2002. He has also worked as a reporter for KATU-TV in Portland, Oregon from 1996 to 1998 and for WNDU-TV in South Bend, Indiana from 1993 to 1996. Prior to his career in journalism, Rinaldi was a high school English and English as a Second Language teacher in addition to being a handball coach at Morris High School in the Bronx, New York.
Rinaldi has won three Regional Emmy Awards, three Associated Press Awards and a USA Today Feature-of-the-Year Award. He earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania before going on to receive his graduate degree at Columbia University. 
Rinaldi is a native of Brooklyn, N.Y. Rinaldi conducted the first interview of Tiger Woods after the incident on November 27, 2009 which led to Woods' public disclosure of his extra-marital affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="9629851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629851" title="Gala Television">
Gala Television

Gala Television Corporation () is a nationwide cable TV network in Taiwan that is operated by the Gala Television Corporation, established on June 13, 1997.
GTV Channels.
GTV currently operates four commercial cable and satellite television channels:

</doc>
<doc id="9629854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629854" title="Gelai Volcano">
Gelai Volcano

The Gelai Volcano stands at 9,652ft (2,942m) tall and is located in Tanzania in the Crater Highlands region. It is at the southeastern edge of Lake Natron in the East African Link. The volcano falls within a game-controlled area that extends east to Longido, where hunting is permitted. This has caused a drop in the numbers of animals in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9629859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629859" title="Allen Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Allen Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Allen Township is one of thirty-seven townships in La Salle County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 584 and it contained 259 housing units. Allen Township was formed from Bruce Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Allen and Saint Patrick's Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="9629879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629879" title="Apiaká language">
Apiaká language

Apiacá is a Tupi language of the Apiacá people of the upper Rio Tapajos area of Mato Grosso, Brazil. It is being supplanted by Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="9629881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629881" title="Old Angel Midnight">
Old Angel Midnight

Old Angel Midnight is a long narrative poem by American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac. It was culled from five notebooks spanning from 1956 to 1959, while Kerouac was fully absorbed by his studies of Buddhism and Buddhist philosophy. Kerouac initially experimented with Old Angel Midnight (then called "Lucien Midnight") in 1953 in his diary titled "1953. Notes again." In entries dated from November 20 to December 3, 1953, he made notes on "Lucien Midnight" which was to be originally conceptualized in what he called "book movie" form, when he closed his eyes and projected onto paper a cinematic sense of what he heard. A bookmovie, he explained in Some of the Dharma, is a "prose concentration camera-eye visions of a definite movie of the mind with fade-ins, pans, close-ups, and fade-outs." Kerouac's notes on Lucien Midnight were written while staying in the Lower East Side where he initially heard sounds coming through a tenement window from the wash court below. He then heard voices coming from kitchens of the other occupants in nearby apartment buildings and a man named Paddy arriving home drunk, and even a junky stirring in his bed. Kerouac conceptualized an idea of developing a work based on James Joyce’s experimental novel "Finnegans Wake" (not "Ulysses" as indicated by Ann Charters in her introduction to "Old Angel Midnight" for Grey Fox Press) where the “sounds of the universe” became the chief “plot” with all of its associated “neologisms, mental associations, puns and wordmixes” that stewed a plethora of languages and “nonlanguages.” Kerouac determinedly “scribbled out in a strictly intuitional discipline at breakneck speed” the fledgling prose that would finally comprise the finished book for City Lights's Pocket Poet series eight years later. Kerouac's one dogma was to compose Lucien Midnight strictly in pencil by candlelight. Lucien Midnight differs from his sketching method of writing because it is based upon an aural experience, and not visual. The bookmovie approach was abandoned in 1953 in favor of a different approach he had stylistically achieved by 1956.
In other notes from the time, Kerouac described Lucien Midnight as a "monolog of the world."
On March 1, 1957, while staying with William S. Burroughs in Tangiers, Kerouac worked on Lucien Midnight. Kerouac said of the poem: 
Kerouac began the first notebook on April 1, 1956. By now his spontaneous prose method had become second nature to him. Kerouac was staying with Gary Snyder in his Mill Valley cabin. Writing John Clellon Holmes on May 21, 1956, Kerouac explained his intentions: “I don’t know what to write anymore, I’ve been doodling with an endless automatic writing piece which raves on and on with no direction and no story and surely that wont do tho I’ll finish it anyway while doing other things.”
To Kerouac, Old Angel Midnight was the only “form in which I am allowed to say anything I want because not only I’ve got to approximate the speed and content of mindflow naked word-babble,” but that it could give him to “swim” with absolute freedom, “dedicatedly crazed in the sea of that language.” Within the scope of that work, Kerouac envisioned the voices he heard discussing the “long weekend from Friday afternoon as it moves into Sunday night.” When he prepared drafts for eventual publication, Lucien Carr objected to the use of his first name, telling Kerouac that it was “pejorative.” It should have been, Kerouac explained to Ginsberg in a letter on August 28, 1958, “majorative,” referring to Lucien Midnight's intended all-encompassing universal sweep of humanity and its surrounding cosmos.
In December 1958, Kerouac stayed up through the night skimming through the pages of the Holy Bible and an English dictionary looking for a replacement title. When he heard Charles Van Doren, on a morning talk show (the son of Mark Van Doren and notoriously involved in a television quiz show scandal that decade) refer to a phrase from Mark Twain’s journal, Kerouac had his answer. Twain writes, "I never felt so happy in my life, sir — never since I was born, sir. Loved that hoary, venerable old angel as if he was my father, sir.” Lucien Midnight then became Old Angel Midnight.
Kerouac dedicated the poem to Lucien Carr, a friend of Kerouac who was a key member of the early Beat Generation, and whose manner of speech was the initial inspiration for "Old Angel Midnight".

</doc>
<doc id="9629897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629897" title="Vail Lake">
Vail Lake

Vail Lake is a large reservoir in western Riverside County, southern California. 
Geography.
It is located on Temecula Creek, at the base of the Black Hills, in the Santa Margarita River watershed. It is approximately east of Temecula.
Vail Lake covers approximately 1,100 acres (4.5 km²) and has a storage capacity of , although it currently contains about of water.
Vail Lake is supplied by storm water runoff from Kolb, Temecula, and Wilson Creeks. Surface water stored in the lake is used to help replenish local ground water supplies through recharge operations.
Land near Vail Lake is the only known native habitat of the endemic and endangered flowering shrub "Ceanothus ophiochilus", which was named the Vail Lake ceanothus when it was discovered in 1989.
History.
It was created in 1948 when the owners of the Vail Ranch constructed the high Vail Lake Dam, which has been owned and operated by the Rancho California Water District since 1978. 
The property surrounding Vail Lake is privately owned, and recreational access to the lake is privately controlled. The Butterfield Country Recreation Park was established in 1968 to provide public access to the lake and its marina, but the park was closed by its owners in 1989. In 1995, a members-only resort facility was opened at the location of the former park; and in 2000, the area was re-opened to the public on an annual-fee basis. Recreational activities at Vail Lake include fishing, boating, RV and tent camping, horseback riding, mountain biking, miniature golf and swimming. 

</doc>
<doc id="9629900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629900" title="Brookfield Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Brookfield Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Brookfield Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,060 and it contained 433 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 93.05%) is land and (or 6.95%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9629917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629917" title="Building-integrated photovoltaics">
Building-integrated photovoltaics

Building-integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) are photovoltaic materials that are used to replace conventional building materials in parts of the building envelope such as the roof, skylights, or facades. They are increasingly being incorporated into the construction of new buildings as a principal or ancillary source of electrical power, although existing buildings may be retrofitted with similar technology. The advantage of integrated photovoltaics over more common non-integrated systems is that the initial cost can be offset by reducing the amount spent on building materials and labor that would normally be used to construct the part of the building that the BIPV modules replace. These advantages make BIPV one of the fastest growing segments of the photovoltaic industry.
The term building-applied photovoltaics (BAPV) is sometimes used to refer to photovoltaics that are a retrofit - integrated into the building after construction is complete. Most building-integrated installations are actually BAPV. Some manufacturers and builders differentiate new construction BIPV from BAPV.
History.
PV applications for buildings began appearing in the 1970s. Aluminum-framed photovoltaic modules were connected to, or mounted on, buildings that were usually in remote areas without access to an electric power grid. In the 1980s photovoltaic module add-ons to roofs began being demonstrated. These PV systems were usually installed on utility-grid-connected buildings in areas with centralized power stations. In the 1990s BIPV construction products specially designed to be integrated into a building envelope became commercially available. A 1998 doctoral thesis by Patrina Eiffert, entitled "An Economic Assessment of BIPV", hypothesized that one day there would an economic value for trading Renewable Energy Credits (RECs). A 2011 economic assessment and brief overview of the history of BIPV by the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory suggests that there may be significant technical challenges to overcome before the installed cost of BIPV is competitive with photovoltaic panels.
Forms.
Building-Integrated Photovoltaic modules are available in several forms.
Transparent and translucent photovoltaics.
Transparent solar panels use a tin oxide coating on the inner surface of the glass panes to conduct current out of the cell. The cell contains titanium oxide that is coated with
a photoelectric dye.
Most conventional solar cells use visible and infrared light to generate electricity. In contrast, the innovative new solar cell also uses ultraviolet radiation. Used to replace conventional window glass, or placed over the glass, the installation surface area could be large, leading to potential uses that take advantage of the combined functions of power generation, lighting and temperature control.
Another name for transparent photovoltaics is “translucent photovoltaics” (they transmit half the light that falls on them). Similar to inorganic photovoltaics, organic photovoltaics are also capable of being translucent.
Government subsidies.
In some countries, additional incentives, or subsidies, are offered for building-integrated photovoltaics in addition to the existing feed-in tariffs for stand-alone solar systems. Since July 2006 France offered the highest incentive for BIPV, equal to an extra premium of EUR 0.25/kWh paid in addition to the 30 Euro cents for PV systems. These incentives are offered in the form of a rate paid for electricity fed to the grid.
China.
Further to the announcement of a subsidy program for BIPV projects in March 2009 offering RMB20/watt for BIPV systems and RMB15/watt for rooftop systems, the Chinese government recently unveiled a photovoltaic energy subsidy program “the Golden Sun Demonstration Project”. The subsidy program aims at supporting the development of photovoltaic electricity generation ventures and the commercialization of PV technology. The Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the National Energy Bureau have jointly announced the details of the program in July 2009. Qualified on-grid photovoltaic electricity generation projects including rooftop, BIPV, and ground mounted systems are entitled to receive a subsidy equal to 50% of the total investment of each project, including associated transmission infrastructure. Qualified off-grid independent projects in remote areas will be eligible for subsidies of up to 70% of the total investment. In mid November, China’s finance ministry has selected 294 projects totaling 642 megawatts that come to roughly RMB 20 billion ($3 billion) in costs for its subsidy plan to dramatically boost the country’s solar energy production.

</doc>
<doc id="9629921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629921" title="Philip Morris USA v. Williams">
Philip Morris USA v. Williams

Philip Morris USA v. Williams, , was a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States, which held that the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment limits punitive damages, and ordered a lower court to reconsider its damages awards on that basis.
Trial court decision.
Mayola Williams, the widow of Jesse D. Williams, who died of smoking-related lung cancer in 1997, sued Philip Morris USA, a cigarette manufacturer, for fraud based on Philip Morris advertisements and sponsored studies that made cigarettes seem less dangerous than they actually were. At trial in 1999, the jury found for Williams and awarded her $821,485.50 in compensatory damages and $79.5 million in punitive damages. At that time, the verdict was the largest against a tobacco company. The trial court found that the compensatory damages exceeded the state cap and the punitive damages were "grossly excessive". It reduced the respective amounts to $521,485.50 and $32 million.
Appeals.
On appeal, the Oregon Court of Appeals reversed and reinstated the $79.5 million judgment. Following the "guideposts" established in "BMW of North America, Inc. v. Gore", the Court of Appeals examined whether the punitive damages were appropriate based on (1) the degree of reprehensibility of the conduct, (2) the disparity between the actual harm and the punitive damages, and (3) the difference between the punitive damages and civil penalties allowed in similar cases. While determining the reprehensibility of Philip Morris's actions, the court considered the length of the misinformation campaign and the number of people it had reached, concluding that its actions were so reprehensible that they justified punitive damages 97 times greater than the actual damages. The Oregon Supreme Court denied review.
The Supreme Court of the United States then granted "certiorari", and in the 2007 decision vacated the Court of Appeals' judgment, remanding the case to the Oregon Court of Appeals for that court to reconsider the amount of the punitive damages award in light of "State Farm v. Campbell".
Later decisions.
The Court of Appeals again reinstated the $79.5 million judgment. On appeal, the Oregon Supreme Court affirmed, also holding that the courts can consider evidence of similar conduct to other people in Oregon–even those not party to the lawsuit–when awarding punitive damages. Philip Morris then appealed again to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2008, arguing that the Oregon Supreme Court ignored the guidance the U.S. Supreme Court had given as to punitive damages. In March 2009, the U.S. Supreme Court in essence affirmed the lower court decision when it withdrew their writ of "certiorari".
Philip Morris then paid Williams $61 million, as under Oregon law the state collects 60% of all punitive awards and places those funds into a compensation fund for crime victims. After Philip Morris paid Williams, it then fought the state over paying the remaining amount in punitive damages to the state, claiming that the tobacco settlement signed by Oregon in 1998 prevented Oregon from collecting. The Oregon Supreme Court again disagreed with Philip Morris in December 2011 and ruled Philip Morris had to pay the remaining punitive damages, which after interest then totaled $99 million.

</doc>
<doc id="9629927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629927" title="John Holt (footballer)">
John Holt (footballer)

John Holt (born November 21, 1956 in Dundee) is a Scottish footballer who played as a full-back, most prominently for Dundee United.
Career.
Dundee-born Holt played his part in all of Dundee United's successes in the 1980s, breaking into the first team in 1974 along with the likes of David Narey and Andy Gray, and made regular appearances in midfield or defence for the club until 1987, when he left for Dunfermline. A playing spell at Dundee followed, before player/manager spells with Forfar Athletic, Deveronvale and Montrose. Holt returned to United and Tannadice in the mid-1990s and spent several years in many coaching roles, before leaving in 2003 when Ian McCall was appointed Dundee United manager. He went on to become a scout for Celtic, operating in the Dundee area, before joining Dundee as youth development coach. Referred to by some fans as "Yosser" Holt, after hard man Yosser Hughes from the BBC's "Boys from the Black Stuff" mini series (1982), opponents feared Holt as he prowled around in midfield or gave opposition wingers a torrid time as a full back. But he was also a player blessed with tremendous ability; he was the man of the match at the Nou Camp in the UEFA Cup quarter final in 1987, shortly before his departure from Tannadice, as Dundee United beat Barcelona 2-1 on the night and 3-1 on aggregate to attain a 100% competitive record against the Catalan giants.
On May 10, 2012, John Holt moved on to take an academy role at Dundee United.

</doc>
<doc id="9629934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629934" title="Wind (Miami)">
Wind (Miami)

Wind Tower is a skyscraper in Downtown Miami, Florida, United States. It was completed in early 2008. It is located adjacent to the River Front East complex, on the north bank of the Miami River in Downtown. The building is located on Southwest 3rd Street and Miami Avenue. It is 501 ft (153 m) tall and has 41 floors. Floors 1-8 are used for parking, while floor 10 houses the building's recreation center, consisting of a pool area, racquetball court and fitness facility. The residential lobby is on the first floor. Floors 11-41 are used for residential units. The architect is Revuelta Vega Leon, who also designed the River Front East complex. 
See also.
</gallery>

</doc>
<doc id="9629936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629936" title="Tadeusz Kościuszko University of Technology">
Tadeusz Kościuszko University of Technology

Tadeusz Kościuszko University of Technology () is a public university located in central Kraków, Poland, established in 1946 and, as an institution of higher learning granted full autonomy in 1954.
Over 37,000 students graduated from the Polytechnic to this day with degrees. Doctorate degrees were granted to 1200 persons and Habilitated degrees - to additional 300. The number of students admitted each year reaches 4500.
Ranking.
In a survey conducted by the Polish edition of Newsweek in 2008, Kraków University of Technlogy was selected as the best technical university in Poland and the best among all Polish universities.

</doc>
<doc id="9629951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629951" title="Bruce Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Bruce Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Bruce Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 13,185 and it contained 6,057 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9629953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629953" title="Malaga, Ohio">
Malaga, Ohio

Malaga is an unincorporated community in northern Malaga Township, Monroe County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43757. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 145 and 800.
In 1833, Malaga contained one church, one store, two taverns, and twelve dwelling houses.

</doc>
<doc id="9629957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629957" title="Daedala">
Daedala

In Ancient Greece, the Daedala (Greek: "δαίδαλα") was a festival of reconciliation that was held every few years in honor of Hera, consort of the supreme god Zeus at Plataea, in Boeotia, being one of the major cults of the city.
According to Pausanias, there was a "lesser Daedala" ("Δαίδαλα μικρά"), celebrated every four years or so exclusively by the Plataeans, and a "greater Daedala" ("Δαίδαλα μεγάλα"), celebrated by all of Boeotians every fourteen cycles (approx. 60 years).
In the lesser Daedala, the people of Plataea went to an ancient oak grove and exposed pieces of cooked meat to ravens, attentively watching upon which tree any of the birds, after taking a piece of meat, would settle. Out of this tree they carved an image, and having it dressed as a bride, they set it on a bullock cart with a bridesmaid beside it. The image seems then to have been drawn to the bank of the river Asopus and back to the town, attended by a cheering crowd.
These adorned "xoana" were also called "daidala" ("δάιδαλα" or "δαιδάλεια"), with the connotation that they were "crafted" or "fashioned" (compare Daedalus, "daidalos" (δαίδαλος) meaning "cunning worker").
After fourteen of these cycles, the great Daidala was celebrated by all the people of Boeotia; and at its start one wooden figure was chosen from the many that had accumulated through the years and designated the "bride". The wooden figure was prepared as a bride for a wedding, ritually bathed in the Asopus, adorned and raised on a wagon with an attendant. This wagon led a procession of wains carrying the accumulated "daedala" up to the summit of Mount Kithairon, where a wooden sacrificial altar was erected out of square pieces of wood. This was covered with a quantity of dry wood, and the towns, persons of rank, and other wealthy individuals, offered each a heifer to Hera and a bull to Zeus with plenty of wine and incense, while at the same time all of the "daedala" were placed upon the altar. For those who did not possess sufficient means, it was customary to offer small sheep, but all these offerings were immolated in a hecatomb in the same manner as those of the wealthier persons. The fire consumed both offerings and altar.
This archaic custom was explained with an "aition" or "origin myth" about Hera and Zeus, which is related by Pausanias:
The account of the origin of the Daedala given by Pausanias agrees in the main points with the story related by Plutarch, who wrote a work on the plataean Daedala; the only difference is that Plutarch represents Zeus as receiving his advice to deceive Hera from Alalcomenes (instead of Kithairon), and that he calls Plataea, "Daedala".
Other usages.
The term "daedala" can also be taken as a noun derived from Daedalus, the famed inventor. In this sense, Lucretius speaks of "Natura daedala rerum", "Nature, the inventor of all things".

</doc>
<doc id="9629958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629958" title="Hollywood GAA">
Hollywood GAA

Hollywood GAA is a Gaelic football club in Hollywood, County Wicklow, Ireland. The club competes in Wicklow GAA competitions.
History.
Hollywood GAA club was founded shortly after the founding of the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1884, in the village of Hollywood, County Wicklow. The club was formerly known as Hollywood Shamrocks. In recent years, the club have undertaken development of the club, purchasing land at Rathattin, Hollywood, County Wicklow, and building dressing rooms, offices, and sports hall, at the yet-unnamed grounds.
Tom Dunne is considered to be the all time greatest club member having represented the county men's and women's team in the 1920s.
Achievements.
Hollywood GAA club compete in Wicklow Senior Football Championship at senior level, the principal competition for Gaelic football in Co. Wicklow. A second adult team competes at the Junior A level. Children from the club, play with St. Kevins GAA club up to the age of u-18(minor), in a joint venture with neighbours, Valleymount GAA Club.
Hollywood have competed in the Wicklow Senior Football Championship Final on few occasions. In the year 2000 and in 1976, Hollywood did in fact reach the championship final, however, on both occasions they lost out by one single point, in 1976, to Baltinglass GAA club, by a score of 0-05 (5 points) to 0-04 (4 points), and in 2000, to Rathnew GAA club. The records show that Hollywood also competed in the final in 1931 and 1939, but were unsuccessful on each occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="9629973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629973" title="Refusal to deal">
Refusal to deal

Refusal to deal (also known as a group boycott) is one of several anti-competitive practices forbidden in countries which have restricted market economies. For example:

</doc>
<doc id="9629993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629993" title="Dayton Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Dayton Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Dayton Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,279 and it contained 891 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.83%) is land and (or 1.12%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9629999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9629999" title="Mambila">
Mambila

The Mambilla or Mambila people of Nigeria live on the Mambilla plateau (in 'Sardauna' Local government area of Taraba State in Nigeria). A small fraction of Mambilla migrants left the Mambilla Plateau for the Ndom Plain (also known as the Tikar Plain) on the Cameroon side of the international border as well as in a couple of small villages, such as New Namba, further north towards the towns of Gashaka and Banyo. The preferred ethnonym is spelt Mambila in Cameroon and Mambilla in Nigeria. "Norr" is also used (the word for person in Nigerian dialects of Mambilla)(Bami-Yuno, ms).
Identification.
The Mambilla people of Nigeria and Cameroon regard themselves as a group with a common identity. They are the denizens of the Mambilla Region, and have been in their homeland for upwards of 4,000 years (Zeitlyn & Connell, 2003). The Mambilla and Mambilloid peoples represent the Bantu who stayed home following the Great Bantu Split of pre-historic times. In Nigerian dialects they refer to themselves as 'Norr' (the people) while in Cameroon there is a collective noun 'Ba' that is used in the unmarked sense to refer to the Mambilla, and also to refer to Mambilla in Cameroon on the Ndom or northern Tikarr plain (see below) contrastively with neighbouring Mambilla on the highlands of the Mambilla plateau who can be referred to as "Bo ba bo". The populations of different Mambilla villages speak different dialects of Mambilla or closely related Mambilloid languages. They also share a set of closely related cultural practices, in particular a conjunction of masquerade and oath-taking called "su", "shua", "sua" or "shuaga". In the Somie (Ndibal) dialect this is phonetically written as [ʃwaɣa]. See discussion in "Sua in Somie" cited below.
The Mambilla language is a congeries of dialects and related languages. The SIL Ethnologue database gives two codes MYA for the Cameroonian dialects and MZK for the Nigerian dialects. See the survey work of Bruce Connell on the VIMS website cited below, and the article on Mambiloid languages.The Common Mambilla or Tungbo Dialect is the general Mambilla language. It is also the literary language of Mambilla for the vast majority who inhabit the Mambilla Plateau. The Mambilla New Testament known as 'Li Fa' and several Mambilla Language study texts are written in the Common Mambilla.
Location.
Most Mambilla live on the Mambilla plateau with their modern capital at Bommi (Gembu in "Sardauna" Local Government. ). in Taraba State of Nigeria that the traditional and historical name of this local government area has been "Mambilla", and that the "Sardauna" misnomer is a modern imposition by external or non-indigenous peoples, particularly, in conjunction with the defunct Jega Government of 1984. This is a highland plateau, the northerly continuation of the Bamenda grassfields. The plateau is dissected by many rivers (notably the River Donga) leaving a complex geography of steep valleys separated by highlands (all of similar altitude). The Gang Peak, located in the northeastern corner of the Mambilla Plateau, on the Mambilla-Gashaka-Cameroon tri-point boundary zone, is Nigeria's loftiest landform. Villages are found both on the hilltops and on valley bottoms, and are relatively isolated from one another particularly during the rainy seasons when river crossings can be difficult (and impossible for motorised transport). Agriculture is concentrated on the valley bottoms while the highlands have been extensively grazed since the 1940s, i.e. since the immigration of cattle graziers towards the end of British administration (it was part of British Cameroon until the referendum of 1959/60). There has been overgrazing and erosion has caused considerable problems from the late 1970s onwards. In late 2000, and thereafter, particularly on 1 January 2002 when Udawa Fulani mercenaries from Niger and Chad invaded the Mambilla Plateau, these conflicts over land led to many Fulani herders being driven from the Mambilla Plateau and becoming refugees in Cameroon. (There were confirmed newspaper and official reports of Fulani mercenaries being brought into Mambilla, see Gaussett's article, and reports/photos of the captured mercenaries in TheNews, 4 February 2002, pp. 29 –30, New Impression, 22 April 2002, p. 42; Daily Independent, 21–27 January 2002, pp. A1, A2; TELL, 28 January 2002, p. 23).
A smaller number of Mambilla, migrants from Nyo in southern Mambilla Plateau, are to found on the edge of the Ndom (northern Tikarr) plain in Cameroon at the foot of the escarpment of the Mambilla Plateau. This is an area which, beginning from about A.D 1790, they, in a piece-meal fashion, progressively captured from the Twumwu, a pre-Tikarr group that inhabited Ndom Plain (Zeitlyn & Connell, 2003). At an altitude of some 700 m, these Ndom villages live in a different ecological zone from those of the Plateau and oil palm plantations and gallery forest are found there.
Climate.
There is a dry season from late November until early March, the rains (which are abundant and regular) peaking in August. Showers and isolated heavy rains are rarely experienced between December and February On the Mambilla Plateau the altitude is sufficient for evenings to be cool. Daytime temperatures hardly exceeds making it the coldest plateau in Nigeria.
References.
Bami-Yuno (2009): "Linguistic Genocide in the Mambilla Region", Paper, 3rd Biennial Convention, National Association of Mambila Students, Bommi, Nigeria, 28–29 December 2009
Bami-Yuno (2011): "The Original Bantu Homeland Debate"; Paper, 4th Biennial Convention, National Association of Mambilla Students, Bommi,Nigeria, 28–29 December 2011
Bami-Yuno (2012): "The Mambilla Region in African History"
Bami-Yuno (2012): "Jumboni - History of the Mambilla Chiefdom"
Connell, Bruce linguistics refs
Gausset, Q. (2005): 'Agro-pastoral conflicts in the Tikar Plain (Cameroon)', in Q. Gausset, M. Whyte and T. Birch-Thomsen (eds.), Beyond territory and scarcity: Exploring conflicts over natural resource management, 90-111. Uppsala: Nordic Africa Institute.
Percival, D.A (1938): "Administrative Reorganization of Mambilla" (An Intelligence Report)
Zeitlyn refs above
A full bibliography is online at http://condor.depaul.edu/mdelance/CameroonCultures/MambilaBibliography.html

</doc>
<doc id="9630003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630003" title="Web Developer">
Web Developer

Web Developer is an extension for Mozilla-based web browsers that adds editing and debugging tools for web developers. It has been tested to be compatible with Firefox, Flock, and Seamonkey. The extension was developed by Chris Pederick, who has also authored the User Agent Switcher extension.
Web Developer was a grand prize winner in Mozilla's 2006 "Extend Firefox" competition and it is one of the few extensions specifically recommended by the Firefox developers.

</doc>
<doc id="9630037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630037" title="Deer Park Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Deer Park Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Deer Park Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 492 and it contained 217 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 94.85%) is land and (or 5.15%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630061" title="Dividing territories">
Dividing territories

Dividing territories (also market division) is an agreement by two companies to stay out of each other's way and reduce competition in the agreed-upon territories. The process known as geographic market allocation is one of several anti-competitive practices outlawed under United States antitrust laws. The term is generally understood to include dividing customers as well.
For example, in 1984 FMC Corp. and Asahi Chemical agreed to divide territories for the sale of microcrystalline cellulose, and later FMC attempted to eliminate all vestiges of competition by inviting smaller rivals also to collude.

</doc>
<doc id="9630062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630062" title="Dimmick Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Dimmick Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Dimmick Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 737 and it contained 316 housing units.
History.
Dimmick Township was named for an early settler.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630069" title="Lamjavyn Gündalai">
Lamjavyn Gündalai

Lamjavyn Gündalai () is a Mongolian politician. He has been a member of parliament since 2000 and served as Minister of Health from January 2006 to January 2007.
Gündalai was born in Khatgal, Khövsgöl Aimag in 1963. After completing the local middle school in 1982, he studied medicine at the Martin Luther University in Halle from 1984 to 1991. Afterwards he entered business and founded the GMET and Batsarai companies.
In the 2000 parliamentary election, he won the constituency no.45 in northwestern Khövsgöl as independent candidate, but entered the Democratic Party in the same year. His first election period was overshadowed by a feud with then Minister of Justice, Tsendiin Nyamdorj, over alleged dissemination of secret documents to a foreign secret service. The affair culminated in a libel charge against Gündalai and Gündalai's detention from a plane headed to Seoul in August 2003.
Gündalai was re-elected in the 2004 parliamentary election. In late 2005, he founded his own Party, the People's Party or Ард түмний нам, with a party structure allegedly modeled after the political structure of the Great Mongol Empire. After the controversial establishment of an MPRP-led government in January 2006, he was appointed Minister of Health, but ousted in January 2007 after accusations focusing on failed staffing policies, negligence, and inadequate behaviour towards representatives of international organisations.
In April 2008, Gündalai left the People's Party and re-entered the Democratic Party. He was one of two DP candidates from Khövsgöl who were elected into the new parliament on June 29th, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9630078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630078" title="James M. Adovasio">
James M. Adovasio

Dr. James M. Adovasio (born 1944) is an American archaeologist and one of the foremost experts in perishable artifacts (such as basketry and textiles). Currently the Provost, Dean of the Zurn School of Natural Sciences and Mathematics, and Director of the Mercyhurst Archaeological Institute at Mercyhurst University in Erie, Pennsylvania, Adovasio is best known for his work at Meadowcroft Rockshelter in Pennsylvania and for his subsequent role in the “Clovis First” debate. A prolific scholar, he has published nearly 400 books, monographs, articles, and papers in his field. 
Background.
James M. Adovasio was born in Youngstown, Ohio in 1944. He received his B.A. in Anthropology from the University of Arizona in 1965. He spent a year in the University of Arizona’s graduate program in anthropology before pursuing his Ph.D., which he received in 1970 from the University of Utah. During his graduate studies, Adovasio worked on multiple excavations and ecological and archaeological mapping projects in Utah; he also performed basketry and textile analyses for Danger Cave and Hogup Cave. 
By his own admission, Adovasio was “programmed to be an archaeologist.” He developed a passion for archaeology at a young age. Under the guidance of his mother, a historian, he learned to read using books about geology, paleontology, and archaeology. 
Once at the University of Utah, Adovasio studied under the tutelage of Jesse D. Jennings, whose work at Danger Cave and other eastern Great basin closed sites greatly influenced Adovasio’s research foci. During Adovasio’s graduate years at the University of Utah, he processed a deluge of perishable artifacts (baskets, strings, and cords) from Hogup Cave. Through this work, Adovasio developed expertise in and passion for perishable artifacts that has persisted throughout his career. 
Though it can at times be frustratingly meticulous work, Adovasio claims archaeology is also an incredibly rewarding field with unparalleled opportunities for interdisciplinary study. In an interview about his book The First Americans, Adovasio comments on his role as an archaeologist in the modern age: “I think in a sense the story that we’re trying to tell…is how we ended up where we are now technologically, socially, and environmentally because—you’ve heard the old saw ‘You can’t know where you’re going in the future unless you know where you’ve been in the past?’ Well, it really is true, and now we understand better how to figure out where we were.” 
Employment History.
Currently, Adovasio works at Mercyhurst University where he is a Professor of Anthropology and Archaeology and of Geology, Director of the Anthropology and Archaeology and Geology Departments, Director of the Mercyhurst Archaeological Institute (MAI), Dean of the Zurn School of Natural Sciences and Mathematics, Senior Counselor to the President, and Provost. From 1995-2001, he served as Commissioner of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. He currently serves as an expert witness for Archaeological Resource Protection Act (ARPA) cases, helping to protect archaeological sites from looters.
Before taking a position at Mercyhurst, Adovasio taught at Youngstown State University and at the University of Pittsburgh. He taught anthropology at Youngstown State from 1966-1968 and 1970-1971. After taking a postdoctoral stint at the Smithsonian Institution, he assumed a position at Pitt, where he worked from 1972 to 1990. While there, he taught anthropology, Latin American studies, and geology and planetary sciences; he also served as Chairman of the Department of Anthropology and Director of the Cultural Resource Management Program (CRMP). In fact, Adovasio founded the Cultural Resource Management Program at Pitt. The fundamental purpose of CRMP was to conduct basic research and to provide a vehicle to teach students how to conduct archaeology utilizing precise data collection and documentation procedures often with highly sophisticated tools. He maintains this research/teaching orientation at the Mercyhurst Archaeological Institute. 
 Adovasio has also worked on a multitude of excavations in North America and internationally. Most notably, perhaps, is Meadowcroft Rockshelter, where he has been involved for the past 40 years. Adovasio has worked on excavations in Ukraine as well as the Czech Republic and Israel. He has also analyzed perishable remains from excavations in Central and South America, Europe, and Asia.
Honors and Awards.
Dr. Adovasio is the recipient of a number of honors and awards. In 1971, the Smithsonian Institution awarded him a Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship, followed by a Certificate for Academic Achievement in 1972. Adovasio received an honorary D.Sc. from Washington and Jefferson College in 1983. He also won the Mercyhurst College Alumni Association Outstanding Achievement Award (1993), the Pennsylvania Historic Preservation Board Award for Archaeological Research at Meadowcroft Rockshelter (1996), and the J. Alden Mason Award for Career Contribution to Pennsylvania Prehistory (1996). In 1995, Dr. Adovasio became a Knight of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. His peers elected him as a fellow for the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and he has served as a lecturer for the Archaeological Institute of America since 2008.
Meadowcroft Rockshelter.
Adovasio excavated the Meadowcroft Rockshelter site in Pennsylvania from 1973 to 1978 under the auspices of the University of Pittsburgh. The site contains 11 distinct stratigraphic units spanning at least 16,000, and potentially 19,000 radiocarbon years, of sporadic occupation, making it the oldest and longest occupational sequence in eastern North America and one of the oldest in the Western Hemisphere. The site was visited principally during the Fall of the year by broad spectrum foragers throughout its long history. Even after the appearance of horticulture in the area, the basic function of the site never changed.
 Due to the age of this site, Adovasio has been involved in the “Clovis First” debate for several decades, defending Meadowcroft as a pre-Clovis site. Skeptics like James Mead and C. Vance Haynes have repeatedly questioned Meadowcroft’s age based on concerns about contamination of radiocarbon samples and the absence of Pleistocene fauna.
To support the radiocarbon dates from the earliest occupational levels, Adovasio emphasizes that the 52 radiocarbon dates from Meadowcroft are, with several inconsequential low order reversals in late contexts, in absolute stratigraphic order. Additionally, all of the assayed samples derive from firepits and fire features with directly associated cultural material of indisputable anthropogenic origins. The entire suite of early dates derives from beneath a rockfall event of Clovis age.
Haynes and others have raised the possibility of coal contamination, but only of the 11 oldest dates. Adovasio has repeatedly pointed out that there is no coal seam at Meadowcroft—only isolated outcrops of vitrinite—making contamination unlikely. Further, the highly localized vitrinite is separated from the Stratum IIa occupational floors by approximately 30-50 cm of undisturbed deposits. Regardless, vitrinite is not soluble in water and could therefore only contaminate fire features in the stratum as particulate matter. Repeated examination of the radiocarbon samples by four different laboratories has consistently failed to reveal any particulate fragments. Additionally, microstratigraphic analyses by Paul Goldberg and associates has conclusively indicated absolutely no groundwater movement and hence, no vehicle for transporting contaminants in any of the sites 11 strata. Furthermore, if vitrinite contaminated the dates in Stratum IIa, it logically follows that it would have similarly contaminated all subsequent dates as the same vitrinite exposures were present throughout the Meadowcroft occupation. If the later dates were contaminated to the same extent claimed for the earlier dates, the later dates would be several thousand years in the future. Haynes also suggests that soluble matter may have contaminated the carbonized cut bark specimen from lower Stratum IIa, as is the case with the charcoal samples derived from fire features. There is absolutely no evidence for soluble or non-soluble contamination of the cut bark specimen.
The faunal remains at Meadowcroft have also been a point of contention; namely, that no Pleistocene fauna has been identified in the stratum dated to the Pleistocene. However, preservation of bone is poor in the deepest levels and only 11.9 grams of identifiable faunal remains have been recovered. Significantly, all of the identifiable remains represent species which have previously been recovered in Pleistocene contexts, though none of them are extinct.
The pre-Clovis debate continues, with many skeptics resurrecting the same concerns about contamination and absence of Pleistocene fauna. It is notable, however, that although archaeologists have called the early dates from Meadowcroft into question, Adovasio’s methods of excavation have always been considered above reproach.
Research Emphases.
Adovasio primarily studies soft technologies/perishable artifacts (such as basketry, textiles, and cordage). As an expert in textiles and other perishables, Adovasio has examined approximately 90% of all North American perishables and has written numerous books, guides, papers, and chapters for edited volumes over the identification and analysis of perishables from various parts of the continent. 
Adovasio also examines the adaptations and behaviors of Late Pleistocene and Early Holocene populations globally and is involved in developing the interdisciplinary relationship between archaeology and geology (geoarchaeology). Finally, he is also involved in the ongoing development of excavations, field documentation, and analytical protocols for excavations, as shown by his work in CRMP at Pitt and at MAI at Mercyhurst.
Recently, Dr. Adovasio has worked to dispel gender bias in prehistoric archaeology. Traditionally, archaeologists have painted men in prehistoric cultures as the principal breadwinners and central figures in the economy of their respective populations. Adovasio, however, defends the importance of women to prehistoric lifeways in his book "The Invisible Sex", coauthored with Olga Soffer and Jake Page. One of the primary reasons the androcentric view has persisted is the relative absence of women from the archaeological record: the durable evidence of male handiwork (lithics) endures, but softer technologies decompose. Since women were typically the ones who made and used perishable artifacts, their roles in prehistory are often undetected since these artifacts break down so quickly. Adovasio’s specialty lends him a unique window into the world of prehistoric women, providing a logical platform from which to attack traditional concepts about men’s and women’s roles in prehistoric North America. 
Current/Future Research: Currently, Dr. Adovasio is working in the Gulf of Mexico looking for submerged sites on the continental shelf, focusing on submerged coastlines, especially where rivers meet the ocean. Analysis of submerged sites could yield a wealth of information about prehistoric humans, as modern humans have yet to disturb them due to the rise in sea level that submerged the sites thousands of years ago. He also continues to analyze prehistoric plant fiber perishables from throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9630089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630089" title="Eagle Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Eagle Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Eagle Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,697 and it contained 769 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630096" title="Uni-Norths Owls">
Uni-Norths Owls

The Uni-Norths Owls is a rugby union club located on the campus of the Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. The club was a result of the merger of ANU and University of Canberra rugby clubs in 1998. Norths Rugby Club joined the newly formed club three years later, in 2001. The club's colors are navy, gold and green.
Uni-Norths have the best clubhouse facility within ACT Rugby
, with outstanding viewing for games and excellent bar service. 
The club won the Queanbeyan Rugby Sevens Tournament in both the men's and women's competitions in 2009.
2014 Team Coaches.
The club is looking good towards the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9630097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630097" title="Willow Macky">
Willow Macky

Katherine Faith Macky, also known as Willow Macky (25 June 1921 to 10 December 2006) was one of New Zealand's most famous songwriters. She frequently collobrated with Dorothea Franchi (1921-2003).
She received the Queens Service Medal for Community Service in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9630099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630099" title="1. FC Schwalmstadt">
1. FC Schwalmstadt

1. FC Schwalmstadt is a German association football club from the city of Schwalmstadt, Hesse which was established in 1970 through the amalgamation of the towns of Treysa and Ziegenhain together with some smaller outlying villages.
__TOC__
History.
The recently formed club was created in 2003 out of the merger of the football departments of "SV Jahn 1871 Treysa" and "TuSpo 1886 Ziegenhain". The team has enjoyed some early success, advancing to the Oberliga Hessen (IV) in its second season of play after capturing the championship of the Landesliga Hessen-Nord (V). The A-youth side also plays at the Oberliga level of its age class.
Predecessor side "TuSpo Ziegenhain" was established in 1886 as "Turnverein Ziegenhain". In 1951 the club merged with "Sportverein Rot-Weiß Ziegenhain" to form "Turn- und Sportverein Ziegenhain". The team won promotion to the Oberliga Hessen (IV) in 1979. They narrowly avoided relegation after a 15th place finish in 1985 by defeating "RSV Würges" 1:0 in playoff, but were sent down in 1988 after finishing 17th. "TuSpo" made a first round DFB-Pokal (German Cup) appearance in 1982.
"1. FC" uses the grounds of both its parent associations to stage its home matches; the Schwalm-Stadion in Treysa and the Stadion am Fünften in Ziegenhain.
The club twice played in the Hessenliga, for four seasons from 2004 to 2008 and again, for two seasons, from 2009 to 2011. From the 2011-12 season, it plays in the Verbandsliga once more.
Honours.
The club's honours: 

</doc>
<doc id="9630114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630114" title="Earl Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Earl Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Earl Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,595 and it contained 1,142 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630125" title="San Juan College">
San Juan College

Founded in 1956 as a branch of the New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts, San Juan College became an independent community college following a county election in 1981.
History.
San Juan College founded in 1956 as the Farmington Branch of the New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts. In 1958, the name was changed from Farmington Branch to San Juan Branch, NMSU. This name better indicated the area served by the branch.
In July 1965, the Farmington Board of Education allowed the college use of a building on North Wall Avenue near downtown Farmington. This space provided for full-time day and evening instruction; however, laboratories and other special facilities at Farmington High School were still used for evening instruction.
During the 1966-67 year, applications for a federal grant to assist in the construction of a separate facility for a branch campus were prepared and approved. Thus, San Juan Branch had a permanent site in the northern part of Farmington.
From the first phase of construction in 1967 to 1981, campus facilities increased from to , while enrollment in credit courses during the same period increased from 395 to 1604 students.
As the community and local school districts invested more money and support in this university branch campus, a call was made for more local control and autonomy. State laws were amended in 1980 to make such a transition possible. Petitions were circulated and a feasibility study for college independence was completed in August 1981. A county-wide election was held on November 17, 1981, which resulted in 87 percent of those voting in the four San Juan County school districts approving of separation from NMSU and financial support for a newly created junior college district. On July 1, 1982, an independent and separate community college known officially as Junior College District of San Juan County and informally as San Juan College, came into being.
Awards.
In 2011, the San Juan College branch of the American Indian Science and Engineering Society earned the National Student Chapter of the Year award, the first community college to earn the national award formerly given at top schools such as Stanford University and the University of California, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9630130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630130" title="Hear My Prayer">
Hear My Prayer

Hear My Prayer () is a Christian anthem for soprano solo, chorus (SATB) and organ or orchestra composed by Felix Mendelssohn in Germany in 1844. The first performance took place in Crosby Hall, London, on 8 January 1845. The accompanist on that occasion was organist, composer and teacher Ann Mounsey (1811–1891). She later married the librettist of the work, William Bartholomew (1793–1867) who also collaborated with Mendelssohn over his oratorio "Elijah" (German: "Elias"). The passage "O for the Wings of a Dove" ("") is particularly well known through the recording made in 1927 by boy soprano Ernest Lough.
The text (derived from Psalm 55):

</doc>
<doc id="9630135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630135" title="HTT Pléthore">
HTT Pléthore

The HTT Pléthore is the first Canadian super car, developed and produced by HTT Automobile in Quebec, Canada.
History.
It debuted at the 2007 Montreal International Auto Show as a pre-production prototype under the name "Locus Pléthore", under the supervision of Luc Chartrand. It has a supercharged V8 6.2L powered (torque was displayed or an optional high performance home made engine of . The chassis and body is made entirely out of carbon fibre with no engine subframe hence the chassis is exceptionally rigid. The car will weigh approximately and, if mated to the engine, will have a power-to-weight ratio equivalent to that of a Formula One race car. Two prototypes were constructed, the second suggests a centre seating position previously featured in only the McLaren F1, 1966 Ferrari 365 P prototype, and the 1969 Bizzarrini Manta Concept. HTT Automobile will custom build a limited lifetime production run of 99 Pléthores.
Debut.
On February 16, 2011, the Pléthore was featured on CBC's "The Dragon's Den". Sébastien Forest & Carl Descoteaux put forward their pitch for Canada's first supercar, asking $1.5 million dollars for 20% of their company. Subject to completion of due diligence, W. Brett Wilson and Robert Herjavec offered to become partners in the company by purchasing 20% of the company for $1 million, providing an additional $500,000 in loans, and acquiring the rights to purchase 3 Plethores at cost, including the first car to be sold in Canada. This deal fell through after the transmission failed during a test drive, however an unidentified party stepped in after their television appearance with the necessary funding. HTT plans to make 6-7 cars a year with 6 cars registered as pre-sold.

</doc>
<doc id="9630142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630142" title="Sir Robert Brown, 1st Baronet, of Westminster">
Sir Robert Brown, 1st Baronet, of Westminster

Sir Robert Brown, 1st Baronet (died 5 October 1760) was a British politician and merchant.
He was the son of William Brown and Grisel Brice and for some time a merchant and King George II's resident in Venice. On 11 March 1731, he was made a baronet, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, with a special remainder failing own issue male, to his two brothers James and Edward, and their heirs male.
From 1734 to 1747, Brown was Member of Parliament (MP) for Ilchester. In 1741, he was appointed Paymaster of His Majesty's works. Brown married Margaret Cecil, sister of Charles Cecil, Bishop of Bristol and then Bangor. They had two daughters and so he was succeeded in the baronetcy according to the special remainder by his nephew James O'Hara. Brown was buried in Audley Street Chapel in London, five days after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="9630155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630155" title="World record progression 100 metres individual medley">
World record progression 100 metres individual medley

This is a listing of the history of the World Record in the swimming event: 100 Individual Medley. The event consists of one 25-meter lap of each stroke (butterfly, backstroke, breaststroke, and freestyle), and as such is only recognized in short course (25m) pools.

</doc>
<doc id="9630158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630158" title="Information Based Architecture">
Information Based Architecture

Information Based Architecture (IBA) is a partnership between architects Mark Hemel and Barbara Kuit, set up in London in 1998. 
IBA is translated into Chinese as; 信基. (xin 4) (ji 1): meaning 'trustworthy architecture founded on information'.
The practice specializes in large-scale architectural and urban projects. Having won several high profile competitions, the most famous one being the design for the Canton Tower also called the 'Guangzhou TV astronomical and Sightseeing Tower'. This project is generally recognised as one of the most complex projects in the world today.
Vision.
IBA can be typified as both 'experimental' and 'progressive'. It constantly attempts to extend the boundaries of artistic design, while also introducing the newest digital technologies. The work was published and exhibited widely. In 2002 they were short listed for the Young Architects of the Year Award in the United Kingdom. They have received support by the Dutch Department of Trade and Industry and received several encouragement-grants by the Netherlands Foundation for Visual Arts, Design and Architecture.
Currently based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, IBA continues its work on both large and small projects in Europe and Asia. The work includes urban master-planning, architecture, landscaping and furniture design.
Partners.
Mark Hemel teaches at the Architectural Association in London where he has been Unit-master since 1999, and a design tutor in the Environment & Energy Program. 
Before setting up practice, Barbara Kuit worked as a local architect (Harper McKay) on projects of Philippe Starck in London; (the Sanderson and St Martin’s Lane hotels), and subsequently worked for several years for Zaha Hadid on many projects among which; the Mind Zone in the Millennium Dome, London, the Contemporary Arts Center in Rome and Wolfsburg Science Center in Germany.
Main achievements.
IBA was shortlisted in 2002 for the Young Architects of the Year Award in the United Kingdom. In 2003 and 2004 the office received a scholarship for research from the Netherlands Foundation for Visual Arts, Design and Architecture.
Information Based Architecture's most important project to date is the Canton tower.

</doc>
<doc id="9630160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630160" title="Jam Cruise">
Jam Cruise

Held annually in January, Jam Cruise is a music festival on a cruise ship. It features artists of the jam band genre playing at multiple venues aboard the vessel. While some aspects of the journey are typical of all cruise lines (ports of call with shore excursions, abundant dining opportunities), other features are unique to the Jam Cruise experience - most notably, intimate performances by bands from the top of the scene. Each of the past 10 Jam Cruise sailings have sold out. This highly coveted event is considered to be the highlight of the year for bands and fans alike.
Controversy.
On January 8, 2011, Jam Cruise's oceanliner were targeted by U.S. law enforcement agencies prior to departure from port. Individuals found to be in possession of contraband were arrested and removed from the ship's roster

</doc>
<doc id="9630165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630165" title="Dirk Niebel">
Dirk Niebel

Dirk Niebel (born 29 March 1963) is a German politician. From 2009 to 2013 he has served as Federal Minister of Economic Cooperation and Development. From 2005 to 2009, he was secretary general of the FDP.
Background.
Niebel was born in Hamburg on 29 March 1963. After his "Fachhochschulreife" (college entrance qualification) in 1983, Niebel lived for one year in a Kibbutz in Israel. Later he served for eight years as an airborne infantry officer in the Bundeswehr in Calw. He then studied at the German College of Public Administration in Mannheim and finished his studies in 1993 as "Diplom-Verwaltungswirt" (similar to a "Master of Public Administration" degree). From 1993 to 1998, he worked at an employment bureau in Sinsheim, a part of the Federal Employment Office of Heidelberg.
Niebel is married and has three sons.
Political career.
In 1977, Niebel joined the Junge Union, and in 1979, the CDU. He left both in 1981.
In 1990, he joined the FDP and was co-founder of the Heidelberg division of the Junge Liberale. Since 2003 Niebel has been a member of the Federal Board of the FDP and of the curatorship of the Friedrich Naumann Foundation. On 5 May 2005, the Federal Board elected him secretary general of the FDP with 92.4% of the votes.
Niebel has been a member of the Bundestag since 1998. From 2002 to 2005, he was chairman of the State group of Baden-Württemberg in the parliamentary group of the FDP. Since 1998, he has been the speaker of the parliamentary group on Labor Policy. In addition to this, Niebel has been a member of the group of German-Israeli parliament members since 1998. At the 2009 election, he stood unsuccessfully in the single member constituency of Heidelberg, but was elected from the land list.
From 2000 to 2010, Niebel served as the vice president of the Deutsch-Israelische Gesellschaft (German Israeli Society).
In January 2011, Niebel met with Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon and signed a joint Declaration of Intent aimed to increase bilateral cooperation in effort to assist developing nations, agreeing to work towards the rehabilitation of the contaminated Lake Victoria in Kenya, the main source of water for several states and one of the sources of the Nile River. In February of the same year Ayalon and Niebel met again to examine aid to the new Republic of South Sudan.
Main Viewpoint.
Niebel advocates a radical reform of the Federal Employment Agency ("Bundesagentur für Arbeit"). According to him, it should only manage and pay out the Unemployment insurance.
Flying carpet affair.
In June 2012, Dirk Niebel attracted controversy after he had a carpet flown home from Afghanistan for free. The Afghan rug weighed 30 kilos and was flown on an intelligence service plane, avoiding import tax. The ministry said the transportation from Kabul to Berlin on the jet of the chief of the secret service was done as "a personal favour". The centre-left opposition accused the minister of "brazen abuse" of office, which risked undermining Germany's efforts to promote good governance in countries like Afghanistan.
Hiring affair.
On May 02, 2012, the German TV magazine "Monitor" reported that since Niebel took the office of Federal Minister of Economic Cooperation and Development over 40 members or staff of the FDP have been hired to work in his ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="9630172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630172" title="Kazakhgate">
Kazakhgate

Kаzаkhgаtе refers to the scandal surrounding James Giffen, an American businessman and former advisor of Kazakhstan president Nursultan Nazarbayev. US prosecutors accused Giffen of bribery paid to Nazarbayev and Nurlan Balgimbayev, former Prime Minister of Kazakhstan, to secure contracts over the Tengiz oil fields for Western companies in the 1990s. 
James Giffen was arrested in 2003 at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York while attempting to board a plane to Paris, though in doing so it was later learned he was in no way attempting to flee the country. He had a return ticket and it was a normal planned business trip. He was charged by the US attorney's office of the Southern District of New York with violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1974 and with money laundering. He was carrying a Kazakhstani diplomatic passport, though dual citizenship is not allowed by the laws of Kazakhstan. The attorney's office also charged J. Bryan Williams III, a former Mobil executive, with tax evasion relating to kickbacks from Mobil's business in Kazakhstan.
According to the federal bribery charges, Giffen is accused of creating Swiss bank accounts and transferring $20 million, paying tuition at exclusive boarding schools for family members of Kazakh officials, and buying millions of dollars in jewelry. Giffen's lawyers assert that Giffen was acting with the full knowledge and approval of the US government. Giffen has requested access to classified information at his trial to back up his claims. The government has opposed the revelation of classified information. In August 2010 Giffen pleaded guilty in front of federal court in Manhattan, N.Y. in disclosure of a Swiss bank account on his income tax return. Mercator Corporation which is owned by Giffen pleaded guilty to one count of making an unlawful payment to a senior government official of the Republic of Kazakhstan, in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. [http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2010/August/10-crm-909.html]
Mercator faces a maximum fine of the greater of $2 million or twice the gross gain or loss resulting from the offense. Giffen faces a maximum sentence of one year in prison and a fine of up to $25,000.
Reaction.
Kazakhstan officially said that the charges have nothing to do with their country as they concern an American citizen, though several American attorneys addressed the US Department of Justice on behalf of Kazakhstan. They requested to stop the proceedings taking into account the strategic importance of US relations with Kazakhstan.
Kаzаkhgаtе in fiction.
According to the Financial Times, James Giffen is referenced by former CIA agent Robert Baer in his book "See No Evil" as "Mr. Kazakhstan" for his ability to influence oil policy in that country. George Clooney produced the film "Syriana" based on this book. Tim Blake Nelson played the role of Giffen.

</doc>
<doc id="9630178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630178" title="Eden Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Eden Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Eden Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,471 and it contained 647 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630189" title="Richard H. Helmholz">
Richard H. Helmholz

Richard "The Hammer" Helmholz is the Ruth Wyatt Rosenson Distinguished Service Professor of Law at the University of Chicago Law School. He received his LL.B. from Harvard Law School in 1965 and also earned an A.B. in French literature at Princeton University, and a Ph.D. in medieval history from the University of California at Berkeley. 
He is a member of the Selden Society Council. Before moving to the University of Chicago, he spent ten years at Washington University in St. Louis, where he was a Professor of Law and History.
His scholarship was cited by Justice David Souter's majority opinion in the 2004 Supreme Court case "Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain et al.", 542 U.S. 692.
During the academic year 2007-2008, he was a visiting professor at Washington University in St. Louis School of Law. He taught Property, European Legal History, and the Law of Oil and Gas. Professor Helmholz recently spent the Fall 2005 semester as a Visiting Professor at Harvard Law School and is a fan of the St. Louis Cardinals. 

</doc>
<doc id="9630193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630193" title="Marc Lacroix (biochemist)">
Marc Lacroix (biochemist)

Marc Guy Albert Marie Lacroix "mɑːk lakʁwa" is a biochemist (educated at University of Liège) and a researcher (b: 28 April 1963 in Verviers, Wallonia, Belgium) who specializes in breast cancer biology, metastasis and therapy.
He works at Institut Jules Bordet (Brussels, Belgium). He lives in Baelen
Earlier work.
Breast cancer cells (BCC) frequently metastasize to the skeleton, where they lead to tumor-induced osteolysis and subsequent morbidity. Marc Lacroix has investigated the interrelationships between BCC and bone cells (osteoblasts, the bone-building cells, and osteoclasts, the bone-degrading cells). With colleagues, he discovered that BCC produce soluble factors increasing osteoclast activity, notably interleukin-11, the production of which is reduced by the cyclooxygenase inhibitor aspirin. BCC also reduce the proliferation of osteoblasts and their production of collagen, the main protein component of bone. Marc Lacroix also examined the response BCC to the anti-osteolytic agent calcitonin
In close collaboration with Prof. Guy Leclercq (Laboratoire Jean-Claude Heuson de Cancérologie Mammaire, Institut Jules Bordet, Belgium), Marc Lacroix has studied various aspects of estrogen receptor biology, ligand-binding and transcriptional activity, and life-cycle.
Recent work.
The amount of data on breast cancer available for the scientific and medical community is growing rapidly. According to PubMed, a search engine offering access to the MEDLINE database of citations and abstracts of biomedical research articles, 7918 papers containing the expression «breast cancer» were published in 2006. Their number was 3592 in 1996, 1455 in 1986 and only 626 in 1976. In general, the older information is overlaid by more recent data and forgotten to some extent. In 2004, Lacroix and colleagues collected and assembled data from hundreds of articles related to the biology, pathology and genetics of "in situ", invasive and metastatic breast cancers. These papers were covering a time period of about 25 years. Lacroix "et al." concluded that despite undergoing increasing genetic alteration, most individual breast cancers rather surprisingly maintain their phenotype when they evolve from "in situ" to the metastatic state. This conclusion was in opposition to a progression model widely accepted at that time, which was suggesting that carcinoma "in situ" could evolve into invasive carcinoma and subsequently produce metastases through an accumulation of molecular abnormalities possibly allowing extensive phenotype changes and subsequent gain of aggressiveness.
References.
Over the years, Marc Lacroix has been refereeing for several international scientific and clinical journals:

</doc>
<doc id="9630202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630202" title="1450 Brickell">
1450 Brickell

1450 Brickell, is an all-office skyscraper in the City of Miami, Florida, United States. It is 540 feet (165 m) tall with 40 floors. It is adjacent to One Broadway in Downtown Miami's southern Brickell Financial District. The building is located on the corner of Brickell Avenue and Broadway. The architect is Nichols, Brosch, Wurst, Wolfe & Associates, Inc. The building contains more than of office space. The project is one of several new office buildings to open in Downtown Miami.
Energy efficiency.
1450 Brickell is Miami's first LEED Gold office building. Hill York, a mechanical contractor, built the utiliVisor system in the building to continuously commission the building's HVAC systems. 
Hurricane resistance.
At the time of completion, 1450 Brickell incorporated the strongest curtainwall window system of any commercial building in the nation. The entire 35-story glass curtainwall system is designed for large-missile impact (hurricane resistance), even though Miami-Dade County only requires glass in the first 30 feet of a building to be large-missile impact-resistant.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9630210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630210" title="Chinese Television System">
Chinese Television System

Chinese Television System () is a broadcast television station in the Republic of China (Taiwan).
History.
Founded on October 31, 1971, CTS started off as a joint venture between the ROC's Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Education. At the time of its establishment, CTS was the only VHF television channel on the island of Taiwan. In 1998, the channel was commissioned by the ROC to provide an "Electronic Government" program, which would act as an informational source for government workers.
On July 1, 2006, by virtue of the government's media reform law, the channel was incorporated into the Taiwan Broadcasting System (TBS), the island state's consortium of public television stations, with Public Television Service (PTS) as the other member of the group. The absorption called for the transfer of the station's main studios from Taipei to Kaohsiung in the span of five years. It shall, however, be allowed to continue generating its income through traditional advertisements, and to maintain its 60-40 entertainment-news programming mix.
The channel is currently on a campaign to restore its title as "Taiwan's drama authority." It once held this title for broadcasting some of Taiwan's most unforgettable serial dramas.
Notable programs aired by CTS.
"Birth of Heart" (風雨生信心) was the first TV drama aired simultaneously over TTV, CTV, and CTS, aired in 1977.
"Today" (今天), one of CTS most popular women's magazine shows, aired from 1972 to 1988. It won the prestigious Golden Bell Awards (the Taiwan Emmys) three times, in 1982, 1985, and 1988.
"The Variety 100" (綜藝100), hosted by veteran Chang Hsiao-yen (Zhang Xiaoyan). One of the earliest primetime variety shows of the CTS network that ran from 1979 to 1984.
"Twin Bang" (連環泡), a popular daily CTS show during the 1980s and 90s. It ran from 1986 to 1994.
"Chinese Characters" (每日一字), the CTS version of a popular educational program, showcased the Chinese writing characters in traditional form. Aired from 1981 to 1998. It was also the similar version on the TVB network in Hong Kong.
"Justice Pao" (包青天), one of the most popular Chinese TV series of all time. The first version aired in 1974 with 350 episodes and the second version in 1993 with 236 episodes and became the most popular Asian drama ever in history. Shown in 80 countries in more than 40 languages (including Tagalog on ABC-5 now known as TV5). The longest TV series ever produced by the CTS network. In February 2009, a new "Judge Bao" was aired on the CTS for the third time. But this time, the dialogue used in this new version is reportedly in the Taiwanese (Hokkien) dialect instead of Mandarin or it will be resulted into a "bilingual" telecast.
"Love" (愛), the first Chinese series shown in both Mandarin and Taiwanese (Hokkien), aired 68 episodes.
"Doraemon" (哆啦A夢), the Japanese anime series, from the TV Asahi network, shown in the Mandarin-dubbed version on CTS. It's still aired today although with reruns as shown on CTS.
"The Four Brothers of Peking" (京城四少), the 53-part TV drama from the CTS network set in latter part of the Qing Dynasty.
"Super Sunday" (超級星期天), the most popular Sunday night variety show program ever. First originally hosted by Chang Hsiao-yen (Zhang Xiaoyan), and Harlem Yu Cheng-ching (Yu Chengengqing). Originally shown on the TTV network from 1994 to 1996 before it was transferred to the CTS network in 1996, where it stayed for seven years.
"Space Warriors" (太空戰士) in 1984 to 1987 the Most Popular Space Warriors was Tokusatsu in Taiwan. The program used the opening theme song of "Gavan" and used the stunts of "Dynaman". In the first season, the four Colors, Yellow, Black, Green, and Pink, used the Tear weapons of " Bioman". They continued to use these weapons in the second season. In season two, using the stunts of "Goggle V", Red, Black, and Green used the Weapons of "Sun Vulcan". In season three, the four Colors, Red, Blue, Black, and Pink, used Weapons of "Changeman".The program ran in the 1980s, ending in 1987. It was later aired in Korea, on KBS Korea, during 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9630212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630212" title="Golden Lake">
Golden Lake

Golden Lake is a body of water located in Renfrew County Ontario, located on the Bonnechere River approximately 25 km southwest of Pembroke, Ontario. It is bounded by the Township of North Algona-Wilberforce, the Township of Bonnechere Valley and Algonquins of Pikwàkanagàn First Nation. 
Omàmiwininì Pimàdjwowin, the Algonquin Way Cultural Centre is located at 1674 Mishomis Inamo, Pikwakanagan First Nation. 
The lake is made up of three sections, with the largest section at the western end of the lake, followed by a slightly smaller section to the east, and finally a much smaller section at the eastern end of the lake, where it flows into the Bonnechere River. 
Golden Lake is known for its smallmouth bass and Northern pike fishing, and has a smooth, sandy bottom in most places. The lake reportedly got its name from the flecks of pyrite or "fool's gold" that can be seen glinting on the bottom of the lake near the shore. Not far from Golden Lake is another lake called Lake Doré, which is French for "lake of gold."
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9630229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630229" title="Fall River Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Fall River Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Fall River Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 763 and it contained 339 housing units. Fall River Township was formed from Grand Rapids Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 97.07%) is land and (or 2.93%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630239" title="Broughton Rangers">
Broughton Rangers

Broughton Rangers was a British rugby football, and subsequently a rugby league club. It was based in Broughton, Salford then moved east of the city to Gorton, Manchester and became Belle Vue Rangers. They folded in 1955.
History.
The club was founded in 1877 as Broughton and added Rangers for its second season. The club’s headquarters was the Bridge Inn on Lower Broughton Road and home games were played at Wheater’s Field. On 15 December 1888, Rangers lost to New Zealand Natives 8–0. From 1892 the headquarters was the Grosvenor Hotel on the corner of Great Clowes Street and Clarence Street.
A motion to join the Northern Union was moved by the club captain and carried unanimously. Broughton Rangers was one of 21 clubs which met at the George Hotel, Huddersfield on 29 August 1895 and formed the Northern Rugby Football Union. Broughton built on winning the Lancashire League in 1896-97 and 1898-99 by becoming the first champions of the Northern Union. When the Lancashire and Yorkshire leagues amalgamated in 1901–02; Rangers' form was so outstanding that by February the championship was guaranteed. The same year, Broughton won the Challenge Cup beating Salford 25–0 at Rochdale in front of 15,006 spectators. Rangers won the East Lancashire League that season after finishing 12 points ahead of second-placed Salford.
Broughton Rangers appeared in successive Lancashire Cup Finals, in 1906-07 and 1907–08, beating Warrington 15–6 at Central Park, Wigan but losing to Oldham 16–9 at Rochdale 12 months later.
Rangers reached the top-four semi-finals in 1907-08, losing to All Four Cups winners Hunslet.
Broughton Rangers lost 14-20 to New Zealand during the 1907–1908 New Zealand rugby tour of Australia and Great Britain on Saturday 19 October 1907, the match attracted a crowd of 24,000, New Zealand led early in the game and despite a Rangers comeback, New Zealand won.
The club won the Challenge Cup in 1910–11 when it beat Wigan 4–0 at the Willows, Salford in front of a crowd of 8,000.
Broughton's last game at Wheater's Field was against St. Helens on 9 April 1913 before moving to the Cliff on Lower Broughton Road, Higher Broughton.
Inter-war years.
Broughton’s highest league position between 1918 and 1939 was sixth in 1935-36 and its lowest, 27th in 1927-28, with Rangers generally finishing in the bottom half of the league. The only trophy won in the inter-war years was the 1920-21 Lancashire Cup, when they defeated Leigh 6–3 at Salford in front of 25,000 spectators.
In 1933, Broughton Rangers moved to Belle Vue Stadium, inside the speedway track. In 1941–42 the club dropped out of the wartime Lancashire League and did not return to league competition until 1945–46.
On 18 September 1935 Rangers signed future Lance Todd Trophy winner Frank Whitcombe from Army Rugby Union buying him out of the army for a fee of £100. Two years later in 1938, they sold him to Bradford Northern for £850, a world record fee for a front row forward.
Belle Vue Rangers.
In 1946-47, Broughton was renamed Belle Vue Rangers. It made a Lancashire Cup final appearance in 1946-47 which ended in 9–3 defeat by Wigan at Station Road, Swinton. The club repeated this feat in 1947-48; losing again to Wigan 10–7 at Wilderspool, Warrington.
After the war, Rangers finished mid-table or above but after finishing 12th in 1950-51, Rangers finished 30th, second from bottom in 1954-55, its last season before the club folded.
New Broughton Rangers.
New Broughton Rangers were formed with the assistance of Salford City Reds and competed in the Dolben Cup at the 2007 York International 9s. They won one game out of three and failed to make it out of their pool. Rangers joined the Rugby League Conference in 2008, finishing second in the North West division.
They participated in the Rugby League Conference in 2009, but folded part way through the 2010 season and their results were expunged from the records.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="9630244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630244" title="Antarctic Heritage Trust">
Antarctic Heritage Trust

Currently the Antarctic Heritage Trust consists of two partners, the Antarctic Heritage Trust (New Zealand) which was formed in 1987 and the UK Antarctic Heritage Trust, founded in 1993. The Trust is a coalition established to promote the following stated goals:

</doc>
<doc id="9630253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630253" title="Farm Ridge Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Farm Ridge Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Farm Ridge Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 918 and it contained 376 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.91%) is land and (or 0.09%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630258" title="Hugh Cholmondeley (soldier)">
Hugh Cholmondeley (soldier)

Sir Hugh Cholmondeley (1513 – 6 January 1596) was an English soldier.
Life.
Cholmondeley was the second son of Richard Cholmondeley (not to be confused with a cousin, Richard Cholmondeley) and Elizabeth Brereton. The Cholmondeley family had held the lordship of Cholmondeley in Cheshire since the time of the Norman conquest. 
He succeeded his elder brother who died in 1539.
He fought against the Scots in 1542 and for this he was knighted by King Henry VIII. 
In 1557, he raised one hundred men at his own expense and joined the Earl of Derby in his expedition against an invading Scottish army. 
Apart from his military career he was also High Sheriff (six times between 1547 and 1588), Deputy Lieutenant of Cheshire (1569, 1585, 1587), Custos Rotulorum of Cheshire (1579 to his death) and High Sheriff of Flintshire for 1582–83.
Family.
Cholmondeley married twice: firstly heiress Ann Dorman, daughter of George Dorman of Malpas and mother of his children and secondly Mary, daughter of Sir William Griffith and widow of Sir Randall Brereton of Malpas. 
Cholmondeley died in January 1596 and was buried at Malpas. 
He was succeeded by his son Sir Hugh Cholmondeley the younger, MP for Cheshire in 1585, knighted in 1588 and High Sheriff of Cheshire for 1589.
Sir Hugh the younger (1552-1601) married Mary Holford and had five sons and three daughters. Their eldest son Robert was created Earl of Leinster in 1646; another son, Hugh, was the ancestor of the Marquesses of Cholmondeley; while yet another son, Thomas, was the ancestor of the Barons Delamere. 
His wife Lady Cholmondeley gained fame in her own right for her lawsuit against her uncle George Holford over the inheritance of her father's estates.

</doc>
<doc id="9630264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630264" title="Tanvi Verma">
Tanvi Verma

Tanvi Verma is an Indian model and Bollywood actress. She is a previous miss Madhya Pradesh. Tanvi Verma started her career as a model, winning the title of "Miss Madhya Pradesh". 

</doc>
<doc id="9630274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630274" title="Freedom Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Freedom Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Freedom Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 663 and it contained 265 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630292" title="This Time (Melanie C album)">
This Time (Melanie C album)

This Time is the fourth studio album released by British singer/songwriter Melanie C. It was primarily released on 30 March 2007 in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. It was released in United Kingdom and some other countries On 2 April. The album features the singles "I Want Candy", "The Moment You Believe", "Carolyna", "This Time" and "Understand".
Background.
"This Time" was written and recorded throughout the second half of 2006 and early 2007 and released on Chisholm's own record label, Red Girl Records.
The songs "What If I Stay" and "Don't Let Me Go" are cover versions of two songs originally written and recorded by Speedway lead singer Jill Jackson for her debut solo album.
Track listing.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "This Time".

</doc>
<doc id="9630294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630294" title="Grand Rapids Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Grand Rapids Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Grand Rapids Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 335 and it contained 130 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630296" title="Andrzej Wasowski">
Andrzej Wasowski

Andrzej Wasowski (January 24, 1919 in Ukraine – May 27, 1993 in Washington DC) was a Polish classical pianist.
Life.
Born in Lwow (now Lviv, Ukraine) of an aristocratic family (his father was a baron and his mother a princess). His father's family owned estates in Podolia and sugar refineries and mining interests in Silesia. His mother, Princess Maria Glinska Wasowska was Professor of Piano at the Warsaw Conservatory. She, in her turn, had studied piano with Richard Baumeister, a pupil of Franz Liszt.
Andrzej began his piano studies with his mother at the age of four. In 1931 he was admitted to the Warsaw Conservatory where he studied with Margerita Trombini-Kazuro, who had studied with one of Liszt's disciples, Giovanni Sgambati. He graduated from the conservatory in 1939 with one of its highest awards, the Grand Prix d'Interpretation.
Lwow, where he was living, was overrun by the Russian army in 1939. On hearing him play, they packed him off to give concerts in the Soviet Union where he performed 186 times, giving up to nine concerts in a three-day period. While in the Soviet Union, he studied with Konstantin Igumnov in Moscow.
He returned to his native city just before the Germans captured it. He was permitted to give concerts to benefit war relief organisations, but was not permitted to play Polish music. Since the Nazis forbade performance of Polish music, Wasowski played clandestinely in basements for handfuls of Poles who risked their lives to hear Chopin. When he refused to play concerts for the Nazis, he was put to work in a slave battalion.
After the Second World War, all of his family's possessions were seized by the communists, and the 22-year-old Wasowski became a stateless refugee. He was the winner of the 1951 Marguerite Long International Piano Competition in Paris and the 1952 International Competition in Bolzano. In 1956 he married Countess Maria Grocholska He toured extensively in Europe, North and South America, and became a Venezuelan citizen.
In 1965 he and his family moved to the USA, but found it difficult to secure work as a concert pianist, so in the Fall of 1967, took up a teaching post at Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma. His letter of References included a handwritten from Leopold Stokowski.
We would know nothing of his playing were it not for the enterprise of a small US record company, Concord Records, who recorded Wasowski playing Chopin's complete mazurkas in 1980 and complete nocturnes in 1989. These recordings were hailed by critics. Bernard Sherman, reviewing the mazurkas for the New York Times described Wasowski as "one of those artists the broad international public neglects but critics and colleagues rave about". Another critic, Charles Michener praised the Mazurkas as "full-blooded and intoxicating, almost shocking in their use of rubato, the freedom with which they shake the pieces' rhythmic structures".
Critical acclaim for the nocturnes (recorded in just two days, 30 September and 1 October 1989) was equally marked. The recording received the 1997 Critics Choice Award from National Public Radio, and the critic Jessica Duchen writing in BBC Music Magazine (May 1997) said "These performances of the Chopin Nocturnes, recorded in 1989, are really rather extraordinary… a glorious singing tone of great clarity, eloquence and purity, with beautifully balanced accompaniment and inner voices… they moved me to tears".
Wasowski's recordings show a novel approach to rhythm, especially in the mazurkas. Being familiar with the dances themselves, his readings are informed by the rhythmic conventions of Polish music, resulting in interpretations that differ markedly from the literal notation, but which are perhaps more in keeping with Chopin's own performance (see an extensive discussion in Sherman's review in the external links section).
Of his own playing, he said ""In my conviction, Chopin is not a sentimentalist. On the contrary when I am at the piano I feel his power and anguished revolutionary might.""
See also.
In the Fall of 1967, Mr. Wasowski's family was still in France, and twice each week he would call them; the conversation would be entirely en Francais. Finally, in September, 1968, (they) arrived.
References.
All other biographical material from a biography which was included with his recordings of the Chopin Mazurkas.

</doc>
<doc id="9630306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630306" title="Gorsky">
Gorsky

Gorsky (), Gorskaya (feminine; Горская), or Gorskoye (neuter; Горское) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9630312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630312" title="De Sitter effect">
De Sitter effect

In astrophysics, the term de Sitter effect (named after the Dutch physicist Willem de Sitter) has been applied to two unrelated phenomena:

</doc>
<doc id="9630314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630314" title="Shawty Redd">
Shawty Redd

Shawty Redd (born Demetrius Stewart) is an American record producer, rapper, and songwriter. In November 2007, he gained fame when he produced "Sensual Seduction", the first single from multi-platinum rapper Snoop Dogg's "Ego Trippin"'. In addition to being a hit, it marked the official mainstream acceptance of this young producer’s return to a more complex Hip-Hop sound, one which borrows from other genres and utilizes a full spectrum of instrumentation. “In Atlanta, we were already known to do records like this, going back to the days of Kilo Ali and Raheem The Dream,” he explains “And everyone said that type of music wouldn’t come back in style. By Snoop doing it, he made it okay for everyone else to do it.” Prior to the West Coast co-sign, Shawty Redd, who always considered himself as much artist as producer, kept his more experimental tracks to himself.
When Redd landed his first placement at age seventeen, his success had already been a long time in the making. Like many influential artists, Redd was first introduced to music through religion as a child. By the age of 6 he was playing multiple instruments, including the piano and drums. Already his life’s passion, music became his salvation. It wasn’t long before trouble found him and, when granted a second chance, Redd made a promise to his Grandmother that he would not need a third. 
His career in music began soon after, when he landed an internship with event promoters Twin Productions. In addition to learning the ins-and-outs of stage and sound set-up, the position allowed him to interact with some of the most successful southern artists of the time. In 2000, at the age of 17, Shawty Redd produced Atlanta artist 
Drama’s entire debut album, the RIAA-certified gold selling "Causin' Drama", which spawned the hit single “Left, Right, Left.” He parlayed his success with Drama into opportunities for his protégés the 404 Soldiers and a placement on the soundtrack to 2001’s Save The Last Dance. 
Soon thereafter, Redd forged a friendship with label owner turned reluctant rapper Young Jeezy. Driven by each other’s determination to attain success, the two opened a new chapter in Atlanta’s musical history. At a point when Redd felt he might be ready to abandon the business of music, Jeezy approached him with an offer to purchase some tracks. Those twelve track became Jeezy’s critically acclaimed mixtape, Streetz Iz Watchin’, which catapulted the rapper to mainstream attention and a deal with Def Jam Records. 
Redd’s signature sound became synonymous with “trap” or “dope boy music.” With production credits for artists like Gucci Mane and Maceo, as well as some of the most popular tracks on Jeezy’s label debut "", including “Trap or Die,” “Air Forces,” and “Get Ya Mind Right,” it wasn’t long before he found his multi-layered, drum-laden style imitated. His popularity in the South also led to placements with Pastor Troy, Eightball & MJG, and on Young Jeezy’s sophomore effort The Inspiration. By 2006, he found it necessary to expand his production repertoire to incorporate his musical upbringing, creating more melodious songs like Black Jak’s “Ride and Swerve.” and Big Kuntry King’s debut single “Da Baddest". At the end of 2006, Shawty Redd met recording/mix engineer Seth Firkins at Hot Beats Studio in Atlanta GA. Firkins' style with mixing blended seamlessly into Redd's "Bass-Heavy" productions. Quickly, Firkins became Shawty Redd's personal engineer, traveling from studio to studio while maintaining Redd's reputation as the pre-eminent "Trap Producer".
Shawty Redd continues to celebrate milestones in his career. In addition to landing the second single on Kuntry’s album, "My Turn to Eat"’s “We Here,” Shawty Redd is the man behind Jeezy’s “Who Dat”, the third single from 2008’s "The Recession". He has also been working with Ludacris, Lil Jon, The Clipse, Hurricane Chris, Yo Gotti, Kia Shine, Nina Sky and Shawty Putt on their latest projects.
Production discography.
From [http://shawtyredd.com/disco.asp]
2012.
Rick Ross - "God Forgives, I Don't"
Gucci Mane - "I'm Up"
2011.
Pusha T - ""
Young Jeezy - "The Real Is Back"
Gucci Mane & Future - "Free Bricks"
2010.
Lil' Jon - Crunk Rock
Gucci Mane - The State vs. Radric Davis
Gucci Mane - "Burrrprint (2) HD"
Yo Gotti - Live from the Kitchen
Young Jeezy - The Last Laugh (mixtape)
2009.
Hurricane Chris - Unleashed
Young Jeezy
Gucci Mane - The Cold War Series - Guccimerica, Burrussia, Great Brritain
Gucci Mane - 
2008.
Snoop Dogg - Ego Trippin'
Young Jeezy - The Recession
Gucci Mane - From Zone 6 To Duval (mixtape)
2007.
Gucci Mane - Back to the Trap House
2006.
Young Jeezy - The Inspiration
2005.
Gucci Mane - Trap House
Young Jeezy - 
BONUS TRACK:

</doc>
<doc id="9630318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630318" title="Milk Tray">
Milk Tray

Milk Tray is a brand of boxed chocolates currently manufactured by Cadbury. Introduced by Cadbury UK in 1915, it is one of the longest running brands in the confectioner's portfolio. Milk Tray is sold in Australia, parts of Canada (such as Newfoundland), Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa and the United Kingdom.
The name 'Tray' derived from the way in which the original assortment
was delivered to the shops. Originally Milk Tray was packed in five and a half pound boxes, arranged on trays from which it was sold loose to
customers.
In 1916 a half pound deep-lidded box was introduced with a purple
background and gold script, which has undergone minor changes in the
ninety years since it was introduced. In 1924 a one-pound box was
introduced, and by the mid-1930s the Cadbury's Milk Tray assortment was outselling all its competitors.
The pack design has been regularly updated and the assortment itself has changed in line with consumer preferences, and today it is still one of the most popular boxes of chocolates in the UK selling over 8 million boxes per annum.
The traditionally named Turkish delight has now been renamed "Exotic Delight".
Production of Milk Tray is made under licence to Cadbury UK in the European Union.
Milk Tray Man.
From 1968 to 2003, the chocolate was advertised by the "Milk Tray Man" a tough James Bond–style figure who undertakes daunting 'raids' to surreptitiously deliver a box of Milk Tray chocolates to a woman. The original tagline was "All because the lady loves Milk Tray".
There were 19 adverts in the series.
Six actors played the Milk Tray Man. Actor Gary Myers, who is most recognizable as the action figure, starred in 11 of them between 1968 and 1984. James Coombes assumed the role in 1987. Kidderminster born actor Alan Riley was officially the last Milk Tray man. A memorable scene of the man jumping from a cliff top into the sea was performed by veteran stuntman Alf Joint.
Top film directors, including Adrian Lyne directed the adverts.
The music, "The Night Rider", was written by Cliff Adams, who also wrote the music for Fry's Turkish Delight advertisements. The music was recorded commercially by Alan Hawkshaw on the album "27 Top TV Themes" (Studio 2 Stereo, 1972). This album has been rereleased on CD (EMI 7234 4 98171 2 8). Alan Hawkshaw was the pianist on the original sessions with Cliff Adams, for the advertisements. A medley of three separate arrangements of the theme, based on the authentic scores as used in the commercials from 1968 to 2010, is commercially available, performed by London Music Works, on the album "Great British TV Themes" (SILCD 1357).

</doc>
<doc id="9630347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630347" title="Groveland Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Groveland Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Groveland Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. It is at the very southern end of LaSalle County. As of the 2010 census, its population was 628 and it contained 299 housing units. Groveland Township was formed from Eagle Township sometime prior to September, 1856.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630348" title="Gorska">
Gorska

Gorska may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9630349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630349" title="NLH">
NLH

NLH is a three-letter acronym that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9630354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630354" title="Riverhead (LIRR station)">
Riverhead (LIRR station)

Riverhead is a station along the Main Line (Greenport Branch) of the Long Island Rail Road. It is located on Osborne Avenue and Railroad Street in Riverhead, New York, north of NY 25 (West Main Street) and the Suffolk County Court House.
History.
Riverhead station was originally built on June 14, 1845. The original station house was moved for use as a railroad bunkhouse in March 1870 and the second depot was opened the same month. Between 1891 and 1969, it contained a turntable, water tower, and pump house. The third depot was opened on June 2, 1910, but the agency was closed on November 13, 1972. The station house was used for signal maintainers until the end of the 20th Century.
Riverhead station was restored in recent years with a high-level side platform and a fourth station house similar to 1910-built one, and it was sold to the Town of Riverhead in 2001. But the station house has been closed to the public in response to a rash of vandalism, theft, and even misuse as a bathroom. The station house is owned by the Town of Riverhead and the MTA uses a high level platform and other amenities instead. The station is also near the west end of the Riverhead Restoration Site of the Railroad Museum of Long Island. A collection of historic Long Island Rail Road cars and maintenance equipment can be found near the station.
Nearby attractions.
Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center
Platform and track configuration.
This station has one high-level side platform south of the tracks that is long enough for one and a half cars to receive and discharge passengers. The Main Line has two tracks at this location and a small yard with three tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="9630374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630374" title="Rosfinmonitoring">
Rosfinmonitoring

The Federal Financial Monitoring Service of the Russian Federation () (known as Rosfinmonitoring) is a Federal Service that was created by a decree of President Vladimir Putin of November 1, 2001, and aimed to fight money laundering.
From November 1, 2001, to March 9, 2004, it was called Financial Monitoring Committee (). It has been led by Viktor Zubkov from the very beginning.
Rosfinmonitoring is consider as Russia's main body for financial intelligence.
History.
Under Presidential Decree No. 1263 from November 1, 2001 "On the authorized body to counteract the legalization (laundering) of proceeds of crime", the Committee for Financial Monitoring of Russia (Комитет Российской Федерации по финансовому мониторингу) was born. The Presidential Decree came into force in February 1, 2002.
Following the adoption in September 2002 amendments to the Federal Law "On Combating Legalization (Laundering) of Proceeds from Crime and Financing of Terrorism", The Financial Monitoring Committee (KFM of Russia) functions have been enhanced with countering terrorism financing.
One of the Committee's functions was to improve the of Russia's image in the international community: Russia at the time was in the "black list" of FATF. Through the efforts of FMK in October 2002, Russia was removed from the "black list", and in June 2003 the Committee became a member of the FATF.
In March 9, 2004, The Presidential Decree No. 314 ("On system and structure of the federal organs of the executive authority") The Committee for Financial Monitoring transformed into the Federal Service for Financial Monitoring (Rosfinmonitoring).
Until September 2007 the Federal Financial Monitoring Service was administered by the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation. In accordance with Presidential Decree from September 24, 2007 (№ 1274, "On Issues of the structure of federal executive authorities) The Rosfinmonitorung become subordinate directly to the Government of the Russian Federation.
According to the Decree of the President of the Russian Federation from May 21, 2012 (№ 636; "On the structure of federal executive agencies"), the Federal Service for Financial Monitoring became under the authority of the President of Russia.
Functions.
The Federal Service for Financial Monitoring exercise the following powers:

</doc>
<doc id="9630389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630389" title="Hope Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Hope Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Hope Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 689 and it contained 299 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630395" title="1978 in Northern Ireland">
1978 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9630397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630397" title="Louise Karlsson">
Louise Karlsson

Louise Karlsson (born April 26, 1974) is a former Swedish breaststroke and medley swimmer who competed in the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics. She finished 8th on 200 m medley in the 1996 Summer Olympics. She also held the world record on 100 m medley for about one year, with the time 1:01.03 in January 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9630403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630403" title="LEF (journal)">
LEF (journal)

LEF ("ЛЕФ") was the journal of the Left Front of the Arts ("Левый фронт искусств"""Levy Front Iskusstv""), a widely ranging association of avant-garde writers, photographers, critics and designers in the Soviet Union. It had two runs, one from 1923 to 1925 as LEF, and later from 1927 to 1929 as "Novy LEF" ('New LEF'). The journal's objective, as set out in one of its first issues, was to "re-examine the ideology and practices of so-called leftist art, and to abandon individualism to increase art's value for developing communism."
Productivism.
Although LEF was catholic in its choices of writers, it broadly reflected the concerns of the Productivist left-wing of Constructivism. The editors were Osip Brik and Vladimir Mayakovsky: fittingly, one a Russian Formalist critic and one a poet and designer who helped compose the 1912 manifesto of Russian Futurists entitled, "A Slap in the Face of Public Taste". The covers were designed by Alexander Rodchenko, and featured photomontages early on, being followed by photographs in New LEF. Among the writings published in LEF for the first time were Mayakovsky's long poem "About This", and Sergei Eisenstein's "The Montage of Attractions", as well as more political and journalistic works like Isaac Babel's "Red Cavalry". The journal had funding from the state, and was discussed critically, but not unsympathetically by Leon Trotsky in "Literature and Revolution" (1924).
Factography.
The later "New LEF" ("Новый ЛЕФ"""Novy Lef""), which was edited by Mayakovsky along with the playwright, screenplay writer and photographer Sergei Tretyakov, tried to popularise the idea of 'Factography': the idea that new technologies such as photography and film should be utilised by the working class for the production of 'factographic' works. In this it had a great deal of influence on theorists in the West, especially Walter Benjamin and Bertolt Brecht. Linked journals also appeared such as the Constructivist architectural journal "SA" (edited by Moisei Ginzburg and Alexander Vesnin) and "Proletarskoe Foto", on photography. The "New LEF" closed in 1929 over a dispute over its direction between Mayakovsky and Tretyakov, and under pressure for its 'Formalism', which jarred with the incipient Socialist Realism.

</doc>
<doc id="9630429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630429" title="Leidse Rijn">
Leidse Rijn

The Leidse Rijn (Dutch for "Leiden's Rhine") is a canal in the province of Utrecht, Netherlands.
It was dug since the Middle Ages when the meandering old Rhine course silted up. 
The Leidse Rijn has a length of 13 km. Towns along the Leidse Rijn are De Meern and Harmelen. While still in Utrecht city the Leidse Rijn crosses the Merwede Canal and the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal.
It is the continuation of the Kromme Rijn (Crooked Rhine) through the moat system of Utrecht. The canal ends in Harmelen. There it connects to the Oude Rijn, which eventually flows into the North Sea at Katwijk aan Zee.
The canal gives its name to the Utrecht neighborhood of Leidsche Rijn.
History.
Since the beginning of our era, the old course of the Rhine between Utrecht and Harmelen became increasingly more difficult to navigate. The building of a dam in the Kromme Rijn in 1122 led to a silting up of the old Rhine below Utrecht, especially as it meandered through very flat terrain.
Already in the early Middle Ages (ca. 700) a canal from Utrecht to Vleuten was dug. When the part Vleuten-Harmelen ultimately became too narrow and winding as well, in 1381 the Oude Rijn (Old Rhine) canal (Harmelen-Utrecht) was dug. 
Under the expansion plans of the Utrecht city mayor Hendrick Moreelse in 1662-1665 a new shortcut was dug, the Leidse Rijn, connecting to where the Oude Rijn canal made a curve to the northeast. At the place where the new canal connected to the Oude Rijn the nobleman Everard Meyster built an estate called Oog in Al.
Eventually the name Leidse Rijn came to be used for the whole section Utrecht-Harmelen. 

</doc>
<doc id="9630442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630442" title="LaSalle Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
LaSalle Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

LaSalle Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 13,565 and it contained 6,356 housing units. LaSalle Township was formed from Peru Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 96.24%) is land and (or 3.76%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630445" title="Alisport Silent 2 Targa">
Alisport Silent 2 Targa

The Silent 2 Targa is a single seater sailplane of Italian manufacture. It is of the FAI DU Class glider. It is sold by Alisport ready-to-fly or kit-built as pure glider or self-launching glider.
The self-launching version can be fitted with a single-blade propeller belt-driven by a two-stroke engine or with a double-blade folding propeller directly driven by an electric motor.
Development.
The development of the Silent goes back to the early 1990s and its roots can be found in Walter Mauri’s light sailplane called the “Dream”.
On 8 December 1994 the definitive prototype of Silent light sailplane made its maiden flight from the small grass strip of Gagliano in the northeastern Italian province of Friuli. The glider, flown by test pilot Walter Mauri and towed by a 50 hp trike, was airborne in 200m and, after climbing to 600m, successfully flew for 16 minutes. Series production of the "Silent 2" with the 13m wings will begin in the second half of 2003. On 1 September 2003, USAF Captain Brock Vaughn flew his kit-built self-launch Silent Club sailplane for the first time. On 22 November 2003 the first test flights of a jet-powered Silent Club sailplane were conducted. Powered by twin AMT USA engines, the 12m Silent easily self-launched with acceptable take-off distance and good climb rate. Several successful flights were conducted to analyze performance, handling, temperature issues, and engine systems.
Design.
The fuselage is carbon and glass fiber composite with epoxy resin. The wings have an elliptical planform, vertical or elliptical design winglets. The wing structure includes extensive use of carbon fiber, both in the sandwich skins and in the tapered I-beam wing spar which uses pultruded carbon rods for the spar caps. The wing geometry is notable in that it varies non-linearly from the root to the tip, both in overall planform shape and in wing section profile. The flaperons stretch for 11.0 meters of the full wingspan and their range of motion varies from positive landing L +8°, to +4° for thermalling, to 0°, -4°, and S -8° reflex positions for cruising. Schempp-Hirth-type spoilers extend on the upper wing surface only. Opening the single-element spoilers with stick held results in a noticeable nose-down pitch movement. This, however, can easily be avoided by maintaining the nose attitude relative to the horizon; doing this will cause little airspeed change. Closing the spoilers has a similar pitch-up effect, again easily controlled with stick movement. On approach, the spoilers are moderately effective. Descent rate can be quickly increased by slipping. At approach speed with spoilers out, there is a clear view ahead over the nose.
The sailplane is trimmed in pitch via an innovative variable-position horizontal stabilizer. The stabilizer position is governed by the flaperon setting. The five settings of the flaperons control produce corresponding changes to the stabilizer incidence, thus defining the trim airspeed in relation to the flaperons requirements. The conventional elevator remains in trail, minimizing trim drag. There is a fixed or retractable main wheel behind the pilot, with shock absorber and drum brake activated via spoiler control lever aft travel.
The Silent airframe has undergone thorough analysis (Politecnico di Milano) and testing (both by the factory and independent parties) . The factory performed complete in-house destructive tests of the wings to confirm that the structure met design loads (the ratings are +5.3/-3.0, +4.6/-2.6, +4.3/-2.3 respectively for the aircraft at gross weight). Note that the Italian RAI (equivalent of the FAA) requires independent testing of the aircraft since the Silent falls within the Italian equivalent of proposed Sport Category. However, for Germany, independent structural tests to failure under supervision of the LBA (German equivalent of the FAA) were required. They are noteworthy in that they are performed at a temperature of 54°C (129°F)! All tests exceeded the 1.5 safety factor requirement. The structural test program also included fuselage drop testing, stabilizer load testing, and control system load testing. A certificate was issued by the LBA showing conformance with the requirements. Successful flutter tests have been performed by an academic flight group in Italy.
The Silent 2 Targa has extremely light ailerons, light elevator, generous rudder. The roll rate is quick because of the lively feel of the ailerons. Stall is predictable and recovery simple. In level flight, as airspeed is reduced when approaching the stall speed the sailplane vibrates a little, at this point decreasing the angle of attack results in airspeed increase and normal flight resume. From a climbing attitude the sailplane stalls decisively, the nose pitches down gently and recovery is easy with stick forward. Spin entry is obvious and recovered with rudder and stick.
Variants.
There are three versions of the Silent Gliders.

</doc>
<doc id="9630460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630460" title="National Digestive Diseases Information Clearinghouse">
National Digestive Diseases Information Clearinghouse

The National Digestive Diseases Information Clearinghouse (NDDIC) is an information dissemination service of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK). The NIDDK is part of the National Institutes of Health, which is under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Established in 1980, the Clearinghouse provides information about digestive diseases to people with digestive disorders and to their families, health care professionals, and the public. The NDDIC answers inquiries, develops and distributes publications, and works closely with professional and patient organizations and Government agencies to coordinate resources about digestive diseases.
Publications produced by the Clearinghouse are carefully reviewed by both NIDDK scientists and outside experts.

</doc>
<doc id="9630471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630471" title="Żagiew">
Żagiew

Żagiew ("The Torch"), also known as Żydowska Gwardia Wolności (the "Jewish Freedom Guard"), was a Nazi-collaborationist Jewish agent provocateur group in the Nazi German-occupied Poland, founded and sponsored by the Germans and led by Abraham Gancwajch. Many "Żagiew" members were related to the collaborationist Jewish organization Group 13, which was also led by Gancwajch. The Nazis had over a thousand Jewish secret agents in Poland and some were permitted by their Gestapo handlers to possess and bear firearms.
The organization operated primarily within the Warsaw Ghetto. Its primary goal was to infiltrate the Jewish resistance network and reveal its connections with the Polish underground aiding and hiding Jews in the General Government. The organization was able to inflict considerable damage on both fronts. Żagiew agents were also instrumental in organizing the Hotel Polski affair in Warsaw, a German scheme to lure the richer Jews under false promises of evacuation to South America into a trap and then steal their money and valuables before killing them.

</doc>
<doc id="9630484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630484" title="Maurice O'Donoghue">
Maurice O'Donoghue

Maurice Cornelius O'Donoghue (born 1950 in Cork) is an Irish actor well known for his role as Father Dick Byrne on "Father Ted" and for guest starring on "A Fine Romance".
His character in "Father Ted" is well known for his long running feud with Ted, mainly in Ludo competitions and the over 75's football tournament. In 1997 he appeared as Eamonn in three episodes of "EastEnders".
O'Donoghue is a member of the Theatrical Cavaliers Cricket club, and has captained the team on many occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="9630489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630489" title="Mendota Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Mendota Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Mendota Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 7,534 and it contained 3,111 housing units. Mendota Township was formed from Meriden Township in February, 1856.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.69%) is land and (or 0.31%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630499" title="Sarah Elizabeth Randall">
Sarah Elizabeth Randall

Sarah Elizabeth Randall is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera "Guiding Light".
Character history.
She is the only child of Jonathan Randall and Elizabeth "Lizzie" Spaulding. Sarah was conceived during a one night stand between her parents. Jonathan was trying to get over his former girlfriend Tammy Winslow and Lizzie was trying to get over her former boyfriend Henry Cooper "Coop" Bradshaw.
When Lizzie learned that she was pregnant she decided to pass the baby off as Coop's child. Lizzie and Coop were about to get married when Jonathan revealed the truth during the ceremony and the wedding was called off. Once the truth about the baby's paternity was revealed, Lizzie and Jonathan banded together when Lizzie's grandfather Alan Spaulding tried to go for custody of Lizzie's unborn daughter.
Even though Jonathan loved Tammy, Lizzie and Jonathan got married in order to keep custody of their daughter which they named Sarah Elizabeth Randall. Sarah was named after Jonathan's grandmother. Lizzie slowly begun to fall in love with Jonathan, but Jonathan was still in love with his ex-girlfriend Tammy.
Jonathan and Lizzie annulled their marriage so that Jonathan could marry Tammy. Alan wanted Jonathan to pay so he set Jonathan up to get hit by a car but Tammy pushed Jonathan out of the way. Tammy died a short time later. Jonathan knew that Alan would never stop coming after Jonathan in order to get to Sarah, so Jonathan faked his death along with Sarah's.
Sarah is a de facto Princess of San Cristobel, due to her father (Jonathan) being the son of Prince Richard Winslow. In the show, she is hardly portrayed as such, but nonetheless, she is. 
Most of the town of Springfield believes that Jonathan and Sarah died from February 2007 to January 2008.
Jonathan and one year old Sarah returned to Springfield in January 2008 almost a year after faking their deaths. Lizzie struck a deal with Alan: she would let him control her life, if he backed off of Sarah. This allowed Jonathan and Sarah to leave town again, with Lizzie's blessing.
Then, in August 2009, Jonathan and Sarah find an alive Jeffrey O'Neill. And in September 2009, Jonathan returned with Sarah to Springfield. Lizzie had married Bill Lewis, and Jonathan decided to share custody with them. During the final episode that aired September 18, 2009, (one year later - 2010) Jonathan and Sarah still live in Springfield and Sarah is shown touching her mother's pregnant stomach, trying to feel her little brother kick.

</doc>
<doc id="9630502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630502" title="Jangi">
Jangi

Jangi (Balochi: جنگی) is a clan of the Baloch tribe, Gabol (Balochi: گبول) and is settled in Ali Pur Region of the Pakistani Punjab. The tribe is named after their warrior nature. 
Gabol Reveals that tribe is a generation of Sardar Fateh Khan Gabol who left Rajan Pur (Harand) and migrated to Ali Pur during a war against the Sikhs. They mainly speak Saraiki.

</doc>
<doc id="9630505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630505" title="Locomondo">
Locomondo

Locomondo is ska-reggae band from Greece.
The 7-member band fronted by Markos Koumaris, the main songwriter and composer of the group,
fuses Reggae, Ska and Caribbean sounds with Greek traditional musical elements.
Career.
They have released 6 albums, including Locomondo Live!, an album which turned gold in December 2011.
Two of their video clips have received the "Best Alternative Video Clip" award from Mad-TV Greece (in 2007 and 2010).
Locomondo is the most known Reggae band in Greece, as well as the only Greek group that has recorded in Jamaica. This happened in 2005, when the band followed an invitation of ex Skatalites trombonist and Studio One legend Vin Gordon to the "island in the sun" and recorded the album "12 meres stin Jamaica" (12 days in Jamaica).
The album contained two songs that meant to be great hits in Greece, but also attracted attention beyond the Greek borders.
The first was a reggae cover of the Rembetiko song Frangosyriani composed in 1935 by the legendary Markos Vamvakaris.
Taking notice of this interesting musical mixture the German film director, screenwriter and producer of Turkish descent Fatih Akin included the song in his Venice Film Festival Special Jury Prize winning film Soul kitchen in 2009, and used it as the soundtrack for the red carpet event of his film.
The second hit of this album was "Den kani kryo stin Ellada" (its not cold in Greece), a hymn to solidarity and optimism. The song became a slogan in Greece and received millions of hits on YouTube.
Other important collaborations in this album where the ones with Spanish singer Amparo Sanchez (Amparanoia) in Barcelona and Natty Bo (Ska Cubano) in Athens.
In 2010 Locomondo recorded "Goal", a romantic song about football, which turned out to be an unofficial soundtrack for the Greek National Football Team qualifying for the second time in its history in the final phase of the World Cup.
The video clip of the song featured Greek national player Dimitris Salpingidis who scored the qualifying goal against Ukraine.
Although the Greek team disqualified in the first round in South Africa,†the band considered it as a strike of luck as Salpingidis scored against Nigeria in the 2nd match, becoming the first player to ever score for Greece in a World Cup final phase.
Other interesting facts.
The film sold over 250.000 tickets and the song "Gamilio Party" became one of the most beloved wedding songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9630516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630516" title="1977 in Northern Ireland">
1977 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9630519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630519" title="Meriden Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Meriden Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Meriden Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois (USA). As of the 2010 census, its population was 324 and it contained 137 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630539" title="Ticket system">
Ticket system

A ticket system toll road (also known as closed toll collection system, as opposed to a flat-rate toll road, is utilized by some state toll road or highway agencies that allows a motorist to pay a toll rate based on the distance traveled from their origin to their destination exit. 
The correct toll rate per user is easily determined by requiring all users to take a ticket from a machine or from an attendant when entering the system. The ticket prominently displays the location (or exit number) from which it was dispensed and a precomputed chart of toll rates with a list of all exits on one axis and various sizes of vehicles on the other axis. Upon arrival at the toll booth at the destination exit, the motorist presents the ticket to the toll collector, who matches the axis for that exit against the axis for the motorist's vehicle and demands the correct toll. 
First employed on the Pennsylvania Turnpike when it opened in 1940, it has been utilized on lengthy toll highways in which the exits are spread out over a distance on an average of per exit. Flat-rate highways, on the other hand, have mainline toll booths placed at equal distances on the highway, with ramps, depending on the direction of travel, having either coin or token-drop baskets or toll barriers or no barriers at all.

</doc>
<doc id="9630560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630560" title="A Climber's Guide to the Teton Range">
A Climber's Guide to the Teton Range

"A Climber's Guide to the Teton Range" by Leigh N. Ortenburger and Reynold G. Jackson is currently in its third edition, and was published in 1996 by The Mountaineers of Seattle, Washington.
The book details the approaches and routes to hundreds of climbs in the Teton Range, most of which are in Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming. It is probably the most comprehensive guide to climbing in the region, and includes an impressive amount of background material including the climate, geology, and climbing history of the Teton Range.

</doc>
<doc id="9630564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630564" title="Antarctic Heritage Trust (New Zealand)">
Antarctic Heritage Trust (New Zealand)

The Antarctic Heritage Trust (New Zealand) was founded in 1987 and is oldest member of the Antarctic Heritage Trust coalition. The AHT-NZ is an independent charitable trust based in Christchurch, New Zealand. It was created to care for sites important to the history of the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration located in the Ross Sea region of Antarctica. 
The sites that the AHT-NZ monitors include: four expedition bases associated with early Antarctic explorers, including those of Robert Falcon Scott, Ernest Shackleton and Carstens Borchgrevink. AHT-NZ patrons include the Governor General of New Zealand, and before his death Sir Edmund Hillary. The Trust is governed by a board of trustees that represent a number of international agencies and organisations. On an ongoing basis, work is carried out by two full-time staff members in Christchurch.
Projects.
Currently the AHT-NZ is engaged in the "Ross Sea Heritage Restoration Project" which was launched by The Princess Royal in Antarctica in 2002.
Although receiving support from the UK Antarctic Heritage Trust, the AHT-NZ has assumed operational responsibility for the preservation of heritage sites in the Ross Sea region, including the above-mentioned huts.
In December 2013, the trust found 22 relatively intact negatives at the Scott site, left by the Shackleton expedition, some of which showed McMurdo Sound landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="9630570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630570" title="Miller Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Miller Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Miller Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 633 and it contained 235 housing units. Miller Township was formed from Manlius Township and Mission Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630599" title="New Victory Theater">
New Victory Theater

The New Victory Theater is an off-Broadway theater located at 209 West 42nd Street, between 7th and 8th Avenues, in Midtown Manhattan. The New Victory is New York's first and only theater presenting work for children and family audiences year-round, programming a full season of theater, dance, puppetry, circus, opera, physical theater and other types of performance art from around the world. In 2012, The New Victory Theater received a special Drama Desk Award for “providing enchanting, sophisticated theater that appeals to the child in all of us, and for nurturing a love of theater in young people.”
Early History.
Built by Oscar Hammerstein I in 1900 and designed by architect Albert Westover, the theater opened as the Theatre Republic on September 27, 1900, with Lionel Barrymore in James Herne's play "Sag Harbor". It was the third theater built on West 42nd Street. Inside the theater, the elaborately decorated interior was crowned with a large dome that featured lyre-playing cherubs (or putti in Italian) perched on its rim. Amazingly, all of the original putti and one lyre still remain today.
Two years later the house was leased by David Belasco, who renamed it the Belasco Theatre and made major renovations to both the house and the stage. Belasco produced a series of plays at the theater starring Mrs. Leslie Carter, George Arliss, Mary Pickford, and Lillian Gish.
In 1910 the name became Republic Theatre when Belasco renamed his Stuyvesant Theatre on West 44th Street for himself. The Republic's most famous tenant during this time was the play "Abie's Irish Rose", which ran for 2,327 performances between 1922 and 1927.
Billy Minsky converted the Republic into Broadway's first burlesque house in 1931, calling it Minsky's Burlesque. It remained as such until 1941. Minsky built a double runway down the middle of the auditorium for his strippers, the most famous of whom was Gypsy Rose Lee.
In 1942, it became a movie theater called The Victory, patriotically named in honor of the World War II conflict. In 1972, as the neighborhood gradually disintegrated, it became the first theater on 42nd Street to exhibit XXX pornographic films. In the early 1990s, the Victory returned to legitimate theater, using its stage space as a venue for offering plays by non-profit companies. It presented the En Garde Arts company's production of the play "Crowbar" in 1990 and in 1991 the Theater for a New Audience offered Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet", followed by other productions.
In 1990, New York City, together with the State of New York, jointly took possession of the Victory. In 1992, it was one of seven 42nd Street theaters to fall under the auspices of The New 42nd Street, Inc., a non-profit corporation set up to oversee the redevelopment of these historic theaters and operate three projects: The New Victory Theater, The New 42nd Street Studios and The Duke on 42nd Street.
The Victory was the first theater to be restored in an effort to revitalize 42nd Street and Times Square, and between 1994 and 1995 it underwent an $11.4 million renovation headed by Hugh Hardy of the architectural firm of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates. The restoration included rebuilding the original exterior double staircase that had been removed in 1911 for the widening of West 42nd Street, and returning the rest of the theater to much the way it looked during the Belasco era.
On December 11, 1995, the refurbished theater, renamed The New Victory Theater, opened as New York's first theater for kids and families. Upon its reopening, it became once more the oldest operating theater in New York City.
Education Department.
The New Victory Education programs are committed to creating ever-widening avenues of opportunity for young people, their families and teachers to grow professionally and personally through the arts. Through the award-winning New Victory Partnership Program, 33,000 students in grades pre-K through 12 annually visit The New Victory Theater at just $2 per ticket (the same price they were when The New Victory opened in 1995) and participate in free classroom workshops taught by an exceptional team of New Victory Teaching Artists. Many Education Partners are NYC-area Title I schools, with a high percentage of students who would be unable to experience live theater if it were not for The New Victory.
Working with the New Victory Front of House staff, the Education Department also oversees the New Vic/New 42 Youth Corps, a job training program that provides over 27,000 hours of paid employment and professional development to high school and college-age youth each season. Families who attend the New Vic together pair their visit with New Victory Family Workshops, as well as in-theater arts activities.
Together, these nationally-recognized programs exemplify the theater’s long-standing commitment to the intrinsic value of cultural participation in the lives of young people and families.
New Victory Arts Award.
The New Victory Arts Award recognizes a person or organization that has used their public position and powers of persuasion to help bring kids to the arts and the arts to kids. Bill Irwin, celebrated actor, outspoken advocate for arts education and New 42nd Street founding board member, was honored with the inaugural award in 2010. In 2011, the New Victory Arts Award was presented to Cheryl Henson, President of the Jim Henson Foundation, and, in 2012, to the Australian Arts Council.
Film location.
Before The New 42nd Street, Inc. took over the theater's lease in the early 1990s, several films were shot at the Victory Theater. In Martin Scorsese's "Taxi Driver", the scene where Robert De Niro takes Cybill Sheppard to the movies was shot there. The scene's exterior shot shows them entering the former Lyric Theatre, which was next door. Scenes in Woody Allen's 1993 film "Manhattan Murder Mystery" were also filmed there. Toward the end of the movie, Diane Keaton’s character is held hostage in the Victory's dressing rooms and the finale of the film was shot on the stage.
The exterior of the New Victory Theater is shown in the 1998 film "The Siege" starring Denzel Washington. A woman walks down the theater's grand staircase with one arm missing after an explosion.
For the 2004 film "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind", Kate Winslet and Jim Carrey were filmed outside the theater, on the staircase and on the main floor of the auditorium. These scenes were cut from the film but are included as deleted scenes on the DVD. An episode of "Sex and the City" filmed scenes in the theater.
Video game.
The façade of The New Victory Theater is in the video game "Grand Theft Auto 4". During the sequence in "Liberty City's" fictionalized 42nd Street/Times Square, the theater is featured. In the game, the theater is called the Liberteen and presents shows like "Banging Trash Can Lids for an Hour".

</doc>
<doc id="9630607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630607" title="Jon Clinch">
Jon Clinch

Jon Clinch is an American novelist and teacher. Originally from upstate Oneida, New York, he graduated from Syracuse University and went on to teach American literature. Formerly creative director for various advertising agencies in the Philadelphia area, he now lives in Vermont. He has written stories which have been published in "MSS" magazine. 
In February 2007 Random House published his first novel, "Finn", a critically acclaimed backstory about "Pap Finn," Huckleberry Finn's father from Mark Twain's "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" (1884). 
Named an American Library Association Notable Book, "Finn" was also named one of the best novels of 2007 by the "Washington Post", the "Chicago Tribune", the "Christian Science Monitor" and "Book Sense". It was also shortlisted for the National Book Critics Circle's first-ever Best Recommended List and the Sargent First Novel Prize.
Clinch's second novel, "Kings of the Earth," was published by Random House in July 2010 to wide critical acclaim, and was named #1 on the annual summer reading list prepared by "O, The Oprah Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="9630609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630609" title="Giant weta">
Giant weta

Giant weta are several species of weta in the genus Deinacrida of the family Anostostomatidae. Giant weta are endemic to New Zealand and are examples of island gigantism.
There are eleven species of giant weta, most of which are larger than other weta, despite the latter already being large by insect standards. Large species can be up to 10 cm (4 in) not inclusive of legs and antennae, with body mass usually no more than 35 g. One captive female reached a mass of about 70 g (2.5 oz.), making it one of the heaviest documented insects in the world and heavier than a sparrow. This is, however, abnormal, as this individual was unmated and retained an abnormal number of eggs. The largest species of giant weta is the Little Barrier Island giant weta, also known as the wetapunga. One example reported in 2011 weighed 71 g, and a 72 g specimen has been recorded.
Giant weta tend to be less social and more passive than other weta. Their genus name, "Deinacrida", is Greek for "fierce grasshopper". They are found primarily on New Zealand offshore islands, having been almost exterminated on the mainland islands by introduced mammalian pests. 
Specimens of giant weta been found in Štip, Macedonia and California.

</doc>
<doc id="9630610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630610" title="Lysine price-fixing conspiracy">
Lysine price-fixing conspiracy

The lysine price-fixing conspiracy was an organized effort during the mid-1990s to raise the price of the animal feed additive lysine. It involved five companies that had commercialized high-tech fermentation technologies, including American company Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), Japanese companies Ajinomoto and Kyowa Hakko Kogyo, and Korean companies Sewon America Inc. and Cheil Jedang Ltd. A criminal investigation resulted in fines and three-year prison sentences for three executives of ADM who colluded with the other companies to fix prices. The foreign companies settled with the United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division in September through December 1996. Each firm and four executives from the Asian firms pled guilty as part of a plea bargain to aid in further investigation against ADM. The cartel had been able to raise lysine prices 70% within their first nine months of cooperation.
The investigation yielded $105 million in criminal fines, a record antitrust penalty at the time, including a $70 million fine against ADM. ADM was fined an additional $30 million for its participation in a separate conspiracy in the citric acid market and paid a total fine of $100 million. Three former high-ranking ADM executives were convicted in September 1998 after a ten-week jury trial. Buyers of lysine in the United States and Canada sued and recovered $80 to $100 million in damages from the five cartel members, and ADM paid $38 million to settle mismanagement suits by its shareholders.
The lysine cartel was the first successful prosecution of an international cartel by the U.S. Department of Justice in more than 40 years. Since then, the DoJ has discovered and prosecuted scores of international cartels.
ADM's role.
The company and senior ADM executives were indicted on federal criminal charges for simultaneously engaging in price-fixing in the international lysine and citric acid markets. Three of ADM's top officials, including vice chairman Michael D. Andreas, were eventually sentenced to federal prison in 1999 to a total of 99 months, an antitrust record at the time. Moreover, in 1997, the company was fined $100 million, the largest antitrust fine in U.S. history at the time. ADM was later fined almost $50 million by the antitrust authorities of Canada, Mexico, and the European Union.
The FBI learned of the lysine price-fixing conspiracy from Mark Whitacre, a former Divisional President of ADM's BioProducts Division, because his wife threatened to inform the FBI if he did not. Whitacre only then told the FBI that he and other ADM executives were involved in price-fixing agreements with other rival businesses around the world. The FBI and Whitacre attended and listened in on the cartel’s meetings in cities such as Tokyo, Paris, Mexico City, and Hong Kong. During Whitacre's undercover tenure, the FBI collected hundreds of hours of video and audio tapes that documented crimes committed by executives from around the world fixing the prices of food additives in the largest price-fixing case in history at the time (1996).
ADM ultimately settled federal charges for more than US$100 million and paid hundreds of millions of dollars more ($400 million alone on the high fructose corn syrup class action case) to plaintiffs and customers. Furthermore, several Asian and European lysine and citric acid producers that conspired to fix prices with ADM paid criminal fines in the tens of millions of dollars to the U.S. government. Several executives, including the former Vice Chairman of ADM, served time in federal prison as a result. The ADM investigation, in turn, convinced antitrust prosecutors that price-fixing was a far more pervasive problem than they had suspected and led to prosecutions of cartels in vitamins, fax paper, and graphite electrodes. European and Canadian regulators have started to crack down on the problem, too. Once a crime that rarely attracted the notice of federal authorities, price-fixing is now under attack by governments around the world. Billions of dollars have already been paid in antitrust fines to the U.S. government since Whitacre first blew the whistle in 1992.
The investigation and prosecution of ADM and some of its executives has been reported to be one of the "best documented corporate crimes in American history". Whitacre was later charged with and pled guilty to committing a $9 million fraud that occurred during the same time period he was working for the FBI.
Popular adaptations.
"The Informant" is a nonfiction thriller book written by journalist Kurt Eichenwald and published in 2000 by Random House that documents the case and the involvement of ADM executive Mark Whitacre. It has been adapted into the 2009 film "The Informant!" starring Matt Damon, which was released September 18, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9630614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630614" title="Mission Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Mission Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Mission Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,972 and it contained 1,083 housing units.
History.
Mission Township was given its name due to the church-riding ministers riding across to different churches in the township. One of these ministers, Jessie Walker, actually has a memorial at the United Methodist Church in Sheridan, which is the seat of the township.
Geography.
The township is shares its western boundary with Serena Township, and its northern boundary with Northville Township. The township border is defined by where the Fox River goes southwest, turns south, then continues to go east, south, west, northwest, north, and then it then curves to go southwest again, forming an awkward "S" shape on the map.
The community of Sheridan resides at the beginning of the bends in the river, and the community of Norway resides where the river flows north, and then curves around to flow southwest. Millington resides along the river, northeast of Sheridan. The community of Newark resides along the county line within Kendall County, but the community is no more than 4 to 5 miles away from the river.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.66%) is land and (or 1.31%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630624" title="BPHC">
BPHC

BPHC can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9630630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630630" title="Krunk">
Krunk

Krunk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9630636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630636" title="The Monkees Anthology">
The Monkees Anthology

The Monkees Anthology is a two CD compilation set by the Monkees issued in 1998 and is the first collection to include material from their last studio album, "Justus". It includes almost all the original singles and B-sides (excluding "Tapioca Tundra," "D.W. Washburn," "It's Nice to Be with You," "Tear Drop City," "A Man Without a Dream," "Someday Man," the single version of "Mommy and Daddy" and "I Love You Better") as well as a TV rarity and one live track.

</doc>
<doc id="9630658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630658" title="Northville Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Northville Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Northville Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 7,410 and it contained 3,143 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 97.73%) is land and (or 2.27%) is water.
The Communities of Sandwich, Sheridan, Northville, and Somonauk all contribute to the township's population, and with the township's recent growth, coupled with the difficulty of the county to respond quickly to the remote corner of the county, a County Sheriff Substation was constructed south of the Sandwich neighborhood of Lake Holiday. Sheridan, which mostly sits within Mission Township to the south, actually has a small area on the north side of the Fox River, which sits within the Northville Township limits.
Communities.
Note: The star (*) denotes partial or full placement within a neighboring county

</doc>
<doc id="9630679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630679" title="The Sickhouse">
The Sickhouse

The Sickhouse is a 2008 horror film, directed by Curtis Radclyffe, produced by Charlotte Wontner and starring Gina Philips, Kellie Shirley and Alex Hassell.
Plot.
Anna is an ambitious young archaeologist who desperately needs the kudos of an important find, but her work is ruined when the authorities suddenly shut down the old hospital in which she is working. Plague spores contaminate its medieval foundations. Anna is convinced that this ancient plague site holds an even darker secret. In her research she has stumbled on a murderous pattern of unexplained child deaths. This is a very cold case; the children disappeared in 1665, the year of the Great Plague. The 'suits' at her museum don't buy her theories and they give the approval for the hospital's imminent demolition. That night Anna risks everything, and breaks back into the hospital to prove her suspicions.
Reaching for a mysterious ancient artifact, she slips and falls. Meanwhile, Nick's 21st birthday celebrations are culminating in chaos. He just wanted a good night out with girlfriend Joolz, best mate Steve, and Steve's younger brother, Clive. But a little innocent joy-riding goes badly wrong. After a fatal hit-and-run the teenagers hide out in the hospital and their fates become intertwined with Anna's. With luckless synchronicity, two worlds collide and the ancient force that has snared the young people starts to play out its cruel game. Anna has unwittingly resurrected the malevolent spirit of a hideous medieval plague doctor, and one by one they will all encounter his evil reincarnation - their fates mirroring the cruel deaths of his victims 350 years ago. History is repeating itself.
Anna works against the clock to unlock the secrets of the murderous plague doctor. In a twisted version of Alice Through The Looking Glass, the young people find themselves fighting for their lives - and souls - in a long-forgotten medieval underworld. The only way out is for Anna to confront the plague doctor. Can she destroy him, and stop his evil spreading like a plague epidemic, into today's world? A shocking mystery that began centuries ago needs solving but even Anna cannot see that she herself is the final piece of the puzzle. Time is her enemy and death is only the beginning.

</doc>
<doc id="9630681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630681" title="Ophir Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Ophir Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Ophir Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 508 and it contained 201 housing units. Ophir Township was originally named Fremont Township, but was renamed in May, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630689" title="George Frederic Muntz">
George Frederic Muntz

George Frederick Muntz (26 November 1794 – 30 July 1857) was an industrialist from Birmingham, England and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the Birmingham constituency from 1840 until his death.
His family came to England during the French revolution.
Muntz was a supporter of political reform and a member of the Birmingham Political Union. In his actions that led to the Reform Act of 1832, he was indicted for sedition as he tried to undermine the Duke of Wellington with a run on gold: "To stop the Duke, run for gold". He also was involved in a riot at Saint Martins in Birmingham in protest against the Church Rates which were levied at around 6d to 9d in the pound. He was sent to trial in 1838, but was acquitted on all but one of 13 charges. Whilst claiming to be a republican, his true character appeared to be that of an egotistical aristocrat. Edwards wrote in 1877 of a conversation about a speech he made: 
"They won't be able to print Muntz's speech verbatim." "Why not?" said I. "Why my dear fellow, no printing office in the world would have capital I's enough".
His home was at Umberslade Hall, in Tanworth in Arden. In the grounds of his estate, Muntz's son commissioned a church to be built which stands to this day, Umberslade Baptist Church. His descendants still live in the area and operate Umberslade Hall Children's Farm.
As an industrialist, he developed Muntz Metal.
He had seven sons and two daughters. The family business was continued by the eldest son, George Frederick junior together with Philip Albert Muntz, also a Member of Parliament who was created a Baronet in 1902 (see Muntz Baronets). George's brother, Philip Henry Muntz, was also an MP.
The Muntz family are remembered by Muntz Street, a tower block called Muntz House and Muntz Park, all in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="9630721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630721" title="Starfinger">
Starfinger

Starfinger is a fictional DC Comics supervillain. He first appeared in "Adventure Comics" #335 (August 1965) and was an enemy of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Fictional character biography.
Lars Hanscom.
Starfinger was a helmeted figure with five different powers generated by each finger of his right hand. The Legion discovers that Starfinger is actually Lightning Lad, controlled by Dr. Lars Hanscom. Hanscom, under the guise of examining Lightning Lad's robotic arm, had hypnotized the Legionnaire and outfitted him with the Starfinger glove, so that Hanscom could obtain the rare metal rejuvium by threatening to destroy the "Seven Wonders of the 30th Century." Hanscom was brought to justice; after escaping prison, he briefly tried a criminal career on his own. His most notorious crime was the kidnapping of one of Duo Damsel's bodies during her wedding to Bouncing Boy. He later tried as "Doctor Larsh" (Lars H.) to use Lightning Lad again on the eve of the birth of the Legionnaire's twins, but was easily defeated.
Char Burrane.
Young Science Police cadet Gim Allon was on Mars chasing a fugitive just moments prior to the meteor strike that would imbue him with the growth powers he would use to become a Legionnaire. That criminal, Char Burrane would later escape again, and while fleeing across the Martian surface, would stumble upon an a mysterious ring which was capable of generating two super-powered women, identifying themselves as Starlight and Starbright who originated from a micro world contained within the ring itself. With their powers, Burrane then begins building a criminal empire. Years later, he claims the name of Starfinger and has Hanscom killed on Takron-Galtos II to announce his arrival. Displaying an obvious vendetta against Colossal Boy, the new Starfinger battles the Legion and ultimately captures his personal nemesis and an undercover Chameleon Boy (acting on his own as Legion Espionage Leader). Overwhelmed by the subsequent team of rescuing Legionnaires, Starfinger flees to the secret world within his ring. Shrinking Violet discovers the ring, which is then heavily guarded.
Molock Hanscom.
In the fourth volume of the Legion of Super-Heroes series, Molock Hanscom (formerly the leader of the Cosmic Spy League and brother of Lars) takes on the Starfinger role by arranging the assassination of Burrane. He sends killers (including the Persuader) after Char Burrane II to capture his predecessor's ring, and ultimately becomes successful in acquiring the artifact. Starfinger III is killed by the Khunds.
Powers and abilities.
Starfinger's right hand has five star tipped fingers, each of which can project different energy rays. Each ray has a different property: 
Using all the fingers together projects a distorting ray that scambles superpowers and makes them function erratically.
In other media.
The Char Burrane version of Starfinger appears in the "Legion of Super-Heroes" episode "The Substitutes" where he is voiced by Taylor Negron. He is portrayed as arrogant and narcissistic with a thick, and comically near-incomprehensible, Spanish accent. Starfinger wears a pair of mechanical gloves that have a different power in each finger. One finger has the ability to create small furry creatures which (unknown even to him) grow into monsters that eat the Earth's ionosphere. With the Legion busy trying to save the ionosphere, the Legion of Substitute Heroes are left to fight Starfinger. The "Subs" are able to subdue Starfinger and help the Legion stop the destruction of the ionosphere. In this episode, Brainiac 5 characterizes Starfinger as a "third-rate nuisance". He makes two additional appearances in the companion comic book title, "The Legion of Super-Heroes in the 31st Century".

</doc>
<doc id="9630724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630724" title="Osage Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Osage Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Osage Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 279 and it contained 128 housing units. Osage Township was formed from Eagle Township sometime prior to September, 1856.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630727" title="Black Ball Line (trans-Atlantic packet)">
Black Ball Line (trans-Atlantic packet)

The Black Ball Line was founded by a group of New York Quaker merchants headed by Jeremiah Thompson, and included Isaac Wright & Son (William), Francis Thompson and Benjamin Marshall. All were Quakers except Marshall. 
The line initially consisted of four packet ships, the "Amity", "Courier", "Pacific" and the "James Monroe". All of these were running between Liverpool, England and New York City. This first scheduled trans-Atlantic service was founded in 1817. In operation for some 60 years, it took its name from its flag, a black ball on a red background.
In 1851, James Baines & Co. of Liverpool entered the packet trade using the same name and flag as the New York company, despite its protests. Thus, for about twenty years, two "Black Ball lines" under separate ownership were operating in direct competition on the transatlantic packet trade. James Baines & Co. also operated ships running between Liverpool and Australia, including famous clipper ships such as "Champion of the Seas", "James Baines", "Lightning", "Indian Queen", "Marco Polo" and "Sovereign of the Seas".
The Black Ball Line is mentioned in several sea shanties, such as "Blow the Man Down," "Homeward Bound", and "Hurrah for the Black Ball Line."

</doc>
<doc id="9630741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630741" title="ISO 15706-2">
ISO 15706-2

The ISO 15706-2 is the ISO standard, an extension to the existing 2002 published standard ISO 15706:2002. The ISO 15706-2 is the Information and documentation — International Standard Audiovisual Number — Part 2: Version identifier.
ISO 15706-2:2007 establishes a voluntary system for the identification of versions of audiovisual works and other content derived from or closely related to an audiovisual work. It is based on the International Standard Audiovisual Number (ISAN) system defined in ISO 15706:2002. An ISAN combined with the version segment, as specified in ISO 15706-2:2007 constitutes an ISAN version identifier, is referred to as a V-ISAN. A V-ISAN is a registered, globally unique identifier for versions of an audiovisual work and related content. 
ISO 15706-2:2007 specifies the basic systems and procedures to support the issuance and administration of V-ISANs.

</doc>
<doc id="9630760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630760" title="UK Antarctic Heritage Trust">
UK Antarctic Heritage Trust

The UK Antarctic Heritage Trust is a British charity, registered in 1993. The UKAHT is a member of the Antarctic Heritage Trust coalition. The UKAHT's Patron is HRH Princess Anne, The Princess Royal.
The organization's stated goals are as follows:
Projects.
Port Lockroy (Historic Site No. 61 under the Antarctic Treaty) is operated as a museum and post office (on behalf of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office) by UK Antarctic Heritage Trust during the austral summer. Proceeds from the gift shop fund the repair and conservation of this site and others on the Antarctic Peninsula.
In 2004, the New Zealand Antarctic Heritage Trust began a comprehensive restoration project in the Ross Sea region of Antarctica, focussing on huts belonging to explorers of the region. Although the New Zealand branch of the Trust has operational responsibility for the project, the UK Trust is a supporter of the efforts which include the preservation of huts belonging to Sir Ernest Shackleton and Robert Falcon Scott(both British explorers).

</doc>
<doc id="9630770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630770" title="Bana, Rajasthan">
Bana, Rajasthan

Bana is a village situated in Bikaner district in Rajasthan, India. It is situated 10 km south of Sri Dungargarh city. It was founded by Bana (clan) Jats.
Bana village is inhabited by Bana (clan) Jats only. There are 550 families of Bana Jats living in this village. There is only one family of Bhambu gotra living in the village. They migrated from Jaleu village in Ratangarh tehsil in Churu district.

</doc>
<doc id="9630772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630772" title="Ottawa Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Ottawa Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Ottawa Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 11,766 and it contained 5,601 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 94.29%) is land and (or 5.77%) is water.
Government.
Ottawa Township is the center of the county government, with an Appellate Court branch, the County Courthouse, and County Offices located within Ottawa proper and within Ottawa Township.

</doc>
<doc id="9630806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630806" title="Grégory Paisley">
Grégory Paisley

Grégory Paisley (born 7 May 1977 in Paris) is a former French professional football defender.
After his retirement in 2012, he started to work as a journalist for beIN Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="9630811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630811" title="Otter Creek Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Otter Creek Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Otter Creek Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,970 and it contained 1,247 housing units. Otter Creek was formed from a portion of Bruce Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630832" title="Sialoglycoprotein">
Sialoglycoprotein

A sialoglycoprotein is a combination of sialic acid and glycoprotein, which is, itself, a combination of sugar and protein.
Glycophorin C is one common sialoglycoprotein.

</doc>
<doc id="9630841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630841" title="South of Delia">
South of Delia

South of Delia is the seventh solo album by American folk singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. "South of Delia" is a cover album. Although he himself is sometimes described as a "songwriter's songwriter," covers are not new to Shindell. In addition to recording a few on his previous solo albums, he was also one third of the folk supergroup / cover band Cry Cry Cry (along with Dar Williams and Lucy Kaplansky). On "South of Delia", Shindell covers songs from several songwriting legends, including Woody Guthrie and Bob Dylan, as well as some from younger up-and-coming writer/performers, such as Jeffrey Foucault and Josh Ritter.
Although the official release date was May 10, 2007, pre-orders began shipping in late March. The album began to appear on a number of radio airplay charts prior to its official release (see below).
The title ""South of Delia"" comes from a line in the Josh Ritter song, "Lawrence, KS". The song was previously recorded by Ritter for his 2001 album, "Golden Age of Radio".

</doc>
<doc id="9630847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630847" title="Project Oxygen">
Project Oxygen

Project Oxygen is a research project at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory to develop pervasive, human-centered computing. The Oxygen architecture is to consist of handheld terminals, computers embedded in the environment, and dynamically configured networks which connect these devices.

</doc>
<doc id="9630853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630853" title="Morning Musume Tanjō 10nen Kinentai">
Morning Musume Tanjō 10nen Kinentai

History.
In early 2007, Morning Musume Tanjō 10nen Kinentai was made. They released a commemorative Single called . Tsunku, the producer of Morning Musume, stated that the members chosen symbolize the grassroots beginning of the group; how they had five members ranging in age from 14-24. Additionally, each member was from an odd generation. On August 8, 2007 they released a second single - which was also their last one - . The group was only active during 2007 for Morning Musume's 10th anniversary.
The group had a concert tour starting on August 11, 2007, ending September 1, 2007, located in six different stadiums. The tour was named , and was later released on DVD on November 14, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9630865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630865" title="Blake Elliott">
Blake Elliott

Blake Elliott (born February 19, 1981)
was the winner of the 2003 Gagliardi Trophy for academic and football excellence covering all of NCAA Division III. He graduated from Melrose High School in Melrose, Minnesota and Saint John's University (Collegeville, Minnesota). He owns several school, conference, and national records in NCAA football. In his senior year, he led Saint John's to the NCAA Division III National Football Championship over previously unbeaten Mount Union College. After college, Elliott spent time with the Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="9630886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630886" title="Pastor Bonus">
Pastor Bonus

Pastor Bonus ("Good Shepherd" in Latin) is an Apostolic Constitution promulgated by Pope John Paul II on 28 June 1988. It instituted a number of reforms in the process of running the central government of the Roman Catholic Church, as article 1 states "The Roman Curia is the complex of dicasteries and institutes which help the Roman Pontiff in the exercise of his supreme pastoral office for the good and service of the whole Church and of the particular Churches. It thus strengthens the unity of the faith and the communion of the people of God and promotes the mission proper to the Church in the world".
Changes.
Among the changes formulated in the constitution was the re-integration of the Council for Public Affairs of the Church into the Secretariat of State as the Section for Relations with States (the "Second Section"). The Council for Public Affairs of the Church had previously been a section of the Secretariat of State, but was made an independent dicastery by Pope Paul VI in 1967.
The constitution also opened membership in dicasteries to priests, deacons, religious, and lay persons. For centuries, only cardinals were eligible for membership in the organs of the Holy See, but Pope Paul VI allowed diocesan bishops to be members following calls for collegiality at the Second Vatican Council. "Pastor Bonus" continued the opening of the central government of the church by allowing representatives of all the faithful to have a role in the Roman Curia.
Roles.
"Pastor Bonus" set out the roles of the Secretariat of State, Congregations, Tribunals, Pontifical Councils, Administrative Services and Pontifical Commissions of the Roman Curia. It also established the norms for the Ad limina visits of bishops to Rome and the relationship between the Holy See and the particular Churches and episcopal conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="9630900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630900" title="Mohammed Said Bareh">
Mohammed Said Bareh

Mohammed Said Bareh was an Eritrean political figure. He was formerly the Administrator of Anseba Region and Minister of Foreign Affairs. He died in April 2008 and a state funeral was held for him attended by the president of Eritrea and high level Officials who also were his former comrade-in-arms during the armed struggle. He is survived by his wife and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9630910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630910" title="Mohammed Said">
Mohammed Said

Mohammed Said may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9630911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630911" title="Oriental Bluebird">
Oriental Bluebird

The 8,725 ton Hiyo Maru (飛鷹丸) was the largest member of the Japanese whaling fleet; providing fuel, resources, and stock storage space for that fleet and its crew. In 1992, it was renamed and re-flagged to Panama as the "Oriental Bluebird". According to Greenpeace, after a dispute with the Panamanian Government in 2008, it was de-flagged and re-registered to Japan. 
The "Hiyo Maru" served as the fuel tanker for Japan's whaling fleet, and was alleged by Greenpeace to also transport whale meat.
In August 2010, the ship was sold to China to be scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="9630918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630918" title="Timotheus (sculptor)">
Timotheus (sculptor)

Timotheus (; born in Epidaurus; died in Epidaurus, c. 340 BC) was a Greek sculptor of the 4th century BC, one of the rivals and contemporaries of Scopas of Paros, among the sculptors who worked for their own fame on the construction of the "grave of Mausolus at Halicarnassus" between 353 and 350 BC. He was apparently the leading sculptor at the temple of Asklepios at Epidaurus, c. 380 BC. To him is attributed a sculpture of "Leda and the Swan" in which the queen Leda of Sparta protected a swan from an eagle, on the basis of which a Roman marble copy in the Capitoline Museums is said to be "after Timotheus". The theme must have been popular, judging by the more than two dozen Roman marble copies that survive. The most famous version has been that in the Capitoline Museums in Rome, purchased by Pope Clement XIV from the heirs of Cardinal Alessandro Albani. A highly restored version is in the Museo del Prado, and an incomplete one is in the Yale University Art Gallery, New Haven, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="9630920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630920" title="Peru Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Peru Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Peru Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 10,732 and it contained 4,971 housing units. Peru Township was originally named Salisbury Township, but was changed on September 27, 1856.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 97.22%) is land and (or 2.84%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9630932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630932" title="1936 German Grand Prix">
1936 German Grand Prix

The 1936 German Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Nürburgring on 26 July 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="9630933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630933" title="Selma Hassan">
Selma Hassan

Selma Hassan is the Minister of Labor and Human Welfare of Eritrea.
Prior to her appointment as Minister, Selma was Administrator of the Anseba Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9630936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630936" title="Unified voicemail">
Unified voicemail

Unified Voicemail is the combination of different voicemail bearers into a single voicemail system. Using dedicated DID /DDI numbers for each mailbox, the mailbox can be used on a variety of devices and end-points. This is similar to what GSM providers use for their voicemail systems. Mobile phones and traditional analog phones need to support conditional call diversion to enjoy unified voicemail. Unified Voicemail can be extended into traditional unified messaging.
Advantages of Unified Voicemail.
Unified voicemails have emerged in importance in the last decade or so when consumers have adopted multiple platforms for their communication needs. An average consumer may answer to as many as four or five phone numbers, a traditional phone line at home, in the office, a mobile phone and a SIP number for his/her computer. With unified voicemail users can have one voice mail for all these disparate lines. They need to access a single mailbox, regardless whether the message has been left on their desk, mobile or VoIP phone.

</doc>
<doc id="9630946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630946" title="Supervillain Outcast">
Supervillain Outcast

Supervillain Outcast is the fourth full-length album by Norwegian black metal band Dødheimsgard, now under the moniker DHG. It was released on March 26, 2007, by Moonfog Productions. It was their only release to feature Kvohst on vocals, who replaced Aldrahn after he left the band in 2004.
With this album, the band continues the avant-garde/black metal fusion sound they undertook on their previous album, "666 International"; however, the industrial-esque style that was preponderant on "666 International" is toned down in order to focus more on the electronic interludes, in a style closer to DHG's EP "Satanic Art" (1998).
Carl-Michael Eide recorded the drums for the album prior to an accident that left his legs paralyzed.
A double-disc deluxe edition of "Supervillain Outcast" was released by Peaceville Records in 2012. The extra disc contained seven previously unreleased instrumental tracks; "Senseoffender" is an outtake from the album, and the following six tracks are from a 2003 rehearsal.
The track "Ghostforce Soul Constrictor" was the last track former member Aldrahn wrote during his period in DHG. He briefly returns on this album, providing additional vocals for the tracks "Foe vs. Foe" and "Ghostforce Soul Constrictor".

</doc>
<doc id="9630950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630950" title="Auriol Guillaume">
Auriol Guillaume

Auriol Guillaume (born 14 October 1979 in Saint-Denis) is a French professional football defender, currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="9630952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630952" title="The Block (UK TV series)">
The Block (UK TV series)

The Block was a British reality television series broadcast on ITV in the summer of 2004, based on the Australian series of the same name. The show was presented by Lisa Rogers.
Format.
The show followed 4 couples renovating four identical apartments in Brighton, with each couple given a budget of £25,000 to do so. They had to live in the apartments while continuing their daily lives. 
Each week the couples are required to complete renovating a room in their apartment. At the end of each week's episode the room was judged by property expert Nicholas Cowell (brother of Simon Cowell) and the best couple won a prize (either furniture or building materials).
Reception.
The show, which had been so popular in Australia where it originated, was not successful in the UK and after it premiered in a prime-time ITV slot, was moved to the "graveyard slot" of after 11pm. A second series was not commissioned.

</doc>
<doc id="9630961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630961" title="Acanthus (Egypt)">
Acanthus (Egypt)

Acanthus (Greek: ; in Ptolemy, ) was an ancient city of Egypt, on the western bank of the Nile, 120 stadia south of Memphis. Its site is located at the modern village of Dashour. The town was in the Memphite Nome, and, therefore, in the Heptanomis. It was celebrated for a temple of Osiris, and received its name from a sacred enclosure composed of the acanthus plants. (Strabo p. 809; Diod. i. 97; Steph. B. "s. v."; Ptol. iv. 5. § 55.)

</doc>
