<doc id="9893464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893464" title="Cork Intermediate Football Championship">
Cork Intermediate Football Championship

Cork Intermediate Football Championship is a Gaelic Athletic Association competition between second tier Gaelic football clubs organised by Cork GAA. The championship was discontinued after 1938 because of a lack of clubs. From 1939 until 1964 any team that won the Junior County Football Final went directly to Senior competition. The Intermediate Championship was revived in 1965 and continues to this day. In 2006, the championship was split into two grades (Premier Intermediate and Intermediate A).
The winner of the intermediate championship usually plays in the Cork Senior Football Championship the following year. With the current split, the winning club of the "Premier Intermediate" is promoted to the senior level, while the winning club of the "Intermediate A" plays in the "Premier Intermediate" in the following year. The winners of the Premier title represent Cork GAA in the Munster Intermediate Club Football Championship.
In 2013, Clyda Rovers GAA won the "Premier Intermediate" title beating Macroom GAA in the final and they also went onto win the Munster Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9893486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893486" title="Jerri Southcott">
Jerri Southcott

Jerri Southcott is a Canadian radio, television and film announcer, reporter, presenter and actress whose media career has spanned more than twenty years.
Southcott commenced as a radio announcer for Rideau Broadcasting in 1985, and is well known to many Ottawa listeners as an announcer and host of popular music shows on CHUM Radio (1995–2005). She also worked for CHUM Television's A-Channel for four years (2002–2006) covering many subjects from lifestyle, community stories, health and arts. She has worked with The Weather Network as a weather presenter in Montreal, Quebec. Southcott has hosted many radio shows, including "Candy Land", "Trivial Pursuit" and "CIBC Phone/Internet", as well as narrating several documentaries and commercials.
She has appeared in the TV movies: "The Endless Grind", "Pressure Point", "Mind Over Murder", "Unspoken" and "Black Widower".
In 2003 she set up Diggity Communications where she has also done voice talent work for animated television shows, including "Toad Patrol", "For Better or For Worse", "Faireez", "Bitchy Bits", "Fix and Foxi", "Zeroman", "Hoze Houndz", "Freaky Stories", "The Secret World of Benjamin Bear" and "Untalkative Bunny".
In 2006 she joined CBC Television and was host of "Living in Ottawa" for its first two seasons.
Since 2007 she has been involved in communications for the Ottawa Regional Cancer Foundation, and their Terry Fox Run.
In 2011 she became Manager, Video Services for Health Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9893528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893528" title="Maria Kamrowska">
Maria Kamrowska

Maria Barbara Kamrowska-Nowak (born 11 March 1966 in Starogard Gdański) is a retired Polish heptathlete.
She finished ninth at the 1991 World Championships, won the bronze medal at the 1991 Summer Universiade and finished seventh at the 1994 European Indoor Championships.
She competed in 100 metres hurdles at the 1993 World Championships without advancing to the final round.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9893531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893531" title="Home Counties Brigade">
Home Counties Brigade

The Home Counties Brigade was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1948 to 1968. The Brigade administered the regular infantry battalions of the Home Counties of south east England.
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot C at Howe Barracks in Canterbury was the headquarters for the seven county regiments of the City and County of London, Kent, Middlesex, Surrey and Sussex. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Home Counties Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The Home Counties Brigade was formally formed on July 14, 1948, combining the depots of the following regiments:
Under the Defence Review announced in July, 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised: On April 1, 1958 the Royal Fusiliers were transferred to a newly created Fusilier Brigade, and over the next three years the remaining six regiments were reduced to four by amalgamation.
From 1958 all regiments in the Brigade adopted a common cap badge and brigade buttons, depicting an upright sword within a Saxon crown. The individual battalions were henceforth being distinguished by their collar badges. By 1961 the four regiments in the brigade were:
On December 31, 1966 the four regiments of the Home Counties Brigade were merged to become a new "large regiment": The Queen's Regiment, with the four regular battalions redesignated as the 1st to 4th Battalions of the new regiment.
On July 1, 1968 the Home Counties Brigade was united with the Fusilier and East Anglian Brigades, to form the Queen's Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9893534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893534" title="Sailing Directions">
Sailing Directions

Sailing Directions is a 42-volume American navigation publication published by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). "Sailing Directions" consists of 37 Enroute volumes, 4 Planning Guide volumes, and 1 volume combining both types. Planning Guides describe general features of ocean basins and country-specific information such as firing areas, pilotage requirements, regulations, search and rescue information, ship reporting systems, and time zones, to name a few; Enroutes describe features of coastlines, ports, and harbors.
"Sailing Directions" are updated when new data requires extensive revision of an existing text. These data are obtained from several sources, including, but not limited to, pilots and "Sailing Directions" from other countries.
One book comprises the "Planning Guide and for Antarctica". This consolidation allows for a more effective presentation of material on this unique area.
"Sailing Directions (Planning Guide)" and "Sailing Directions (Enroute)" are frequently updated. In early 2005, NGA discontinued production of these publications in printed form; subsequent editions were distributed in digital form only. Between editions, Sailing Directions are corrected via a binary patch process referred to as Publication Data Update (PDU).
Figure 1 shows an overview of Sailing Directions coverage.
"Sailing Directions" (Planning Guide).
"Planning Guide" volumes assist the navigator in planning an extensive oceanic voyage, as well as giving information on individual countries that is applicable to all ports in those countries. Each of the "Planning Guides" covers an area determined by an arbitrary division of the world's seas.
Individual "Planning Guides" are divided into Countries and Ocean Basins, as follows:
Country entries may contain information on the following subjects—Buoyage Systems, Currency, Firing Areas, Fishing Areas, Government, Holidays, Ice, Industries, Languages, Mined Areas, Navigational Information (to include maritime claims, maritime boundary disputes, and enroute volumes), Offshore Drilling, Pilotage, Pollution, Prohibited Areas, Regulations, Restricted Areas, Search and Rescue, Signals, Submarine Operating Areas, Time Zone, Traffic Separation Schemes, U.S. Embassy, and Vessel Traffic Services. Information that cannot be accurately depicted within the alphabeticized Country text may be listed as an Appendix at the end of the Country text.
Ocean Basin entries may contain information on the following subjects—Climatology, Currents, Fishing Areas, Geophysical Features, Ice, Ionospheric Disturbance, Magnetic Field, Meteoroloy, Mined Areas, Navigational Information, Optical Phenomenon, Pilotage, Pollution, Regulations, Routes, Seas, Ship Reporting Systems, Tides, and Surface Temperatures.
"Sailing Directions (Enroute)".
Each "Enroute" volume contains numbered Sectors along a coast or through a strait. Each Sector is discussed in turn. A preface with detailed information about authorities, references, and conventions used in each book precedes the Sector discussions. A table showing conversions between feet, fathoms, and meters is provided. Finally, each volume provides a list of commonly used abbreviations that may be found in the text.
The Chart Information Graphic, the first item in each Sector, is a graphic key for charts pertaining to a Sector. The graduation of the border scale of the chartlet enables navigators to identify the largest scale chart for a location and to find a feature listed in the Index-Gazetteer.
A foreign terms glossary and a comprehensive Index-Gazetteer follow the Sector discussions.
The Index-Gazetteer is an alphabetical listing of described and charted features. The Index-Gazetteer lists each feature by geographic coordinates and Sector-paragraph number.
Source.
The text of this article originated from sections 402 to 404 of The American Practical Navigator, a document produced by the government of the United States of America and amended by Marine Analysts at the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="9893551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893551" title="BrettspielWelt">
BrettspielWelt

BrettspielWelt (often abbreviated BSW) is a large, popular, and free German online gaming site. Its name translates as "Boardgame World." It contains online versions of over 70 popular classical and modern board games and card games, such as Backgammon, Bluff, Carcassonne, Can't Stop, Go, Settlers of Catan, and Tichu.
A Java-enabled browser is required to play, and registering with the site is not required (though recommended, as many players will not play with unregistered users). All major aspects of the Java client, games and website are also available in English. The site is independent and free from advertising, except for indirectly advertising the games themselves. As a result of the site's popularity, some board game publishers have presented new board games on BrettspielWelt before they are first published. 
All players begin (by default) in the game manager, which is used by players from many countries. New players having difficulty getting started can introduce themselves to one of the English-speaking communities for advice and help. BSW offers a system for implementing translations.
History.
BrettspielWelt started in 1998 as a project by Alexander Zbiek to play board games with his friends over the internet. The first version ran on a workstation in the Leibniz computing centre in Munich. Zbiek then teamed up with Regina Michl, Tobias Lang and Sebastian Mellin. After making the program more stable and expandable, it was released to the public in 2000.
Community.
BrettspielWelt has an optional meta-game for its members, in which each game played earns experience points, credits and resources for the player. The metagame facilitates the building of smaller communities, set up as towns, in which players can meet, chat and play. As a player increases in rank and their virtual wealth increases, they may build a virtual home in the online "world" that includes games that earn credits and resources for the community.
There is a large contingent of English BrettspielWelt players, and several towns aimed primarily at English speakers. These include Concordia, EnglishTown, Smallville, BurgundyRidge, and The.Great.White.North (primarily aimed at Canadians), as well as the multilingual Emerald.City, Whitechapel and PiratesCove. There are also a ChinaTown for Chinese players, Japanese-Isle and Samurai-Village for Japanese, KoreaTown for Koreans and LionRock for Hong Kong players. Other European language groups include DeLageLanden for Dutch and CarcassonnePlage for French players.
Games.
The games available on BrettspielWelt are, for the most part, German-style board games, with a few notable exceptions (Tichu, Go, Can’t Stop). 
Some of the more notable games available are several Spiel des Jahres winners: 
And Deutscher Spiele Preis winners: 
Awards.
BrettspielWelt was nominated for a Webby Award in 2004. It won the People's Voice Award for best Game site.

</doc>
<doc id="9893554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893554" title="Apethorpe Hall">
Apethorpe Hall

Apethorpe Hall in Apethorpe, Northamptonshire, England is a Grade I listed country house, dating back to the 15th century. 
The house is built around three courtyards lying on an east-west axis and is approximately by in area. It is acknowledged as one of the finest Jacobean houses in England, and was the main seat of the Fane family, Earls of Westmorland.
In its prime the hall entertained Elizabeth I, James I and Charles I who among them made some thirteen visits to the house.
History.
In May 1231 Henry III granted the manor of Apethorpe to Ralph le Breton; however on 21 June 1232 the manor was taken back into the King's hands.
In the 15th century the manor was owned by Guy Wolston, esquire, who on 16 April 1487 granted his manor of Apethorpe, his manor of Hall in Wollaston, Northamptonshire, and other lands to Sir John Browne, John Fineux and Robert Rede, serjeants at law, John Mathew, John Tate, alderman of London, and others. Apethorpe later passed to Wolston's son-in-law Thomas Empson. In 1515 Audrey, daughter of Sir Guy Wolston and wife of Thomas Empson, eldest son and heir of Sir Richard Empson, is said to have released Hall Manor to Richard Fitzwilliam of Milton, a younger son of Sir William Fitzwilliam. In 1515 Apethorpe manor and hall were purchased by a London grocer, Henry Keble, grandfather of Lord Mountjoy, who sold them to Henry VIII.
For a short time Apethorpe was the property of Princess Elizabeth. In April 1551 Sir Walter Mildmay acquired it from Edward VI in exchange for property in Gloucestershire and Berkshire. Queen Elizabeth dined with Mildmay at Apethorpe on her summer progress in 1566. He added little to the hall apart from a stone chimney-piece in 1562, and after his death it was inherited by his eldest son Sir Anthony Mildmay (c.1549–1617), from whom it passed to his daughter Mary (1581/2–1640) and her husband, Sir Francis Fane (1617), later Earl of Westmorland. Apethorpe remained in the Fane family for many years. However, the 12th Earl and his son, the 13th Earl, came into financial difficulties and, in 1904, the family seat was sold to Henry Brassey, later Lord Brassey of Apethorpe.
After World War II much of the adjoining parkland was sold and the house became an approved school. In 1982 the school closed down and in 1983 the building was sold to a Libyan businessman, Wanis Mohamed Burweila, for £750,000. Burweila, who made his money in electronics, wanted to found Britain's first Libyan University in the cloisters and courtyards of Apethorpe. The shooting of WPC Yvonne Fletcher at the Libyan embassy siege in 1984 put paid to these plans, however, and, along with much of Britain's immigrant Libyan community, Mr Burweila left the country.
Burweila left the building vacant leading to its deterioration; this in turn led to him, in 2001, being served a Statutory Repairs Notice, which is an order from the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, requiring him to undertake certain urgent works to ensure the future of the building. In order to avoid doing this, Burweila sold the property to a developer called Kestral Armana Ltd, (subsequently renamed Apethorpe Country Estate Ltd (ACEL)).
The hall was empty for twenty years from the late 1970s and was becoming dangerously unsafe, with incipient damp and rot. When English Heritage started its Buildings at Risk Register in 1998, the hall was included on it. In September 2004 the Hall was compulsorily purchased by the British Government under section 47 of the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990 (only the second time the Government has had to use these powers) and English Heritage has spent £4 million refurbishing it to make it waterproof; Stamford restoration and conservation builders, E. Bowman & Sons Ltd, carried out the works. Since 2007 it has been seeking a buyer willing to spend a further £4 million to complete the restoration, without success, as of Spring 2011. In 2008, the asking price was between £4.5 and £5m. In 2011, the house is open to the public for pre-booked guided tours on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays from 1 June to 30 September. On 28 May 2012, it was reported by the Daily Mail that the asking price for the property had been reduced to £ 2.5m.
Film location.
The house has been used for filming scenes in "Another Country" and "Porterhouse Blue".
The restoration and attempts to sell the property were the subject of a fly on the wall documentary first shown on BBC Two in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9893562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893562" title="Safe Sex (film)">
Safe Sex (film)

Safe Sex is a 1999 comedy film by Michalis Reppas and Thanasis Papathanasiou. It was a blockbuster in Greece.
Plot.
The film features an ensemble cast of Greek actors portraying various characters, each living his own story in modern Greece. Almost everyone of the protagonists is interrelated to each other, and all live their own parallel stories which often converge at several points. Several professional actors appear briefly or in non-speaking cameo roles. 
As a result, there is no central plot or prominent protagonist who may be singled out. The major theme of the movie is sex and each character's approach to it, portrayed in a comedic way.

</doc>
<doc id="9893588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893588" title="Zhu Yuqing">
Zhu Yuqing

Zhu Yuqing (born 22 April 1963) is a retired Chinese heptathlete.
She finished eighth at the 1987 World Championships and twelfth at the 1991 World Championships. On the regional level she won the 1986 Asian Games and the 1991 Asian Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9893610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893610" title="List of geometrid genera">
List of geometrid genera

The very large moth family Geometridae contains the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="9893623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893623" title="B. W. Harris Episcopal High School">
B. W. Harris Episcopal High School

B.W. Harris Episcopal High School is a religious secondary school in Monrovia, Liberia. It operates under the Episcopal Diocese of Liberia of the Church of the Province of West Africa.
History.
In 1954, Bishop Bravid Washington Harris of the Episcopal Church in New York sent Dr. Joseph G. Moore to Liberia to evaluate the work of the Episcopal Church there. Dr. Moore came to the conclusion that the Trinity Parish Day elementary school and St. Thomas Parish Day secondary school should be consolidated and the programs enriched to better prepare Liberian students for higher and professional vocation at the university level. The Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA) provided the initial funds to facilitate the consolidation and training. Most of the teaching staffs for both schools were retained and the transition continued throughout the 1950s. 
B.W. Harris Episcopal Elementary and Junior High School officially opened on June 29, 1960 under the leadership of Mr. Emmanuel W. Johnson. There were then a total of 250 students in classes through eighth grade. An additional grade was added every year. The school's first graduating class consisted of 6 students in 1966.
St. Thomas Church pulled out of the consolidated system in 1964, but the school continued to grow. An annex building accommodating the science laboratory, library and other facilities was constructed in 1965, funded by a donation of $65,000 from the Episcopal Church Women (ECW) in the United States. The school's largely stable Board of Trustees saw dissolution in 1985 and a new board installed in 1986.
In 1990, the First Liberian Civil War forced the school to close. Many of the buildings survived but a significant portion of the school's infrastructure was looted. The school reopened in 1993 under principal Reverend Father Dee Wellington Bright offering classes to grades 1-9 and the school obtained a hundred percent pass in the grade 9 National Exams in that year. The kindergarten division was rehabilitated in 1994, as was the grade 10 with additional grades added each subsequent year.
The school was forced to close down again in 1996 due to the April war in Monrovia, when looting again made away with many school materials. A tutorial program was run in August 1997 and regular classes resumed for the 1997-1998 academic year. In December 1997, Mrs. Gertrude Findley was appointed as Principal. The first class of 33 post-war graduates was produced in June 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="9893635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893635" title="Pan Samochodzik">
Pan Samochodzik

Pan Samochodzik (Polish for "Mister Automobile", also known as Tomasz N.N.) is a fictional art historian, journalist, renowned adventurer and historical detective (compared with Robert Langdon, Dirk Pitt and Indiana Jones) created by Polish writer Zbigniew Nienacki. He is a main character in a series of adventures centering around historical mysteries and treasures. As a museum and government employee, Pan Samochodzik not only has to discover treasures, but protect them from thieves. His nickname comes from his fantastic (heavily customized) automobile.
Characters.
Pan Samochodzik.
Pan Samochodzik, a.k.a. Tomasz N.N., is an employee of the fictional "Department of Artifact Protection" in the Polish Ministry of Culture and Art. He is a special envoy with extensive knowledge in the areas of history, riddle-solving, finding treasures and protecting them from thieves. As such, he is sometimes called a Polish version of Robert Langdon, Dirk Pitt or Indiana Jones. He is also a chain smoker.
His nickname, Pan Samochodzik (Polish for "Mr. Automobile"; French (this version also appeared in one of the books): "Monsieur La Bangnolette"), comes from his unique vehicle: a heavily modified by his uncle Ferrari 410 SuperAmerica (a wreck after a serious car crash on the way to Zakopane; the only thing that remained functional was the engine - Mr Automobile's uncle bought it and installed in his self-constructed vehicle). The car can reach a very high speed and is capable of traversing water and difficult terrain. Many people perceived this vehicle as ugly because of its dubledore-like design.
His other name, Tomasz N.N., comes from the author's real name, Zbigniew Tomasz Nowicki, the second "N" representing his adopted surname, Nienacki.
Allies.
Pan Samochodzik is sometimes accompanied by youngsters — often Polish Boy Scouts.
Novels written by authors other than Nienacki also feature Paweł Daniec, a young art historian, ex-commando and sidekick of Samochodzik.
Villains.
Pan Samochodzik's nemesis is Waldemar Batura, former art historian, smuggler and thief.
Novels written by authors other than Nienacki feature Jerzy Batura, new villain, son and successor of Waldemar.
Novels.
Original Nienacki novels.
"Note: The dates of the following novels may be inaccurate, as some of them may have been published in a different order than they were written."
In the first three novels ("Pozwolenie na przywóz lwa", '"Skarb Atanaryka" and "Uroczysko"), Pan Samochodzik is a journalist, not a government employee. In the 1990s, Nienacki rewrote those three books so they would be consistent with the series. The books were released by various publishers, and it was not until 1987 that a single publisher (Pojezierze) decided to rerelease the series in one graphical design.
Novels by other authors.
After Nienacki's death in 1994, his publishers (Warmia) received permission from his estate to continue the series. The new novels take place in post-communist Poland, introduce two new main characters (the sidekick Paweł Daniec and villain Jerzy Batura), and in the newest book, replace the old vehicle with a new, jeep-based, variant.
Crossovers.
"Pan Samochodzik" has crossovers with "Jakub Wędrowycz" and protagonists of "Kuzynki" series, both written by Andrzej Pilipiuk.

</doc>
<doc id="9893651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893651" title="Adamae Vaughn">
Adamae Vaughn

Adamae Vaughn (November 8, 1905 – September 11, 1943), also billed as Ada Mae Vaughn, was a movie actress, born in Ashland, Kentucky. Her sister was film actress Alberta Vaughn. Adamae was at first Alberta's manager and chaperone. The studio needed a brunette and Adamae, a blonde, sent her sister.
Actress.
Vaughn was named a WAMPAS Baby Star of 1927. She was in nine movies between 1921 and 1936, including "The Courtship of Miles Standish" (1923) and "The Last Edition" (1925). "Dancing Sweeties" (1930) was produced by First National Pictures and Vitaphone, and featured Sue Carol and Grant Withers. Vaughn played "Emma O'Neil". 
In September 1929, she was a member of a Warner Brothers review featuring sisters who were actresses. Together with Alberta, she was featured with Dolores Costello, Helene Costello, Shirley Mason, Viola Dana, Loretta Young, Sally Blane, and others.
Marriage.
She married Albert R. Hindman, a Los Angeles, California businessman, in May 1926. They divorced in October 1927. 
In June 1934, Vaughn wed Hollywood automobile executive Joseph Valentine Roul Fleur D'Anvray. He was also known as Viscount D'Anvray and came from a noble family in Anvray, France. He was a French author and a representative of General Motors in Europe. After their marriage, Vaughn accompanied her husband to live in France.
Death.
Vaughn died at Hollywood Hospital in Studio City, California in 1943, aged 37, from undisclosed causes.

</doc>
<doc id="9893653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893653" title="Petra Văideanu">
Petra Văideanu

Petra Văideanu (née Mihalache; born August 24, 1965) is a retired Romanian heptathlete.
She finished 22nd at the 1991 World Championships, second at the 1992 European Indoor Championships, sixth at the 1993 World Indoor Championships, twelfth at the 1993 World Championships and eighth at the 1994 European Indoor Championships.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9893654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893654" title="Holly Beach City, New Jersey">
Holly Beach City, New Jersey

Holly Beach City was a borough that existed in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States, from 1885 to 1912.
The municipality was first formed as Holly Beach, which was incorporated as a borough by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 14, 1885, from portions of Lower Township, based on the results of a referendum held on March 31, 1885. The borough was reincorporated on April 1, 1890, based on a referendum held the previous day.
The borough was reincorporated as Holly Beach City on May 4, 1897.
On January 1, 1912, the area was included as part of the newly created Wildwood city, and the borough was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9893655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893655" title="Fusilier Brigade">
Fusilier Brigade

The Fusilier Brigade was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1958 to 1968. The Brigade combined the depots of the English infantry regiments designated as fusiliers. 
The Brigade was created as part of the 1957 Defence White Paper announced in July 1957. It was formed on April 1, 1958, when the three fusilier regiments were transferred from existing regional brigades:
The three regiments adopted common cap and collar badges consisting of a fired grenade bearing Saint George and the dragon within a laurel wreath beneath a crown. The grenade was a badge common to all fusilier regiments, while the other elements were each taken from the cap badges of the three regiments. The regiments were distinguished by a coloured feather hackle worn behind the badge in some forms of head dress: red and white (Royal Northumberland Fusiliers), white (Royal Fusiliers), or primrose yellow (Lancashire Fusiliers) respectively. From 1960 the Fusilier Brigade was based at St George's Barracks in Sutton Coldfield.
In 1962 the Forester Brigade was dissolved and The Royal Warwickshire Regiment was transferred to the Fusilier Brigade, being retitled The Royal Warwickshire Fusiliers in the following year, and adopting a hackle in the regimental colours of orange and royal blue. A new button was designed for the Brigade in 1963, bearing the ancient antelope badge of the Royal Warwickshires within The Garter.
On April 23, 1968, (St George's Day) all four regiments were amalgamated into the single "large regiment" The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers. The RRF continues to wear the Fusilier Brigade badges and buttons, with the red over white hackle of the Northumberland Fusiliers. 
On July 1, 1968 the Fusilier Brigade was united with the Home Counties and East Anglian Brigades, to form the Queen's Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9893670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893670" title="Bruce Barrymore Halpenny">
Bruce Barrymore Halpenny

Bruce Barrymore Halpenny is a widely respected English military historian and author, specialising in airfields and aircraft, as well as ghost stories and mysteries. He is also a broadcaster and games inventor.
Parents.
Halpenny's father was a Canadian First World War soldier who fought at Vimy Ridge, and his mother a British First World War munitions worker from Lincolnshire. Bruce is from Lincolnshire, England.
Military career.
Halpenny served in the Royal Air Force Police in specialist units, often overseas, but after being wounded, and instead of coming out of the RAF, he moved across to the RAF Police (RAFPD) on Special Security Duties (Atomic & Chemical Weapons) SS, and was part of a special RAF military police unit on Special Duties and in the Nuclear Division, that was responsible for the protection of the nuclear weapons that the V bombers were to use in time of war.
Literary career.
In the 1950s whilst in the RAF he was wounded and had to undergo several operations, in which his life was in the balance as dedicated surgeons fought to not only save his hand and arm, but also his life. In rehabilitation he started writing and research as a hobby, and though he stayed in the RAF and was to serve on Special Duties and in the Nuclear Division, his hobby turned into a profession in later years after leaving the forces.
Early years.
In the early period of his writing career he started out by writing love stories and cowboy stories for the American market under pen names. Then because of his specialist knowledge of the Royal Air Force, he focused on military history, especially RAF History of World War Two, often with deep insights, facts and personal human interest stories. At one time he was writing articles for up to 14 military journals around the world when he was approached by the publishers Patrick Stephens to do the Airfield books due to his vast knowledge and authority.
Military history.
When he researched the British RAF airfield histories, particularly those of London, Yorkshire and Lincolnshire Halpenny found that public records held very little, if any, information at all, so he had to do all the research himself going back to the very beginning. This helped to unearth a rich source of information, which others have since used, but set Bruce Halpenny as an undisputed RAF expert. For his research on the airfields, Halpenny interviewed 1,400 people, researched records and letters and travelled thousands of miles. Such was Halpenny’s dedication to the history of the Airfields that he visited each and every airfield, (some of which he had prior knowledge of from his military days), to ensure accuracy.
His books quickly became essential reference books for all aviation historians. Virtually all of the information was new, in the sense that it hadn’t appeared in the dozens of books which had been written about the RAF, new too were the many photographs that were just a selection of the thousands he collected and commissioned. Such were his photographs and uniqueness, and the way that he used them, that in the opening chapters of his book "Action Stations 2 Wartime Military Airfields of Lincolnshire and the East Midlands", were a selection of control tower photos – this was the first time this had been done in any book.
He has also written various military themed books from such as "English Electrical/BAC Lightning" to Wartime Poems. The aircraft he has specialised in are the British Jets, English Electric Lightning, English Electric Canberra and Avro Vulcan.
Ghosts and mysteries.
Halpenny had been writing ghost stories in the 1960s, and encountering ghost stories in his exhaustive research into airfield histories, when in 1984 he decided they should form the subject of a special book, and so started to add to, and research his "ghost-mystery" files about abandoned airfields that murmur and whisper with ghosts. Bruce Halpenny had by 1984 become acknowledged as not only a respected British military historian, expert in Airfield histories, but also the expert in RAF Ghosts, especially surrounding Airfields. Ghost Stations was born, and in 1986 the first book was published and proved a best seller as it recounts how "headless airmen and other spectres have appeared in control towers and other Service buildings throughout the country".
Such was demand that a second book entitled, "Aaargh!" was published with over 30 stories, one of which was "The eerie mystery of Lightning 894". Aaargh!, was later to become Ghost Stations 2 as more books later followed over the years and became the cult series of "Ghost Stations" books.
Halpenny's unique knowledge and position means he is also known for accessing and finding information generally closed to the general public and media, especially MoD material concerning UFO's.
Halpenny has always maintained that all airfields are haunted. Over the years he had uncovered a wealth of material about ghostly experiences on wartime airfields. "The evidence of ghosts keeps popping up and is so rich that it cannot be ignored," he said and he has little doubt why airfields are such a magnet for ghosts, "You have to remember that 55,000 men of Bomber Command died while operating from Britain in World War Two, and almost all of them met a violent end, so it isn't surprising that dozens of earthbound spirits have been left behind."
Games inventor.
Halpenny is also a games inventor and created The Great Train Robbery Board Game in the 1970s. It was used as a prize on shows such as Tiswas and Crackerjack.
Charities, causes and animal rights.
Halpenny has always been vocal in his campaigns for numerous organisations and causes, especially concerning veterans, war widows, wounded and invalided servicemen & women. He has also helped schools and children's charities such as Mencap, in campaigning and highlighting issues, and even in one case when he donated a vintage bottle of wine to help raise funds. The bottle was unique in that it was the last bottle remaining after the Nazis had plundered the cellars of families living in an Italian Abruzzo village in World War II. The author's uncle was a Canadian tank commander whose tank was the first to liberate the village and was also the first tank to enter Ortona in the Battle of Ortona. The bottle was given to the author, as he lived in Abruzzo and his research work had taken to that area. Halpenny said on donating the bottle:
He has also long campaigned for the Government to do their part and preserve a 1939-45 War airfield in its original condition to let future generations see how the RAF operated during those dark days.
He has also long been a supporter for animal welfare, especially dogs and wolves and is the president of the Wolf Preservation Foundation.
Family.
Bruce and his wife, equestrian writer and horsewoman, Marion Rose Halpenny, have a son, Baron Barrymore Halpenny, a commercial artist.

</doc>
<doc id="9893679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893679" title="Ifeoma Ozoeze">
Ifeoma Ozoeze

Ifeoma Ozoeze (born 13 August 1971) is a retired Italian heptathlete.
Biography.
She finished fifteenth at the 1991 World Championships and eighth at the 1992 European Indoor Championships.
National championships.
Ifeoma Ozoeze has won one time the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9893681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893681" title="List of tallest buildings in Israel">
List of tallest buildings in Israel

This list of the tallest buildings and structures in Israel ranks skyscrapers and towers in Israel by height. The majority of the buildings listed are in Tel Aviv, the second largest city in Israel, which has seen a dramatic increase in high rise architecture in the past two decades due to soaring real estate value. For a listing of the tallest buildings in Tel Aviv alone, see list of tallest buildings in Tel Aviv. 
This list contains all completed and topped out high-rise buildings located within Israel that are over 100 m (328 ft) in height. The list is sorted by official height; where two or more structures share the same height, equal ranking is given and the structures are then listed in floors order. If the height and the floors are the same, the structures are then listed in alphabetical order.
Tallest buildings in Israel.
Tallest by usage.
The list belows shows the tallest building by their usage. Notice that the tallest buildings in the list are considered only if all the tower is for the following usage, buildings with multiple usages aren't considered.
Tallest structures.
The following is a list of all structures in Israel with a height greater than 100 m. A structure differs from a high-rise by its lack of floors and habitability.

</doc>
<doc id="9893686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893686" title="Prioksky City District">
Prioksky City District

Prioksky City District () is one of the eight districts of the city of Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. It is located in the upper part of the city on the high right bank of the Oka River and has a land border only with Sovetsky City District along Meditsinskaya Street. It is also connected by the Myza Bridge with Avtozavodsky City District in the lower part of Nizhny Novgorod across the Oka. Population: 
The district local government headquarters are located in the district center on 40 Let Oktyabrya Street.
The district is essentially residential but it has some industrial enterprises. The latter include radio, electric, and electronics state-owned Frunze Plant as well as JSC Thermal and NITEL, which are in the same line of business. A number of scientific institutions are also located in the district. Their scope of interests are also connected with telecommunications and radar applications. A lot of small private-owned enterprises offer the service and employment opportunities for the residents of the district and the entire city.
Transportation.
The main north-south transportation line of the district is Gagarin Avenue, which forks into Arzamas and Bogorodsk roads after crossing the city border. The southern section of this road is now known as Sakharov Avenue. The main east-west roadway through the district is formed by the Myza Bridge across the Oka and Larin Street; this in fact is a part of transit federal motorway M7 from Moscow to Kazan. It also provides the shortest and fastest way to drive into Kstovo and points east throughout Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
The public transportation in Prioksky City District includes regional city bus routes, municipal trolleybus routes, municipal tram routes, and many privately owned "marshrutka" ("fixed-route taxis") vans. There are Myza commuter train rail station and Shcherbinki bus station for interurban transportation.
Sights and culture.
The culture institutions include three movie theaters, one of which is specialized for children, a large "Switzerland" park and Shchyolokovsky Khutor forest, attractive places to rest, and the District history museum nearby of the authorities headquarters. There are two monuments in the "Switzerland" park, dedicated to memory of fallen Russian soldiers in a local armed conflicts and to participants of workers' movement in the early 20th century.
The Nizhny Novgorod Andrey Sakharov Museum is located in the apartment in the Shcherbinki neighborhood where the scientist had to live in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="9893687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893687" title="O Drakos">
O Drakos

O Drakos (; English: "The Ogre of Athens" or "The Dragon" or "The fiend of Athens") is a Greek black-and-white film, produced in 1956, directed by Nikos Koundouros. It won the award for best movie 1955–1959 in the first Thessaloniki Film Festival. It also took part in the Venice Film Festival.
At the 2006 International Thessaloniki Film Festival, the film was announced as among the 10 all-time best Greek films by the PHUCC (Pan-Hellenic Union of Cinema Critics).
Synopsis.
A simple man realizes that he looks like a criminal named "Drakos". The police are after him and he hides in a night club. Day by day, he identifies himself with "Drakos".
Trivia.
The movie is mentioned (and plays an important role) in Jonathan Franzen's novel "Freedom", with the title "The Fiend of Athens".

</doc>
<doc id="9893695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893695" title="Notice to mariners">
Notice to mariners

A notice to mariners advises mariners of important matters affecting navigational safety, including new hydrographic information, changes in channels and aids to navigation, and other important data.
Over 60 countries which produce nautical charts also
produce a notice to mariners. About one third of these are
weekly, another third are bi-monthly or monthly, and the
rest irregularly issued according to need. For example, the United Kingdom Hydrographic Office issues weekly updates.
United States.
The U.S. "Notice to Mariners" made available weekly by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), prepared jointly with the National Ocean Service (NOS) and the U.S. Coast Guard. The information in the "Notice to Mariners" is formatted to simplify the correction of paper charts, Sailing Directions, Light Lists, and other publications produced by NGA, NOS, and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Information for the "Notice to Mariners" is contributed
by: the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (Department of Defense) for waters
outside the territorial limits of the United States; National
Ocean Service (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,
Department of Commerce), which is charged
with surveying and charting the coasts and harbors of the
United States and its territories; the U.S. Coast Guard (Department of Homeland Security) which is responsible for the safety of life at sea and the establishment and operation of aids to navigation; and the Army Corps of Engineers (Department of Defense), which is charged with the
improvement of rivers and harbors of the United States. In
addition, important contributions are made by foreign hydrographic
offices and cooperating observers of all
nationalities.
The Notice consists of a page of Hydrograms listing
important items in the notice, a chart correction
section organized by ascending chart number, a publications
correction section, and a summary of broadcast
navigation warnings and miscellaneous information. It is the responsibility of users to decide which of their
charts and publications require correction.
Mariners are requested to cooperate in the correction of
charts and publications by reporting all discrepancies between
published information and conditions actually
observed and by recommending appropriate improvements. A reporting form is provided in the back of each
"Notice to Mariners".
Number 1 of each year contains important
information on a variety of subjects which supplements
information not usually found on charts and in navigational
publications. This information is published as Special Notice
to Mariners Paragraphs. Additional items considered
of interest to the mariner are also included in this Notice.
Much of the data
in the U.S. "Notice to Mariners" is obtained from foreign
notices.
Canada.
In Canada, the Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) Notice to Mariners publication informs mariners of important navigational safety matters affecting Canadian Waters. This electronic publication is published on a monthly basis and can be downloaded from the Notices to Mariners (NOTMAR) Web site. The information in the Notice to Mariners is formatted to simplify the correction of paper charts and navigational publications.
The NOTMAR.gc.ca site is a free 24/7 service providing mariners with up-to-date safety advisories. It provides mariners with a quick and easy to use interface to access Notices to Mariners information. This system also generates weekly and monthly notification mailers, for its registered users. These on-line mail services provides the monthly Notices to Mariners publications as well as the weekly(section II - chart corrections) notices that advise the mariner of the notices that have been issued against their chart selections. These mail services simplify the process for our registered clients to update their publications and charts as required under the Canada Shipping Act. 
The NOTMAR web site also includes the historical Chart corrections and historical Sailing Direction corrections; as well, it provides access to downloadable Chart Patches, contains links to CHS’s Chart Number 1, instructions for applying Notices to mariners to manually update your paper charts and other useful information.
Summary of Corrections.
A close companion to the "Notice to Mariners" is the Summary of Corrections. The "Summary" is published in five volumes. Each volume covers a major portion of the earth including several chart regions and many subregions. Volume 5 also includes special charts and publications corrected
by the "Notice to Mariners". Since the Summaries contain cumulative corrections, any chart, regardless of its print date, can be corrected with the proper volume of the Summary and all subsequent "Notice to Mariners".
Source.
The text of this article originated from sections 418 and 419 of The American Practical Navigator, a document produced by the government of the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="9893699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893699" title="Bienvenido Fabian">
Bienvenido Fabian

Bienvenido Fabian was a composer from the Dominican Republic during the era of the dictator Rafael Trujillo. 
Don Fabian composed famous ballads and Afro-Cuban music such as "Dos Alma" and "Tuya, Y Mas Que Tuya" made famous by the combo orchestra La Sonora Matancera and Celia Cruz throughout the 1950s and 1970s. Many compare the collaboration of the group La Sonora Matancera & Celia Cruz with Fabian to the likes of the Duke Ellington Orchestra.
Discography.
Fabian's compositions appear in albums such as.
Boogaloo Combo - Com Muito Ritmo (1972)
La Sonora Matancera
Sources.
Biblioteca Nacional de Espana

</doc>
<doc id="9893725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893725" title="JW-Jones">
JW-Jones

JW-Jones (born July 15, 1980, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian blues guitarist, singer, songwriter, and band leader. Based in Ottawa, Jones was the first artist signed to the NorthernBlues Music label in Toronto, Canada, and released his first six recordings with the label. He still records for CrossCut Records in Europe, and has previously worked with Ruf Records in the USA. In the last decade, he has released seven albums and played in 19 countries, four continents, and continues to tour extensively. Jones, who lives in Ottawa, Ontario, has performed at blues festivals, theatres and clubs in Canada, the USA, Europe, Russia, Australia, and Brazil.
Critical response.
In May 2009, Jones' song "Parasomnia" appeared on a "Guitar World" featured CD, "Guitar Masters Vol. 2," among B.B. King, Jimmy Page, Jeff Beck, and Carlos Santana. The Canadian national newspaper "Globe and Mail" referred to Jones as "one of this country's top blues guitar stars". The US "Blues Revue Magazine" stated that "Jones' style is a fluid amalgam of T-Bone Walker's big, bright chords, Johnny "Guitar" Watson's slashing leads, and Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown's jazzy sting". "Billboard" called Jones part of "a new wave of young talent moving onto Canada’s blues stage."
Charlie Musselwhite stated that "JW Jones is one of the best guitar players I’ve heard in a long time. He and his band do great tunes with cool arrangements and I love listening to them. They play with taste and fire at the same time." Guitarist Little Charlie Baty has stated that "JW is one of the young guns in the blues guitar world who consistently delivers the goods on record and on stage - and of course I'm gonna dig anybody who writes a tune called 'Batyology'!" (an instrumental that Jones wrote in homage to Baty). Canadian-born Hollywood actor Dan Aykroyd, who is also known for his "Blues Brothers" persona "Elwood Blues" has called the group an "amazing blues band".
Constantly on the road, Jones is known as Canada's top touring blues act, in terms of widespread touring to 19 countries and four continents. No other Canadian blues band currently has this level of international touring.
Career.
Late 1990s.
Jones, who attended Ridgemont High School in Ottawa, Ontario, won the 1998 R&R Concerts "Battle of the Bands", at the age of eighteen. The prize package included studio time that was used to record a six song demo that was later reviewed by "Blues Revue". The next year, Jones won the 1999 Ottawa Blues Guitar Riff-Off competition. The prize package included studio time that was used to record his debut album "Defibrillatin" (SBR001-2000 / NBM0001-2001). The debut album included Steve Marriner, a then-high-school-age Ottawa blues harp player. AllMusic states that the "Keyboardist organ and piano is credited with bringing a jazz influence to Jones' and the band's sound" during that time period. The CD liner notes state that Steve Hiscox played drums on the album.
2000-2009.
In the 2000s, Jones has been invited to perform onstage with a number of blues bands and artists, including The Fabulous Thunderbirds, Junior Watson, Little Charlie & the Nightcats, Rusty Zinn, Rick Holmstrom, Rod Piazza & The Mighty Flyers, Anson Funderburgh & The Rockets, The Mannish Boys, and Hubert Sumlin. Jones' second album was "Bogart's Bounce", which included performances by singer/blues "harp" player Kim Wilson (from The Fabulous Thunderbirds) and pianist Gene Taylor (from The Blasters).
His third album with his band, "My Kind Of Evil" (2004), was produced by multi-Grammy nominee Kim Wilson (singer for The Fabulous Thunderbirds), and includes vocals from Canadian singer/guitarist Colin James on two tracks, and Roxanne Potvin on one. Songs from the album have been played internationally syndicated "House of Blues Radio Hour". Music reviewer Brad Wheeler from Canada's "Globe and Mail" newspaper praised the "graceful ability he (Jones) shows on guitar" in the album. Wheeler stated that "...the Ottawa player makes retro moves, layering swinging blues with keyboards and very noticeable horns that never dominate the fine-lined fills and lead work." The Allmusic review of "My Kind of Evil", by Chris Nickson, states that "He's very good on covers, such as “I Don't Know," but his own songs — the vast majority of this disc — have plenty of life."
In 2006, Jones released his fourth album, "Kissing in 29 Days", which included performances by David "Fathead" Newman on tenor sax. Newman was the main saxophone player with Ray Charles for 12 years. In "Blues Revue Magazine" (Apr/May 2006-Issue #99), Bret Kofford's article "The JW-Jones Blues Band - A Rising Star Chases the Sound of Thunder(birds)" stated that "JW-Jones is highly regarded in blues circles."
On May 13, 2008, the fifth album, "Bluelisted" hit stores. The recording features special guests Little Charlie Baty (leader of the band Little Charlie & the Nightcats, which records on Alligator Records), Junior Watson, Richard Innes, and Larry Taylor. The liner notes are written by Hollywood celebrity Dan Aykroyd.
Less than a year after the release of "Bluelisted", on May 6, 2009, Hubert Sumlin (77), a blues guitarist who worked with Howlin' Wolf for over 20 years and was named in the 100 Greatest Guitarists of all time by "Rolling Stone" magazine, recorded with JW-Jones at Sun Studios in Memphis, Tennessee. The rhythm section was Richard Innes and Larry Taylor (who appear on 2008's "Bluelisted"). 
2010-present.
"Midnight Memphis Sun" (NorthernBlues/CrossCut/Ruf) was released on August 10, 2010. In April 2011, Jones landed an endorsement deal with Gibson Guitars. Jones' seventh release, "Seventh Hour" (March 27, 2012), hit #1 on B.B. King's Bluesville on XM Sirius Satellite Radio, and led the band to performing at Buddy Guy's Legends in Chicago (February 2013), and opening for B.B. King at the RBC Ottawa Bluesfest (July 14, 2013).
Jones was asked to co-host the Maple Blues Awards in Toronto on January 20, 2014. In 2014, Jones is recording a new album.

</doc>
<doc id="9893744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893744" title="Eastern Arc Mountains">
Eastern Arc Mountains

The Eastern Arc Mountains are a chain of mountains found in Kenya and Tanzania. The chain runs from northeast to southwest. They are delimited on the southwest by the fault complex represented by the Makambako Gap that separates them from the Kipengere Range. To the northeast, they are delimited by more recent volcanism represented by Mount Kilimanjaro. The range is composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="9893745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893745" title="Habeas Corpus Act 1640">
Habeas Corpus Act 1640

The Habeas Corpus Act 1640 (16 Car 1 c 10) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The Act was passed by the Long Parliament shortly after the impeachment and execution of Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford in 1641 and before the English Civil War. It abolished the Star Chamber. It also declared that anyone imprisoned by order of the king, privy council, or any councillor could apply for a writ of habeas corpus, required that all returns to the writ "certify the true cause" of imprisonment, and clarified that the Court of Common Pleas also had jurisdiction to issue the writ in such cases (prior to which it was argued that only the King's Bench could issue the writ).
The writ was amended by the Habeas Corpus Act 1679.
The words of commencement were repealed by section 1 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.
The whole Act, so far as not otherwise repealed, was repealed by section 8(2) of, and Part I of Schedule 5 to, the Justices of the Peace Act 1968.
Preamble.
In the preamble, the words from "and by another Statute made in the six and thirtieth" to "inrolled in Latine" were repealed by section 1 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.
Section 2.
This section, from "be it" to "enacted" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
Section 4.
This section, from "be it" to "enacted" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
Section 6.
This section, from "be it" to "enacted that" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
This section was repealed by section 8(2) of, and Part II of Schedule 5 to, the Justices of the Peace Act 1968.
Section 7.
In this section, the words "and be it enacted" were repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
Section 8.
This section, from "lastly" to "enacted that" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="9893760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893760" title="Flying chess">
Flying chess

Flying chess is a chess variant, based around a three-dimensional board. It was invented by Dr David Eltis (a noted historian of the Military Revolution) in 1984.
Rules.
The board used for Flying chess is eight by eight by two, giving a 128-cell board. There can either be markers on "flying" pieces or a second board can be used for the upper level. All pieces start the game as per a standard chess game. Most commonly, two adjacent chess boards are used, one representing the top tier, and the other, the bottom tier.
Moves.
Kings, queens, and pawns may not go to the higher level. They move as in standard chess, but can also capture an enemy piece that is flying on the square directly above them.
Rooks are among the three pieces that can "fly". They can move on, to, and from the higher level. A rook can make a normal move on any of the two levels: note that the squares it passes over must be empty on the level he moves in. Additionally, a rook can go up when moving on the ground level by making a normal move and then moving diagonally up in the direction the rook moves. They also can go up directly one level. The only way a rook can go down from the upper to the lower level is to directly move one square down.
Bishops are also among the three pieces that can "fly". A bishop can make a standard move on any of the two levels. It can make a normal move on the higher level and then descend diagonally in the direction of movement, or go up from a ground square to the upper level square directly above it, or go down from an upper level square to the ground square immediately below it.
Knights are the third type of "flying" piece. A knight can either make a normal move in any level, or a knight can move in the upper level combined with a direct descend.
Taking.
All pieces take in the same way as they move. Additionally, each piece can headbutt; when he is in a square on the lower level and a piece of the opponent is in the same square in the upper level, he can take that piece without moving.

</doc>
<doc id="9893777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893777" title="Katzenfurt">
Katzenfurt

Katzenfurt is a local part of Ehringshausen.
The name does not mean Katze (cat), but the name comes from the "Chatten" or "Katten", an ancient Germanic tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="9893783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893783" title="Orchestra of Wolves">
Orchestra of Wolves

Orchestra of Wolves is the debut album by English Hardcore punk band Gallows. Produced by Banks of fellow Hertfordshire band Haunts, released by In at the Deep End Records on 25 September 2006. A limited edition was re-issued in the United Kingdom in June 2007 with a bonus disc featuring live session tracks, two new songs and two covers. It was also re-issued in North America by Epitaph Records on July 10, 2007, with four bonus tracks ("Sick of Feeling Sick", "Black Heart Queen", "Nervous Breakdown", and "Staring at the Rude Bois" (hidden)).
Before the recording of this album began, guitarist Paul Laventure left the band. As a result Laurent Barnard, the band's main songwriter, recorded all of the guitar parts himself.

</doc>
<doc id="9893797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893797" title="Bridge Street Ferry">
Bridge Street Ferry

The Bridge Street Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City, United States, joining James Slip (Manhattan) and Bridge Street (Brooklyn) across the East River.
History.
The ferry was established by the Brooklyn Ferry Company on July 1, 1864, running over a similar route to the old Roosevelt Street Ferry, which ran to Bridge Street until 1859. The route was discontinued in early 1874, due to the failure of a bill to improve Bridge Street.

</doc>
<doc id="9893799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893799" title="Haitian Stock Exchange">
Haitian Stock Exchange

Plans to establish a Haitian Stock Exchange (HSE) were implemented in 2007. The website of the exchange can be found at http://www.haitianstockexchange.com/hsm/index.php. 
The overall aims of the exchange are to encourage the formation of new businesses and the general expansion of the economic sector, to facilitate the flow of capital into Haiti and the growth of per capita income, and to reduce poverty and increase the aggregate level of output, employment and wealth. The main hindrances obstructing the establishment of this exchange are a lack of financial infrastructure to attract capital, insufficient capital investment per worker and the inadequate utilisation of human capital.
The formation of the Haitian Stock exchange has been led by a New York registered trading company called GLTG, which intends to establish a “Societe Anonyme” (equivalent to a PLC) to be named Societte Haitienne de Valeurs Mobilieres and to float it on the HSE. In response, the HSE, according to its website, will endeavour to develop a securities market in Haiti; to organise primary and secondary markets for fixed income and common stocks; to train and recruit personnel; to create the alliances and the institutional framework necessary to support the operation of a securities market; to conceive the regulatory requirements for listing on Haitian market and for affiliation with the HSE; and finally to secure listing for Haitian companies listed on the Haitian market. 
Founders.
The founders of the HSE are:

</doc>
<doc id="9893813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893813" title="Vincent Patrick">
Vincent Patrick

Vincent Patrick is the author of the cult crime novels "The Pope of Greenwich Village" and "Family Business". He adapted both novels for the screen. "The Pope of Greenwich Village", starring Mickey Rourke, was released in 1984. "Family Business", directed by Sidney Lumet, was released in 1989.
Patrick also served as a screenwriter on many movies, including "Beverly Hills Cop", "The Godfather Part III", and "The Devil's Own". He is also not to be confused with Vincent Patrick Saucedo, a former "social consultant."

</doc>
<doc id="9893816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893816" title="Clova Court">
Clova Court

Clova E. Court (née Cameron; born 10 February 1960 in Saint Catherine Parish, Jamaica) is a retired English heptathlete.
She finished sixteenth at the 1991 World Championships with a personal best score of 6022 points, ninth at the 1992 European Indoor Championships, nineteenth at the 1992 Summer Olympics and eighth at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
She also competed in hurdling, and reached the semifinals at the 1993 World Indoor Championships and the 1993 World Championships. Her personal best time was 13.04 seconds, achieved at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki. She made the final at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, but did not finish the race.
In all Court competed in 12 Major Games,on two occasions doubling up in both the Heptathlon and 100m hurdles,and Five European cups - winning one in 1993
Amazingly her first international vest as an individual was at the age of 30,she went on to make 57 appearances for her country[GB/England]including making the British team over 100m hurdles at the age of 41 
Court's sister is TV chef and all-round superstar, Rustie Lee.
Court is a member of a very select group of former Olympians who Has captained a British Team, and then gone on to also Manage and Coach a British Team
Court has represented Great Britain at international level in a number of different disciplines -
Heptathlon,100M Hurdles,200m,Javelin,Long Jump & the sprint relay team
Plus indoor 60m Hurdles & Pentathlon,& 4x200m relay team
Clova has won 
Five UK Heptathlon titles [a record
Three UK Sprint hurdle titles
and a further six British Athletics and Inter Counties Championships

</doc>
<doc id="9893818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893818" title="Dawn Cunningham">
Dawn Cunningham

Dawn Cunningham is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Lisa Williamson. Williamson was cast as one of the original characters on "Hollyoaks" in 1995, however she left in 1997 when the character died.
Characterisation.
Dawn is described as "spirited, independent and friendly to everyone ... her friends could alaways rely on Dawn for a shoulder to cry on". The Liverpool Echo described her as an "easy-going interior designer. She was someone who had time for everyone and a shoulder to cry on." "The Independent" described her as the "equally stunning" friend of Natasha and questioned how she could "wild weekends and the emotional demands of a divorced mother with a toyboy?" before questioning if anyone "Will anyone care?"
Storylines.
Dawn was the eldest of Gordon and Angela Cunningham's children. At sixteen, Dawn had embarked on an affair with her best friend Ruth Osborne's father Jack. She had fallen pregnant and had Beth Cunningham, who she then put up for adoption. After this, Dawn spent time in her life to track down her daughter but to no avail.
The eldest of the Cunningham children, Dawn went to school with Ruth Osborne. They were best friends until Ruth found out about Dawn's affair with her father. Ruth's reaction was that she did not want to see Dawn ever again. When she was sixteen, before the series started, Dawn had a relationship with Jack which resulted in a teenage pregnancy. After putting the child Beth up for adoption she later spent much effort tracking her down, only to discover her in need of a kidney transplant, which resulted in a plea to Jack and the breakdown of his first marriage. 
Spirited, independent and friendly to everyone, Dawn was Natasha Anderson's best friend. She worked at Maddie Parker's mother's interior design shop and had continual problems with her mother's boyfriend, Terry, but refused to let anything get her down. However, Natasha died after Rob Hawthorne spiked her drink with drugs at Lucy Benson's 18th birthday party. Dawn was so distressed that she confessed to her friend, Jambo Bolton, that at sixteen she had a daughter whom she gave up for adoption. Jambo then got in contact with Dawn's daughter and Dawn plucked up the courage to go and see her. Dawn watched her from a distance whilst Jambo stood close by to provide her with a shoulder to cry on. Dawn then discovered that her mother, Angela, had breast cancer; upset by the news of her mother's condition, Dawn turned to Jambo. The pair ended up kissing, but Dawn insisted that they should remain friends. Dawn then found out that Terry had run off, leaving her mother in debts of over £55,000. Dawn's bad luck continued when she learnt that her daughter Bethany had kidney failure and she was her last hope. However, Dawn found out she wasn't compatible, so her father Gordon offered her his kidney instead. However, Gordon also failed as a match for Dawn's daughter so she had to contact Jack Osborne. Jack was shocked as he had not known about the pregnancy but was a match and had the operation. Jambo and Dawn realised they loved each other but their happiness was short-lived. Dawn soon felt unwell and visited her doctor, only to discover that she had leukaemia. On Christmas Day, Jambo and Dawn hired a rowing boat and Jambo asked Dawn to marry him. Dawn, however, lost her battle with leukaemia and died in his arms, the same day her niece Holly is born.
Reception.
The "Daily Record" said on the show "Favourites have to be Jude's sickly- sweet sister Dawn, whose untimely death caused much distress". They also commented on the character's death saying "When there's a problem with a character in Hollyoaks, they just kill them off."

</doc>
<doc id="9893845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893845" title="Vehicle registration tax (Ireland)">
Vehicle registration tax (Ireland)

Vehicle registration tax or VRT is a tax that must be paid in Ireland when registering a motor vehicle.
The tax is paid to the Revenue in two ways:
The vehicle must be presented at a Revenue Vehicle Registration Office (VRO) no later than one day after arrival into Ireland.
Calculation.
VRT is calculated as a percentage of the open market selling price (OMSP) of the vehicle. The OMSP is the "expected retail price" and includes all taxes (Including VAT) previously paid in the state.
Current VRT rates.
A new system was introduced with effect from 1 July 2008. This system moved the VRT calculation for passenger vehicles from being calculated on engine capacity to a system calculated on CO2 Emissions. This system applies to new vehicles registered from this date as well as second hand vehicles imported after this date. Commercial Vehicles remain unaffected. The rates have been updated however as of 1 January 2013.
VRT Rates as of 1 January 2013
VRT Rates Before January 2013
In addition, Motor Tax Rates have been realigned to reflect these new VRT bands with the motor tax payable being linked to the VRT band.
Criticisms.
Critics of VRT claim that it is effectively a continuation of the excise duty (which was applicable to vehicles in Ireland prior to 1992) and as such is illegal under European union law. It should also be noted that as it is calculated on the selling price of a vehicle, inclusive of VAT and VRT, so is in effect a double taxation. Along with complaints about the very high rate of tax, critics maintain the tax is ineffective in one of its stated aims the reduction of pollution from vehicles because while it may limit the number of vehicles on the road (by making new cars less affordable), it provides a disincentive for owners of older (more polluting) vehicles to replace their cars. As the tax is on vehicle ownership rather than usage there is little incentive for those who do manage to buy a car to ever consider using less polluting methods of transport.
Other countries.
Similar taxes are in place are the Netherlands which has the BPM (Belasting Personenauto’s Motorrijwielen) tax. This tax is 45% of the selling price of the car and gives a discount or punishment based on the CO2 emission. The tax is supposed to disappear by 2018, but the government has said it would introduce a similar tax but then solely based on CO2 emissions.
Finland also operates a system which charges a separate vehicle tax in addition to VAT. This system has also attracted controversy. This due to a heavy car tax. Finnish cars are the oldest in Europe and the death rate is highest in Scandinavia. The government also saturates the writing of car taxes. The system is illegal in the EU.
Denmark has the heaviest vehicle tax in Europe (the second heaviest in the world after Singapore).
The tax is 105% of the first €8000,- (ca.) and 180% of the rest. The tax is calculated after the VAT (25%), so it's also double taxing.
Other European countries which have registration tax:
Austria, Portugal, Greece, Norway (heavy, similar to Denmark) and Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="9893847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893847" title="1995–96 DFB-Pokal">
1995–96 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1995–96 was the 53rd season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 15 August 1995 and ended on 24 May 1996. In the final 1. FC Kaiserslautern defeated Karlsruher SC 1–0 thereby claiming their second title. In the first round SV 1916 Sandhausen defeated VfB Stuttgart 13–12 on penalties, marking the game with the most goals in German professional football ever.

</doc>
<doc id="9893851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893851" title="Grey Goose Bus Lines">
Grey Goose Bus Lines

Grey Goose Bus Lines is a subsidiary of Greyhound Canada operating in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
History.
1924-1934.
Brown Brothers Bus Line<br>
John (Jack) Smith started a bus service between Winnipeg and Carman.
1934-1961.
Grey Goose Bus Lines Limited<br>
The partnership of Gary M. Lewis, Elmer Clay, William R. Lewis, Albert J. Todd, and Alfred Hurshman was incorporated as Grey Goose Bus Lines Limited.
1961-Present.
Grey Goose Bus Lines (Manitoba) Limited
Public transit.
Grey Goose operates the Thompson Transit system in Thompson, Manitoba 

</doc>
<doc id="9893859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893859" title="Ewan David Alman">
Ewan David Alman

Ewan Alman (born 31 July 1984) is a British actor and rapper, commonly known by his stage name, Da Brakes, and known for his role as Fraser in the feature film "Breathe".

</doc>
<doc id="9893872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893872" title="Carlo Abarth">
Carlo Abarth

Carlo Abarth (15 November 1908 – 24 October 1979), born Karl Albert Abarth, was an automobile designer. Abarth was born in Austria, but later was naturalized as an Italian citizen; and at this time his first name Karl was changed to its Italian equivalent of Carlo.
Biography.
Before World War II.
Abarth was born in Vienna, during the time of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. As a teenager, he worked for Castagna in Italy (1925–27), designing motorbike and bicycle chassis. Back in Austria, he worked for Motor Thun and Joseph Opawsky (1927–34), and
raced motorbikes, winning his first race on a James Cycle in Salzburg on 29 July 1928. He later was European champion five times, along continuing the engineering. After a serious accident in Linz he abandoned motorbike racing, and designed a sidecar (1933) with which he managed to beat the Orient Express railway on the stretch from Vienna to Ostend (1934).
He moved permanently to Italy in 1934, where he met Ferdinand Porsche's son-in-law Anton Piëch, and married his secretary. In 1938 Abarth was long hospitalized and had his racing career end, due to a racing accident in Yugoslavia. He remained in that country (with some visits in Austria and Italy) until the war was over.
After World War II.
Following this, he moved to Merano, where his ancestors originated from. Abarth got to know both Tazio Nuvolari and the family-friend Ferry Porsche, and, together with engineer Rudolf Hruska and Piero Dusio, he established the "Compagnia Industriale Sportiva Italia" (CIS Italia, later becoming Cisitalia), having the Italian "Porsche Konstruktionen" agency (1943–48). The first automobile outcome of this cooperation was the rather unsuccessful Tipo 360 F1 prototype (see also Porsche 360). The "CIS Italia" project ended when Dusio moved to Argentina (1949).
Abarth then founded the Abarth & C. company with Cisitalia racing driver Guido Scagliarini in Bologna (31 March 1949), using his astrological sign, the
scorpion, as the company logo. The same year, Abarth & Co moved to Turin. Financed by Scagliarini's father Armando Scagliarini, the company made racing cars, and became a major supplier of high-performance exhaust pipes, that still are in production as Abarth. On 20 October 1965 Abarth personally set various speed records at the "Autodromo Nazionale Monza".
He sold the company on 31 July 1971 to Fiat, although he continued to manage it as a CEO for a period. Later then moved back to Vienna, Austria, where he died in 1979.
Private life.
Carlo Abarth was married three times. His first wife was the secretary of Anton Piëch in Vienna.
He married his second wife, Nadina Abarth-Zerjav, in 1949. They lived together until 1966, and divorced in 1979. The same year, about six weeks before his death, Abarth married his third wife, Anneliese Abarth; she continues to head the Carlo Abarth Foundation and wrote one of his biographies in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9893882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893882" title="Premium business model">
Premium business model

The premium business model is the concept of offering high end products and services appealing to discriminating consumers. Brand image is an important factor in the premium business model, as quality is often a subjective matter. This business model seeks a higher profit margin on a lower sales volume.
Some examples of this model are: Rolls-Royce, BMW and Mercedes-Benz in the auto industry, Gucci bags and Rolex watches in the luxury accessories industry, and elite personal services such as using a chauffeur.

</doc>
<doc id="9893901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893901" title="AMELX">
AMELX

Amelogenin, X isoform is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "AMELX" gene.
Amelogenin, X isoform is a form of amelogenin found on the X chromosome. Amelogenin X is a member of the amelogenin family of extracellular matrix proteins. When alternative splicing occurs it results in multiple transcript variants encoding different isoforms.
Function.
AMELX is involved in biomineralization during tooth enamel development.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the AMELX gene can cause amelogenesis imperfecta, a disorder of tooth enamel development.

</doc>
<doc id="9893963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893963" title="Odile Lesage">
Odile Lesage

Odile Lesage (born 28 June 1969 in Paris) is a retired French heptathlete.
She finished eighth at the 1988 World Junior Championships, seventeenth at the 1991 World Championships, third at the 1993 Mediterranean Games and twelfth at the 1992 European Indoor Championships.
References.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9893966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893966" title="Jesse P. Wolcott">
Jesse P. Wolcott

Jesse Paine Wolcott (March 3, 1893 – January 28, 1969) was a politician and soldier from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Wolcott was born to William Bradford Wolcott and Lillie Betsy (Paine) Wolcott in Gardner, Massachusetts and attended the common and high schools there. After moving to Michigan, he attended the Detroit Technical Institute and graduated from the Detroit College of Law in 1915. He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Detroit. In 1927, he married Grace Sullivan.
During the First World War, Wolcott served overseas as a second lieutenant in a machine gun company of the Twenty-sixth Infantry, First Division, from 1917 to 1919. After the war he settled in Port Huron and resumed the practice of law. He served as assistant police judge of Port Huron in 1921, assistant prosecuting attorney of St.Clair County from 1922 to 1926, and prosecuting attorney from 1927 to 1930.
In 1930, Wolcott defeated incumbent U.S. Representative Louis C. Cramton in the Republican Party primary elections. He went on to win the general election to be elected from Michigan's 7th congressional district to the 72nd United States Congress, and was subsequently re-elected to the twelve succeeding Congresses, serving from March 4, 1931 to January 3, 1957. He was chairman of the Committee on Banking and Currency in the 80th and 83rd Congresses, and of the Joint Committee on Economic Report in the 83rd Congress. He was not a candidate for re-nomination in 1956.
In 1958, Jesse Wolcott was appointed a director of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation by U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower and served as chairman until January 1964. He was a Universalist or Congregationalist and a member of American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Freemasons, Elks, Knights of Pythias, Lions, Moose, and Odd Fellows. He resided in Chevy Chase, Maryland until his death and is interred in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9893967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893967" title="Yamada Line">
Yamada Line

The is a railway line in Japan operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East). It runs from Morioka Station in Morioka, Iwate to Kamaishi Station in Kamaishi, Iwate via Miyako Station in Miyako, Iwate. From Kamaishi to Miyako, trains go by the Sanriku-Kaigan Sea. The tracks from Miyako Station to Morioka Station run deep into the mountains along the Hei River. 
The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami on 11 March 2011 destroyed much of the tracks and many stations between Miyako and Kamaishi. As of March 2012, service has not resumed on this portion of the Yamada Line. In February 2012, JR East officially proposed that this section of the line be scrapped and the right-of-way used as a bus rapid transit (BRT) route.
Stations.
Stations in greyed out cells have been closed since the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
History.
Ōshida and Asagishi stations were closed from January until 15 March 2013 due to low utilization during the winter months.

</doc>
<doc id="9893983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893983" title="Bogor Agricultural University">
Bogor Agricultural University

Institut Pertanian Bogor (IPB or Bogor Agricultural University) is an Indonesian state agricultural university based on Bogor.
It was part of University of Indonesia before secede in September 1, 1963. Prof. Dr. Ir. Herry Suhardiyanto, M.Sc chosen as IPB rector from 2008 until now.
History.
Institut Pertanian Bogor is an institution of higher education that historically formed from veterinary medicine and agricultural high schools and higher institutions in Bogor that begun early 20th century. Prior to World War II, these institutions known as "Middelbare Landbouwschool, Middelbare Bosbouwschool dan Nederlandsch Indiche Veeartsenschool".
IPB main location currently located at Jalan Raya Dramaga, Dramaga district, Bogor Regency, West Java.
Birth of IPB on September 1, 1963 by the decision of the Minister of Science and Higher Education (Menteri Perguruan Tinggi dan Ilmu Pengetahuan / PTIP) No. 92/1963 which was then endorsed by the first president of the Republic of Indonesia with Presidential Decree No. 279/1965. At the time, two faculty located at Bogor which was part of University of Indonesia evolved to 5 faculties, namely Faculty of Agriculture, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Faculty of Fisheries, Faculty of Animal Science and Faculty of Forestry. In 1964, Faculty of Technology and Mechanization of Agriculture was born.
At December 26, 2000 Indonesia government endorsed IPB autonomy status based on Government Rules No. 152. Since then, IPB became State-Owned-Legal-Entity university.
In 2005, IPB applies major and minor system instead of national curriculum system. Each IPB students can choose two, or even more, departement that interest them.
University symbol and flags.
Logo and philosophy.
The logo consist of "INSTITUT PERTANIAN BOGOR" text, a tree with three branches and five leaves, and an opened book which are all lined by a white circle on a blue background. The logo it self reflects IPB as an academic institution, source of knowledge and technology, and will continuously advances further while stay inline with College's Tree Obligations.
Basic blue color symbolizes IPB as science and technology university, opened book symbolizes IPB as source of knowledge, circle symbolizes that science has no limits and always growing, three branches growing from opened book symbolizes Tridarma Perguruan Tinggi (College's Three Obligations: Education, Research, and Community Service), and five leaves symbolizes first five faculties of IPB and also symbolizes Tridarma Perguruan Tinggi implemented based on Pancasila.
Flags.
Institut Pertanian Bogor main flag is yellow-colored with IPB emblem in the middle of the flag. Each faculty has its own logo and flag based on IPB logo and flag.
All faculties had white colored IPB emblem in the middle, except Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Science. Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Science had blue colored IPB emblem in the middle.
Code of ethics.
Code of ethics is common ethics rules that applies to all Institut Pertanian Bogor citizens. All IPB citizen are required to behave as following code of ethics:
Faculties and departments.
Institut Pertanian Bogor is well known for its agricultural, livestock, veterinary, and life science studies.
IPB consist of 9 faculties providing undergraduate program. Graduate and postgraduate are program managed by separate graduate school. In 1972, IPB implemented a four-year undergraduate curriculum and, in 1975, opened the first graduate school in Indonesia.
IPB undergraduate new students are required to pass Common First Year Program ("Tingkat Persiapan Bersama (TPB)") before entering any faculties or departement although they already enrolled as a student of specific faculties and departement. They are also required to live in dormitories during the first year.
Institut Pertanian Bogor also had Diploma Program which is separated from faculties and managed under Directorate of Diploma Program Bogor Agricultural University. Unlike undergraduate students, common first year program is unavailable for diploma program students.
Faculty of Forestry.
The Faculty of Forestry [http://fahutan.ipb.ac.id] in 1963 consisted of two departments: Forest Management and Exploitation; and Forest Products Processing. Which later became the Department of Forest Products in 1969 and then the Department of Forest Products Technology in 1983, when Department of Forest Resources Conservation was formed. In 2005, Faculty of Forestry developed into its present four departments: 
It offers Bachelors and Masters degrees and doctorates in Forest Management Science, Fiber and Composite Technology, Forest Product Quality Improvement and Engineering, Tropical Biodiversity, Ecotourism and Environmental Services Management, and Tropical Silviculture.
Faculty of Human Ecology.
History.
The Faculty of Human Ecology (FEMA) is the youngest faculty in IPB; it was established in August 2, 2005 by the Rector’s decree no. 112/K13/OT/2005. This establishment was IPB’s answer to changes that were taking place toward the era of higher education autonomy (IPB BHMN) which granted the university the power to form new study programs, departments, and faculties.
The roots of FEMA IPB were actually the former Department of Community Nutrition and Family Resource (GMSK) of Faculty of Agriculture; Study Program of Agriculture Extension and Communication of Socioeconomy Department, Faculty of Agriculture; and socioeconomic study programs of all the other faculties in IPB.
The Department of Community Nutrition and Family Resource (GMSK) of Faculty of Agriculture was developed into Department of Community Nutrition (GIZ) and Department of Family and Consumer Sciences (IKK). While the Department of Agricultural Socioeconomy (SOSEK) of Faculty of Agriculture was transformed into Department of Communication and Community Development (KPM), Department of Agribusiness, and Department of Environmental Resource Economy (ESL). Furthermore; through the clustering process; the Department of Community Nutrition (GIZ), the Department of Family and Consumer Sciences (IKK), and the Department of Communication and Community Development (KPM) merged up to become the Faculty of Human Ecology (FEMA).
FEMA IPB is the first and only faculty of its kind in Indonesia and it is one of the three faculties of human ecology throughout South East Asia. The other two is in the College of Human Ecology University of Philippines at Los Banos (UPLB) and the Faculty of Human Ecology, Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM).
VISION.
“To become a research-based higher education which is down to earth and internationalized in human ecology to support tropical agriculture and biosciences development within entrepreneurial character”
AIM.
1. To graduate qualified individuals who have:
2. To produce transformative science and technology.
3. To establish sustainable living qualities of in individuals, families, and communities.
Community Nutrition.
Mandate:
To develop human nutrition science and its application in individual, family and community that involves agriculture, food, nutrition, and health in order to improve human quality.
Sections:
Seed Center.
The university plans develop a Seed Center at Leuwikopo, Darmaga, Bogor due to Indonesia has to import seeds so far and facing a problem of seed supply. The center will develop agricultural seeds, plantation seeds, animal husbandry and fishery.

</doc>
<doc id="9893990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893990" title="L (Death Note)">
L (Death Note)

L Lawliet, exclusively known by the mononym L, is a fictional character in the manga and anime series "Death Note". He is an eccentric genius and international private detective, reputed to be the world's greatest, who takes on cases that have stymied national governments and Interpol. He opposes the machinations of Light Yagami, otherwise known as the mass-murderer "Kira". L is voiced by Kappei Yamaguchi and Alessandro Juliani, respectively, in the Japanese and English versions of the anime. The character has been praised by several manga and anime reviewers.
L often uses dramatic strategies to confuse his opponents and force their hand. He eats sweet things exclusively, and is usually seen eating fruit or cake, or drinking sweetened coffee or tea. L's behavior is also peculiar: he sits in an unusual position, and always wears the same outfit. He holds things extremely delicately, by corners, and has a habit of biting his thumb. He has at least three aliases, including those of the world's so-called second and third greatest detectives, Eraldo Coil and Deneuve. In the light novel "Another Note", it's said that L won these aliases in a "detective war" with the real Coil and Deneuve.
Creation and conception.
Tsugumi Ohba, the writer of the series, created L as a young adult, since he believed the story would not hold much interest if L were significantly older than his opponent Light. For L's name, he wanted to use a single letter with a lot of significance; he considered "I" and "J", but eventually chose "L" after careful consideration. Ohba said that he left everything about L's character design to Takeshi Obata, artist of the series. Obata asked Ohba if L could be "unattractive". Afterwards Ohba included ideas in his thumbnails, including L's manner of sitting, "he's English", and "he's listless". Ohba added details regarding L's mannerisms and his interests in sweets. Ohba credits Obata for the character designs. Obata commented that L's thumbnails by Ohba had no bags under his eyes, and that he had a "plain face with no expression" which was very useful. Obata drew L as an "attractive young man" until chapter 11, when the character appeared in person. After chapter 11, Obata and Ohba agreed to contrast his appearance with Light's.
During the development of the early manga chapters, Obata feared L would appear "so suspicious that Light would know instantly it was L if they ever met". When Obata's editor told him that he wanted L to have a face "looking cool based on the angle", Obata added black bags under L's eyes. Obata cited "Devilman"'s Akira Fudou when stating that he believed that black bags were appealing. In addition, Obata thought of a "dead eyes" concept, which involved L having "all-black eyes" and "mostly no eyebrows". Obata believes that black eyes usually makes a character goofier, but the bags "sharpen the character's gaze". Obata believes that the design evokes "a feeling of mystery" and that the reader cannot determine L's true thoughts. Obata also said that the bags under L's eyes were useful for inspiring speculation about his lifestyle and background. The outfit Obata designed for L was a "simple" white, long-sleeved shirt and jeans, to convey that L does not put thought into choosing his clothing. In "Death Note 13: How to Read", Ohba presented an initial rough draft of L and said that, with a "cool expression" and without the bags under his eyes, L looked like a different person.
Obata stated that the peculiar traits exhibited by L are best revealed "gradually". Obata added that if he drew L eating "mountains of sweets" before revealing his face, he would not have "much credibility as a super detective" and people would ask if he was "crazy".
Both Ohba and Obata chose L as their favorite character from the series, with the former noting him as the "strongest" character in the series besides Light, and the latter due to "appearance, personality, everything". Obata said that he could never have created a character like L and that he enjoyed drawing him. Obata added that because of this, L was not "real" to him and that he liked that aspect of the character.
L's fighting style has been described as similar to capoeira. However, Obata has denied considering this when drawing L's fights, saying that he was thinking of the most effective way to kick someone whilst handcuffed. He added that if the style resembles capoeira, then this "adds another element to it" and "that makes me happy". When designing color book covers Obata assigned colors to characters to "get the atmosphere right"; gold was assigned to L.
Film adaptation.
Matsuyama had trouble portraying L and worried about his performance. He reasoned that L rarely interacted with others, and so portrayed him as if he did not "quite understand other people on an emotional level". Describing himself as "not very flexible physically", Matsuyama had trouble emulating L's postures. He also ate sweets like those that L would eat, and considered the details of L's signature gestures. Matsuyama said that he and Tatsuya Fujiwara, the actor portraying Light, became "so immersed" in their character portrayals that they did not speak to one another while on the set; when filming ceased they conversed and "went out for a drink or two".
Appearances.
In "Death Note".
L, who also uses the aliases , , , and , the latter two for which he has developed reputations as the second- and third-best detectives in the world, is quite secretive and only communicates with the world through his assistant Watari. He never shows his face to the world, instead representing himself with a capital L in Cloister Black font. His real name, L Lawliet, is only revealed in the guidebook "Death Note 13: How to Read". When asked about L's ethnicity, Ohba responded saying "I think of him as a quarter Japanese, a quarter English, a quarter Russian, a quarter French or Italian, like that". After meeting the Kira investigation team, he requests that the task force refer to him as Ryuzaki for discretion. Ohba said that L is the most intelligent character in the entire "Death Note" series because "the plot requires it". He added that he personally views L as "slightly evil".
L's disheveled and languid appearance masks his great powers of deduction and insight. He tends to second-guess everything he is presented with, and is extremely meticulous and analytical. He has several quirks such as preferring to crouch rather than sit, eating only sweet foods like desserts and fruits, and holding items very delicately. L stayed in England for five years, and during that time he was the champion in tennis for the England Junior Cup, and he is still a good player, suggesting he might still practice. He plays tennis with Light, who used to be a champion himself. In chapter 38 of the manga, L suggests that even though he eats only sweet foods, he remains underweight because the brain uses the most calories of any organ in the body. He also says that if he sits normally, his reasoning ability would drop 40%. Whenever L gives percentages to indicate how much he suspects a person of committing a crime, such as "five percent", in reality he means over 90 percent; Ohba said about L, "The truth is, he's a liar ["laughs"]".
L suspects early in the investigation that Light Yagami is Kira, but cannot obtain any concrete evidence. In several situations, Light seems to be proven innocent by the circumstances, but L remains skeptical. If Light were Kira, the case would be solved, and L has trouble letting go of this simple and complete solution, finding Light "too perfect" and noting how close his age and intelligence match his exact concept for what Kira must be like. L can easily present his conclusions publicly at any time, and with his reputation, is taken seriously. He also intends to tell Light that he can "take the offensive". After capturing a man who also has a Death Note, Light tricks Rem, the Shinigami owner of a Death Note that she gives to Misa, into killing L for his own personal gain, making her believe that she must kill him for the sake of Misa's life. L's last sight before death is Light triumphantly smiling over him, and in his last moment L confirms to himself that Light is the first Kira. Light then takes over L's identity and uses it to his advantage. However, when one of L's true successors, Near, begins to suspect that Light is Kira, Light remains haunted by the memory of L and feels as though he is still battling against him each time he and Near communicate. In the anime series, when Light himself dies, an apparition of L is shown standing over him, mirroring Light standing over L at his own death.
"Death Note 13: How to Read" describes L in the "Death Note" yonkoma as the "holder of the world's greatest mind" and having the "powerful ability to act like a fool". "Death Note 13: How to Read" adds that in the yonkoma "it's like was born to be mocked".
In the film series.
Portrayed by Kenichi Matsuyama in the live-action films that adapt the "Death Note" manga, L retains many of the same characteristics. Unlike the manga and anime, in the second film, his "death", caused by Rem writing his name in her Death Note, does not take effect, as L had written his own name in Misa's Death Note earlier. It is his self-sacrifice that allows himself to stay alive for a longer duration (as he supposed Kira would kill him on that day), and allows the investigation team to apprehend Light. He becomes upset when Watari is later killed. After Ryuk kills Light, Ryuk offers L the Death Note, but L refuses. Twenty three days after writing his name in the Death Note, burning all the remaining Death Notes, and having a conversation with Soichiro, L dies peacefully while eating a chocolate bar.
In "", which takes place in the 23 days that L has left before he dies, L decides to solve one last case. He is in charge of a case in stopping a deadly virus from spreading across the world. He meets the daughter of a doctor who was striving to find an antidote and a boy who was the sole survivor of a village destroyed by the virus; after solving the case, he brings the boy to Wammy's House and names him Near.
L stars in a "Death Note" film version special, aired on Japanese television, that takes place after Light's death; in it Touta Matsuda has to come to terms with L's eventual death.
Hideo Nakata, the director of "L: Change the WorLd", told "The Daily Yomiuri" that he wanted to exhibit L's "human side" that was not exhibited in the "Death Note" series.
In "Death Note: Another Note".
In the light novel "", L recruits FBI agent Naomi Misora to investigate a series of murders. While the story includes several phone discussions with him from Misora's perspective, he only appears in person at the end of the novel, when he goes by the name "Ryuzaki" - an alias he appropriates from the novel's serial murderer, Beyond Birthday, who masquerades as L under the alias "Rue Ryuzaki".
In the "L: Change the World" light novel.
The events of the novel adaptation of L's spin-off film play out very similarly to the film, but with many creative changes. For example, instead of discovering him during his final 23-days of living, L has long since claimed Near as his successor. Furthermore, details concerning L's character are revealed during the course of the novel by delving deeper into L's relationship with Watari and exploring L's personal demons. Rather than end abruptly after L drops off Near in the orphanage like in the film, the novel ends with L imagining himself playing chess with Watari moments before the Death Note takes effect.
Reception.
Publications from manga and anime have commented on L's character. Tom S. Pepirium of IGN describes L as "the coolest, most well developed character in anime today". Pepirium said that the "excellent translation" is responsible for L being a "success" in the English-language dub of "Death Note". Anime News Network's Theron Martin found that the mental duels between L and Light are appealing to viewers of the series due to how each attempts to discover the identity of the other while at the same time wanting to hide their own. The "Hyper" staff and Mania Entertainment's Julie Rosato agreed with Martin, with the latter commenting that L's and Light's rivalry as one of the best parts from the series to the point of being something "unique" in a manga. Although PopCultureShock writer Carlos Alexandre also praised their rivalry, he still found L to be "too smart" noting that "some careful listening and application of critical thinking will make apparent the holes in L’s supposedly superhuman logic, holes that simply, given L’s character, should not be there". While reviewing the manga's third volume, Rosato concludes the article by saying that L "wins this volume; he really drove it forward" due to how close he gets to Light in such little time, which makes Light lose his temper after meeting him despite how calm he normally is. Pepirium adds that Alessandro Juliani, L's voice actor, portrays his slurping and gulping sweets as "somehow non-irritating". Theron Martin has also repeatedly praised Juliani's work, noting that he "captures the eccentric brilliance of L". IGN ranked him as the 19th greatest anime character of all time, saying that "Every good lead character needs a challenge, and L provided the opposition that the "Death Note" series required to captivate fans."
During January from 2007, Oricon made a poll in which they asked Japanese fans from manga and anime which characters from any series they would most like to see in spinoff series. The overall winner from the poll was L, who also ranked first in the women's poll and second in the men's poll. In the Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation Awards (SPJA) from 2008 Alessandro Juliani was the winner in the category "Best Voice Actor (English)" for his work as L. Kappei Yamaguchi was the winner in the category "Best Voice Actor (Japanese)" from the 2009 SPJA Industry Awards for his work as L. L also won in the category "Best Male Character". In the NEO Awards 2007 from "Neo", L won in the category "Best Manga Character".

</doc>
<doc id="9893999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893999" title="Tatyana Zhuravlyova">
Tatyana Zhuravlyova

Tatyana Zhuravlyova (born 19 December 1967) is a retired Russian heptathlete.
She finished eighth at the 1991 World Championships and tenth at the 1993 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9894004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894004" title="Gian-Franco Kasper">
Gian-Franco Kasper

Gian-Franco Kasper (born 24 January 1944 in St. Moritz) is a Swiss ski official who has been president of the International Ski Federation (FIS) since 1998. Kasper also serves as a member both of the International Olympic Committee (since 2000) and the World Anti-Doping Agency (since 2003).
He earned his degrees in journalism, philosophy, and psychology from the University of Zurich in 1966. After his university studies, he worked as an editor for the "Courier de St-Moritz".
Kasper then went into the tourism industry in 1974, establishing a Swiss tourism office in Montreal, Canada. The following year, he became Secretary-General of the FIS by then-President Marc Hodler, a position he served until Hodler's retirement in 1998. Kasper succeeded Hodler as FIS President, a position he has held since.
Kasper received a Doctor Honoris Causa from the National Sports Academy of Bulgaria in Sofia on 14 December 2007. He was also named an honorary citizen of Cavalese, Italy in January 2009 during the 2008-09 Tour de Ski.
In 2006 Kasper was noteworthy for claiming that women should not be permitted to ski jump on the grounds that it might be harmful to them medically, though he did not specify exactly what harm might befall women ski jumpers that men are not subject to.

</doc>
<doc id="9894019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894019" title="Searching for Caleb">
Searching for Caleb

Searching for Caleb is Anne Tyler's sixth novel. It was originally published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1975.
Book Description.
From The Boston Globe.
Duncan Peck has a fascination for randomness and is always taking his family on the move. His wife, Justine, is a fortune teller who can't remember the past. Her grandfather, Daniel, longs to find the brother who walked out of his life in 1912, with nothing more than a fiddle in his hand. All three are taking journeys that lead back to the family's deepest roots...to a place where rebellion and acceptance have the haunting power to merge into one...
From the back of the April 1983 Berkley paperback edition.
Here is the heartbreaking and hilarious story of the Peck family - and a young woman's search for freedom, which leads her to the family's deepest roots. From the ragtime era at the end of the 19th century to the years of change in the mid-1970s, it is about growing up and breaking away, rebellion and acceptance. It is a haunting, human story that will live in your heart forever...

</doc>
<doc id="9894020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894020" title="From the Darkness into the Light">
From the Darkness into the Light

From the Darkness into the Light is a 2000 album by rapper Mellow Man Ace. It features collaborations with artists such as B-Real, Sen Dog, and Profound.

</doc>
<doc id="9894026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894026" title="International Conference on Software Reuse">
International Conference on Software Reuse

The International Conference on Software Reuse (ICSR), is the primary scientific conference on software reuse, domain analysis, and domain engineering.
ICSR includes software reuse researchers, practitioners, and managers. The conference provides an archival source for important reuse papers. The conference is also meant to provide reuse information and education to practitioners, and to be an ongoing platform for technology transfer.
Software reusability, the use of knowledge or artifacts from existing systems to build new ones, is a key software engineering technology important both to engineers and managers. Reuse research has been very active. Many organizations have reported reuse successes, yet there are still important research issues in systematic reuse. There is a need for reuse solutions that can be applied across domain and organization boundaries. The conference consists of technical presentations, parallel working groups, plenary sessions, demonstrations, and tutorials.
Topics include reuse metrics, case studies and experiments, copyright and legal issues, current issues in reuse libraries, distributed components, formal methods, design and validation of components, domain analysis and engineering, generators, and Integration frameworks.

</doc>
<doc id="9894039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894039" title="18 Carat Garbage">
18 Carat Garbage

18 Carat Garbage is a Billie Ray Martin album of 13 tracks including the first single, 'I've Never Been To Memphis'. The basis of the songs were recorded in Memphis, Tennessee with the hi-musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="9894054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894054" title="Shadow Madness">
Shadow Madness

Shadow Madness is a turn-based RPG and the first video game released by Crave Entertainment. The game achieved mixed reviews. Shadow Madness was packaged with a separate demo disc for "Jade Cocoon".
Gameplay.
In "Shadow Madness", your party consists of three members, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. In battle, the player has a choice of using physical attacks, magic, items and escape. It also plays the same on the field in terms of using your inventory, moving about and talking to non-player characters.
Battles in "Shadow Madness" are random, but one unique aspect of this system lets players avoid some battles. When exploring, the growl of a monster is heard. Pressing L2 and R2 simultaneously will make Stinger "hide" on the ground and doing this allows the player to possibly avoid a battle altogether. "Shadow Madness" uses some elements of Square's Active-Time Battle system. In particular, enemies will not wait to attack you. The maximum level of experience a character can reach is 15. Characters also can unleash powerful "summons" during battle.
"Shadow Madness" features 3D polygonal models on 2D pre-rendered backgrounds, with the battle scenes taking place in a fully 3D environment. The game includes CG cutscenes to further the storyline.
Plot.
Story.
The storyline is centered around saving the world from a mysterious plague that is spreading quickly. The player takes the role as Stinger, whose town has just been destroyed. The player meets many friends and foes on their way to finding out how the chaos started and how it can be stopped.
Development.
"Shadow Madness"' development team Big Rain included some notable figures. Ted Woolsey, who helped script the story, formerly worked at Square in Washington as a translator. His past credits include "Secret of Mana", "Final Fantasy VI", and "Chrono Trigger". Paul Reed, who also wrote game's story, previously worked on the Super Nintendo Action-RPG "Secret of Evermore" before making "Shadow Madness". His most famous game since "Shadow Madness" is the internationally acclaimed "Metroid Prime" for the Nintendo GameCube. Most of Shadow Madness' development staff were new to the industry, learning as they went along while designing the game.
Prior to its release, publisher ASCII Entertainment dropped the game, possibly due to the company's lack of funds. "Shadow Madness" was later picked up by Crave Entertainment.
Music.
Much of the music throughout the game is deliberately dark, ambient and mood-setting. Unlike most other turn-based RPGs, "Shadow Madness" has multiple battle themes, most of which are orchestral in nature.
Reception.
The game, an American attempt at the "Final Fantasy" series, gained quite positive reviews. Notable ones include "Deep, involving storyline and beautiful graphics" by "GamePro". It also received positive remarks from "PSM": "Epic... Unravels like a good mystery", and "OPM": "World of prerendered backgrounds, sharp dialogue and moody music". The game also was greeted with acclaim for introducing a younger audience to the RPG genre. Although, X-Play placed it at number 3 on their top 5 worst RPGs video, ranking higher than the worse-received Quest 64.
However, OPM also gave the game the award for worst character design in its 1999 Editors' Awards. GameSpot summed it up by saying "Whoever said 'Graphics don't matter' never played Shadow Madness". The game also gained negative reviews from experienced RPG gamers and RPG only websites, deeming its character development too short: the level cap is a low 15, which is quite uncommon for RPGs.
References.
3. X-Play Top 5 Worst RPGs http://www.g4tv.com/videos/36579/X-Play-Presents-The-Top-5-Worst-RPGs-Ever/

</doc>
<doc id="9894061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894061" title="The Farmer's Boys">
The Farmer's Boys

The Farmer's Boys were a British band from Norwich, England. They formed in the early 1980s and were briefly called 'Bang Goes My Stereo' before changing their name to The Farmer's Boys.
History.
The band's first single, "I Think I Need Help", was released in April 1982 with a few more releases in the same year. In January 1983, "More Than a Dream" was reissued as their first single for EMI. Several more singles and two albums were released before the band split in 1985.
Baz and Mark went on to form The Avons in 1985. Mark later joined The Nivens, Stan formed Dr Fondle and Frog joined The Higsons and played keyboards on a Julian Cope tour in the late eighties. Original guitarist Andy left early on to join Serious Drinking.
In 2000, Baz, Mark and Stan formed a new band, The Great Outdoors.
BBC Radio 1 in concert.
A concert was recorded and broadcast from the Lyceum Theatre in London on 7 September 1983. The Farmer's Boys played the second half hour, whilst another Norwich band The Higsons played the first half.
Tracks played:

</doc>
<doc id="9894071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894071" title="OD2">
OD2

On Demand Distribution (OD2), one of the first online music download services, was co-founded by entrepreneur Charles Grimsdale, John Grinham and musician Peter Gabriel in 1999. Prior to its closure in 2009, its technology had been used by over 100 music download sites including MSN Music UK, MyCokeMusic, Planet Internet (KPN), Wanadoo and CD WOW!.
OD2 was formed in November 1999 in partnership with musician Peter Gabriel.
The original primary purpose of its formation was to allow access to music distribution infrastructure and rights management for small-scale unsigned artists (who would not otherwise have this opportunity).
For reasons of commercial survival, the emphasis soon changed to providing front-end technology to larger distributors.
OD2 DRM technology was originally Microsoft based, distributing mainly Windows Media Audio (WMA) files.
OD2 was making a loss but in June 2004 was bought by US digital music distributor company Loudeye for $40 million. Loudeye sold its other music distribution business in 2006, making OD2 its principal business. In October 2006 Loudeye was acquired by Finnish mobile giant Nokia for $60 million.
Rival digital music distributors include MusicNet which is used by EMI, AOL/Time Warner, BMG and HMV - the latter of which defected from OD2 in 2005.
Closure.
On April 1, 2009 (not an April Fools joke) OD2 informed all existing customers by e-mail and on the site that it was to close on 29 April 2009 and recommended all customers download Nokia Music.

</doc>
<doc id="9894075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894075" title="Street and Lane">
Street and Lane

Street and Lane is a BBC radio comedy series written by Dave Sheasby and Ian McMillan. The main characters, Johnny Street (Nicholas Lane/Shaun Dooley) and Arthur Lane (Fine Time Fontayne) are partners in a small Yorkshire building firm. The series records their rather odd experiences in Yorkshire suburbia, doing a variety of small and large jobs for householders.
Street and Lane often wax philosophical to each other about life, the Universe, and everything. Lane worked for Street's father in the firm, which apparently suffered from certain financial irregularities. Street gave up a teaching career to rescue the family business. The humour is understated, lurking under a stereotypically laconic Yorkshire mindset.
Various running jokes are used. "Head Office calling!" means Mrs. Street, who fields customer calls at home, is calling Johnny on his mobile phone. The "lady with the boiler on Misperton Avenue" is a fictional customer used as an all-purpose excuse for not being able to take on a job right away (the builders do not want to seem desperate for business) or for making a quick exit from an embarrassing situation.
The first series (4 episodes) was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 2005 with Nicholas Lane as Johnny. A second series was broadcast in 2007 with Shaun Dooley in the same role.
Dave Sheasby died in 2010, making it unlikely that more episodes will be written.

</doc>
<doc id="9894097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894097" title="Shah Jahani Mahal">
Shah Jahani Mahal

The Shah Jahani Mahal is part of the Agra Fort in northern India.
It is situated between the white marble "Khas Mahal" and the red stone "Jahangiri Mahal" and is set, transitionally, in between these two major residential complexes of two different ages. It is the earliest attempt of the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan to convert an existing redstone building in accordance with his taste. It is his earliest palace in Agra Fort and has a large hall and side rooms, and an octagonal tower on the river side.
The skeletal construction of the brick masonry and red stone were all white, stuccoed with a thick plaster and colourfully painted with floral designs. The whole palace once glistened white, like white marble.
On its face towards the "Khas Mahal" is a white marble dalan, composed of five nine-cusped arches supported on double pillars and protected externally by a Chhajja. Its western bay was closed to house the Ghaznin gate. Babur's baoli and well are situated beneath it. The subterranean apartments in several stories are also situated under this palace.

</doc>
<doc id="9894110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894110" title="Sorsogon State College">
Sorsogon State College

The Sorsogon State College (SSC) one of the oldest trade schools in the Philippines. It was established as Sorsogon Trade 
school in 1907, was renamed Sorsogon School of Arts and Trades by virtue of RA 704 in June 1953 and again renamed Sorsogon College of Arts and Trades in 1976. In December 1993, after 86 years of existence, it was converted into a state college with three national vocational high schools in the province integrated to it. This was thru R.A. 7666 authored by then Cong. Salvador H. Escudero III and Sen. Leticia Ramos Shahani, approved on December 31, 1993 by President Fidel V. Ramos.
The College was operationalized through a province- wide umbrella system where four vocational schools were integrated. The Sorsogon College of Arts and Trades (SCAT) became School of Industrial Technology and Education (SITE) to concentrate on Teacher Education and Technology. The Sorsogon National Agriculture School (SNAS) became School of Agriculture and Agriculture Based Technology (SAABT), to concentrate on Agriculture and Agriculture Based Technology. Bulan Vocational High School was renamed School of Arts and trades (SAT) and became Institute of Management and Information Technology (IMIT) to concentrate on Business Management and Information Communication Technology (ICT), and Magallanes School of Fisheries became School of Fisheries and Fisheries Based Technology (SFFBT) to concentrate on Fishery Technology and Fisheries Resource Development. The main campus is located at Magsaysay Street, Sorsogon City.
Vision.
A Center of excellence in the formation of progressive, productive, self-reliant, responsive, nationalistic, ecology- friendly, and value- oriented people for a united peaceful and agri-industrialized Sorsogon.
Mission.
A premier institution of higher learning committed to produce quality graduates who are research, value and service oriented and entrepreneurially-inclined for the sustainable agri-industrial development of Sorsogon and beyond.
Goal.
To provide quality and relevant instruction which is accessible to all; conduct and promote scientific and technological studies; extend appropriate knowledge, skills and technologies of practical application and undertake income generating projects to meet the needs and demands of various sectors to improve and sustain the quality of life of every Filipino.

</doc>
<doc id="9894134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894134" title="Spaceflight before 1951">
Spaceflight before 1951

This is a list of known spaceflights launched before 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="9894147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894147" title="Clough (disambiguation)">
Clough (disambiguation)

Clough can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9894177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894177" title="Bud Podbielan">
Bud Podbielan

Clarence Anthony Podbielan (March 6, 1924 – October 26, 1982) was an American professional baseball player, a pitcher for the Brooklyn Dodgers (1949–52), Cincinnati Reds (1952–55 and 1957) and Cleveland Indians (1959). He was born in Curlew, Washington.
On May 18, 1953 while pitching for the Cincinnati Reds, Podbielan walked a franchise record thirteen batters in a 10-inning game against the Brooklyn Dodgers.
In 9 seasons he had a 25–42 win-loss record, 172 games, 76 games started, 20 complete games, 2 shutouts, 35 games finished, 3 saves, 641 innings pitched, 693 hits allowed, 362 runs allowed, 320 earned runs allowed, 79 home runs allowed, 245 walks allowed, 242 strikeouts, 17 hit batsmen, 12 wild pitches, 2,792 batters faced and a 4.49 ERA.
He died in Syracuse, New York at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="9894190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894190" title="Galenika">
Galenika

Galenika can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9894205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894205" title="For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf">
For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf

"For colored girls" has been performed Off-Broadway and on Broadway, and adapted as a book, a television film, and a theatrical film. The 1976 Broadway production was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play.
Title.
"For colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf" is a piece of work inspired by events of Shange's own life. Shange has admitted publicly to attempting suicide on four different occasions. In a phone interview conducted with CNN Shange explained how she came to the title of her choreopoem after literally seeing her own rainbow, "I was driving the No. 1 Highway in Northern California and I was overcome by the appearance of two parallel rainbows. I had a feeling of near death or near catastrophe. Then I drove through the rainbow and I went away. Then I put that together to form the title," The colors of the rainbow then became the essence of the women in the choreopoem.
Synopsis.
Structurally, "for colored girls" is a series of 20 poems, collectively called a "choreopoem." Shange's poetry expresses many struggles and obstacles that African-American women may face throughout their lives and is a representation of sisterhood and coming of age as an African-American woman. The poems are choreographed to music that weaves together interconnected stories. The choreopoem is performed by a cast of seven nameless women only identified by the colors they are assigned. They are the lady in red, lady in orange, lady in yellow, lady in green, lady in blue, lady in brown, and lady in purple. Subjects from rape, abandonment, abortion, HIV/AIDS and domestic violence are tackled. By the end of the play them women come together in a circle, symbolizing the unity they have found sharing their stories.
The prologue of the choreopoem “dark phrases” begins with the lady in brown describing the "dark phrases of womanhood" All she hears are screams and promises. Each woman states where she is from, by stating they are outside their respective cities. The lady in brown proclaims that this piece is all for "colored girls who have considered suicide / but moved to the ends of their own rainbows". The women then begin to sing children’s nursery rhymes, "mama's little baby likes shortnin, shortnin" Then all the ladies start to dance to the song “Dancing in the Streets”
The lady in yellow says it was graduation night and she was the only virgin. She was out driving around with her male friends who she has known since the seventh grade in a black Buick, laughing about graduation. After a fight breaks out, the lady in yellow and Bobby leave and end up having sex in the back of the Buick. The other ladies start talking about their sexual preferences.
The lady in blue talks about how she used to participate in dance marathons frequently. One night she refused to dance with anyone that only spoke English. Throughout the monologue she intertwines English and Spanish. During this time she discovered blues clubs. She says she became possessed by the music. She ends her monologue by calling it her poem "thank-you for music," to which she states, "I love you more than poem". She repeats "te amo mas que," and the other women join her, softly chanting.
The lady in red addresses an ambiguous “you” throughout the monologue. She has loved this “you” strongly and passionately “for 8 months, 2 wks, & a day” without any encouragement. She decides end this affar and leaves a not attached to a plant that she has watered every day since she met this person
The lady in orange begins by saying she does not want to write in neither English nor Spanish, but she only wants to dance. She forgets all about words when she starts to dance. She says, we gotta dance to keep form cryin and dyin” and the other ladies repeat her words. The lady in orange then claims that she is a poet "who writes in english / come to share the worlds witchu".
The lady in blue talks about how hard it is to press charges against a friend. The other women begin to ponder and ask questions. The say that maybe it was a misunderstanding, or the woman caused it, and they ask her if she was drinking. The lady in red states that society only believes someone is a rapist if they are a perverted stranger. The women talk about male friends of theirs who have nice smiles and buy them dinner but end up taking advantage of women. The women all share the experience of having been violated by a man they knew while being on the lookout for “the stranger we always thot it wd be” The lady in red states that the "nature of rape has changed." The lights change, the women react to an imaginary slap.
The lady in blue sets the scene with tubes, tables, white washed windows, and her legs spread open. She couldn’t bear to have people looking at her while she got an abortion so she is all alone.
The lady in green describes Sechita's life in the bayou. She is dressed up for the Creole carnival celebration. She embodies the spirit of her namesake, Sechita, the Egyptian goddess of creativity from the 2nd millennium.
The lady in brown describes falling in love with Toussaint L’Ouverture finding Toussaint in the library near the train tracks. The lady in brown talks about entering a contest to see which "colored child" could read 15 books in three weeks and the lady in brown won, but she was disqualified because she went into the adult reading room and read about Toussaint instead of reading the children's books. The lady in brown became obsessed with Toussaint despite the fact that he was dead. He was her “secret lover at age 8” The lady in brown wanted to run away to go to Haiti with Toussaint. On her journey the lady in brown meets a young boy whose name is Toussaint Jones. The lady in brown feels likes she’s met her real life Toussaint and she leaves with him.
The lady in red enters begins by describing a beautiful woman wearing orange butterflies, silk roses, and aqua sequins. This woman is deliberate in all her actions. Although she walked slowly to allow men to gaze at her, she never returned their interest with a smile or acknowledging their catcalls. She was "hot / a deliberate coquette". Her goal was to be unforgettable. In the morning she was her ordinary self and ask her lovers to leave. The men would leave in a hurry, and then she cleaned up and put her roses away. She would write about her exploits in her diary and then, cry herself to sleep.
The lady in blue begins her monologue by explaining that she used to live in the world but now only lives in Harlem, and her universe is only six blocks. She used to walk all over the world and now her world is small and dirty. The lady in blue says that when she used to live in the world where she was nice and sweet but now, now she cannot bring herself to be nice to anyone in this “six blocks of cruelty / piled up on itself”.
The lady in purple joins the ladies in blue, yellow, and orange. She starts by describing them as three friends who shared every aspect of their lives They remember a time when they all were attracted to the same man, but he only could choose one of them. The one who he chose loved him, but worried if her friends could hold out. One day she found the rose she left on his pillow on her friend’s desk. The friend said she did not know what was going on, because the man said he was free. The three friends di not want to hurt one another but they know how wonderful this man could be. The friends hug and cry and go to confront the man, whom they find with another woman. The women cry and comfort each other like sisters.
The lady in orange discusses a relationship that left her heartbroken. She says that ever since she realized that someone would call a “colored girl an evil woman a bitch or a nag,” (56) she has tried not to be that person. She tries and not only give joy, but receive it as well. She finds herself in what she believes to be a real and honest relationship. Yet, the guy keeps going back to his ex-lover. The lady in orange tried to move on by finding another lover, but she wasn’t satisfied. She tried to avoid sadness, but she found herself heartbroken by this man. She could not stand being “sorry & colored at the same time / it’s so redundant in the modern world” 
The lady in purple delibratley choses to dance with men who don’t speak English. Then she meets a man who she gave everything: dance fear, hope and scars. All she wants is to love and be She pleads, "lemme love you just like i am/ a colored girl/ i’m finally bein real” 
The lady in blue proclaims that they all deal with too much emotion that it might be easier to be white. That way they could make everything “dry & abstract wit no rhythm & no /reelin for sheer sensual pleasure”. The lady in blue states that they should try to control their feelings and she is going to take the first step by masturbating. However, she finds that this makes her feel lonely and doesn’t know where to look to feel whole.
The lady in yellow claims to have lost touch with reality because she used to think she was immune to emotional pain, but she realized she is not. She gave her dance but her dance was not enough. She says "bein alive & bein a woman & bein colored is a metaphysical / dilemma / i haven't conquered yet".
The other women come each repeat, "my love is too...delicate/beautiful/sanctified/magic/saturday nite/complicated/music to have thrown back in my face." The ladies begin dancing and chanting together.
The lady in green claims that someone has taken all of her "stuff" She feels that she is the only one that knows and can appreciate the value of her stuff. She describes her stuff as the way she sits with her legs open sometimes, her chewed up fingernails her rhythm, her voice, her talk, her "delicate leg and whimsical kiss" The person who stole her stuff is a man. She made too much room for this man who has run off with her stuff, especially because he doesn't even know that he has it. By the end of the monologue she demands her stuff back from this man.
The ladies start talking about all the apologies they’ve received from men. Some examples include: he is sorry because he does not know how she got your number, sorry because he was high, sorry because he is only human, and sorry because he thought she could handle it. The lady in blue then declares that she does not need any more apologies. She goes on to say that men should keep their apologies for themselves, because she does not need them to soothe her soul. Rather than accepting apologies, she is going to whatever she wants: yell, scream, and break things. And she will not apologize for any of it.
All the ladies participate in reciting the next poem about contracting HIV.AIDS; they share the lines. The ladies talk about how there was never any suspicion about cheating in the relationship. The lady in yellow tells her friends how happy she is in her relationship and her friends tell her, they’ve seen her lover outside the gay bars. The lady in yellow protests, but her friends tell her to get tested. The lady in yellow goes to have her blood drawn without confronting her lover. Two weeks later, the doctor calls the lady in yellow with her patient number (#7QYG9) to inform her that she is HIV positive. The lady in yellow confronts her lover who is angry and tells her he is not gay. He then accuses her of cheating on him. She tells him to get tested but he gets angrier and violent. He throws her to the ground and when she wakes up he is gone and she says, "& i was positive / & not positive at all" 
The lady in orange begins the story of Willie Brown by saying there is no air. Beau Willie is all tied up in the sheets, wishing a friend would come over and bring him some blow or any other kind of drug. The lady in red continues the story, saying that Beau Willie claims there is nothing wrong with him. Beau Willie tried to get veterans' benefits but he cannot read, so he starts driving a cab around the city but the cops always give him a hard time and he is not making any money. The lady in orange and red say that Crystal is pregnant again and Beau beats Crystal almost to death when he hears about her pregnancy. Beau Willie has wanted to marry Crystal since she was 14 but now, she laughs in his face saying she will never marry him. She has the baby there are now two kids. Crystal ends up getting a court order to keep Beau away from her and the children. Beau Willie comes to the house, despite the court order and while he is there he become apologetic saying he just wants to marry her and give her things. The two children run to their father as Crystal watches on. Suddenly he grabs the kids and pushes the screen out the window. Beau Willie tells Crystal she has to agree to marry him. Naomi and Kwame scream and Crystal, in the moment, can only whisper. Beau Willie drops the kids and they die.
The ladies begin the last poem saying that they are missing something: a “layin on of hands”. The hands are strong, cool, movin, and make them whole and pure. The lady in blue says she feels the gods coming into her, laying her open to herself. She goes on to say that she knows about laying her body open for a man but still she was missing something. Finally, all the ladies repeat the lines she says, “i found god in myself / & i loved her/ I loved her fiercely”. They sing to eachother and then the audience, and close into a tight circle with eachother.
Production history.
"For colored girls" was first performed at the Bacchanal, a woman's bar, with four other artists at a women’s bar outside outside of Berkeley, California. About six months after performing the work in California, Shange and her collaborator, Paula Moss, decided to move across the country determined to perform it in New York City’s downtown alternative spaces. At the age of 27, Shange moved to New York where, in July 1975, "for colored girls" was professionally produced in New York City at Studio Rivbea in 1975. 
East coast audiences were soon able to experience Shange’s performance piece at venues including Studio Rivbea, the Old Reliable, and DeMonte’s beginning in July 1975 and then starting in March 1976 at the Henry Street Settlement’s New Federal Theatre. The show grew increasingly popular, especially among African American and Latino audiences. As a result "for colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf" opened at the Public Theater in June 1976. Three months later, in September, it was performed at the Booth Theater on Broadway, where it was continued until July 1978 and ran for 742 shows. Shange performed as the “lady in orange” at the Broadway opening. It was also published in book form in 1977 by Macmillan Publishing, followed by a Literary Guild edition in October 1977 and Bantam Books editions beginning in 1980 
In 1982 "for colored girls" was adapted for television on WNET-TV, PBS, as part of The American Playhouse series. Although "for colored girls" went from a play production to television one, it is considered a telefilm and not a teleplay. The adaptation is considered a telefilm because the performance on WNET-TV was seems as a serious departure from the Broadway production.
In 2009 Tyler Perry announced that he would produce Shange's "for colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf". The film was the first project for 34th Street Films, Perry's new production company housed in Lionsgate The cast included Loretta Devine, Kimberly Elise, Whoopi Goldberg, Janet Jackson, Phylicia Rashād, Anika Noni Rose, Kerry Washington and Thandie Newton. Originally using the play's full title, the film's title was shortened to "For Colored Girls in September 2010.
"American Playhouse" television adaptation.
In 1982 the play was adapted for television on PBS station WNET-TV, as part of the "American Playhouse". The adaptation, directed by Oz Scott, was seen as a serious departure from the Broadway production. A review by the "New York Times" states, "What Miss Shange prefers to call a "choreopoem" has been expanded into realistic settings that too often resemble the sanitized atmosphere of an episode of "Good Times". The net result has been a considerable reduction in the work's emotional impact.” As a result, the television series is often seen as a diluted version of the original choreopoem.
Film adaptation.
On March 25, 2009, the film industry magazine "Variety" reported that Nzingha Stewart, a black female director, had acquired the feature film rights to "for colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf" from Shange and that Lionsgate had signed Stewart to create a screenplay adaptation and direct the film version of the play.
Stewart, at Lionsgate's direction, approached Tyler Perry about producing the film. However, Perry told Lionsgate that if he produced it, he also wanted to write and direct it. Perry then usurped the project from Stewart and scrapped her script. The shift prompted controversy over whether Perry, panned for formulaic, low-brow productions had the skill and consciousness to properly depict an iconic feminist work. Stewart remained on in the token position of executive producer of the film.
On September 3, 2009, Lionsgate announced it had acquired the distribution rights to Tyler Perry's 34th Street Films adaptation of the play, with principal photography originally scheduled to take place in Atlanta, Georgia in November and December 2009. The film, which was retitled "For Colored Girls", was released on November 5, 2010 and was written, directed and produced by Perry. The cast includes Thandie Newton, Loretta Devine, Kimberly Elise, Whoopi Goldberg, Janet Jackson, Phylicia Rashad, Anika Noni Rose, Kerry Washington, Tessa Thompson, Michael Ealy, Macy Gray and Omari Hardwick. Mariah Carey had also been cast, but pulled out in May 2010, citing medical reasons.
Perry's decision to make the book into a film was not met without controversy, with some, such as Oprah Winfrey, having expressed doubts over whether the book should be made into a film at all. Others had reservations based on Perry's position at the helm of such an important book in African American literature, particularly considering the controversies raised by "", a film he lent his name to.
When asked if she held reservations about Perry's adaptation of her work, Shange responded: "I had a lot of qualms. I worried about his characterizations of women as plastic." In reference to the film post-production, she stated that "I think he did a very fine job, although I'm not sure I would call it a finished film."
Awards and nominations.
Sources:
Off-Broadway.
Awards
Broadway.
Awards
Nominations
In addition to receiving several accolades, the play has been described as a landmark piece in African American literature and black feminism.
Legacy.
The title of "", a 2012 anthology of essays edited by Keith Boykin, was based on the title of Shange's play.
External links.
"McNary, David, VARIETY, "Liongate Acquires 'Suicide," 25 March 2009.
"Sergio, SHADOW & ACT, "How Tyler Perry Got "For Colored Girls...," September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9894223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894223" title="Mallikassery">
Mallikassery

Etymology.
The place name originated from the story of Mallika named girl drawn in Ponnozhukum Thodu. 
Location.
Mallikassery is a small village near Paika, in Elikulam Panchayat, Kanjirappally Taluk, in Kottayam district, in the state of Kerala, India. A bus route from Paika to Pinnakkanadu cuts across Mallikassery. Ponnozhukumthodu, a tributary to the river Meenachil, flows by Mallikassery. Institutions in the village include St. Thomas Church, St. Dominic Savio U.P. School,SNDP.Sree Narayana Guru Temple, and CRM minor seminary. The village has outstanding natural beauty.
Industry.
Mallikassery is an agricultural area. Mallikassery is a major rubber producing region, with rubber estates from 100 to 500 acres.Mallikassery is an Industrial area of Elikulam Panchayath.There are three factorys .Eva Hawai,Heaviya Rubber products,Kokad Pharmasuticals.
Transport.
There are private busses plying through Mallikassery. The Paika-Pinnakanad Road, passing through Mallikassery, is a short cut route to Erumeli and hence Sabarimala. The nearest town is Paika. From Mallikassery, transport reaches most of the bigger towns in this region which includes Palai, Kanjirappally, Erattupetta, and Ponkunnam. The District Capital Kottayam lies 39 km west.
Population.
The population consists of almost equal population of Syrian Catholic Christians and Hindus.

</doc>
<doc id="9894237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894237" title="Gene nomenclature">
Gene nomenclature

Gene nomenclature is the scientific naming of genes, the units of heredity in living organisms. An international committee published recommendations for genetic symbols and nomenclature in 1957. The need to develop formal guidelines for human gene names and symbols was recognized in the 1960s and full guidelines were issued in 1979 (Edinburgh Human Genome Meeting). Several other species-specific research communities (e.g., Drosophila, mouse) have adopted nomenclature standards, as well, and have published them on the relevant model organism websites and in scientific journals, including the "Trends in Genetics" Genetic Nomenclature Guide. Scientists familiar with a particular gene family may work together to revise the nomenclature for the entire set of genes when new information becomes available. For many genes and their corresponding proteins, an assortment of alternate names is in use across the scientific literature and public biological databases, posing a challenge to effective organization and exchange of biological information. Standardization of nomenclature thus tries to achieve the benefits of vocabulary control and bibliographic control, although adherence is voluntary.
Nomenclature guidelines.
Species-specific resources.
The HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee is responsible for providing human gene naming guidelines and approving new, unique human gene names and symbols (short form abbreviations). For some non-human species, model organism databases serve as central repositories of guidelines and help resources, including advice from curators and nomenclature committees. In addition to species-specific databases, approved gene names and symbols for many species can be located in the National Center for Biotechnology Information's Entrez Gene database.
The nomenclature for bacteria differs from the one used for eukaryotic species Bacterial_genetic_nomenclature.
Vertebrate gene and protein symbol conventions.
The research communities of vertebrate model organisms have adopted guidelines whereby genes in these species are given, whenever possible, the same names as their human orthologs. The use of prefixes on gene symbols to indicate species (e.g., "Z" for zebrafish) is discouraged. The recommended formatting of printed gene and protein symbols varies between species.
Human.
Gene symbols generally are italicised, with all letters in uppercase (e.g., "SHH", for sonic hedgehog). Italics are not necessary in gene catalogs. Protein designations are the same as the gene symbol, but are not italicised, with all letters in uppercase (SHH). mRNAs and cDNAs use the same formatting conventions as the gene symbol.
Mouse and rat.
Gene symbols generally are italicised, with only the first letter in uppercase and the remaining letters in lowercase ("Shh"). Italics are not required on web pages. Protein designations are the same as the gene symbol, but are not italicised and all are upper case (SHH).
Chicken ("Gallus" sp.).
Nomenclature generally follows the conventions of human nomenclature. Gene symbols generally are italicised, with all letters in uppercase (e.g., "NLGN1", for neuroligin1). Protein designations are the same as the gene symbol, but are not italicised; all letters are in uppercase (NLGN1). mRNAs and cDNAs use the same formatting conventions as the gene symbol.
Anole lizard ("Anolis" sp.).
Gene symbols are italicised and all letters are in lowercase ("shh"). Protein designations are the same as the gene symbol, are not italicised, and all letters are in uppercase (SHH).
Frog ("Xenopus" sp.).
Gene symbols are italicised and all letters are in lowercase ("shh"). Protein designations are the same as the gene symbol, are not italicised; the first letter is in uppercase and the remaining letters are in lowercase (Shh).
Zebrafish.
Gene symbols are italicised, with all letters in lowercase ("shh"). Protein designations are the same as the gene symbol, but are not italicised; the first letter is in uppercase and the remaining letters are in lowercase (Shh).
See also Bacterial Genetic Nomenclature
Gene and protein symbol and description in copyediting.
"Expansion" (glossing).
A nearly universal rule in copyediting of articles for public health journals is that abbreviations and acronyms must be expanded at first use, to provide a glossing type of explanation. Typically no exceptions are permitted except for small lists of especially well known terms (such as "DNA" or "HIV"). Although readers with high subject-matter expertise do not need most of these expansions, those with intermediate or (especially) low expertise are appropriately served by them. 
One complication that gene and protein symbols bring to this general rule is that they are not, accurately speaking, abbreviations or acronyms, despite the fact that many were originally coined via abbreviating or acronymic etymology. They are pseudoacronyms (as "SAT" and "KFC" also are) because they do not "stand for" any expansion. Rather, the relationship of a gene symbol to the gene name is functionally the relationship of a nickname to a formal name (both are complete identifiers)—it is not the relationship of an acronym to its expansion. In fact, many official gene symbol–gene name pairs do not even share their initial-letter sequences (although some do). Nevertheless, gene and protein symbols "look just like" abbreviations and acronyms, which presents the problem that "failing" to "expand" them (even though it is not actually a failure and there are no true expansions) creates the appearance of violating the spell-out-all-acronyms rule. 
One common way of reconciling these two opposing forces is simply to exempt all gene and protein symbols from the glossing rule. This is certainly fast and easy to do, and in highly specialized journals, it is also justified because the entire target readership has high subject matter expertise. (Experts aren't confused by the presence of symbols (whether known or novel) and they know where to look them up online for further details if needed.) But for journals with broader and more general target readerships, this action leaves the readers without any explanatory annotation and can leave them wondering what the apparent-abbreviation stands for and why it was not explained. Therefore a good alternative solution is simply to put either the official gene name or a suitable short description (gene alias/other designation) in parentheses after the first use of the official gene/protein symbol. This meets both the formal requirement (the presence of a gloss) and the functional requirement (helping the reader to know what the symbol refers to). The same guideline applies to shorthand names for sequence variations; AMA says, "In general medical publications, textual explanations should accompany the shorthand terms at first mention." Thus "188del11" is glossed as "an 11-bp deletion at nucleotide 188." This corollary rule (which forms an adjunct to the spell-everything-out rule) often also follows the "abbreviation-leading" style of expansion that is becoming more prevalent in recent years. Traditionally, the abbreviation always followed the fully expanded form in parentheses at first use. This is still the general rule. But for certain classes of abbreviations or acronyms (such as clinical trial acronyms "ECOG" or standardized polychemotherapy regimens "CHOP"), this pattern may be reversed, because the short form is more widely used and the expansion is merely parenthetical to the discussion at hand. The same is true of gene/protein symbols.
Styling.
Some basic conventions, such as (1) that animal/human homolog (ortholog) pairs differ in letter case (title case and all caps, respectively) and (2) that the symbol is italicized when referring to the gene but nonitalic when referring to the protein, are often not followed by contributors to public health journals. Many journals have the copyeditors restyle the casing and formatting to the extent feasible, although in complex genetics discussions only subject-matter experts (SMEs) can effortlessly parse them all. One example that illustrates the potential for ambiguity among non-SMEs is that some official gene names have the word "protein" within them, so the phrase "brain protein I3 ("BRI3")" (referring to the gene) and "brain protein I3 (BRI3)" (referring to the protein) are both valid. The "AMA Manual" gives another example: both "the TH gene" and "the "TH" gene" can validly be parsed as correct ("the gene for tyrosine hydroxylase"), because the first mentions the alias (description) and the latter mentions the symbol. This seems confusing on the surface, although it is easier to understand when explained as follows: in this gene's case, as in many others, the alias (description) "happens to use the same letter string" that the symbol uses. (The matching of the letters is of course acronymic in origin and thus the phrase "happens to" implies more coincidence than is actually present; but phrasing it that way helps to make the explanation clearer.) There is no way for a non-SME to know this is the case for any particular letter string without looking up every gene from the manuscript in a database such as NCBI Gene, reviewing its symbol, name, and alias list, and doing some mental cross-referencing and double-checking (plus it helps to have biochemical knowledge). Most medical journals do not (in some cases cannot) pay for that level of fact-checking as part of their copyediting service level; therefore, it remains the author's responsibility. However, as pointed out earlier, many authors make little attempt to follow the letter case or italic guidelines; and regarding protein symbols, they often won't use the official symbol at all. For example, although the guidelines would call p53 protein "TP53" in humans or "Tp53" in rats, most authors call it "p53" in both (and even refuse to call it "TP53" if edits or queries try to), although they are usually willing to call the gene "TP53", and may even do so without being prompted by a query. The end result is that the published literature often does not follow the nomenclature guidelines.

</doc>
<doc id="9894259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894259" title="Pigeon Island (Saint Lucia)">
Pigeon Island (Saint Lucia)

Pigeon Island is a islet located in Gros Islet in the northern region of Saint Lucia. Once isolated from the country in the Caribbean Sea, the island was artificially joined to the western coast of mainland in 1972 by a man-made causeway built from dirt excavated to form the Rodney Bay Marina. Composed of two peaks the island is a historic site with numerous forts such as an 18th-century British fort and Fort Rodney both used by the British to spy on French Ships from neighbouring Martinique. In 1979 it was named a national park and again in 1992 it became a national landmark under the control of the Saint Lucia National Trust. Today, Pigeon Island is the home and major venue of the Saint Lucia Jazz Festival.
History.
The Arawak people, the original inhabitants of Pigeon island, were driven out by the Caribs around 1000 A.D. The Caribs lived in caves along the shore of the island, and hunted for fish, shellfish, small animals and birds. They also foraged for plant food. In the 16th century, a French pirate, François le Clerc, used Pigeon Island as his base. He forged an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship. 
In 1778, Admiral George Rodney took over Pigeon island, expelled the natives, and built a fort on the smaller of the two peaks. This fort is known as Fort Rodney. To establish clear sightlines, Rodney ordered all trees on Pigeon Island to be cut down. From the higher peak, Signal Hill, Rodney was able to observe the French naval base on Martinique.
Over the next several years, the British built several other structures on Pigeon Island, including two barracks, a mess hall, and a lime vat.
In 1782, Admiral Rodney sailed from Pigeon Island to confront the French fleet, which he defeated in the Battle of Saints. 
In 1824, a barracks which had been destroyed by a hurricane in 1817 was rebuilt.
Geography.
Pigeon Island like the rest of Saint Lucia is volcanic and mountainous in nature with the same tropical, humid climate moderated by northeast trade winds as the mainland.
See also.
Saint Lucia
Saint Lucia Jazz Festival
Rodney Bay
Gros-Islet

</doc>
<doc id="9894265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894265" title="Robert J. McIntosh">
Robert J. McIntosh

Robert John McIntosh (September 16, 1922 – March 22, 2008) was a politician and pilot from the U.S. state of Michigan.
McIntosh was born in Port Huron, Michigan and graduated from Port Huron High School in 1940. He attended Michigan State University, East Lansing from 1940 to 1944. He received a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School in 1948, and in the same year was admitted to the bar and commenced the practice of law in Port Huron.
McIntosh served in the United States Air Force from 1942 to 1945 and was assigned to the Eighth Air Force in England as a fighter pilot. He served as assistant prosecuting attorney of Saint Clair County from 1949 to 1951 and as postmaster at Port Huron from October 1, 1953, to February 4, 1955.
In 1956, McIntosh was elected as a Republican from Michigan's 7th congressional district to the 85th United States Congress, serving from January 3, 1957 to January 3, 1959. He was and unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1958 and again in 1960, being defeated both times by Democrat James G. O'Hara.
In 1963, McIntosh served as chairman of the Michigan State Public Service Commission. He also served as executive assistant to Michigan Governor George W. Romney from 1964 to 1965 and as director of the Michigan Department of Commerce in 1966. He resumed the practice of law and was a resident of Port Huron, Michigan and Vero Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9894274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894274" title="Gudamaqari">
Gudamaqari

Gudamaq'ari (Gudamakari; ) is a small historical geographic area in northeast Georgia on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountains. Located along the river valley of Aragvi, it is bordered by Mtiuleti on the west, Khevi on the north, Khevsureti and Pshavi on the east, and Khando and Ch'artali communities on the south. Gudamaq'ari is sometimes viewed as a part of Mtiuleti. Modern administrative subdivision of Georgia places the area in the Mtskheta-Mtianeti mkhare (region).
The inhabitants of Gudamaq’ari – Gudamaq’relebi (გუდამაყრელები) – are first chronicled by the 11th century Georgian historian Leonti Mroveli in connection with the conversion of Iberia/Kartli by St. Nino in the 330s. A strategic road running through this area played an important role in medieval Georgia and was much later, under the Imperial Russian rule, connected to the Georgian Military Road.

</doc>
<doc id="9894290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894290" title="Axel-Herman Nilsson">
Axel-Herman Nilsson

Axel-Herman Nilsson (December 31, 1894 – May 12, 1989) was a Swedish Nordic skier who competed in the 1920s.
He was born and died in Stockholm.
Nilsson competed in the first two Winter Olympics in the individual large hill ski jumping, finishing sixth in the 1924 competition and fourth in 1928 event. He also finished fifth in the Nordic combined competition in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="9894301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894301" title="List of computer simulation software">
List of computer simulation software

The following is a list of notable computer simulation software.

</doc>
<doc id="9894303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894303" title="Hermin Joseph">
Hermin Joseph

Hermin Joseph (born 13 April 1964) is a retired Dominican sprinter.
Her greatest international achievement was a sixth place at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, Canada. At the World Championships she reached the quarter-finals of the 200 metres competition in 1993 and of the 100 metres competition in 1995.
She also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, which was the first Olympic participation of the Caribbean country.

</doc>
<doc id="9894308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894308" title="Jeanfield Swifts F.C.">
Jeanfield Swifts F.C.

Jeanfield Swifts F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club based in Perth. Their home ground is Riverside Stadium, located on Bute Drive in the North Muirton area of the city, to which they moved in 2006 from Simpson Park, where they had been plagued by fires and vandalism.
Up until the end of the 2005–06 season, they played in Tayside Division One in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region, and they won the championship in the division's final season. The SJFA restructured prior to the 2006–07 season, and Swifts found themselves in the twelve-team East Region Central Division. They finished in seventh place in their first season in the division. After a further five seasons in the division, they were promoted to the East Region Premier League as champions in 2011–12.
Swifts are one of two Junior football clubs based in Perth, the other being Kinnoull.
League history since 1990.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="9894318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894318" title="Bredasdorp">
Bredasdorp

Bredasdorp is a town in the Southern Overberg region of the Western Cape, South Africa, and the main economic and service hub of that region. It lies on the northern edge of the Agulhas Plain, about south-east of Cape Town and north of Cape Agulhas, the southernmost tip of Africa.
History.
The town of Bredasdorp was founded with the building of a Dutch Reformed Church in 1838 on the farm Langefontein. The town was named after Michiel van Breda, the first Mayor of Cape Town, who was also known as the father of South Africa's merino sheep industry. Van Breda and Pieter Voltelyn van der Byl could not agree on a location for the church; as a result two churches were built, and two towns, Bredasdorp and Napier, were established.
Government.
Bredasdorp is located in the Cape Agulhas Local Municipality; as the largest town in the municipality, Bredasdorp is divided between its second, third and fourth wards. The local municipality in turn forms part of the Overberg District Municipality; Bredasdorp is the location of the head offices of both municipalities.
Geography.
Bredasdorp is situated at an elevation of between on the slopes of the Heuningberg (Afrikaans for "Honey Mountain"). There is no significant watercourse flowing through the town, although the Kars Rivier flows past a few kilometres to the east.
Bredasdorp shares in the Mediterranean climate experienced in most of the Western Cape. Its proximity to the ocean, which is less than away at Arniston, moderates the variation of temperature. Bredasdorp is mostly surrounded by farmland, chiefly grain, cattle and sheep farming; on the south-west side of the town the Heuningberg Nature Reserve protects the indigenous fynbos vegetation.
Demography.
In the census of 2001, the population of Bredasdorp consisted of 12,749 people living in 3,558 households. 68% of the people described themselves as "Coloured", 26% as "White" and 6% as "Black African". 92% spoke Afrikaans as their first language, 5% spoke Xhosa, and 3% spoke English.
Economy.
Besides the sheep farming, the town also boasts other agricultural activities, including wheat, canola, milk, and indigenous fynbos cultivation. The town is also the location of the offices of Kapula Candles, an international candle company that exports hand-painted candles to Europe and the United States. The population of the town got a boost during the middle 1980's with the establishment of both the Test Flight & Development Centre (South African Air Force) as well as the Overbreg Test Range (Denel) near the small coastal village of Arniston. Development in the town is very rapid, with a number of prominent South African business franchises opening their doors during 2009 and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9894329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894329" title="Kamer-Kollezhsky Val">
Kamer-Kollezhsky Val

Kamer-Kollezhsky Val (Камер-Коллежский Вал, lit. Kamer Collegium Rampart) is a ring of streets around the center of Moscow, Russia. It is the third historical ring of Moscow (after Boulevard Ring and Garden Ring), with a total length of 37 kilometers, partially integrated into the modern Third Ring circular highway. Kamer-Kollezhsky Val is not a road ring in a strict sense, as it has no crossings over Moskva River.
The rampart was built in 1731-1742 by Kamer Collegium (tax authority, one of 12 colleges of Peter I), originally as an earth wall with 16 (later 18) guarded checkpoints (застава, zastava) for internal passport control and taxing the cargoes. By 1806, it became Moscow's police border, by 1864 - the administrative border between the city, controlled by Moscow City Hall and country, controlled by Zemstvo.
Checkpoints were abandoned in 1852, and all fortifications gradually demolished. Names of streets and squares on the site of old rampart end in Russian words "Val" (Rampart) and "Zastava" (Checkpoint), i.e. Rogozhsky Val. Exceptions:
Territories around the rampart developed in the second half of the 19th century as industrial, working-class neighborhoods.
The Third Ring, built in the 1990s, coincides with the rampart in its northern segment; in the north-eastern segment (Lefortovo), the rampart extends beyond Third Ring; elsewhere, the Third Ring extends beyond the rampart. Likewise, the boundary of Central Administrative District is distinct from both Kamer-Kollezhsky Val and Third Ring.

</doc>
<doc id="9894336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894336" title="Mariska Karasz">
Mariska Karasz

Mariska Karasz (1898, Budapest, Hungary - 1960, Danbury, Connecticut) was a Hungarian-American fashion designer, author, and textile artist.
Karasz learned to sew as a young girl in Hungary. She moved to New York in 1914 and soon established a successful career as a fashion designer. Her foreign background and new American identity defined her custom clothing for women in the 1920s, which combined Hungarian folk elements with a modern American style. In the early 1930s, after her marriage to Donald Peterson and the births of her two daughters, Solveig and Rosamond, Karasz began designing modern children's clothing, which was admired by parents, scholars, and critics for its practicality and originality. Her career in fashion ended in the early 1940s, following a studio fire and the entry of the United States into World War II.
In 1947, during the rise of American studio craft and abstract expressionism, Karasz began creating embroidered wall hangings. She exhibited her work in museums and galleries across the county, in over 60 solo shows during the 1950s. Her increasingly abstract wall hangings mixing fibers such as silk, cotton, wool, and hemp with horsehair and wood garnered her extensive national, and even international, attention. Critics repeatedly praised her for her skillful and unusual use of color, her creative combinations of materials, and her inspiring efforts to promote a modern approach to embroidery.
She also authored the book "Adventures in Stitches" in 1949 (republished in an expanded version in 1959), an influential book on creative needlework, and served as guest needlework editor for "House Beautiful" from 1952-1953.
The first retrospective of her work took place at the Georgia Museum of Art from January 20 to April 15, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9894351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894351" title="Persuasion (EP)">
Persuasion (EP)

"Persuasion" was released in 1993 on Guerilla Records as a collaboration between singer Billie Ray Martin and Spooky. It was re-issued in 2003 with the addition of a mix previously available only on a compilation. It is a cover of a song originally written and recorded in 1979 by Throbbing Gristle.

</doc>
<doc id="9894370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894370" title="The Little Prince and the Aviator">
The Little Prince and the Aviator

The Little Prince and the Aviator is a musical with a book by Hugh Wheeler, lyrics by Don Black, and music by John Barry.
Based on the classic book by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, the musical deviates from the original in that aviator Toni, whose plane crashes in the Sahara Desert, explicitly is real-life author Saint-Exupéry, and the plot alternates flashbacks to actual events in his life with his interaction with the fictional Little Prince, a refugee from Asteroid B-612.
Undaunted by the critical and commercial failure of the 1974 musical screen adaptation by Lerner and Loewe, A. Joseph Tandent, a co-producer of the movie who owned the rights to the story, proceeded with his plans for a Broadway production. To save money, he decided to forgo an out-of-town tryout.
Previews began on December 26, 1981 at the Alvin Theatre. Directed by Jerry Adler and choreographed by Billy Wilson, it starred Michael York as the Aviator and Anthony Rapp as the Little Prince, with Ellen Greene in a supporting role.
The show closed after sixteen previews. Producer Tandent sued the Nederlander Organization, claiming they had forced him to shut down the production with their demands for more money during its final week. He eventually was awarded $1,000,000, representing two-thirds of his investment.

</doc>
<doc id="9894401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894401" title="Advanced d20 Magic">
Advanced d20 Magic

Advanced d20 Magic is an alternative spellcasting system for the "Dungeons and Dragons" role-playing game and the d20 System role-playing game. It is published by Guardians of Order, the producers of the Big Eyes Small Mouth game and the Slayers d20 game. The system presents a DC-based Magic System similar to the Sovereign Stone game published by Sovereign Press.
Dynamic spellcasting.
"Advanced d20 Magic" introduces a new spellcasting system called "Dynamic Spellcasting" to the d20 System. Dynamic Spellcasting is an alternative system to the standard "Vancian" System that was based on the magic system in Jack Vance's "Dying Earth" series. Instead of memorizing and preparing spells, a spellcaster can cast any spell he or she knows as a standard action without any special ingredients or other actions. In effect, a spellcaster can cast any spell he or she knows as often as she desires. 
This is balanced by the fact that a spellcaster must save against spell drain. In "BESM d20", this is represented by the fact that a spell drains energy points. In a regular Fantasy d20 game, this is represented by the spellcaster inflicting non-lethal damage on himself or herself.
DC based spells.
In "Advanced d20 Magic" each spell in the SRD is assigned a Difficulty Class. This Difficulty Class is nominally based on the Wizard class in the Dungeons & Dragons game, and the base difficulty class ranges from 10 for 0-level spells, to 51 for 9th level spells. These DCs are further modified by other properties of the spell—whether or not if they require time to cast the spell or material components in the regular Vancian system.
DC based item creation.
Also, in "Advanced d20 Magic" is a DC based item creation system. Also dynamically different from the standard Item Creation Rules in the d20 system, a Spellcaster isn't limited by what magic spell to use or what level to determine a spell's potency. Instead, he or she can use any similar spell such as "Fireball", "Flame Blade", or "Flaming Sphere" to create a flaming sword. The player just needs to create the item, the gamemaster needs to set a difficulty, and the player needs to roll a fortitude save against the difficulty class. It's that simple.
Spells already converted.
There is a large number of spells already converted to the Advanced d20 Magic system. These come out of the SRD. Every spell that is in the Dungeons and Dragons Player's Handbook is already converted. Also included in the system is a spell conversion system so a Gamemaster can convert his favorite spells from other resources.
Criticisms against dynamic spellcasting.
Critics cite the heavy use of mathematics involved in the Dynamic Spellcasting mechanics. A player needs to do some hefty calculations which could slow game play, because there are so many options for modifying the fortitude saving throw against spell drain. For instance, a fifth level Wizard in order to cast "Fireball" (DC 31) would have a +5 spellcasting modifier. Plus he can cast it as an Invocation (+5), an Evocation (+5), and add expendable foci (+2) = which brings the DC down to 14. And the mage can bring it down by adding other options. Such math can slow down game play for some players.

</doc>
<doc id="9894413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894413" title="Ribston Pippin">
Ribston Pippin

'Ribston Pippin' is a triploid cultivar of apples, also known as 'Essex Pippin', 'Beautiful Pippin', 'Formosa', 'Glory of York', 'Ribstone', 'Rockhill's Russet' and 'Travers'.
Origin.
This apple was grown in 1708 from one of three apple pips sent from Normandy to Sir Henry Goodricke of Ribston Hall at Knaresborough, Yorkshire; the original trunk did not die until 1835. It then sent up a new shoot and, on the same root, lived until 1928.
The 'Ribston Pippin' is one of the possible parents of 'Cox's Orange Pippin'. 
Description.
The apple skin is a yellow, flushed orange, streaked red with russet at the base and apex. The yellow flesh is firm, fine-grained, and sweet with a pear taste. Irregularly shaped and sometimes lopsided, the apple is usually round to conical in shape and flattened at the base with distinct ribbing. Weather conditions during ripening cause a marbling or water coring of the flesh, and in very hot weather, the fruit will ripen prematurely.
Culture.
A vigorous tree with upright growth, its medium-sized ovate to oval-shaped leaves are a deep green color and distinctly folded with sharp, regular, and shallow serrations. The surface of the leaf is smooth and dull with a heavy pubescence. 
It is very slow to begin bearing, and the proper pollinators will increase the fruitfulness. 'Lord Lambourne' has been recommended for a pollinator, as well as 'Adam's Pearmain', 'James Grieve', and 'Egremont Russet'. 
'Ribston Pippin' has one of the highest vitamin C contents; 30 mg/100g.
In literature.
The apple appears in a verse by Hilaire Belloc called "The False Heart": 
Also it is in Thomas Hardy's "The Return of the Native" - second book, chapter two: "Now a few russets, Tamsin. He used to like those as well as ribstones."

</doc>
<doc id="9894468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894468" title="RCOS">
RCOS

rCOS stands for refinement of object and component systems. It is a formal method providing component-based model-driven software development.
Overview.
rCOS was originally developed by He Jifeng, Zhiming Liu and Xiaoshan Li at UNU-IIST in Macau, and consists of a unified multi-view modeling notation with a theory of relational semantic and graph-based operational semantics, a refinement calculus and tool support for model construction, model analysis and verification, and model transformations. Model transformations automate refinement rules and design patterns and generate conditions as proof obligations. rCOS support multiple dimensional modeling: models at different levels of abstraction related by refinement relations, hierarchy of compositions of components, and models of different views of the system (interaction protocols of components, reactive behaviors of components, data functionality, and class structures and data types). Components are composed and integrated based on their models of interfaces to support third party composition.

</doc>
<doc id="9894470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894470" title="Pleckstrin">
Pleckstrin

Pleckstrin is a protein found in platelets. The name derives from platelet and leukocyte C kinase substrate and the KSTR string of amino acids.
It is the source of the name pleckstrin homology domain.

</doc>
<doc id="9894471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894471" title="J'Vonne Parker">
J'Vonne Parker

J'Vonne Dieunti Parker (born June 7, 1982 in Scotland Neck, North Carolina) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Rutgers.
Parker has also been a member of the Dallas Cowboys, Baltimore Ravens, Atlanta Falcons, Carolina Panthers and Denver Broncos.
Early years.
Parker attended Newark Tech.
College career.
Parker played college football at Rutgers. As a senior, he played in 11 games recording 19 tackles.
Professional career.
First stint with Browns.
Parker was originally signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted rookie free agent on April 29, 2005. After spending some time on their active roster where he played in four games making five tackles, he was waived on September 3, 2006.
Dallas Cowboys.
The following day he was claimed by the Dallas Cowboys and appeared in two games before being waived.
Second stint with Browns.
He was again signed by the Browns but did not get any playing time.
Baltimore Ravens.
On October 18, 2007, Parker was signed to the practice squad of the Baltimore Ravens. He was released on October 8, 2008.
Atlanta Falcons.
On October 29, 2008, Parker was signed to the practice squad of the Atlanta Falcons. The team released defensive end Sean Conover to make room for Parker.
Carolina Panthers.
Parker was signed by the Carolina Panthers on December 23, 2008 when defensive tackle Gary Gibson was placed on Injured reserve.
Denver Broncos.
On March 10, 2009, he was signed by the Denver Broncos. He was placed on season-ending injured reserve on August 8.
On March 11, 2010 the Denver Broncos released Parker along with ILB Andra Davis.
References.
http://www.denverbroncos.com/page.php?id=334&storyID=9966

</doc>
<doc id="9894480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894480" title="Edgardo Adinolfi">
Edgardo Adinolfi

Edgardo Alberto Adinolfi Duarte (; born March 27, 1974) is a Uruguayan football player. He has played club football in Uruguay, Israel, Argentina, Cyprus and Spain.
International career.
Adinolfi has won the Copa América 1995 with the Uruguayan national football team, scoring in the semifinal against Colombia. He played a total of 18 games for Uruguay between 1994 and 1997. He made his debut for Uruguay on October 19, 1994 in a friendly match against Peru (0-1 win) in the Estadio Nacional José Díaz in Lima, Peru.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9894484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894484" title="Zhiming Liu (computer scientist)">
Zhiming Liu (computer scientist)

Zhiming Liu (, born 10 October 1961, Hebei Province, China) is a computer scientist. He studied mathematics in Luoyang, Henan Province in China and obtained his first degree in 1982. He holds a master degree in Computer Science from the Institute of Software of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (1988), and a PhD degree from the University of Warwick (1991). His PhD thesis was on "Fault-Tolerant Programming by Transformations". 
After his PhD, Zhiming Liu worked as a guest scientist at the Department of Computer Science, Technical University of Denmark, Lyngby in 1991–1992. Then he returned to the University of Warwick and worked as a postdoctoral research fellow on formal techniques in real-time and fault-tolerant systems till October 1994 when he became a university lecturer in Computer Science at the University of Leicester (UK). He worked at UNU-IIST during 2002-2013 at UNU-IIST as Research fellow and Senior Research Fellow. He joined Birmingham City University (UK) in October 2013 as the Professor of Software Engineering. 
Zhiming Liu's main research interest is in the areas of formal methods of computer systems design, including real-time systems, fault-tolerant systems, object-oriented and component-based systems. His research results have been published in mainstream journals and conferences. His joint work with Mathai Joseph work on fault tolerance gives a formal model that defines precisely the notions of "fault", "error", "failure" and "fault-tolerance", and their relations. It also gives the properties that models of fault-affected programs and fault-tolerant programs in terms of model transformations. They proposed a design process for fault-tolerant systems from requirement specifications and analysis, fault environment identification and analysis, specification of fault-affected design and verification of fault-tolerance for satisfaction of the requirements specification. In collaboration with Zhou Chaochen and Anders Ravn, et al., he also developed a Probabilistic Duration Calculus for system dependability analysis. His recent work with He Jifeng and Xiaoshan Li on the rCOS theory of semantics and refinement of object-oriented and component-based design is being developed into a method with tool support for component-based and model-driven software development .
Zhiming Liu is the founder of International Colloquium on Theoretical Aspects of Computing (ICTAC), the International Symposium on Formal Aspects of Component Software (FACS), and International Symposium On Foundations of Health Information Engineering and systems (FHIES). He has served as a PC chair for a number of conferences and PC members of a number of conferences. He has also edited a number of books. 
Zhiming Liu is married to Hong Zhao with two sons, Kim Chang Liu and Edward Tanze Liu.

</doc>
<doc id="9894486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894486" title="1994–95 French Division 1">
1994–95 French Division 1

FC Nantes won Division 1 season 1994/1995 of the French Association Football League with 79 points and only one defeat.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Division 1 season 1995/1996

</doc>
<doc id="9894490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894490" title="Your Love">
Your Love

Your Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9894492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894492" title="Mariusz">
Mariusz

Mariusz is a Slavic man's name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9894512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894512" title="Manitoba Club">
Manitoba Club

Established in 1874, the Manitoba Club is the oldest private club in western Canada. The Manitoba Club was originally established as a gentleman's club in 1874. 
The club was once known as "the famous Manitoba Club" across Canada and throughout the northern United States. Dignitaries who have visited the club include Mark Twain, General William Tecumseh Sherman, Princes of Monaco, Jordan and Iran, every Canadian Prime Minister through the 1940s, the British High Commissioner and many others.
Sir Hugh John Macdonald, the son of Canada's first Prime Minister, served as President of the Manitoba Club from 1896 to 1899—shortly before the construction of its current home. He also became the leader of the fledgling Manitoba Conservative Party in 1897, and was elected the 8th Premier of Manitoba in Dec. 1899, as MLA for Winnipeg South.
The club has been located at its present location at 194 Broadway, Winnipeg, since 1905. This building was officially opened by His Excellency Sir Albert Henry George Grey, 4th Earl Grey, Governor General of Canada, on October 10, 1905. 
The Institute for stained glass in Canada has documented the stained glass at the Manitoba Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9894524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894524" title="Sally Jackson">
Sally Jackson

Sally Jackson is an American scholar of argumentation, communication, and rhetoric. She is a professor of communication at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Jackson received three degrees from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and has held faculty positions at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Michigan State University, the University of Oklahoma, and the University of Arizona. At Arizona she also served in a series of administrative positions, including Vice Provost/Vice President for Learning and Information Technologies and Chief Information Officer. In 2007 she returned to the University of Illinois as a faculty member and Chief Information Officer of the campus. She resigned from the position of CIO in 2011 but remains a faculty member.
Jackson's research has focused on communication design across a number of contexts, including the natural design of argumentative discourse, the design of classroom argumentation protocols, and the engineering of complex sociotechnical systems. Her work has appeared in "Communication Monographs, Communication Theory, Journal of the American Forensic Association, Quarterly Journal of Speech, and Argumentation," among other journals. She has written or co-authored three books. 
Jackson's awards include: 
from the National Communication Association:
from the American Forensic Association:
from the International Society for the Study of Argumentation:

</doc>
<doc id="9894534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894534" title="J. Tinsley Oden">
J. Tinsley Oden

J. Tinsley Oden (born December 25, 1936 in Alexandria, Louisiana) is the Associate Vice President for Research, the Director of the Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences, the Cockrell Family Regents' Chair in Engineering #2, the Peter O'Donnell, Jr. Centennial Chair in Computing Systems, a Professor of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics and a Professor of Mathematics at The University of Texas at Austin. Oden has been listed as an ISI Highly Cited Author in Engineering by the ISI Web of Knowledge, Thomson Scientific Company.
Dr. Oden was the founding Director of the Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences (ICES), which was created in January 2003 as an expansion of the Texas Institute for Computational and Applied Mathematics, also directed by Oden for over a decade. The Institute supports broad interdisciplinary research and academic programs in computational engineering and sciences, involving four colleges and 17 academic departments within UT Austin.
He finished secondary school in Alexandria in 1955 and entered Louisiana State University in the fall of that year. He earned a B.S. degree in civil engineering from LSU in 1959. Dr. Oden earned a PhD in engineering mechanics from Oklahoma State University in 1962. He taught at OSU and The University of Alabama in Huntsville, where he was the head of the Department of Engineering Mechanics prior to going to Texas in 1973. He has held visiting professor positions at other universities in the United States, England, and Brazil.
An author of over 500 scientific publications: books, book chapters, conference papers, and monographs, Dr. Oden is an editor of the series, Finite Elements in Flow Problems and of Computational Methods in Nonlinear Mechanics. Among the 49 books and book chapters he has authored or edited are Contact Problems in Elasticity, a six-volume series: Finite Elements, An Introduction to the Mathematical Theory of Finite Elements, and several textbooks, including Applied Functional Analysis and Mechanics of Elastic Structures, and, more recently, A Posteriori Error Estimation in Finite Element Analysis, with M. Ainsworth. His treatise, Finite Elements of Nonlinear Continua, published in 1972 and subsequently translated into Russian, Chinese, and Japanese, is cited as having not only demonstrated the great potential of computational methods for producing quantitative realizations of the most complex theories of physical behavior of materials and mechanical systems, but also established computational mechanics as a new intellectually rich discipline that was built upon deep concepts in mathematics, computer sciences, physics, and mechanics. Computational Mechanics has since become a fundamentally important discipline throughout the world, taught in every major university, and the subject of continued research and intellectual activity. Dr. Oden has published extensively in this field and in related areas over the last three decades.
Honors and awards.
In 2005, Dr. Oden was informed that he would receive an Honorary Doctorate, honoris causa, from Ecole Normale Superieure Cachan (ENSC), France. The honorary degree will be presented by the Board of the Scientific Council of ENSC in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the field of Computational Mechanics. In 2004, Dr. Oden was among the seven UT-Austin engineering faculty listed as the most highly cited researchers in the world from 1981–1999 in refereed, peer-reviewed journals, according to the International Scientific Index.
Dr. Oden is an Honorary Member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and is a Fellow of six international scientific/technical societies: IACM, AAM, ASME, ASCE, SES, and BMIA. He is a Fellow, founding member, and first President of the U.S. Association for Computational Mechanics and the International Association for Computational Mechanics. He is a Fellow and past President of both the American Academy of Mechanics and the Society of Engineering Science. Among the numerous awards he has received for his work, Dr. Oden was awarded the A. C. Eringen Medal, the Worcester Reed Warner Medal, the Lohmann Medal, the Theodore von Karman Medal, the John von Neumann medal, the Newton/Gauss Congress Medal, and the Stephan P. Timoshenko Medal. He was also knighted as “Chevalier des Palmes Academiques” by the French government and he holds four honorary doctorates, honoris causa, from universities in Portugal (Technical University of Lisbon), Belgium (Faculte Polytechnique), Poland (Cracow University of Technology), and the United States (Presidential Citation, The University of Texas at Austin).
Dr. Oden is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering and the National Academies of Engineering of Mexico and of Brazil. He serves as Co-Chairman of the Accelerated Strategic Computing Initiative (ASCI) Panel for Sandia National Laboratories. He is a Member of the IUTAM Working Party 5 on Computational Mechanics and serves on numerous organizational, scientific and advisory committees for international conferences and symposia. He is an Editor of Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering and serves on the editorial board of 27 scientific journals.
Dr. Oden has worked extensively on the mathematical theory and implementation of numerical methods applied to problems in solid and fluid mechanics and, particularly, nonlinear continuum mechanics. His current research focuses on the subject of multi-scale modeling and on new theories and methods his group has developed for what they refer to as adaptive modeling. The core of any computer simulation is the mathematical model used to study the physical system of interest. They have developed methods that estimate modeling error and adapt the choices of models to control error. This has proven to be a powerful approach for multi-scale problems. Applications include semiconductors manufacturing at the nanoscale. Dr. Oden, along with ICES researchers, is also working on adaptive control methods in laser treatment of cancer, particular prostate cancer. This work involves the use of dynamic-data-driven systems to predict and control the outcome of laser treatments using the adaptive modeling strategies.
Information on this page was obtained from both The University of Texas at Austin and Louisiana State University.

</doc>
<doc id="9894542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894542" title="Bhojpur, Madhya Pradesh">
Bhojpur, Madhya Pradesh

Bhojpur is a town of historical and religious importance in Raisen District of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Geography and hydrology.
Bhojpur is situated on the Betwā River, 28 km from Bhopal, the state capital of Madhya Pradesh. The site is located on sandstone ridges typical of central India, next to a deep gorge through which the Betwā River flows. Two large dams, constructed of massive hammer-dressed stones, were built in the eleventh century to divert and block the Betwā, so creating a large lake. The approximate size of the lake is shown in the site plan given here.
History.
Bhojpur takes its name from king Bhoja (reg. c. 1000–1055 CE), the most celebrated ruler of the Paramāra dynasty. There is no archaeological evidence from Bhojpur before the eleventh century, a fact confirmed by local legends which recount how Bhoja made a vow to build a series of dams “to arrest the streams of nine rivers and ninety-nine rivulets”. A location was found in the kingdom that allowed the king to fulfil this vow and the dams were duly built at Bhojpur.
Although the dams were constructed of cyclopean masonry, one of them was opened on the orders of Hoshang Shah of Malwa in the fifteenth century. According to Persian chronicles, he ordered the dam to be broken at the request of local merchants in Bhopal and Vidisha whose caravans were being raided by bandits taking refuge at an inaccessible spot protected by the lake.
Places of historical, archaeological and religious interest.
Bhojeśvar or Bhojasvāmin temple.
Bhojpur is famous for the incomplete Bhojeśvar temple dedicated to Shiva. The temple houses one of the largest "liṅga"-s in India, 5.5 m (18 ft) tall and 2.3 m (7.5 ft) in circumference. It is crafted out a single rock. The building is under the protection of the Archaeological Survey of India. 
The attribution of the temple to Bhoja is based on the testimony of Merutuṅga, who reports in the "Prabandhacintāmaṇi" that Bhoja bestowed on the poet Māgha “all the merit of the new Bhojasvāmin temple that he was about to build himself”, and then “set out for the country of Mālava”. The style of the sculpture on the building confirms an early to mid-eleventh-century date for the structure.
The building as it stands consists of the inner cella or "garbhagṛha", supported by massive pillars, surmounted with an elegant corbelled dome. The outer walls and superstructure of the temple were never built.
Quarries and rock drawings.
The temple at Bhojpur is unique in being left unfinished, with a series of large architectural parts still located in the quarries where the stones were cut and fashioned. In addition, there are a significant number of architectural drawings engraved on the flat surfaces of the quarry showing mouldings, pillars, and temple plans. Also of note is the large earthen ramp behind the temple which shows how medieval craftsmen raised the large blocks of stone into position.
Cave of Pārvatī.
Immediately opposite the temple, on the west side of the gorge facing the Betwā, is a rock-shelter or cave, now occupied by religious mendicants. Popularly known as Pārvatī's Cave, the cave contains a number of sculptures and architectural fragments dating to the eleventh century.
Remains of Bhoja's Royal Palace.
On the low plateau above the Cave of Pārvatī and opposite the Bhojpur temple are the remains of Bhoja's palace. Only the foundations survive. The complex is laid out as a grid in a square, with a courtyard in the centre ("see" site plan above). It is oriented on an exact north-south axis as prescribed in the "Samarāṅganasūtradhāra", an architectural treatise ascribed to Bhoja. Among the many features of interest are unfinished carved blocks and graffiti engraved on the rock floor. The latter includes diagrams for games and a series of names dating to the eleventh century and later. The palace is a unique survival, being the only medieval building of its kind in northern India. Its association with Bhoja and its close conformity to a text ascribed to the king mark it out as a site of national and international cultural importance. The site of the palace, like the neighbouring dams, is unprotected. The remains of the palace are being slowly destroyed as local people collect stones for modern building purposes.
Jain temples.
Bhojpur also has an unfinished Jain temple containing a 6-meter-tall statue of Shantinath and two statues of Parshvanath (left) and Suparasnath (right). On the base of one of the images is an inscription mentioning king Bhoja, the only epigraphic evidence connecting Bhoja to the site. The same temple complex hosts shrine for Ācārya Mantunga who wrote Bhaktamara Stotra.
Cultural activities and festivals.
Every year, on the occasion of Maha Shivaratri, a big mela is organized at Bhojpur.
Bhoja's legacy at Bhojpur.
Today, the partly ruined and incomplete Bhojeśvar temple still humbles the mind. Constructed in the latter part of the 11th century, its great stone blocks encompass a door frame, which towers ten meters high and five meters wide. Four titanic pillars, richly carved, rise to support an incomplete dome. The high noon sun lances through the dome, illuminates a massive pedestal made of three stepped blocks of sandstone, seven meters square. An iron ladder ascends this huge pedestal to reach the uppermost platform, directly beneath the high roof, open to the sky. Dominating this platform and the great brooding temple is a magnificent lingam more than five meters high and over two meters in circumference.
In the temple, religion and architecture, sculpture, drama and a weird vision combine in a compelling assertion of reality. There is a brooding imminence about this great black temple that demands attention and reverence; and streams of school girls, as bright as moving garlands of flowers, moved up and down the ladder seeking the blessings of the great monolith, bowing to mumbled prayers from an ochre-robed, white-bearded priest who stood near like a vision of a benevolent and slightly portly Father Time.
If the incomplete temple can evoke such awe, how much reverential fear would have been evoked by the final work of Raja Bhoja? But the savant king was fated never to complete his imposing shrine. For, at the glorious end of the Paramara era in 1060, the Chalukyas of Kalyani and Gujarat combined with Lakshmi-Karna of the Kalachuri dynasty attacked Raja Bhoja's capital. In that fierce battle, Raja Bhoja died defending his kingdom. And so today, only the temple stands, and beyond it, a damaged Jain colossus rides in a whitewashed building. Stones still lie around partially carved as they had been when the sculptors fled nine centuries ago when Bhoja fell. Eagles still wheel in the wide sky as they did over that ancient bloody battlefield. And a train chuffs and mourns across the plain like a sad spirit of a warrior, slowly departing.
But Bhoja's forty-two-year reign is still celebrated in myth and legend as well as in this time-defying monument. For, as long as the temple stands, and the doorway towers and the sculptures enchant and the great lingam broods with implacable power in the 900-year-old Bhojeshwar, so long will the memory of King Bhoja shine like a diadem.

</doc>
<doc id="9894545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894545" title="FutureSAX">
FutureSAX

FutureSAX is the inner Saxony business plan competition of the Free State of Saxony in Germany that has an objective of lending support to start-up businesses and growing enterprises.
Business plan competition futureSAX.
The competition is possible due to Businessplan-Wettbewerb Sachsen GmbH (BPWS), which is operated by the Sachsen Aufbaubank - Förderbank.
Conditions for participation.
People with an idea for an innovative product or service with high market potential is entitled to take part in FutureSAX for free.
A condition is that the enterprise has a need for finances and the instatement of the business idea is intended to be in the state of Saxony. At least one team member must be able to provide proof of residency or work place in Saxony.
Procedure.
FutureSAX is divided into three competition phases, in which the competing participants are aided under consultation in the development of their own business plans. During the course of the competition, the business ideas continually evolve; the participants profit from free seminar programs and the opportunity to correspond with others in their industry as well as sponsors of the competition.
On the basis of a business or development idea (phase one), the production of a business and marketing strategy develops (phase two) and a detailed and professional business plan (phase three) is constructed. Each phase ends with a confidential evaluation of the practicality of the business ideas by independent juries.
The business plans that have the most judicial approval are awarded with prize money. For the first two award ceremonies, four teams are awarded - one team each per the industries of technology, ITK, bio/nano-technology, and service. With the third award ceremony, five prizes in the three categories of “start-ups”, “growth”, and “special university prize” are awarded.
Apart from the phase's closing jury vote, the technical support is guaranteed to the competitors by sponsors, such as regularly offered coaching and seminar meetings about start-up relevant information.
Apart from the technical support with the development of business plans through FutureSAX, the opportunity is granted to the competitors to establish contacts to financial sources such as Venture Capitalists, etc. at the FutureSAX networking seminars.
History.
On 7 November 2002, FutureSAX started as a Saxony industry competition for start-ups and recent growth enterprises. Thus, it replaced the IT Business Plan Competition, which was exclusive for the IT-industry that had existed since 1999 and was also presented by FutureSAX.
Since 2002, more than 490 start-ups and entrepreneurs, as well as 10,000 participants in net-working meetings and workshops, have taken part in FutureSAX. However, in the 2006 competition, 140 teams took part and 188 business ideas, marketing concepts, and business plans were submitted. During the years 2003 through 2005, the competition grew approximately 67 percent.
On October 5, 2006, FutureSAX launched into its fifth open-industry competition, which ran until 18 July 2007. The total prize money amounted to 68,000 euros.

</doc>
<doc id="9894556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894556" title="2007 Dublin Senior Hurling Championship">
2007 Dublin Senior Hurling Championship

The 2007 Dublin Senior Hurling Championship is a Dublin based GAA club competition between the top clubs in Dublin Hurling. 'UCD GAA have elected not to participate in the Dublin SHC for 2007.'The first round of the 2007 championship was due to begin on August 28, 2007.[http://www.hill16.ie/viewstoryhill16.asp?mainheading=Word+on+The+Hill&id=8673&viewstory=yes However, these dates were put forward to mid September to accommodate for the Dublin players contesting the All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship.
Group A.
The opening game of the tournament was the Group A clash between South Dublin and Faughs. Faughs won the game by 1-10 to 1-07 at Blunden Drive on September 13. In the second game of the opening round Lucan Sarsfields had a convincing win over Craobh which put them on top of the table after the first round. The second round saw Craobh return to lastyears form with a convincing 1-15 to 0-09 victory over Faughs.
Group C.
The first game of Group C between O'Tooles and Naomh Mearnóg was abandoned due to a problem with the floodlights.
Group D.
Kilmacud opened the 2007 Group D first round with a one-sided victory over Dublin South 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9894561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894561" title="Iwaizumi Line">
Iwaizumi Line

The was a railway line in Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East) between Moichi Station in Miyako, Iwate and Iwaizumi Station in Iwaizumi, Iwate. 
Operations on the line have been suspended since July 31, 2010, when a train derailed due to a landslide, which occurred between Oshikado Station and Iwate-Ōkawa Station. Trains are substituted by bus services. 
Service outline.
Prior to 2010, there were four local services a day to Iwaizumi Station (one of which terminated at Iwate-Wainai Station), and four to Moichi Station or Miyako Station (one of which started from Iwate-Wainai Station); relatively infrequent by Japanese standards.
History.
The line first opened in 1942, and was completed by 1972.
Suspension and closure.
Operations on the line were suspended since July 31, 2010, when a train derailed due to a landslide, which occurred between Oshikado Station and Iwate-Ōkawa Station. Trains were substituted by bus services.
After investigating the accident and the condition of the line, JR East announced on March 30, 2012, that it was giving up on the idea of restoring the line. The company claimed that the cost expected to secure the safety of the line would be about 13 billion yen and that it could not afford to spend such an amount considering its very small public demand. According to the company, annual revenue of the line was 8.4 million yen in 2009. Local governments, including Iwate Prefecture, raised objection to the decision.
In November 2013, JR East announced that agreement had been reached with local governments to formally close the line, and its operation has been officially abolished since 1 April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9894564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894564" title="Murder Unveiled">
Murder Unveiled

Murder Unveiled is a 2005 Canadian television film. The movie is based on the true story of the Jaswinder Kaur Sidhu murder. The film was screened at the Asian Festival of First Films on November 26, 2005 and was first aired on CBC on February 6, 2006.
Plot.
In India, a young woman is kidnapped, and her young male companion beaten within an inch of his life. He is working class Sikh, Surinder Singh; she is his wife, the former Davinder Samra, a Canadian Sikh whom he met when she visited India a year earlier for her cousin's wedding. For both, it was love at first sight. However, Davinder comes from a traditional Sikh family, who made their fortune in Canada. Her parents, who knew nothing of Surinder when Surinder and Davinder eloped, were seeking a suitable husband for her. As the story unfolds leading to the kidnapping/beating and the subsequent investigation by the local police and Crime Investigation Division, the power of money and of Sikh family honor is shown.

</doc>
<doc id="9894572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894572" title="Vecchi">
Vecchi

Vecchi is a plural form of Italian word "old"

</doc>
<doc id="9894574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894574" title="List of Torchwood writers">
List of Torchwood writers

This is a list of those who have received a writer credit on the British science fiction television programme "Torchwood". The writers are listed in order of those who wrote the most stories to those who wrote the least. The number of stories each writer has written shall be indicated next to each writer's name. Writers who wrote stories that were not aired on television are not included on this list.

</doc>
<doc id="9894575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894575" title="Four Ambient Tales">
Four Ambient Tales

Four Ambient Tales is a 1993 EP of ambient music by musician Billie Ray Martin, which was reissued and expanded in 2000. 
Track listing.
Originally released by Belgian Apollo/R&S Records in 1993 as a 12" double vinyl set containing both vocal and instrumental versions of the 4 tracks. The 1993 CD EP had the vocal tracks only. The 2000 CD reissue contains both vocal and instrumental versions of all four tracks.
All tracks produced by The Grid. Pedal steel guitar by B.J. Cole

</doc>
<doc id="9894576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894576" title="Anticulture Records">
Anticulture Records

Anticulture Records Ltd is a record label based in Northampton, England which deals mostly with heavy metal music.
The first release for Anticulture was Gutworm's 'Ruin The Memory' album in April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9894622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894622" title="Watson Fothergill">
Watson Fothergill

Watson Fothergill (12 July 1841 – 6 March 1928) was an English architect who designed over 100 unique buildings in Nottingham in the East Midlands of England, his influences were mainly from the Gothic Revival and Old English vernacular architecture styles.
His work dates from 1863 (when he set himself up in practice) to around 1912. His earliest surviving known building dates from 1866.
Early life.
Born Fothergill Watson in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire in 1841, he was the son of a wealthy Nottingham Lace merchant, Robert Watson and Mary Ann Fothergill. He changed his name to Watson Fothergill in 1892 in order to continue his maternal family name.
Family.
He married Anne Hage in 1867 at St John's Church in Mansfield. His father-in-law was Samuel Hage, one of the founding partners of Mansfield Brewery.
His half-brother was Robert Mackie Watson, chairman of the Mansfield Improvement Commission and the Brunts' Charity.
In the 1871 census he is listed as Fothergill Watson living at 29 Clifton Villas, Nottingham with wife Anne, daughters Marian (aged 2), Annie Forbes (aged 1), and one as-yet unnamed (aged 1 month). Four domestic servants are listed.
In the 1881 census he is listed as Fothergill Watson living at Mapperley Road, Nottingham with wife Anne, daughters Marian, Clarice, Annie F., Edith M., Eleanor F., and sons Samuel F., Harold H. Five domestic servants are listed.
In the 1901 census he is listed as Watson Fothergill living at 7 Mapperley Road, Nottingham.
In the 1911 census he is listed as Watson Fothergill living at 7 Mapperley Road, Nottingham with wife Anne and daughter Clarice (aged 33, single). A domestic cook, seamstress and three housemaids are also listed.
Career.
He is credited as having had a great impact on the architecture of the major British industrial city of Nottingham, and designed over a hundred buildings in the city, from offices, banks and warehouses, to churches and private dwelling houses.
His easily recognisable style includes the use of contrasting horizontal bands of red and blue brick, dark timber eaves and balconies, and elaborate turrets and stone carvings.
List of major works 
All Nottinghamshire unless otherwise stated.
1860s
1870s
1880s
1890s
1900s

</doc>
<doc id="9894635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894635" title="Hawaii's at-large congressional district">
Hawaii's at-large congressional district

Before achieving statehood in 1959, the Territory of Hawaii was represented by a non-voting territorial delegate. From statehood until 1963, Hawaii had one Representative. From 1963 to the creation of the two districts in 1971, Hawaii was represented in the United States House of Representatives with two Representatives elected at-large state-wide.
List of representatives.
A second seat was added in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9894678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894678" title="Machlett Laboratories">
Machlett Laboratories

History.
The company began as E. Machlett and Son, which was founded in 1897 in New York, United States as scientific glass makers.
Early days.
Machlett Laboratories was created from E. Machlett & Sons in order to exploit the then new technology of X-rays. They made X-ray tubes from the beginning to 1989 when they were bought by Varian. In addition to making X-ray tubes, they manufactured high-power vacuum tubes for use in radio and TV broadcasting (857B mercury-vapor half-wave rectifier tube) and for industrial induction heating. Those two sides of the business were about equivalent for most of the life of the company.
Machlett Laboratories, Inc. was established on Hope Street and Camp Avenue in 1934. This manufacturing operation began making X-ray tubes and became the largest producer of its kind in the world. Raymond was president of the company, founded by his father Robert, a scientist who made the first practical X-ray tube in America and devoted his life to making it safe and successful in the field of medicine. Robert Machlett associated with Madame Curie and other leading roentgenologists to make this happen.
They moved to 1063 Hope St. in Stamford, Connecticut, in the early 20th century, and remained there. Among their achievements was a counter made by them for Irene and Frederic Joliot-Curie for use in their experiments on artificial radioactivity in 1934 which is currently contained in the Science Museum in Great Britain. They were given an “E” award by the US government in 1945 for their contribution to the war effort.
Products.
Transmitting tubes.
Machlett was well known for its rather complete line of transmitting tubes, most particularly triodes.
For quite a while, Machlett's 6697s were the most-used Class B modulator tubes (as a push-pull pair) and Class C final tubes (as a single-ended pair) in 50,000-watt plate-modulated AM transmitters.
In a classical Doherty amplifier (a Class B "carrier" tube and a Class C "peak" tube), 50,000 watts could be achieved using only two 6697s, but the drive requirement was about 5,000 watts, so the driver was often a complete 5,000-watt transmitter. The driver power could be "passed through" (i.e., was not dissipated as heat) if the carrier tube was operated with a grounded grid and, as before, the peak tube was operated with a grounded cathode.
Later, chief competitor Eimac released tetrodes which rather quickly eclipsed Machlett's triodes, as tetrodes have higher gain (thereby requiring much lower driver power, usually about 1,000 watts for 50,000 watts out), and do not require "neutralization". And tetrodes can be screen-grid modulated, especially in a Sainton-modified Doherty amplifier, where both the "carrier" and "peak" tubes may be operated in Class C.
6697s were also employed in RCA's upgraded Ampliphase transmitter, the BTA-50H.
CPI's Econo division remanufactures Eimac and Machlett power tubes.
X-ray tubes.
They were the first company to utilize the concept of the rotating anode, something which is just about universal in medical X-ray systems at this date. Towards the end of the time of manufacture, they were producing oil-circulating X-ray tubes with a heat exchanger attached (for use with computed tomography (CT) scanners), with 5-inch diameter rotating anodes formed from tungsten-rhenium alloy and molybdenum, with a large mass of graphite attached to act as a heat sink. Smaller tubes without graphite heat sinks had highly radiative coatings to disperse the generated heat into the oil surrounding the tube itself.
The manufacture of X-ray tubes was licensed to two other companies, GEC Medical and Comet SA of Bern in Switzerland.
Machlett X-ray tube.
The Machlett X-ray tube was produced to ‘provide electrostatic protection for the filament (cathode) so as to permit long life to be achieved at operating voltages in the range 100-300 kV’ i .
The X-ray tube was designed and manufactured by E. Machlett & Son who were specialists in scientific glass instruments. The American company, who were established in New York 1897, began as a single shop and soon grew into an internationally recognized firm. The Machlett X-ray tube was patented in April 1934, with the object at the School of Physics being dated to 1937. It is possible that the X-ray tubes were used by Professor T.H Laby’s X-ray group ii.
The development of the X-ray appears early on to have been a priority research topic at the University of Melbourne’s School of Physics. This interest was sparked by the appointment in 1889 of Professor T. R. Lyle. Lyle, who was head of the school until 1915, is thought to have been the first person in Australia to have taken a X-ray photograph iii. A photocopy of this photograph can be found in the School of Physics Archive. For this particular experiment, Lyle actually made his own x-ray tube. His successor, Laby, continued to work with X-rays. During the 1920s he worked on the X-ray spectra of atoms and in 1930 he, along with Dr C. E. Eddy, published "Quantitative Analysis by X-Ray Spectroscopy" iv . Also with Eddy Laby produced the paper "Sensitivity of Atomic Analysis by X-rays". Laby went on to have a X-ray spectrograph of his own design manufactured by Adam Hilger Ltd.
Accessories.
As well as X-ray tubes, they manufactured collimators – to define the beam size – and three marks of “Dynalyser” – an invasive instrument for measuring all the important parameters in an X-ray tube. This consisted of an HV unit insulated with SF6, and an indicating unit. A separate radiation monitor could be used with this, and an oscilloscope could also be attached to this device if desired. Some 2,500 of the most recent version were sold, and this device survived the sale of the company to Varian and later buyers, being in production from the early 1980s to around 1995.
There were three generations of the Dynalyzer produced. Maintenance on the Dynalyzer is available by its inventor, Dr. Jon Shapiro, at http://giciman.com

</doc>
<doc id="9894691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894691" title="The Look of Love (ABC song)">
The Look of Love (ABC song)

"The Look of Love" is a song recorded by ABC in 1981, included on their debut album, "The Lexicon of Love".
History.
Released as a single and as a 12" remix, it went to number 1 on the "Billboard" Dance/Disco chart as well as the Canadian Singles Chart. It was their biggest hit in the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 4, and was a Top 20 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US, peaking at number 18.
The single consists of four parts, referred to as "Parts One, Two, Three and Four". Part One is the standard album version, Part Two is an instrumental version, Part Three is a vocal remix and Part Four is a short acoustic instrumental part of the song, containing strings and horns, as well as occasional harp plucks and xylophone. A different US remix dub version by producer Trevor Horn appeared as a-side on the 1982 US 12".
The '82 US remix dub version was not widely available after its initial release, but the track remained much in demand by club DJs and fans alike, and copies of the original 12" version fetched high prices. When Neutron (the band's UK label) discovered this, they issued a limited edition dj-pressing of the Horn remix in November 1982 as a DJ promo 12" vinyl under the title "ABC Look Of Love Special Remix 12" Neutron NTXDJ103.
Through the 1980s, BBC Radio 1 DJ Gary Davies used the last crescendo on Part 2 of the song as a closing theme to his daily lunchtime programme called "The Bit In The Middle", only changing it in 1991 when his show was rebranded as "Let's Do Lunch" and given fresh music beds and themes.
The US B-side, entitled "Theme From "Mantrap"", was an alternate version of "Poison Arrow".
In 1996, Euro band Eclipse released a dance cover version, which reached number 30 on the Australian charts.
In February 2014, all four parts appeared together as one single track (running 12:29) on the ZTT Records compilation "The Art of the 12" Volume Three".
Music video.
The music video for the song, taped on a soundstage, was influenced by old British music hall, the chalk pavement sequence in the Mary Poppins film, carnival sideshows, and Punch and Judy puppet shows; the four band members were featured wearing Edwardian-style light suits with vertical pastel stripes, accompanied by many colourful extras, including a Charlie Chaplin impersonator and cameos from producer Trevor Horn and music promoter and journalist Paul Morley. The video vaguely pays homage to the ballet sequence from "An American in Paris".
Accolades.
(*) indicates the list is unordered.
The Look of Love (1990 Mix).
In 1990, to promote the compilation album "Absolutely", a new remix of the song by Paul O'Duffy was officially released, though without participation or approval from the band's members. The remix incorporates part of the melody from Kraftwerk's "Computer Love", which had been in the UK Top 40 at the same time as the original release of "The Look of Love" in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="9894718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894718" title="Polish Film Awards">
Polish Film Awards

Polish Film Awards: Eagles () are a film awards ceremony given annually since 1999, with the first event held on June 21, by the Polish Film Academy. The status in the Polish film industry can be compared with Academy Awards.
Awards.
Special awards:

</doc>
<doc id="9894722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894722" title="Serghei Cleșcenco">
Serghei Cleșcenco

Serghei Cleșcenco (; born 20 May 1972 in Criuleni, Moldovan SSR) is a retired Moldovan footballer, who holds the record for the most goals scored in a single season by a foreigner in Israel. He is currently the manager of FC Zimbru Chişinău.
Early career.
After a successful period with Zimbru Chişinău, Cleşcenco was taken on trial by English club Watford in early 1998. He impressed, but work permit issues, along with Zimbru Chişinău asking for too much money prevented the deal from going through.
In 1999, Cleşcenco joined Maccabi Haifa from Moldovan club Zimbru Chişinău. It was one of the most successful starts ever for a foreigner in Israel as he bagged 22 goals in his first season topping the record set by Polish striker Andrzej Kubica for most goals scored by a foreigner in Israel in a single season. After another strong season in Haifa, he moved to Hapoel Tel Aviv, where he was part of the squad that reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup. He scored one of the goals as they memorably knocked out Chelsea.

</doc>
<doc id="9894726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894726" title="On the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons">
On the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons

The document on the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons, also known by its opening words "Homosexualitatis problema" or, disparagingly, as "the Halloween Letter", was a letter authored by the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF) of the Roman Catholic Church addressed to the Bishops of the Catholic Church that was delivered in Rome on 1 October 1986 by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger (later Pope Benedict XVI) and Archbishop Alberto Bovone. The letter gave instructions on how the clergy should deal with and respond to lesbian, gay, and bisexual people. Pope John Paul II approved the letter and ordered its publication. It was designed to correct misunderstandings and misinterpretations of a 1975 CDF letter, "Declaration on Certain Questions Concerning Sexual Ethics" ("Persona Humana").
Ratzinger clarified that the Church's teaching on the sinfulness of homosexual acts is much more nuanced than is commonly believed by the media and by some Catholics: "It has been argued that the homosexual orientation in certain cases is not the result of deliberate choice; and so the homosexual person would then have no choice but to behave in a homosexual fashion. Lacking freedom, such a person, even if engaged in homosexual activity, would not be culpable. Here, the Church's wise moral tradition is necessary since it warns against generalizations in judging individual cases. In fact, circumstances may exist, or may have existed in the past, which would reduce or remove the culpability of the individual in a given instance; or other circumstances may increase it. What is at all costs to be avoided is the unfounded and demeaning assumption that the sexual behaviour of homosexual persons is always and totally compulsive and therefore inculpable."
In the letter the Cardinal stated: "although the particular inclination of the homosexual person is not a sin, it is a more or less strong tendency ordered toward an intrinsic moral evil; and thus the inclination itself must be seen as an objective disorder." However, he also wrote that "It is deplorable that homosexual persons have been and are the object of violent malice in speech or in action. Such treatment deserves condemnation from the Church's pastors wherever it occurs."
Ratzinger asserted that, while Christians rightly oppose any violence against homosexual persons, it is wrong to then claim that the homosexual orientation is good or neutral: "But the proper reaction to crimes committed against homosexual persons should not be to claim that the homosexual condition is not disordered. When such a claim is made and when homosexual activity is consequently condoned, or when civil legislation is introduced to protect behaviour to which no one has any conceivable right, neither the Church nor society at large should be surprised when other distorted notions and practices gain ground, and irrational and violent reactions increase."

</doc>
<doc id="9894748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894748" title="UCM Multipurpose Building">
UCM Multipurpose Building

UCM Multipurpose Building is an 8,500 seat multi-purpose arena in Warrensburg, Missouri. It was built in 1976, and is the home of the University of Central Missouri Mules and Jennies basketball teams and Jennies volleyball team.

</doc>
<doc id="9894752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894752" title="Mental distress">
Mental distress

Mental distress (or psychological distress) is a term used, both by some mental health practitioners and users of mental health services, to describe a range of symptoms and experiences of a person's internal life that are commonly held to be troubling, confusing or out of the ordinary.
Mental distress has a wider scope than the related term mental illness. Mental illness refers to a specific set of medically defined conditions. A person in mental distress may exhibit some of the symptoms described in psychiatry, such as: anxiety, confused emotions, hallucination, rage, depression and so on without actually being ‘ill’ in a medical sense.
Life situations such as: bereavement, stress, lack of sleep, use of drugs or alcohol, assault, abuse or accident can induce mental distress. This may be something which resolves without further medical intervention, though people who endure such symptoms longer term are more likely to be diagnosed with mental illness. This definition is not without controversy as some mental health practitioners would use the terms mental distress and mental illness interchangeably.
Some users of mental health services prefer the term mental distress in describing their experience as they feel it better captures that sense of the unique and personal nature of their experience, while also making it easier to relate to, since everyone experiences distress at different times. The term also fits better with the social model of disability.
Social disparities among African-Americans.
The social disparities associated with mental health in the African-American community have remained constant over time. According to the Office of Minority Health, African- Americans comprise 12.9% of the U.S. population, yet they are 30% more likely than European Americans to report serious psychological distress. Moreover African-Americans are more likely to have Major Depressive Disorder, and communicate higher instances of intense symptoms/disability. For this reason, researchers have attempted to examine the sociological causes and systemic inequalities which contribute to these disparities in order to highlight issues for further investigation. Nonetheless, much of the research on the mental well-being of African-Americans is unable to separate race, culture, socioeconomic status, ethnicity, or behavioral and biological factors. According to Hunter and Schmidt (2010), there are three distinct beliefs embraced by African-Americans which speak to their socio-cultural experience in the United States: a perception of racism, stigma associated with mental illness, and the importance of physical health. Therefore, discrimination within the healthcare community and larger society, attitudes related to mental health, and general physical health contribute largely to the mental well-being of African-Americans.
Mental health disparities among African-American youth.
Comparable to their adult counterparts, African-American adolescents experience mental health disparities. The primary reasons for this are discrimination, inadequate treatment, and underutilization of mental health services. Similarly, children of immigrants, or second-generation Americans, often encounter barriers to optimal mental well-being. Discrimination and its effects on mental health are evident in adolescents’ ability to achieve in school and overall self-esteem. Researchers are unable to pinpoint exact causes for African-American teenagers’ underutilization of mental health services. One study attributed this to using alternative methods of support instead of formal treatments. Moreover, Black youth described other means of support, such as peers and spiritual leaders. This demonstrates that African-American teens are uncomfortable disclosing personal matters to formal supports. It is difficult to decipher if this is cultural or a youth-related issue, as most teens do not choose to access formal supports for their mental health needs.

</doc>
<doc id="9894755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894755" title="Ira Gitler">
Ira Gitler

Ira Gitler (born December 18, 1928, Brooklyn, New York) is an American jazz historian and journalist. Perhaps best known for "The Biographical Encyclopedia of Jazz" written with Leonard Feather—the most recent edition appeared in 1999—he has written hundreds of liner notes for jazz recordings since the early 1950s and is the author of dozens of books about jazz and ice hockey, two of his passions.
Jazz.
Gitler was born in a Jewish family and grew up listening to swing bands in the late 1930s and 1940s, before discovering the new music of Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie. In the early 1950s, he worked as a producer for many recording sessions of Prestige Records. He is credited with coining the term "sheets of sound" in the late 1950s, to describe the playing of John Coltrane.
Editor.
Gitler was the New York editor of "Down Beat" magazine during the 1960s and has written for "Metronome Magazine", "JazzTimes", "Jazz Improv", "Modern Drummer", the "New York Times", the "San Francisco Chronicle", the "Village Voice", "Vibe", "Playboy", "World Monitor", and "New York Magazine". Internationally he has contributed to the magazines "Swing Journal" (Japan), "Musica Jazz" (Italy) and "Jazz Magazine" (France). He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1974.
Gitler was given Lifetime Achievement Awards by the New Jersey Jazz Society (in 2001) and by the Jazz Journalists Association (in 2002).
Gitler's passion for ice hockey has prompted him to write several books on the subject. He also wrote for the New York Rangers as well as the National Hockey League in their former magazine, "Goal."

</doc>
<doc id="9894770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894770" title="Fist to Fist">
Fist to Fist

Fist to Fist (Chinese title: "Chu ba", UK title: "Dragons of Death") is a 1973 martial arts film directed by Jimmy L. Pascual.

</doc>
<doc id="9894779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894779" title="C. Scott Jacobs">
C. Scott Jacobs

Curtis Scott Jacobs, (Scott Jacobs), is an American argumentation, communication, and rhetorical scholar. 
He graduated from the University of Illinois with a Ph.d. He taught for many years at the University of Arizona. He is now Professor of Communication at the University of Illinois. He has lectured in France, Belgium, Germany, Italy, and the Netherlands.
He has contributed to the field of argumentation theory.
His work appeared in "Communication Monographs, Communication Theory," "Journal of the American Forensic Association", "Quarterly Journal of Speech, and Argumentation."

</doc>
<doc id="9894796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894796" title="PSL Reserve League">
PSL Reserve League

The PSL Reserve League is the reserve team league for the top South African football (soccer) teams in the Premier Soccer League. <br>
The league was established in February 2007 and currently consists of the eight clubs that are located in the Gauteng province. Matches are usually played on Mondays.
Winners.
2007 - Orlando Pirates reserves

</doc>
<doc id="9894797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894797" title="Sproton Layer">
Sproton Layer

Sproton Layer was an American rock and roll group formed in Ann Arbor, Michigan in the late 1960s. Their music was mostly hard rock with psychedelic touches.
It was composed of bass guitarist, singer and primary songwriter Roger Miller and his younger brothers Benjamin (Ben) Miller on guitar and Laurence B. (Larry) Miller on drums. Trumpeter Harold Kirchen (brother of guitarist Bill Kirchen, a longtime member of Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen) later joined the group.
Sproton Layer found local success, but earned wider attention when its personnel went on to greater success with other musical groups: Laurence and Benjamin were both members of Destroy All Monsters, and Roger had numerous musical projects, notably art-punk group Mission of Burma and silent film accompanying group Alloy Orchestra. 
Sproton Layer recorded an album's worth of material shortly before breaking up in 1970; it went unreleased until 1992 when New Alliance records issued a single of "Lost Behind Words" and a full-length album, "With Magnetic Fields Disrupted". The album was reissued by the German label World in Sound to much greater notice in 2011. Journalist Michael Azerrad described the recordings as a valuable document of "an amazing band that sounded like Syd Barrett fronting Cream."
The Miller brothers would later occasionally record under the name M3.
Roger and Benjamin Miller continue to records and perform under the name M2.
Sproton Layer is scheduled to perform again on June 14, 2013 at the Blind Pig in Ann Arbor.

</doc>
<doc id="9894800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894800" title="Route 8 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 8 (MTA Maryland)

Route 8 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently runs from the University of Maryland Transit Center to the Lutherville Light Rail Stop along the corridors of York Road and Greenmount Avenue, and is one of the most heavily used MTA bus lines. The Route 8 bus route is the successor to the 8 Towson and 7 Govanstown streetcar lines.
History.
Route 8 was electrified in 1895 as a streetcar running from Towson to Catonsville. Back then, it served the corridors of York Road, Greenmount Avenue, and Frederick Road through downtown Baltimore. Another streetcar, known as "no. 7," operated a short-turn version of this route from Govanstown to Irvington before being absorbed into no. 8 in 1931. In 1963, the line was converted into a bus operation, retaining this route. The no. 8 streetcar was the final streetcar line of Baltimore to undergo a conversion into a bus service.
There were also various branches of Route 8 added over the years to communities including Mt. Washington (added in 1972, designated 8A), Cockeysville (operated 1973-1989, designated 8B), Providence/Springlake (operated 1973-1989, designated 8D and 8E), Eudowood, the Towson State University campus, and Stella Maris nursing home, which opened in 1980. All these services have since been absorbed by other lines or otherwise abolished.
In 1982, Route 8 was split into two separate lines in order to provide improved schedule adherence on each line and varied frequencies of service along each corridor, where demands for service varied. The new Route 8 ran from the center of Towson to the University of Maryland Transit Center, and the new Route 2 from Catonsville to City Hall. Service along Route 2 is currently provided by Route 10.
In 1992, in conjunction with the opening of the Central Light Rail line, Route 8 was extended north of Towson to the Lutherville Light Rail Stop on Ridgely Road except on Sundays. This extension mostly overlapped with Route 9, and this duplication of service during off-peak hours was criticized as costly. Branches to the Towson State campus and Stella Maris, though originally proposed for elimination, continued to operate at this time.
In 1993, MTA, addressing the cost issue of the extension, eliminated Route 9 service between Towson and Lutherville during off-peak weekday hours, and improved the frequency of that line's service on other parts of the route. The Lutherville extension on Saturdays was also discontinued, and on weekends, improved levels of this service were provided on Route 9.
In 2000, MTA combined Routes 8 and 9, and extended selected Route 8 trips from Lutherville to Hunt Valley. This constituted about two-thirds of trips at most times. This consolidation saved costs and allowed single-seat service along the York Road corridor at all times, while making Route 8 one of the longest routes operated by MTA.
Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative changes.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, a comprehensive overhaul of the region's bus service, MTA announced that Routes 8 and 9 would once again be split into two separate lines. This time, all Route 8 trips would operate to/from Lutherville seven days a week, and Route 9 would provide all service on the route north of Ridgely Road. In addition, all other branches on the line would be eliminated. These included those to Loveton, International Circle (both former branches of Route 9), and Stella Maris. And in order to reduce overcrowding of buses, MTA stated that articulated buses, which have a higher seating capacity, would be used on all Route 8 trips.
Service is no longer provided to Loveton by MTA, but a private contractor was chartered by employers in the area to provide shuttle service. In February 2006, all Route 9 were rerouted to International Circle due to complaints about the elimination of this branch. In February 2009, York, Pennsylvania's Rabbit Transit started providing service on its new Route 83S which connects to the light rail.
Stella Maris service.
The Stella Maris branch of Route 8 was also discontinued as a part of GBBI. But due to public outcry, service to Stella Maris is still provided on a new Route 12.
Route 48 Quickbus.
See Route 48.

</doc>
<doc id="9894810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894810" title="George Berry">
George Berry

George Berry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9894846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894846" title="The Great Egg Race">
The Great Egg Race

The Great Egg Race was a BBC television series that ran from 1979 to 1986 and featured Brian Cant (1979), Professor Heinz Wolff (originally head judge, later promoted to series presenter) and Lesley Judd, who joined the series in 1984. It was later revived on BBC Choice (now BBC Three) and was presented by Johnny Ball.
In a similar vein to the later Channel 4 series "Scrapheap Challenge", the show featured teams creating "Heath Robinson"-esque mechanical creations in an attempt to solve a problem set at the start of the show. The series obtained its name from the initial challenge of making a device capable of transporting an egg the furthest possible distance without breaking it. 

</doc>
<doc id="9894872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894872" title="Moussa Pokong">
Moussa Pokong

Étienne Le Doux Moussa Pokong (born 13 August 1987 in Garoua) is an Cameroonian football player.
Club career.
Pokong transferred to Club Africain in January 2006, he cames from FS d'Akonolinga. After three years resign with the Tunisian club Club Africain to join Al-Khor Sports Club.
International career.
He earned his first call-up for the Cameroon national football team on 14 October 2007 for a qualification game against Morocco national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9894873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894873" title="Hirst Research Centre">
Hirst Research Centre

GEC Hirst Research Centre was one of the first specialised industrial research laboratories to be built in Britain, and was part of the General Electric Company plc empire. It was demolished in the early 1990s primarily because GEC had stopped funding serious research, as it was not immediately profitable. 
It was named after Hugo Hirst, one of the founders of the company that would become General Electric Company plc. One of the centre's most famous achievements was the production of the cavity magnetron during World War II, the concept of which was established by Randall and Boot working at Birmingham University. Staff of the center were also important in developing radars for use during the war. The 60 m Radio mast at the back of the building became, along with Wembley Stadium, one of the landmarks of the area. Hirst was also instrumental in setting up the National Grid system which provides power to the whole of the UK. The centre also worked on the design of electrical power systems used on the British railways network.
The research centre was based in East Lane, Wembley, Middlesex, UK, and then in the 1990s moved to Borehamwood, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9894885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894885" title="James Slip Ferry">
James Slip Ferry

The James Slip Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Long Island City, Queens, New York City, United States, joining James Slip (Manhattan) and Hunter's Point (Queens) across the East River.
History.
The ferry was established by May 1861, when the Long Island Rail Road was rerouted to Hunter's Point. It was discontinued on October 1, 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="9894889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894889" title="Chen Jingmao">
Chen Jingmao

Chen Jingmao is the male leader of the South China Church. He is from Longjiao town in Chongqing city. He is older than 70. 
Prison.
He was arrested in 2001. In 2002 he received a prison sentence of four years for sending his granddaughter to a Bible class training school. He serves this sentence in Sanxia Prison, in Chongqing city. In prison his legs were broken. He was abused in prison for attempting to convert inmates to Christianity. He was released from prison, for being severely ill, in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9894896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894896" title="Iridoviridae">
Iridoviridae

The Iridoviridae are a family of viruses with double-stranded DNA genomes. The name is derived from Iris the Greek goddess of the rainbow. This name was chosen because of the "rainbow-like" iridescence observed in heavily infected insects and pelleted samples of invertebrate iridoviruses.
Nomenclature.
The term "Iridovirus" has an ambiguous meaning. It frequently appears in the literature as a description of any member of the Iridoviridae family. Yet it also is the name of a particular genus within Iridoviridae.
Taxonomy.
The family contains five genera: "Chloriridovirus", "Iridovirus", "Lymphocystivirus", "Megalocytivirus" and "Ranavirus".
The taxonomy of this family is under revision with molecular methods and may be changed.
Virology.
The virions are icosahedral with triangulation number (T) = 189–217, 120–350 nm in diameter and made up of three domains - an outer proteinaceous capsid, an intermediate lipid membrane, and a central core containing DNA-protein complexes. Some of the viruses also have an outer envelope. The presence or absence of an envelope depends on whether they budded from the cell membrane (enveloped viruses) or were arranged in paracrystalline arrays within the host cell cytoplasm and then were released by cell lysis (unenveloped viruses).
The linear genome varies between 150 and 303 kilobases in length. It contains terminal and redundant sequences and is circularly permuted.
Members of this family differ in their degree of genome methylation. The genera Chloriridovirus and Iridovirus lack a highly methylated genome. Members of the Lymphocystivirus, Megalocytivirus, and Ranavirus genera have genomes with about 25% of their cytosine residues methylated by a virally encoded DNA methyltransferase.
Gene expression.
Similar to the herpes viruses, transcription occurs in three stages: immediate-early, delayed-early, and late. Positive induction and negative feedback mechanisms exist in each stage, mediated by products of the other stages.
Replication.
Virus particles enter the cell and uncoating occurs. The viral DNA is transported to the host cell nucleus, where it is transcribed by host RNA polymerase II modified by the virus. Meanwhile, host macromolecular synthesis is stopped.
Parental DNA produces a genome which is then the template for replication in the cytoplasm. Large concatemers of viral DNA are formed by recombination in the cytoplasm. Packaging of the new genomes into virions occurs in the cytoplasm and the virus is released either by budding from of the cell membrane or cell lysis.
Pathogenesis.
Little is known about the pathogenesis of iridoviruses. The pathogenesis is, however, temperature dependent and iridoviruses are thus confined to poikilothermic hosts.
Host range.
Members of the "Iridoviridae" family infect mainly invertebrates, but also some vertebrate species such as fish, amphibians and reptiles.

</doc>
<doc id="9894916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894916" title="EDTA (disambiguation)">
EDTA (disambiguation)

EDTA is "ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid" (and "ethylenediaminetetraacetate"), a chemical compound 
EDTA may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9894921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894921" title="Night Owl (film)">
Night Owl (film)

Night Owl, a 1993 vampire film shot in New York's Alphabet City and directed by Jeffrey Arsenault, starred John Leguizamo and James Raftery as Jake, a brooding vampire/squatter who picks up women in nightclubs and while having sex with them, slices their necks with a matte knife and drinks their blood. One night he murders the sister of Angel, John Leguizamo, who begins a desperate search to find her killer. Ultimately, their paths cross and what happens is shocking. Meanwhile, Jake falls in love with Anne Guish, a performance artist, and tries desperately to resist his urge for fresh blood. Featuring Warhol superstar Holly Woodlawn, Caroline Munro of James Bond and Hammer Horror fame, and David Roya from Billy Jack, it was the first in a succession of gritty b&w bloodsucker movies set in the same area of New York City, followed by Nadja and The Addiction. Leguizamo, in one of his first roles, went on to major stardom with films like Moulin Rouge, Carlito's Way and Land of the Dead. Raftery now writes music and performs under the name Rat Wakes Red. Retitled "Nite Owl" when released on DVD. Not to be confused with a film of the same name starring Jennifer Beals. Interesting note: During the two-year time span of shooting the film, Arsenault directed Leguizamo in his first one-man show, "Mambo Mouth", Off-Broadway.

</doc>
<doc id="9894924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894924" title="John Charles Tarsney">
John Charles Tarsney

John Charles Tarsney (November 7, 1845 - September 4, 1920) was a politician from the U.S. state of Missouri.
One of Tarsney's most long lasting contributions was the "Tarsney Act" which permitted private architects to design federal buildings after being selected in a competition under the supervision of Supervising Architect of the United States Treasury. Competitions were held for the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, Ellis Island, James Farley Post Office, Cleveland Federal Building, U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Baltimore, Maryland, and U.S. Customhouse in San Francisco, California (which are all now on the National Register of Historic Places) among others. The competitions were met with enthusiasm by the architect community but were also marred by scandal as when Supervisory Architect James Knox Taylor picked Cass Gilbert for the New York Customs job. Taylor and Gilbert had been members of the Gilbert & Taylor architecture firm in St. Paul, Minnesota. In 1913 the act was repealed.
Tarsney was born in Medina Township, Michigan and attended the common schools. During the Civil War, he enlisted in the Fourth Regiment, Michigan Volunteer Infantry, in August 1862, and fought and was captured at the Battle of Gettysburg. He was imprisoned at Andersonville Prison and Camp Lawton, but escaped from the latter prison by temporarily taking the identity of a recently-deceased soldier who was to be exchanged. Tarsney mustered out of the service in June 1865. He attended high school in Hudson, Michigan and graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1869. He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Hudson. In 1872, he moved to Kansas City, Missouri and served as city attorney of Kansas City in 1874 and 1875. His brother, Timothy E. Tarsney was a U.S. Representative from Michigan. His sister Mary E. Tarsney married Thomas A. E. Weadock who became a U.S. Representative from Michigan after her death.
In 1888, Tarsney was elected as a Democrat from Missouri's 5th congressional district to the 51st United States Congress. He was subsequently re-elected to the 52nd and 53rd Congresses, serving from March 4, 1889 to March 3, 1895. He was chairman of the Committee on Labor in the 52nd Congress. He presented credentials as a Member-elect to the 54th Congress and served from March 4, 1895, to February 27, 1896, when he was succeeded by Robert T. Van Horn, who had contested his election.
John Charles Tarsney was appointed by U.S. President Grover Cleveland to serve as associate justice of the Supreme Court of Oklahoma Territory in 1896 and served until 1899. That year he returned to Kansas City and resumed the practice of law. He died in Kansas City and is interred in Mount St. Mary’s Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9894943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894943" title="Timothy E. Tarsney">
Timothy E. Tarsney

Timothy Edward Tarsney (February 4, 1849 - June 8, 1909) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Tarsney was born in Ransom, Michigan and attended the common and high schools. He worked on the Government roads in Tennessee until the close of the Civil War. When he returned to Michigan, he settled in Saginaw, where he was employed as a sawmill engineer and became a marine engineer in 1867. He graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1872 and was admitted to the bar the same year and commencing practice in East Saginaw. He was elected justice of the peace in 1873 and city attorney from 1875 to 1878, when he resigned. His brother, John Charles Tarsney, was a U.S. Representative from Missouri. His sister Mary E. Tarsney married Thomas A. E. Weadock who became a U.S. Representative from Michigan after her death.
In 1880, Tarsney was an unsuccessful candidate for election to the 47th United States Congress, losing to Roswell G. Horr. He was a delegate at-large to the Democratic National Convention in 1884. That year, he defeated Horr to be elected as a Democrat from Michigan's 8th congressional district to the 49th Congress. He defeated Horr again to be re-elected to the 50th Congress, serving from March 4, 1885 to March 3, 1889. He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1888, losing to Aaron T. Bliss.
Tarsney moved to Detroit in 1893 and resumed the practice of law. He served on the corporation counsel of Detroit from 1900 to 1908. The following year, he died at the age of sixty in Detroit and is interred in Calvary Cemetery in Saginaw, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="9894949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894949" title="G. Thomas Goodnight">
G. Thomas Goodnight

G. Thomas Goodnight is an American argumentation and rhetorical scholar. 
He is a professor and director of doctoral studies in the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Southern California. He has published essays in "Communication Monographs", "Communication Theory", "Journal of the American Forensic Association", "Quarterly Journal of Speech", and "Argumentation".He has lectured in France, Belgium, Germany, Italy, Yugoslavia, and the Netherlands. His seminal contribution to the field of argumentation theory lies in his approach to "spheres of argument," an idea that has sparked many scholarly studies. Before joining USC full-time in 2004, Goodnight taught undergraduate and graduate courses in Northwestern University's Communication Studies department in contemporary rhetorical theory, criticism, theory of argumentation, and the public sphere. His current research interests include deliberation and postwar society, science communication, argument and aesthetics, public discourse studies, and communicative reason in controversy.
Professor Goodnight has been named by the American Forensics Association as one of the top 5 scholars in argumentation in the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="9894955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894955" title="United Socialist Party (Italy, 1922–30)">
United Socialist Party (Italy, 1922–30)

The United Socialist Party ("Partito Socialista Unitario", PSU) was a social-democratic political party in Italy, active from 1922 to 1930.
The party was founded in November 1922 by the reformist wing of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI) led by Filippo Turati and Giacomo Matteotti, after they had been expelled in October. A staunch opponent of Benito Mussolini and Fascism, Matteotti was assassinated by Fascist thugs, affiliated to "OVRA", in June 1924. The event provoked the Aventine Secession). Outlawed in November 1925, the PSU became active in clandestinity, as the Italian Workers' Socialist Party ("Partito Socialista dei Lavoratori Italiani", PSLI). In June 1930 the PSLI re-joined the PSI.
Leading members and activists of the party included Oddino Morgari, Sandro Pertini, Camillo Prampolini, Claudio Treves and Anna Kulischov.
The party was a member of the Labour and Socialist International between 1923 and 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="9894956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894956" title="Chrysovirus">
Chrysovirus

Chrysoviruses are a group of viruses in the "Chrysoviridae" family. They are Class III double stranded RNA viruses which infect fungi, in particular "Penicillium". Their name is derived from the Greek word "chrysos" which means yellow-green.
Virology.
The virus particles are non-enveloped and icosohedral with a diameter between 35–40 nm. The genome has three double stranded RNA segments. All have extended highly conserved terminal sequences at both ends.

</doc>
<doc id="9894958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894958" title="John Gallant">
John Gallant

John Gallant is a lacrosse player and captain of the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League.
Before signing on with the Colorado Mammoth, Gallant played for the Washington Power for one season. He was voted to the 2007 All-star game as a reserve defenseman and helped Team Canada defend their title at the 2007 World Indoor Lacrosse Championships in Halifax Nova Scotia, Canada.
Gallant is the only remaining player on the Colorado Mammoth to have played with the club for each of its seven seasons, and he was announced as team captain on November 16, 2009, succeeding the team's all time leading scorer, Gavin Prout.

</doc>
<doc id="9894962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894962" title="The Mahabharata (1989 film)">
The Mahabharata (1989 film)

The Mahabharata is a 1989 film version of the Indian epic based on the history of India, "Mahabharata "directed by Peter Brook. Brook's original 1985 stage play was 9 hours long, and toured around the world for four years. In 1989, it was reduced to under 6 hours for television (TV mini series). Later it was also reduced to about 3 hours for theatrical and DVD release. The screenplay was the result of eight years' work by Peter Brook, Jean-Claude Carrière and Marie-Hélène Estienne. For the casting an international selection of actors was intentionally chosen, to show that the nature of the Indian epic is the story of all humanity.
Plot.
In general terms, the story involves epic incidents between two warring families, the Pandavas (representing the good side) and the Kauravas (representing the bad side). Both sides, being the offspring of kings and gods, fight for dominion. They have both been advised by the god Krishna to live in harmony and abstain from the bloody lust for power. Yet their fights come to threaten the very order of the Universe. The plot is framed as a narrative between the Brahmin sage Vyasa and the Hindu deity Ganesha, and directed towards an unnamed Indian boy who comes to him inquiring about the story of the human race.
Reception.
The production's use of an international cast caused heated intercultural debate. Negative criticism came from Indian scholar Pradip Bhattacharya who felt that Brook's interpretation "was not a portrayal of a titanic clash between the forces of good and evil, which is the stuff of the epic... the story of the warring progeny of some rustic landlord".
Awards.
In 1990, the film won the award for Performing Arts of the International Emmy Awards and the Audience Award for Best Feature at the São Paulo International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9894973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894973" title="Dark Passion Play">
Dark Passion Play

Dark Passion Play is the sixth studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released on 26 September, 2007 in Finland, 28 September in Europe and 2 October 2007 in the United States. It is the first Nightwish album with new singer Anette Olzon, the first album not featuring original vocalist Tarja Turunen, who was dismissed in 2005, as well as the first album involving future member Troy Donockley on uilleann pipes and tin whistle. Lead songwriter Tuomas Holopainen has referred to it as the "album that saved his life".
The first single, "Eva", was leaked on the Internet six days before its official release, prompting the band to release the single earlier to boost downloads. Several other versions of the song were posted on YouTube and torrent sites a month later; the entire album with record label voiceovers had been leaked on the Internet by 2 August. The full album (without voiceovers) was leaked on 21 September 2007, as a result of several stores in Mexico selling the retail album much prior to the worldwide release date.
Pre-orders for "Dark Passion Play" had it certified gold in Finland before it had even been released. The album debuted at number one in 6 European countries, selling over 100,000 copies in Finland (triple platinum) alone. In February 2008, the album was certified quadruple-platinum in Finland, after having sold over 120,000 copies, which makes it one of the 40 best-selling albums of all time in the country. It has also sold 134,000 copies in the United States. Worldwide, "Dark Passion Play" has sold over 2 million copies since its release, being Nightwish's most successful album to date.
Background and production.
On 21 October 2005, after the "Once Upon a Tour", the band's lead singer Tarja Turunen was dismissed via an open letter. In search of a replacement, the band conducted auditions from 17 March 2006 to 15 January 2007, receiving over 2000 demo tapes in the process. Amidst much speculation the new singer was officially announced on 24 May 2007 to be Anette Olzon, previously the singer for the Swedish AOR band Alyson Avenue. In an interview, Holopainen said they had made the decision in January 2007 based on the impression she made while performing the song "Ever Dream" from the album "Century Child".
The recording process started in the spring 2006 in different studios across Europe; the drums were recorded by Nevalainen in Hollola, Finland, at the Petrax Studios, Emppu Vuorinen recorded the guitars in Kerava, Finland, were also record the keyboards by Holopainen and the bass parts by Marco Hietala. Hietala is also the band's male singer, and in 2006 Hietala sung some of the new songs to record the demo versions as a base for the final recordings, with definitive vocals being recorded by Olzon at the Petrax in March 2007, immediately after being chosen to replace Tarja Turunen, and nearly two months before her name was given to the media and the fans.
When the drummer Jukka Nevalainen was asked about the overall cost of the new album, he was quoted as saying “Roughly half a million... We don’t know the exact sum down to the euros and cents as yet.” Half of this cost was incurred in London, over an expensive eight days at the Abbey Road Studios in London, UK, during which time the London Session Orchestra, the Metro Voices Choir, a gospel choir and two Irish musicians recorded their parts at the studio. In the August 16, 2008, interview with "Kerrang!" Tuomas Holopainen recalled:
"When I think back to it, it was such a crucial point to so many people, we didn't even realise back then but it showed us what we would be doing for the next year of our lives. We were never nervous about Anette, or the album being good, but we just couldn't tell how people would take it. Would they like Anette? Would they like the music? That was in the back of our minds all the time. And there was such a huge amount of money involved, over 800.000 euros, that we needed to sell at least a few albums to get going," Tuomas Holopainen was recalling in 2008.
The orchestral line-up featured 66 members from the London Philharmonic Orchestra, 32 singers from The Metro Voices and twelve gospel singers. The final mixing process spent more than 75 days at the Finnvox Studios in Kitee, Finland, the same place where Nightwish recorded all their previous albums.
Music description.
Before the album's release, band leader Tuomas Holopainen said in an interview that the album would have a lot in common with the previous album "Once". For example, the band have kept the new kind of heavier songs, such as "Master Passion Greed", "Whoever Brings the Night", "7 Days to the Wolves", and "Bye Bye Beautiful", but additionally there are softer ballads, such as "Meadows of Heaven", "Eva", and "The Islander". This album includes lots of guest musicians and orchestral parts, just like "Once", but with a bigger level.
Just like the album "Once", Nightwish included many new influences and experimentations in several tracks. On "Once", much inspiration came from Native American music, especially "Creek Mary's Blood", which featured Lakota Indian musician John Two-Hawks. However, on "Dark Passion Play", much inspiration comes from Finnish and Irish culture and music, which can be clearly heard on "Last of the Wilds". Songs like "Master Passion Greed" and "Cadence Of Her Last Breath" included thrash metal and alternative metal elements as well, displaying the newer, more modern sound of the band.
Holopainen also said that there are darker pieces reminiscent of the album "Century Child", such as "The Poet and the Pendulum", and some others. It will be a dark album, both musically and lyrically. Even though the album is much more upbeat than "Century Child". Songs that reflect this mood are for example the second single "Amaranth" and "Bye Bye Beautiful"'s B-side "Escapist."
Reception.
The album has sold more than 130,000 copies in Finland to date, placing 26th on the list of best-selling Finnish albums ever released, which has granted it a platinum certification four times. "Dark Passion Play" has sold over 2 million copies worldwide. It has been certified as 2x platinum in Switzerland, Platinum in Hungary, Germany, and Gold in Sweden, Austria and Poland; Dark Passion Play is also the most successful Nightwish album in UK and USA.
As of January 2008, the album has topped the album charts in six countries; the singles, "Amaranth" and "Erämaan Viimeinen" have both reached the first position on Finnish charts. According to Last.fm, "Dark Passion Play" is their most played album, and its successful single "Amaranth" has as of February 2009 been holding the position of most played song since its release.
The album was also critically acclaimed in most reviews. "Allmusic" called the album a "sort of opera aria" and praised "Bye Bye Beautiful", on a track pic and "Eva", that they say it focus on the new vocalist vocal abilities. 
The album was also given a positive review by "Blabbermouth"'s Keith Bergman, who gave the album a 7.5 out of 10 and stated that it "may not be a masterpiece throughout, but it's got enough moments of symphonic metal bliss to warrant a high recommendation. "About.com" writer, Chad Bowar, gave the album a score of 4 out of 5 stars, calling "Dark Passion Play" "an excellent album that's right up there with the best the band has done."
Promotion.
To promote the release of the album, Nightwish played the "Dark Passion Play World Tour", that took place from 2007 to 2009.
On 22 September 2007, the band hosted a secret concert at Rock Café in Tallinn, Estonia, disguising itself as a Nightwish cover band called "Nachtwasser". Their first official concert with the new singer was in Tel Aviv, Israel on 6 October 2007. The "Dark Passion Play" tour thus started, visiting the United States, Canada, most of Europe, Asia, and Australia. In 2008, the band played over 100 shows, with dates in Oceania, Europe and Asia. In November, the band played in South America, and before this leg they took a three month break; Nightwish began the third leg in 2009, with dates in North America and Europe, and also playing in several summer metal festivals, including Graspop Metal Meeting and Masters of Rock. The last show was played in Helsinki, Finland, in front of 10,000 fans.
The support bands were changing throughout the tour. The frequent acts were the Finnish pop rock female group Indica, Swedish metal band Sonic Syndicate and the Swedish industrial metal band Pain. The USA tour was supported by Gothic metal band Paradise Lost. In the last concert, the opening band was the Finnish act Apocalyptica. On 11 March 2009, was released an EP/DVD, "Made in Hong Kong (And in Various Other Places)", with 8 live tracks recorded during the tour in various concerts; the DVD contains three music videos as well as a documentary featuring material from Israel to South America, directed by Ville Lipiäinen.
Personnel.
Credits for "Dark Passion Play" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="9894984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894984" title="United Socialist Party (Italy, 1949–51)">
United Socialist Party (Italy, 1949–51)

The United Socialist Party (Italian: "Partito Socialista Unitario") was a social-democratic political party in Italy existing from 1949 to 1951.
The party was founded by some moderate members of the Italian Socialist Party, which had unsuccessfully asked for a collaboration of their former party with the Italian Christian Democracy, and some leftist members of the Italian Socialist Workers' Party. The party was led by a former Minister of Interior, Giuseppe Romita.
On 1 May 1951, the party fused with the Italian Socialist Workers' Party, previously founded by the reformist wing of the Italian Socialist Party in 1947 and led by Giuseppe Saragat, to give birth to the Italian Democratic Socialist Party (PSDI).

</doc>
<doc id="9894992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9894992" title="Hegir-Nuna">
Hegir-Nuna

Hegir-Nuna (or Gangir) is a goddess in Sumerian mythology. She is one of the seven daughters of the goddess Baba, known chiefly at Lagash.
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9895018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895018" title="Blind (Breed 77 song)">
Blind (Breed 77 song)

"Blind" is a song and single by Gibraltarian flamenco metal band Breed 77. It was exclusively released as a download exactly a week prior to the release of the album In My Blood (En Mi Sangre).
"Blind" was one of Bruce Dickinson's top 5 singles of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9895061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895061" title="History of the United States Air Force">
History of the United States Air Force

The United States Air Force became a separate military service on September 18, 1947, with the implementation of the National Security Act of 1947. The Act created the National Military Establishment, later renamed the United States Department of Defense, which was composed of three branches, the Army, Navy and a newly created Air Force. Prior to 1947, the responsibility for military aviation was divided between the Army (for land-based operations) and the Navy, for sea-based operations from aircraft carrier and amphibious aircraft. The Army created the first antecedent of the Air Force in 1907, which through a succession of changes of organization, titles, and missions advanced toward eventual separation 40 years later. The predecessor organizations leading up to today's U.S. Air Force are:
World War I and between wars.
World War I.
In 1918, upon the United States' entry into World War I, the first major U.S. aviation combat force was created when an Air Service was formed as part of the American Expeditionary Force (AEF). Major General Mason Patrick commanded the Air Service of the AEF; his deputy was Brigadier General Billy Mitchell. These aviation units, some of which were trained in France, provided tactical support for the U.S. Army, especially during the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne offensives. Among the aces of the AEF Air Service were Captain Eddie Rickenbacker and 2nd Lieutenant Frank Luke.
Concurrent with the creation of this combat force, the U.S. Army's aviation establishment in the United States was removed from control of the Signal Corps and placed directly under the United States Secretary of War. An assistant secretary was created to direct the Army Air Service, which had dual responsibilities for development and procurement of aircraft, and raising and training of air units. With the end of the First World War, the AEF's Air Service was dissolved and the Army Air Service in the United States largely demobilized.
In 1920, the Air Service became a branch of the Army and in 1926 was renamed the Army Air Corps. During this period, the Air Corps began experimenting with new techniques, including air-to-air refueling and the development of the B-9 and the Martin B-10, the first all-metal monoplane bombers, and new fighters.
Billy Mitchell: Air Power Court Martialed.
Americans were fascinated with aviation in the 1920s and 1930s and refused to allow War Department conservatism to block innovation. General Billy Mitchell, the deputy director of the Air Service sought to wrest control of coastal defense away from the Navy. He went public insisting that his planes could sink battleships any day (a dubious proposition in the 1920s). Mitchell lost his self-control in 1925 when he accused the Navy in a press release of "incompetency, criminal negligence and almost treasonable administration of the national defense." He received the highly publicized court martial he wanted, and was allowed to expound his theory that air power alone would suffice to win the next big war. He was convicted, and resigned. He became a popular hero and public opinion forced the War Department to strengthen the Air Corps. Mitchell's main argument was air power had to be autonomous—had to be controlled by fliers who understood the new technology, new tactics, new strategies, and who would not waste precious air assets in trying to assist old-fashioned armies and navies. Until his death in 1936 Mitchell, as a civilian, was a tireless prophet of airpower before numerous civilian audiences, but he lost touch with aviation developments and ceased to be influential inside the services.
Indeed, his almost hysterical attacks made many generals hostile. The Air Corps managed a few publicity stunts, but always seemed to be overshadowed by glamorous civilians like Charles Lindbergh, Howard Hughes or Amelia Earhart. In 1934 President Franklin Roosevelt, feuding with the airline industry, suddenly turned the delivery of air mail over to the Air Corps. Multiple crashes by inexperienced Air Corps pilots in mediocre planes with poor navigation gear emphasized the fragility of the new service, and undercut its claims that in wartime it could perform miracles. Roosevelt, however, had become a firm believer in air power and had behind him both public opinion and Congress. When mobilization began in spring 1940 Roosevelt was as energetic as anyone in expanding the air role, calling for 50,000 planes a year, and sending the best new models to Britain for its war against the Luftwaffe.
Command structure.
In 1935, as a result of recommendations from two civilian review boards, the next advancement toward independence for the Air Force occurred when all flying units, which heretofore had been distributed to various ground commands, were grouped together as an aerial task force under one air commander as the General Headquarters Air Force. The Air Corps, headed by the Chief of the Air Corps, continued as before but now held responsibility only for supply, airfields, and training, in effect splitting the Air Force into two parts. Both were commanded by major generals (Frank Andrews and Oscar Westover, followed by Henry H. ("Hap") Arnold).
Technology.
In 1937, the B-17 Flying Fortress made its first appearance. In a feat of navigation impressive for the time, three B-17s intercepted the Italian passenger liner "Rex" at sea. Though intended to demonstrate the ability of the Air Corps to defend the nation's coasts, the mission also indicated the emerging doctrine within the Air Corps of the supremacy of strategic bombing.
During World War I, aviation technology developed rapidly; however, the Army's reluctance to use the new technology began to make airmen think that as long as the Army controlled aviation, development would be stunted and a potentially valuable force neglected. Air Corps senior officer Billy Mitchell began to campaign for Air Corps independence. But his campaign offended many and resulted in a court martial in 1925 that effectively ended his career. His followers, including future aviation leaders "Hap" Arnold and Carl Spaatz, saw the lack of public, congressional, and military support that Mitchell received and decided that America was not ready for an independent air force. Under the leadership of its chief of staff Mason Patrick and, later, Arnold, the Air Corps waited until the time to fight for independence arose again.
World War II.
The Air Force came of age in World War II. President Franklin D. Roosevelt took the lead, calling for a vastly enlarged air force based on long-range strategic bombing. Organizationally it became largely independent in 1941, when the Army Air Corps became a part of the new U.S. Army Air Forces (AAF), and the GHQ Air Force was redesignated the subordinate Combat Command. In the major reorganization of the Army by War Department Circular 59, effective March 9, 1942, the newly created Army Air Forces gained equal voice with the Army and Navy on the Joint Chiefs of Staff and complete autonomy from the Army Ground Forces and the Services of Supply. The reorganization also eliminated both Combat Command and the Air Corps as organizations (the latter became a combat arm until 1947) in favor of a streamlined system of commands and numbered air forces for decentralized management of the burgeoning Army Air Forces.
The reorganization merged all aviation elements of the former air arm into the Army Air Forces. Although the Air Corps still legally existed as an Army branch, the position and Office of the Chief of the Air Corps was dissolved. However, people in and out of AAF who remembered the prewar designation often used the term "Air Corps" informally, as did the media.
Carl A. Spaatz took command of the Eighth Air Force in London in 1942; with General Ira Eaker he supervised the strategic bombing campaign. In late 1943, Spaatz was made commander of the new U.S. Strategic Air Forces, reporting directly to the Combined Chiefs of Staff. Spaatz began daylight bombing operations using the prewar doctrine of flying bombers in close formations, relying on their combined defensive firepower for protection from attacking enemy aircraft rather than supporting fighter escorts. The doctrine proved flawed when deep-penetration missions beyond the range of escort fighters were attempted, because German fighter planes overwhelmed U.S. formations, shooting down bombers in excess of "acceptable" loss rates, especially in combination with the vast number of flak anti-aircraft batteries defending Germany's major targets. American fliers took heavy casualties during raids on the oil refineries of Ploieşti, Romania, and the ball-bearing factories at Schweinfurt and Regensburg, Germany, and it was the loss rate in crews and not materiel that brought about a pullback from the strategic offensive in the autumn of 1943.
The Eighth Air Force had attempted to use both the P-47 and P-38 as escorts, but while the Thunderbolt was a capable dog-fighter it lacked the range, even with the addition of drop tanks to extend its range, and the Lightning proved mechanically unreliable in the frigid altitudes at which the missions were fought. Bomber protection was greatly improved after the introduction of North American P-51 Mustang fighters in Europe. With its built-in extended range and competitive or superior performance characteristics in comparison to all existing German piston-engined fighters, the Mustang was an immediately available solution to the crisis. In January 1944 the Eighth Air Force obtained priority in equipping its groups, so that ultimately 14 of its 15 groups fielded Mustangs. P-51 escorts began operations in February 1944 and increased their numbers rapidly, so that the Luftwaffe suffered increasing fighter losses in aerial engagements beginning with Big Week in early 1944. Allied fighters were also granted free rein in attacking German fighter airfields, both in pre-planned missions and while returning to base from escort duties, and the major Luftwaffe threat against Allied bombers was severely diminished by D-Day.
In the Pacific Theater of Operations, the AAF provided major tactical support under General George Kenney to Douglas MacArthur in the Southwest Pacific theater. Kenney's pilots invented the skip-bombing technique against Japanese ships. Kenney's forces claimed destruction of 11,900 Japanese planes and 1.7 million tons of shipping. The first development and sustained implementation of airlift by American air forces occurred between May 1942 and November 1945 as hundreds of transports flew more than half a million tons of supplies from India to China over the Hump.
The AAF created the Twentieth Air Force to employ long-range B-29 Superfortress bombers in strategic attacks on Japanese cities. The use of forward bases in China (needed to be able to reach Japan by the heavily laden B-29's) was ineffective because of the difficulty in logistically supporting the bases entirely by air from its main bases in India, and because of a persistent threat against the Chinese airfields by the Japanese army. After the Mariana Islands were captured in mid-1944, providing locations for air bases that could be supplied by sea, Arnold moved all B-29 operations there by April 1945 and made General Curtis LeMay his bomber commander (reporting directly to Arnold, who personally commanded Twentieth Air Force until July). LeMay reasoned that the Japanese economy, much of which was cottage industry in dense urban areas where manufacturing and assembly plants were also located, was particularly vulnerable to area attack and abandoned inefficient high-altitude precision bombing in favor of low-level incendiary bombings aimed at destroying large urban areas. On the night of March 9–10, 1945, the bombing of Tokyo and the resulting conflagration resulted in the death of over 100,000 persons. 350,000 people died in 66 other Japanese cities as a result of this shift to incendiary bombing. At the same time, the B-29 was also employed in widespread mining of Japanese harbors and sea lanes. In early August 1945, the Twentieth Air Force conducted atomic bomb attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in response to Japan's rejection of the Potsdam Declaration which outlined the terms of surrender for Japan. Both cities were destroyed with enormous loss of life and psychological shock. On August 15, Emperor Hirohito announced the surrender of Japan, stating:
Cold War and war in Korea.
In practice, the Army Air Forces became virtually independent of the Army during World War II, but its leaders wanted formal independence. Over the continuing objections of the Navy, the United States Department of the Air Force was created by the National Security Act of 1947. That act became effective September 18, 1947 when the first secretary of the Air Force, Stuart Symington, took office. In 1948, the service chiefs agreed on usage of air assets under the "Key West Agreement".
On 16 September 1947, the Army Air Forces became the United States Air Force as a separate and equal element of the United States armed forces. The fledgling Air Force quickly established its own identity. Army Air Fields were renamed Air Force Bases and personnel were soon being issued new uniforms with new rank insignia. Once the new Air Force was free of army domination, its first job was to discard the old and inadequate ground army organizational structure. This was the "Base Plan" where the combat group commander reported to the base commander, who was often regular army, with no flying experience.
General Carl A. Spaatz established a new policy, "No tactical commander should be subordinate to the station commander." This resulted in a search for a better arrangement. The commander of the 15th Air Force, Major General Charles Born, proposed the Provisional Wing Plan, which basically reversed the situation and put the wing commander over the base commander. The USAF basic organizational unit became the Base-Wing.
Under this plan, the base support functions – supply, base operations, transportation, security, and medical were assigned to squadrons, usually commanded by a Major or Lt. Colonel. All of these squadrons were assigned to a Combat Support Group, commanded by a Base Commander, usually a Colonel. Combat fighter or bomber squadrons were assigned to the Combat Group, a retention of the USAAF Group. All of these groups, both combat and combat support, were in turn assigned to the Wing, commanded by a Wing Commander. This way the Wing Commander commanded both the combat operational elements on the base as well as the non-operational The Wing Commander was an experienced air combat leader, usually a Colonel or Brigadier General. All of the hierarchical organizations carried the same numerical designation. In this manner, for example, the 28th became the designation for the Wing and all the subordinate groups and squadrons beneath it. As a result, the base and the wing became one and the same unit. On 16 June 1952, the legacy combat groups were inactivated and the operational Combat Squadrons were assigned directly to the Wing. The World War II history, lineage and honors of the combat group were bestowed on the Wing upon its inactivation.
The USAAF Wing then was redesignated as an Air Division, which was commanded Brigadier General or higher, who commanded two or more wings usually, but not always, on a single base. Numbered Air Forces (NAF) commanded both Air Divisions or Wings directly, and the NAF was under the Major Command (SAC, TAC, ADC, etc.).
After World War II, relations between the United States and the Soviet Union began to deteriorate, and the period in history known as the Cold War began. The United States entered an arms race with the Soviet Union and competition aimed at increasing each nation's influence throughout the world. In response, the United States expanded its military presence throughout the world. The USAF opened air bases throughout Europe, and later in Japan and South Korea. The United States also built air bases on the British overseas territories of British Indian Ocean Territory and Ascension Island in the South Atlantic.
The first test for the USAF during the Cold War came in 1948, when Communist authorities in East Germany cut off road and air transportation to West Berlin. The USAF, along with the Royal Air Force (RAF), supplied the city during the Berlin airlift under Operation Vittles, using C-54 Skymasters. The efforts of the USAF and British RAF saved the city from starvation and forced the Soviets to back down in their blockade.
Conflict over post-war military administration, especially with regard to the roles and missions to be assigned to the Air Force and the U.S. Navy, led to an episode called the "Revolt of the Admirals" in the late 1940s, in which high-ranking Navy officers argued the case for carrier-based aircraft rather than strategic bombers.
In 1947, the USAF began Project Sign, a study of unidentified flying objects what would be twice revived (first as Project Grudge and finally as Project Blue Book) and which would last until 1969.
During the Korean War, which began in June 1950, the Far East Air Forces (FEAF) were among the first units to respond to the invasion by North Korea, but quickly lost its main airbase at Kimpo, South Korea. Forced to provide close air support to the defenders of the Pusan pocket from bases in Japan, the FEAF also conducted a strategic bombing campaign against North Korea's war-making potential simultaneously. General Douglas MacArthur's landing at Inchon in September 1950 enabled the FEAF to return to Korea and develop bases from which they supported MacArthur's drive to the Korean-Chinese border.
When the Chinese People's Liberation Army attacked in December 1950, the USAF provided tactical air support. The introduction of Soviet-made MiG-15 jet fighters caused problems for the B-29s used to bomb North Korea, but the USAF countered the MiGs with its new F-86 Sabre jet fighters. Although both air superiority and close air support missions were successful, a lengthy attempt to interdict communist supply lines by air attack failed and was replaced by a systematic campaign to inflict as much economic cost to North Korea and the Chinese forces as long as war persisted, including attacks on the capital city of Pyongyang and against the North Korean hydroelectric system.
Vietnam War.
The USAF was heavily deployed during the Vietnam War. The first bombing raids against North Vietnam occurred in 1964, following the Gulf of Tonkin Incident. In March 1965, a sustained bombing campaign began, code-named Operation Rolling Thunder. This campaign's purpose was to destroy the will of the North Vietnamese to fight, destroy industrial bases and air defences, and to stop the flow of men and supplies down the Ho Chi Minh Trail, while forcing North Vietnam into peace negotiations. The USAF dropped more bombs in all combat operations in Vietnam during the period 1965-68 than it did during World War II, and the Rolling Thunder campaign lasted until the U.S. presidential election of 1968. Except for heavily damaging the North Vietnamese economy and infrastructure, Rolling Thunder failed in its political and strategic goals.
The USAF also played a critical role in defeating the Easter Offensive of 1972. The rapid redeployment of fighters, bombers, and attack aircraft help the South Vietnamese Army repel the invasion. Operation Linebacker demonstrated to both the North and South Vietnamese that even without significant U.S. Army ground forces, the United States could still influence the war. The air war for the United States ended with Operation Linebacker II, also known as the "Christmas Bombings." These helped to finalize the Paris peace negotiations.
The insurgent nature of combat operations early in the war, and the necessity of interdicting the North Vietnamese regular army and its supply lines in third-party countries of Southeast Asia led to the development of a significant special operations capability within the USAF. Provisional and experimental concepts such as air commandos and aerial gunships, tactical missions such as the partially successful Operation Ivory Coast deep inside enemy territory, and a dedicated Combat Search and Rescue mission resulted in development of operational doctrines, units, and equipment.
Combat operations since 1975.
The USAF modernized its tactical air forces in the late 1970s with the introduction of the F-15, A-10, and F-16 fighters, and the implementation of realistic training scenarios under the aegis of Red Flag. In turn, it also upgraded the equipment and capabilities of its Air Reserve Components (ARC) by the equipping of both the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve with first-line aircraft.
Expanding its force structure in the 1980s to 40 fighter wings and drawing further on the lessons of the Vietnam War, the USAF also dedicated units and aircraft to Electronic Warfare (EW) and the Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses (SEAD). The humiliating failure in April 1980 of the Operation Eagle Claw rescue mission in Iran resulted directly in an increased USAF emphasis on participation in the doctrine, equipment, personnel, and planning of Joint Special Operations.
The USAF provided attack, airlift, and combat support capability for operations in Grenada in 1983 (Operation Urgent Fury), Libya in 1986 (Operation El Dorado Canyon), and Panama in 1989 (Operation Just Cause). Lessons learned in these operations were applied to its force structure and doctrine, and became the basis for successful air operations in the 1990s and after September 11, 2001.
The development of satellite reconnaissance during the Cold War, the extensive use of both tactical and strategic aerial reconnaissance during numerous combat operations, and the nuclear war deterrent role of the USAF resulted in the recognition of space as a possible combat arena. An emphasis on "aerospace" operations and doctrine grew in the 1980s. Missile warning and space operations were combined to form Air Force Space Command in 1982. In 1991, Operation Desert Storm provided emphasis for the command's new focus on supporting combat operations.
The creation of the internet and the universality of computer technology as a basic warfighting tool resulted in the priority development of cyber warfare techniques and defenses by the USAF.
Gulf War.
The USAF provided the bulk of the Allied air power during the Gulf War in 1991, flying alongside aircraft of the U.S. Navy and the RAF. The F-117 Nighthawk stealth fighter's capabilities were shown on the first night of the air war when it was able to bomb central Baghdad and avoid the sophisticated Iraqi anti-aircraft defenses. The USAF, along with the U.S. Navy and the RAF, later patrolled the skies of northern and southern Iraq after the war to ensure that Iraq's air defence capability could not be rebuilt. Operation Provide Comfort 1991-96 and Operation Northern Watch 1997-2003 - no-fly zones north of the 36th parallel north and Operation Southern Watch - no-fly zone south of the 33rd parallel north.
Air Expeditionary Force.
Faced with declining budgets for personnel and resources in the late 1990s, the Air Force realized that it had to change the way it did business if it was to remain in business providing air power in support of America's national and international interests.
In the mid-1990s, the Air Force was carrying out the "deny-flight" patrols of Operations Northern and Southern Watch over Iraq. These airborne patrols were tedious, boring and placed additional burdens on an Air Force that had been significantly downsized after the end of the Cold War and Operation Desert Storm.
As the mission continued into one of multi-year duration, the obvious drain on equipment and manpower forced the Air Force to reconsider how it was going to meet its future worldwide commitments. The Air Expeditionary Force (AEF) concept was developed that would mix Active-Duty, Reserve and Air National Guard into a combined force. Instead of entire permanent units deploying for years on end, units composed of "aviation packages" from several wings, including active-duty Air Force, the Air Force Reserve Command and the Air National Guard, would be married together to carry out the assigned deployment rotation.
In this way, the Air Force and its reserve components did not have to provide complete units of their own to meet the requirements placed before it by the Air Staff and the combatant commanders. Unlike the overseas major commands already established such as PACAF or USAFE, CENTAF (later AFCENT) would not consist of permanently assigned units. Instead of the "Provisional" deployed units attached to the command during the 1991 (Persian) Gulf War, "Air Expeditionary" units would be the force projection components of CENTAF.
Air Expeditionary Force units are composed primarily of Air Combat Command or ACC gained components, but also components deployed from other major CONUS-based and overseas commands as necessary to meet mission requirements. AEF organizations are defined as temporary in nature, organized to meet a specific mission or national commitment. As such, they are activated and inactivated as necessary and do not carry any official lineage or history.
Knowing that overseas basing was not something that could always be counted on due to the volatility of U.S. relations with host nations, the Air Force decided that keeping units fixed in static locations was no longer a viable option. Instead of using the Cold War model of a large number of permanent bases with units assigned, the Air Force modified its war plans to include the use of fewer, temporary bases that would be used by multiple AEF units rotating in for a finite amount of time then inactivating afterwards.
Another not-to-be-forgotten benefit of the Air Expeditionary Force concept, at least for the reserve components - is that their members are all volunteers. When an AFRC or ANG unit is assigned to the AEF rotation cycle, it is the unit's responsibility to obtain the needed personnel to fulfill the requirement. Other than units activated by presidential order, the utilization of ANG and AFRC personnel to support the AEF rotation cycles has always been accomplished on a completely voluntary basis.
In addition, the various Air Expeditionary Wings formed by the Air Force for the purpose of meeting the various deployment rotations allowed the deployment burden to remote combat areas of AFCENT be spread more evenly over the total force, while providing meaningful training opportunities for reserve component units that otherwise would not have had them.
In 1996, Operation Desert Strike and 1998 Operation Desert Fox, the USAF bombed Saddam Hussein's Iraq.
Bosnia and Kosovo.
The USAF led NATO action in Bosnia with no-fly zones (Operation Deny Flight) 1993-96 and in 1995 with air strikes against the Bosnian Serbs (Operation Deliberate Force). This was the first time that USAF aircraft took part in military action as part of a NATO mission. The USAF led the strike forces as the NATO air force (otherwise mainly composed of RAF and Luftwaffe aircraft) with the greatest capability to launch air strikes over a long period of time.
In 1999, the USAF led NATO air strikes against Serbia during the Kosovo War (Operation Allied Force). NATO forces were later criticised for bombing civilian targets in Belgrade, including a strike on a civilian television station, and a later attack which destroyed the Chinese embassy.
Global War on Terror.
Lexington Institute CEO Loren Thompson has called the 9-11 attacks "the worst reversal of fortunes that any U.S. military service had suffered in many years" as the USAF failed to intercept any of the hijacked airliners.
In 2001, the USAF was deployed against the Taliban forces in Afghanistan. Operating from Diego Garcia, B-52 Stratofortress and B-1 Lancer bombers attacked Taliban positions. The USAF deployed daisy cutter bombs, dropped from C-130 Hercules cargo planes, for the first time since the Vietnam War. During this conflict, the USAF opened up bases in Central Asia for the first time.
The USAF was deployed in the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Following the defeat of Saddam Hussein’s regime, the USAF took over Baghdad International Airport as a base. USAF aircraft are used to provide support to Coalition and Iraqi forces in major operations to eliminate insurgent centers of activity and supply in north and west Iraq. Operations in both Afghanistan and Iraq demonstrated the effective utility of Unmanned air vehicles, the most prominent of which was the MQ-1 Predator. Fifty-four USAF personnel died in the Iraq War.
The USAF maintains a Combined Air & Space Operations Center in Qatar to direct air combat operations and Predator actions.
In March 2011, USAF jets bombed military targets in Libya as part of the international effort to enforce a United Nations resolution that imposed no-fly zone over the country and protected its people from the civil war that occurred when its dictator, Muammar Gaddafi suppressed the protests calling for the end of his regime. Protests were inspired by the revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt.
Modern Day.
Today, the United States Air Force is the largest, most capable, and most technologically advanced air force in the world, with about 5778 manned aircraft in service, approximately 156 Unmanned Combat Air Vehicles, 2130 Air-Launched Cruise Missiles, and 450 intercontinental ballistic missiles. The USAF has 328,439 personnel on active duty, 74,000 in the Selected and Individual Ready Reserves, and 106,000 in the Air National Guard. In addition, the Air Force employs 168,900 civilian personnel including indirect hire of foreign nationals. However after two decades of failure to recapitalize its aircraft under Clinton and the two Bushes, the USAF has its oldest and most outdated fleet ever. Tactical aircraft purchases were put off while Fifth-generation jet fighters were facing delays, cost overruns and cutbacks and the programs to replace the 1950s bomber and tanker fleets have just been started over again after many aborted attempts.
An Air Force fighter pilot died February 20, 2008 after two F-15C jets collided during a training exercise over the Gulf of Mexico.
The U.S. Air Force on February 29, 2008 announced one of the largest military acquisition programs in U.S. history, saying the service had chosen Northrop Grumman over Boeing to replace its aging air refueling tanker fleet.
The pilot of an F-16C fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon#F-16C/D jet that crashed in a remote area about 80 miles northwest of Phoenix, Arizona was killed when his plane went down. The plane was spotted late March 13, 2008. Rescuers could reach the site only by helicopter and arrived at daybreak March 15, 2008. There have been 17 other crashes of Luke Air Force Base F-16s since 1998, and only one of those resulted in a fatality. That crash happened in May 2004, when a pilot with the Republic of Singapore Air Force died after his jet went down during a training mission at an Air Force bombing range in southwest Arizona. The most recent crashes came in 2006. A pilot ejected safely from an F-16 in April 2006 after the lone engine on the jet exploded just after takeoff from the base. The aircraft came down in a cornfield.
On June 5, 2008 Robert Gates announced the results of an investigation into the misshipment of four MK-12 forward-section reentry vehicle assemblies to Taiwan. The investigation, conducted by Admiral Kirkland H. Donald, director of the US Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program, found that the Taiwan missile incident was, in Gates' words, "A degradation of the authority, standards of excellence and technical competence within the nation's ICBM force. Similar to the bomber-specific August 2007 Minot-Barksdale nuclear weapons transfer incident, this incident took place within the larger environment of declining Air Force nuclear mission focus and performance" and that "the investigation identified commonalities between the August 2007 Minot incident and this Taiwan event." In his investigation report, Donald stated that the issues identified by his investigation were, "Indicative of an overall decline in Air Force nuclear weapons stewardship, a problem that has been identified but not effectively addressed for over a decade. Both the Minot-Barksdale nuclear weapons transfer incident and the Taiwan misshipment, while different in specifics, have a common origin: the gradual erosion of nuclear standards and a lack of effective oversight by Air Force leadership"
As a result of the investigation, Gates announced that, "A substantial number of Air Force general officers and colonels have been identified as potentially subject to disciplinary measures, ranging from removal from command to letters of reprimand," and that he had accepted the resignations of USAF Secretary Michael Wynne and USAF Chief of Staff Michael Moseley. Gates added that he had asked James R. Schlesinger to lead a senior-level task force to recommend improvements in the stewardship and operation of nuclear weapons, delivery vehicles and sensitive components by the US DoD. Members of the task force came from the Defense Policy Board and the Defense Science Board.
In 2012, the USAF discovered that their billion dollar investment in the Expeditionary Combat Support System "has not yielded any significant military capability" and that it would take another billion dollar investment to gain even one quarter of the planned capability.
In 2012 the USAF received push back from the Congress over a plan to retire multiple reserve squadrons, leading to the formation of the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force to resolve the proper balance between active and reserve air forces. This was followed in 2013 by the Total Force Task Force in an attempt to handle budget disagreements between the active and reserve forces.

</doc>
<doc id="9895063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895063" title="Gatumdag">
Gatumdag

Gatumdag is a fertility goddess in Sumerian mythology. She is the daughter of the sky god An and is the tutelary mother goddess of Lagash. She is mentioned in the Gudea Cylinders as a source of protection.
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9895073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895073" title="Transcription factor II H">
Transcription factor II H

Transcription factor II Human (TFIIH) is one of several general transcription factors that make up the RNA polymerase II preinitiation complex. TFIIH consists of ten subunits, 7 of which (XPD, XPB, p62, p52, p44, p34 and TTDA) form the core complex. The cyclin activating kinase-subcomplex (CDK7, MAT1, and cyclin H) is linked to the core via the XPD protein Two of the subunits, ERCC2/XPD and ERCC3/XPB, have helicase and ATPase activities and help create the transcription bubble. In a test tube these subunits are only required for transcription if the DNA template is not already denatured or if it is supercoiled.
Two other TFIIH subunits, CDK7 and cyclin H, phosphorylate serine amino acids on the RNA polymerase II C-terminal domain and possibly other proteins involved in the cell cycle. Next to a vital function in transcription initiation, TFIIH is also involved in nucleotide excision repair.

</doc>
<doc id="9895080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895080" title="Local Notice to Mariners">
Local Notice to Mariners

A Local Notice to Mariners is an authoritative instruction issued by a designated official, typically the harbormaster.
United States.
In the United States, notices are issued by each U.S. Coast Guard District to disseminate important information affecting navigational safety within that District. This Notice reports changes and deficiencies in aids to navigation maintained by the Coast Guard. Other marine information such as new charts, channel depths, naval operations, and regattas is included. Since temporary information of short duration is not included in the weekly Notice to Mariners, the "Local Notice to Mariners" may be the only source of such information. Small craft using the Intracoastal Waterway and small harbors not normally used by oceangoing vessels need it to keep charts and publications up-to-date.
Since correcting information for U.S. charts in the "Notice to Mariners" is obtained from the Coast Guard Local Notices, it is normal to expect a lag of 1 or 2 weeks for the "Notice to Mariners" to publish a correction from this source.
The "Local Notice to Mariners" may be obtained free of charge by contacting the appropriate Coast Guard District Commander. Vessels operating in ports and waterways in several districts must obtain the "Local Notice to Mariners" from each district. 
Source.
The text of the US material originated from section 422 of The American Practical Navigator, a document produced by the government of the United States of America.
Examples.
LNTMs are, by definition, concerned with local issues. Each issuing authority has its own series of LNTMs – there is no international standard numbering or indexing scheme. Individual LNTMs may concern short or long term situations. At Portsmouth, mariners are instructed by LNTM 28/07 to "keep clear of warship berths". At Holyhead, LNTM 5/2008 concerns "Bunkering or transferring oil in port". At Chichester, No 16 of 2008 "Sea defence works at Hayling Island" gives timely information about dredging operations.

</doc>
<doc id="9895107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895107" title="Rosaura Zapata">
Rosaura Zapata

Rosaura Zapata (1876? – July 23, 1963) was a Mexican educator who helped to found the national system of education. She received Mexico's highest national honor when it was inaugurated in 1954, the Belisario Domínguez Medal of Honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9895108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895108" title="Program assurance">
Program assurance

Program assurance is a systematic approach to measure the likelihood of success of a program and proposing improvements that will ensure success.
It is used for:
Program assurance also:
For large programs assurance is generally independent. It may be undertaken by an external body or an internal department that reports independently from the program manager. In both cases it generally provides an independent view of the program status to the program board or executive. For smaller programs program assurance may be undertaken from within the program or report into a portfolio office. 
The key difference between program assurance and program quality management or audit, is that program assurance tends to look at the potential impact of the program's approach. 
Assurance may either focus on program delivery, program solutions or both may have equal weight. Within major IT programs external assurance often focuses on program delivery and would concentrate on program plans and capability. Where assurance also covers the solution this would include the business processes, systems, infrastructure, service and hosting. Solution may also cover the approach to design, delivery and implementation.
Program assurance tends to cover three separate styles of assurance: Continuous assurance throughout the life of the program; Point reviews or periodic reviews; focused reviews that concentrate on a particular aspect of a program. For very large programs all three would be undertaken with continuous assurance reporting to the program board on a regular basis, and point or focused reviews being undertaken at strategic points. 

</doc>
<doc id="9895126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895126" title="Carmen Twillie (actress)">
Carmen Twillie (actress)

Carmen B. Twillie (born 1950) is an African American studio singer and actress. She is a long-time friend of Tommy Morgan and has appeared as guest soloist with Morgan's choir. She is best known for singing the Elton John and Tim Rice song "Circle of Life" in the beginning of the 1994 Disney animated feature "The Lion King". She worked with Pink Floyd for their 1987 album, A Momentary Lapse of Reason, providing additional voices. She provided the singing voice of Stormella in "" in 1998 and she was a vocal singer in Cats Don't Dance.

</doc>
<doc id="9895148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895148" title="HMS K7">
HMS K7

HMS "K7" was a K class submarine built by HM Dockyard, Devonport. She was laid down on 8 November 1915 and commissioned in July 1917.
"K7" was involved in the accident with the 4th Light Cruiser Squadron. She was also involved in the Battle of May Island exercise. "K7" was damaged in the exercise by running over the sinking .
"K7" was sold on 9 September 1921 at Sunderland.

</doc>
<doc id="9895155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895155" title="Woollen Gymnasium">
Woollen Gymnasium

Woollen Gymnasium was the home of the University of North Carolina's physical education classes from 1937, and the North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team from early 1938. The Gymnasium was named after Charles T. Woollen, Class of 1905. The gymnasium replaced the nearby arena colloquially known as the Tin Can. The Woollen Gymnasium was the home court of Tar Heel basketball until 1965, when Carmichael Auditorium was completed as an annex to Woollen, sharing the Gymnasium's eastern wall. North Carolina won its first NCAA basketball title in 1957 while playing at Woollen. 
The Gymnasium is still in use today, hosting classes and intramural events, as well as providing room for the Roy Williams Basketball Camp in the summer. The old section numbers and ticket windows are still visible.

</doc>
<doc id="9895164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895164" title="1999 Polish Film Awards">
1999 Polish Film Awards

The 1999 Polish Film Awards was the 1st edition of Polish Film Awards: Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="9895168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895168" title="List of That '70s Show cast members">
List of That '70s Show cast members

List of actors who have appeared on "That '70s Show".
'
'
'
'

</doc>
<doc id="9895172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895172" title="Fantastic Man">
Fantastic Man

Fantastic Man is a television serialization of the film of the same name. The series originally starred by Vic Sotto stars Mark Herras as Fantastic Man with Ryza Cenon as her leading lady-turned sidekick Wena aka Fantastic Girl. The series refurbishes and reintroduces Fantastic Man as a crime-busting superhero. The series lasted for two seasons and had a special episode after the series ended March 15, 2008.
Character history.
Fantastic Man is a fictional superhero character popularized by Vic Sotto. The character debuted on the 2003 film with the same title produced by OctoArts Films and M-Zet Productions. It was actually part of the Metro Manila Film Festival – and was that year's top grosser.
The concept of Fantastic Man came about when the film producers failed to bought the rights of Lastikman from the Ravelos. Lastikman was actually their entry to the 2002 Metro Manila Film Festival and was that year's top grosser, thus they were forced to do a sequel due to its success. The reason why they failed to buy the rights is because the heirs of Lastikman creator Mars Ravelo demanded 1.8 million pesos (around US$32,727 at that time) for the sequel. In the film, which relaunched and brought the character back to limelight, the heirs only demanded 130,000 pesos (US$2,363), they even gave 500,000 pesos (US$9,090). The rights for the film went to Viva Films. Meanwhile, Michael V. and Chito Francisco came up with a new superhero story bringing birth to Fantastic Man.
The costume of Fantastic Man in the film was designed and made by the special effects team of T.A.P.E. Productions boss Tony Tuviera. While the costume of Diabolica (the main villain in the movie—Ara Mina's character who was named after her role/name in the film "Super Ranger Kids" in 1997) was the idea of actor Michael V.
Fantastic Man costume's color was purple/violet and gold/yellow, which represents the holiday season for the Philippines: violet for puto-bumbong (Filipino native food) and in Christmas wreath violet/purple candle means loyalty to God, while yellow for bibingka or rice cake (Filipino Christmas food). Another possible interpretation was that the color purple represents justice while gold/yellow stands for power according to 1872 Mardi Gras by the King of Carnival, Rex.
Powers.
The powers of Fantastic Man was more defined in the TV series than in the original movie version. As Fantastic Man, he can transform parts of his body (usually the arms) into various objects. They include an oversized drill, hammer, saw, scissors, spoon and fork, and even his feet can be some sort of a spring. At the course of the series prior to the second season, his powers seem to have evolved further where he can fly by turning his legs into rockets for propulsion and turn his appendages to more combative aspects, such as a gattling gun.
Weakness.
If Captain Barbell weakens by Askobar, Fantastic Man on the same way weakens when in a very low temperature of when exposed in a cold/low temperature object such as ice, etc. This was incorporated in the TV series.
Plot.
As a young boy, Fredo lived happily in the province with his parents Danny and Linda, together with his Lola Cedes, until his simple life was shattered when a group of armed bandits abducted his father and killed his mother. Fredo was raised alone by his Lola Cedes, who eventually turned senile and got lost when they moved to the city.
In search of his Lola Cedes in the cruel city, Fredo meets new friends but also has a close brush with death in the hands of a ruthless syndicate. Left almost lifeless from a deadly beating, Fredo is rescued by Prof. Manalo, a scientist who invented the healing machine called the Regenerator. Fredo becomes the first "guinea pig" of the breakthrough healing machine and surprisingly acquires super-human powers. This fateful experience transforms the once helpless Fredo into an invincible crime-buster with extraordinary abilities and power.

</doc>
<doc id="9895181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895181" title="23rd Street Ferry">
23rd Street Ferry

23rd Street Ferry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9895191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895191" title="Trafalgar Cemetery">
Trafalgar Cemetery

The Trafalgar Cemetery is a cemetery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Formerly known as the Southport Ditch Cemetery, it occupies a small area of land just to the south of the city walls, in what had been a defensive ditch during the period of Spanish rule of Gibraltar. Although it is named for the Battle of Trafalgar of 21 October 1805, only two victims of the battle are buried there. The remainder of the interments are mostly of those killed in other sea battles or casualties of the yellow fever epidemics that swept Gibraltar between 1804 and 1814. In addition, tombstones were transferred to the Trafalgar Cemetery from St. Jago's Cemetery and Alameda Gardens. 
The cemetery is no longer used for burials and was abandoned for many years, but was restored in the 1980s. In 1992, a memorial to the Battle of Trafalgar was erected in the cemetery. The graveyard is the site of an annual commemorative ceremony on Trafalgar Day, the Sunday nearest to the anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar. Trafalgar Cemetery is listed with the Gibraltar Heritage Trust.
Location.
The Trafalgar Cemetery is in Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula. It is a triangular parcel of land whose boundaries are formed by the Charles V Wall to the north, Prince Edward's Road to the east, and Trafalgar Road to the southwest. Prince Edward's Gate is at the northeast corner of the cemetery; the Southport Gates are at the northwest corner. 
The cemetery is just outside the old city walls, in a section of the Southport Ditch, part of the southern defences of the city. The Southport Ditch was a large trench which extended on the south side of Charles V Wall from the South Bastion to the Flat Bastion. It was depicted in a 1627 map of Gibraltar by Spanish engineer Luis Bravo de Acuña. On the map held by the British Museum, it is labeled in Spanish as "Fosso" ().
Early history.
The cemetery was formerly known as the Southport Ditch Cemetery. It was consecrated in June 1798, seven years prior to the Battle of Trafalgar, which took place on 21 October 1805. The cemetery was sometimes considered to be part of St. Jago's Cemetery, the larger burial ground just to the north, on the opposite side of Charles V Wall. St. Jago's, also known as Deadman's Cemetery, was the only cemetery within the walls of the city of Gibraltar. In addition, it may have represented Gibraltar's oldest known cemetery. It was incorporated into St. Jago's Barracks playground in 1929, and repurposed as a rifle range and "ball alley." There exists little evidence of the former cemetery.
Interments.
The Southport Ditch Cemetery was used for interments between 1798 and 1814, after which it fell into disuse. The only exception was the grave from 1838 at the northeast corner of the cemetery, near Prince Edward's Gate. The renaming of the graveyard to commemorate the Battle of Trafalgar apparently did not occur until many years after the victory. Only two of the interments are of those who died of wounds sustained during the battle. One of the victims was Captain Thomas Norman of the Royal Marine Corps and , who died in the Naval Hospital on 6 December 1805 at the age of 36. The other was Lieutenant William Forster of , who died of the wounds that he received in battle on 21 October 1805 at the age of 20. A plaque mounted by the Southport Gates reads: "Trafalgar Cemetery - Here Lie The Remains Of Some Who Died Of Wounds At Gibraltar After Nelson's Great Victory In October, 1805, Those Killed During The Battle Having Been Buried At Sea. Other Graves Date From 1798." 
Most of those who were killed during the battle were buried at sea. , Horatio Nelson's former flagship, was towed into Rosia Bay on 28 October 1805. Later, Nelson's remains were transported to England, where he was buried in a crypt in St Paul's Cathedral. Casualties of the battle were brought to Gibraltar; those who died later of their injuries were interred in St. Jago's Cemetery, north of Charles V Wall. Many of the graves in Trafalgar Cemetery represent the victims of three yellow fever epidemics. Those epidemics in Gibraltar had been most severe during the years 1804, 1813, and 1814. Also interred at Trafalgar Cemetery were the sailors who died in other battles of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, including the First Battle of Algeciras in 1801 and conflicts off Cádiz and Málaga in 1810 and 1812, respectively.
Transfer of headstones.
In 1932, more than a century after the Trafalgar Cemetery fell into disuse, gravestones from St. Jago's Cemetery were mounted on the east wall of Trafalgar Cemetery. The oldest tombstone on the wall dates to 1738. The transfer of headstones was undertaken on the order of General Sir Alexander Godley, the Governor of Gibraltar. In addition, over the years, several tombstones were transferred from the Alameda Gardens; some of the free-standing gravestones date back to the 1780s.
Recent history.
For years, an annual ceremony has been held on Trafalgar Day, the Sunday closest to the 21st of October. On that day, the ceremony in the cemetery commemorates those who died in the Battle of Trafalgar. A general restoration of the Trafalgar Cemetery was undertaken in the 1980s. In 1990, responsibility for the maintenance of the cemetery was transferred to the Gibraltar Heritage Trust, which completed repairs of the gates and walls. Gibraltar celebrated its tercentenary anniversary of British rule in 2004. That year, some veterans who had served there were invited to Gibraltar. The July 2004 schedule for the veterans included events at the Trafalgar Cemetery, Gibraltar Cross of Sacrifice, Gibraltar Museum, and St. Michael's Cave. 
In 1992, a monument was unveiled at the cemetery by the Governor of Gibraltar, Admiral Sir Derek Reffell. The memorial included an anchor donated by the Royal Navy, as well as an inscription. The quote was that of Admiral Cuthbert Collingwood, who reported both the victory at Trafalgar and the demise of Vice Admiral Horatio Nelson. Outside of the cemetery stands a life-size, bronze statue of Lord Nelson by British sculptor John Doubleday. It was erected in 2005 to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar. In addition, a small plaque was mounted at the former area of St. Jago's Cemetery to commemorate the site of interment of those sailors who later died of wounds inflicted during the battle. Trafalgar Cemetery is listed with the Gibraltar Heritage Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9895194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895194" title="East Anglian Brigade">
East Anglian Brigade

The East Anglian Brigade was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1948 to 1968. The Brigade administered the regular infantry regiments of eastern England.
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot G at Colchester was the headquarters for the county regiments of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Huntingdonshire, Norfolk, Northamptonshire and Suffolk. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the East Anglian Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The East Anglian Brigade was formed on 14 July 1948 at Gibraltar Barracks, Bury St Edmunds as an administrative apparatus for the infantry regiments from East Anglia:
Under the Defence Review announced in July 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised: In 1958, the Royal Lincolnshire Regiment was transferred from the Forester Brigade, and by 1960 the six individual regiments had amalgamated to form three "East Anglian Regiments":
At the same time East Anglian Brigade cap badges and buttons replaced those of the individual regiments. The cap badge was a silver eight-pointed star bearing the castle and key of Gibraltar, with a scroll inscribed "East Anglia". The key and castle was a badge awarded to predecessors of all three regiments for their part in the Great Siege of Gibraltar from 1779 - 1783. The brigade buttons were identical to those of the Royal Norfolk Regiment, bearing the figure of Brittania. 
The three regiments could be distinguished by their collar badges and coloured lanyards:
In 1963, The Royal Leicestershire Regiment was transferred from the Forester Brigade. The regiment wore collar badges comprising a royal tiger within an unbroken wreath of laurel and a pearl grey, black and scarlet lanyard.
In 1964, all four were amalgamated to form a new, large regiment called the Royal Anglian Regiment. The new regiment's cap badge was similar to that of the East Anglian Brigade except that the scroll was now inscribed "Royal Anglian" and the cap badge is now smaller..
On 1 July 1968 the East Anglian Brigade was united with the Fusilier Brigade and the Home Counties Brigades, to form the Queen's Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9895202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895202" title="DNS management software">
DNS management software

DNS management software is computer software that controls Domain Name System (DNS) server clusters. DNS data is typically deployed on multiple physical servers. The main purposes of DNS management software are:
Background.
In 1995, there were only 70,000 domains in existence. The way to register them was by email and the way to publish them was BIND. By mid-1997, the domain count was 1.3 million. As the number of domains and internet hosts skyrocketed, so too did the quantity of DNS data and the time required to manage it. Sysadmins responded by writing Perl or Shell scripts that helped automate DNS changes. These scripts were mostly in-house tools. The closest thing to widely available DNS management software was the BIND module in webmin, which provided web tools for editing BIND zone files.
During the late 90's, the sheer quantity of DNS data was overwhelming the tools available to manage it. The cost of managing the data instigated the birth of DNS management software. The costs can best be explained by illustration. In 1998, three of the largest web hosting companies (HostPro, Interland, and Vservers) each hosted about 100,000 DNS zones. DNS changes were made by telnetting to a BIND master and editing zone files with a text editor. A staff of several DNS admins performed this task all day, every day. Their changes would only take effect after a BIND reload. Because disks were slow, it took several hours for BIND to do a full reload. If a DNS admin made a typo in a zone file, BIND would fail to parse that file and die. Often after hours of processing. Whomever noticed BIND wasn't running would have to read the logs, find the zone file with the error, manually review the file, fix the error, and then try starting BIND back up. Once up, the changes could propagate to the DNS slaves via zone transfers. Changes often took more than 24 hours to fully propagate.
DNS and databases.
While struggling with the challenges of editing zone files, more than a few sysadmins noticed that SQL is a terrific place to store DNS data. By moving the Single Source of Truth from text files into SQL, DNS data could be validated and constrained before acceptance into the database. Export scripts could convert the SQL to zone files. Rsync could replace named-xfer for distribution, increasing security and reducing propagation time. Among large hosting providers, it became fashionable to store DNS data in SQL and build a custom interface for managing it. mysqlBind is one such DNS manager. It provides a web interface for data input and exports the data to BIND zone files. 
In 2000, Daniel J Bernstein released Djbdns. One of the novel features was that tinydns, the included authoritative DNS server, served DNS directly from a CDB database. The cdb had to be compiled from a plain text file whose format was designed to be edited by scripts. Tinydns quickly became the second most popular DNS server and a number of DNS managers were released for it, including: VegaDNS, SuaveDNS, and NicTool. 
In 2005, PowerDNS was released. One of its features was the ability to serve DNS data directly out of the SQL database, bypassing the export step entirely. PowerDNS also spawned a number of DNS managers that provide web interfaces to its SQL data store.
DDNS.
Using the RFC2136 DDNS update protocol, it is possible to change DNS zones without accessing the zone files. Management tools known to work that way are Admin4 and NicTool via its nsupdate export mechanism.
Service Providers.
DNS service providers often deploy different types of DNS servers in their networks. In addition, different answers may be provided to DNS clients based on the clients' geographic location, as determined by their IP address (GeoIP). The most practical way to manage such critical Internet infrastructure has been to rely on databases and complex DNS management software to ensure homogeneity and avoid single points of deployment errors.
Most large hosting and/or cloud computing providers provide some form of DNS management software to their customers. Amazon provides Route53. RackSpace, SoftLayer, and Layered Technologies all have custom developed interfaces.
BIND zone file format.
The BIND zone file format is a widely used industry standard documented in RFC 1035. Several other DNS servers, including PowerDNS, NSD, Knot DNS, and Microsoft DNS Server have the ability to read BIND zone files and serve from them.
DNS software homogeneity.
Primary reasons for DNS providers (especially root operators) to use different DNS servers is code diversity and application performance. Code diversity makes it less likely that a performance or security bug in one DNS server could be exploited to inflict a Denial of Service attack upon an organization. It is for this reason that NSD and Knot DNS are frequently used by root and TLD operators. DNS management software can greatly simplify publishing DNS data to varying DNS servers.

</doc>
<doc id="9895213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895213" title="V-Src">
V-Src

v-Src is a gene found in Rous sarcoma virus that encodes a tyrosine kinase that causes a type of cancer in chickens.
The src gene is oncogenic as it triggers uncontrolled growth in abnormal host cells. It was the first retroviral oncogene to be discovered. The src gene was taken up by RSV and incorporated into its genome conferring it with the advantage of being able to stimulate uncontrolled mitosis of host cells, providing abundant cells for fresh infection.
The src gene is not essential for RSV proliferation but it greatly increases virulence when present.
Discovery.
Francis Peyton Rous first proposed that viruses can cause cancer. He proved it in 1911 and was later awarded the Nobel prize in 1966. Chickens grow a tumor called a fibrosarcoma. Rous collected and ground up these sarcomas, and then centrifuged them to remove the solid material. Next, the remaining liquid mixture was injected into chicks. The chicks developed sarcomas. The causative agent in the liquid was a virus, this is now called the Rous sarcoma virus (RSV).
Function.
Further research done later on by others showed that RSV was a type of retrovirus. It was found that the "v-Src" gene in RSV is required for the formation of cancer.
A function for Src tyrosine kinases in normal cell growth was first demonstrated with the binding of family member p56lck to the cytoplasmic tail of the CD4 and CD8 co-receptors on T-cells. Src tyrosine kinases also transmit integrin-dependent signals central to cell movement and proliferation. Hallmarks of v-Src induced transformation are rounding of the cell and the formation of actin rich podosomes on the basal surface of the cell. These structures are correlated with increased invasiveness, a process thought to be essential for metastasis.
v-Src lacks the C-terminal inhibitory phosphorylation site (tyrosine-527), and is therefore constitutively active as opposed to normal Src (c-Src) which is only activated under certain circumstances where it is required (e.g. growth factor signaling). v-Src is therefore an instructive example of an oncogene whereas c-Src is a proto-oncogene.
The first sequence of v-Src was published in 1980 and the characterization of sites for tyrosine phosphorylation in the transforming protein of Rous sarcoma virus and its normal cellular homologue was published in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9895242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895242" title="Black Rock, Millard County, Utah">
Black Rock, Millard County, Utah

Black Rock was a small, unincorporated village located in southern Millard County, Utah, about 20 miles north of Milford. The town was a station stop on the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad (later Union Pacific Railroad), and was a community center for a small number of early twentieth century homesteaders and ranchers. A post office operated at Black Rock from 1891 to 1959. The site is now a ghost town.

</doc>
<doc id="9895250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895250" title="HMS K16">
HMS K16

HMS "K16" was a K class submarine built by William Beardmore and Company, Dalmuir. She was laid down in June 1916 and commissioned on 13 April 1918.
The only incident that occurred with "K16" was a sudden dive in Gare Loch after her hydroplanes failed. She surfaced successfully.
"K16" paid off on 12 December 1920. She was sold on 22 August 1924. She was resold in September 1924 in Charlestown.

</doc>
<doc id="9895251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895251" title="Maryland Route 130">
Maryland Route 130

Maryland Route 130 (MD 130) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Greenspring Valley Road, the state highway runs from MD 140 in Garrison east to MD 25 in Brooklandville. MD 130 passes through the Green Spring Valley, an affluent area around the upper reaches of Jones Falls that contains Stevenson University. The state highway was paved by 1910 except for a gap near Stevenson that was closed in the mid-1930s.
Route description.
MD 130 begins at an intersection with MD 140 (Reisterstown Road) in Garrison. The state highway heads east as a two-lane road and passes along the edge of the Green Spring Valley Hunt Club and the Green Spring Valley Golf Course, at the edge of which the highway passes through a right-angle curve. MD 130 enters a more rural area and intersects MD 129 (Part Heights Avenue). The state highway passes through the Green Spring Valley Historic District around its intersection with Stevenson Road, which leads south through the hamlet of Stevenson. MD 130 passes through another sharp curve, crosses the North Branch of Jones Falls, passes the main campus of Stevenson University (formerly Villa Julie College), and passes through a pair of right-angle curves just east of the Gramercy Mansion and west of its junction with Greenspring Avenue. The state highway crosses Dipping Pond Run and passes to the south of St. Paul's School before reaching its eastern terminus with MD 25 (Falls Road) in Brooklandville.
History.
All of Greenspring Road was paved by 1910 except for a gap at Stevenson Road. That gap in MD 130 was filled in 1934. There has been very little change to MD 130 since then.

</doc>
<doc id="9895252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895252" title="List of National Basketball Association top individual rebounding season averages">
List of National Basketball Association top individual rebounding season averages

This list exhibits the National Basketball Association's top single-season rebounding averages based on at least 70 games played "or" 800 rebounds. The NBA did not record rebounds until the 1950-51 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9895259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895259" title="Geshtu-E">
Geshtu-E

Geshtu-(E) (also Geshtu, Gestu) is, in Sumerian and Akkadian mythology, a minor god of intelligence. Legend says that he was sacrificed by the great gods and his blood was used in the creation of mankind.

</doc>
<doc id="9895285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895285" title="BWHS">
BWHS

BWHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9895299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895299" title="Nikita Khrushchev (journalist)">
Nikita Khrushchev (journalist)

Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (October 3, 1959 – February 23, 2007) was a Russian journalist whose grandfather and namesake, Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev, held the top leadership post of First Secretary of the Soviet Union's Communist Party from 1953 to 1964.
Five years after his birth in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev, young Nikita's privileged position was drastically diminished as his grandfather was removed from power on October 14, 1964 and died in retirement seven years later. During the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s, Nikita Khrushchev embarked upon a career as a journalist.
He succumbed to a stroke, aged 47. He was unmarried and had no children. He had complained back in 1999 that his career was badly damaged by his father's naturalization as a citizen of the United States. "My experience during the last few days has shown that there are people in Russia for whom the Cold War is still going on", he said at the time. (FindArticles)

</doc>
<doc id="9895310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895310" title="Legal anthropology">
Legal anthropology

Legal anthropology, also known as anthropology of laws, is a sub-discipline of anthropology which specializes in "the cross-cultural study of social ordering". This broad definition of the field captures the wide array of research done by legal anthropologists today. Earlier legal anthropological research often focused more narrowly on conflict management, crime, sanctions, or formal regulation. Bronisław Malinowski's 1926 work, "Crime and Custom in Savage Society", explored law, order, crime, and punishment among the Trobriand Islanders. 
This broad definition of the field captures the wide array of research done by legal anthropologists today. The field of Legal Anthropology is a science and thus all theories must be based upon the basis of empirical facts gathered from a society (Pospisil). The questions that Legal Anthropologists seek to answer concern how is law present in cultures? How does it manifest? How may anthropologists contribute to understandings of law?
The English Lawyer Sir Henry Maine is often credited with founding the study of Legal Anthropology through his book Ancient Law (1861), and although his evolutionary stance has been widely discredited within the discipline, his questions raised have shaped the subsequent discourse of the study. This ethno-centric evolutionary perspective was pre-eminent in early Anthropological discourse on law, evident through terms applied such as ‘pre-law’ or ‘proto-law’ and applied by so-called armchair anthropologists. However, a turning point was presented in the 1926 publication of Crime and Custom in Savage Society by Bronislaw Malinowski based upon his time with the Trobriand Islanders. Through emphasizing the order present in acephelous societies, Malinowski proposed the cross-cultural examining of law through its established functions as opposed to a discrete entity. This has led to multiple researchers and ethnographies examining such aspects as order, dispute, conflict management, crime, sanctions, or formal regulation, in addition (and often antagonistically) to law-centred studies, with small-societal studies leading to insightful self-reflections and better understanding of the founding concept of law.
Legal Anthropology remains a lively discipline with modern and recent applications including issues such as Human Rights, Legal pluralism, Islamaphobia and Political Uprisings.
What is law.
In order to address the topic of Legal Anthropology, we must first address the topic of a definition of law. As defined by the Oxford Dictionary may be found here:
http://oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/law?q=law
However, in reference to Legal Anthropology, we may apply Hoebel’s (1954), pp. 28 definition:
"“A social norm is legal if its neglect or infraction is regularly met, in threat or in fact, by the application of physical force by an individual or group possessing the socially recognized privilege of so acting”"
According to this definition many societies may be deemed as law-less; exemplified by Evans-Pritchard (1940) when stating: 
"“In the strict sense of the word the Nuer don’t have law”"
This is in contrast to Maine’s argument of that human societies passing through three basic stages of development, from a group presided over by a senior agnate, through stages of territorial development and culminating in an elite forming normative laws of society.
"“what the juristical oligarchy now claims is to monopolize the knowledge of the laws, to have the exclusive possession of the principles by which quarrels are decided”"
This evolutionary approach, as has been stated, was subsequently replaced within the anthropological discourse by the need to examine the manifestations of law’s societal function. As according to Hoebel, law has four functions: 
1) to identify socially acceptable lines of behaviour for inclusion in the culture. 
2) To allocate authority and who may legitimately apply force.
3) To settle trouble cases.
4) To redefine relationships as the concepts of life change. 
Legal theorist H. L. A. Hart, however, stated that law is a body of rules, and is a union of two sets of rules: 
Within modern English Theory, law is a discrete and specialized topic. Predominantly positivist is character, it is closely linked to notions of a rule-making body, the judiciary and enforcement agencies. The centralized state organisation and isolates are essentials to the attributes of rules, courts and sanctions. To learn more on this view, see Hobbes. 1651 Leviathan, part 2, chapter 26 or Salmond, J. 1902 Jurisprudence.
However, this view of law is not applicable everywhere. There are many acephelous societies around the world where the above control mechanisms are absent. There are no conceptualized and isolated set of normative rules – these are instead embodied in everyday life. Even when there may be a discrete set of legal norms, these are not treated similarly to the English Legal System’s unequivocal power and unchallenged pre-eminence. Shamans, fighting and supernatural means are all mechanisms of superimposing rules within other societies. For example, within Rasmussen’s work of Across Arctic America (1927) he recounts Eskimo nith-songs being used as a public reprimand by expressing the wrong-doing of someone guilty. 
Thus, instead of focusing upon the explicit manifestations of law, legal anthropologists have taken to examining the functions of law and how it is expressed. A view expressed Leopold Pospisil’s The Anthropology of Laws: A Comparative Theory (1974: pp. 196) and encapsulated by Bronislaw Malinowski: 
"“In such primitive communities I personally believe that law ought to be defined by function and not by form, that is we ought to see what are the arrangements, the sociological realities, the cultural mechanisms which act for the enforcement of law”" 
Thus, law has been studied in ways that may be categorized by as:
1) prescriptive rules
2) observable regularities
3) Instances of dispute. 
These variances have resulted in a range of literature stretching from Schapera, I. 1938. A Handbook of Tswana Law and Custom to Evans-Pritchard, 1940, The Nuer.
Processual paradigm: order and conflict.
Order and regulatory behaviour are required if social life is to be maintained. The scale and shade of this behaviour depends on the values and beliefs held by a society deriving from implicit understandings of the norm developed through socialization. There are socially constructed norms with varying degrees of explicitness and levels of order. Conflict may not be interpreted as an extreme pathological event but as a regulatory acting force. 
This processual understanding of conflict and dispute became apparent and subsequently heavily theorized upon by the anthropological discipline within the latter half of the nineteenth century as a gateway to the law and order of a society. Disputes have become to be recognised as necessary and constructive over pathological whilst the stated ules of law only explain some aspects of control and compliance. The context and interactions of a dispute are more informative about a culture than the rules. 
Classic studies deriving theories of order from disputes include Evans-Pritchard work Witchcraft, Oracles and Magic among the Azande which focused upon functional disputes surrounding sorcery and witchcraft practices. Or Comaroff and Roberts (1981) work among the Tswana which examine the hierarchy of disputes, the patterns of contact and the effect norms affect the course of dispute as norms important to dispute are rarely 
"“especially organised for jural purpose”"
Other examples include: 
Leach, 1954. Political Systmes of Highland Burma.
Barth, 1959. Political Leadership among Swat Pathans.
Case study approach.
Within the history of Legal Anthropology there have been various methods of data gathering adopted; ranging from literature review of traveller/missionary accounts, consulting informants and lengthy Participant Observation. 
Furthermore, when evaluating any research it is appropriate to have a robust methodology capable of scientifically analysing the topic at hand. 
The broad method of study by legal anthropologists prevails upon the Case Study Approach first developed by Llewellyn and Hoebel in The Cheyenne Way (1941) not as "“a philosophy but a technology”" 
This methodology is applied to situations of cross-cultural conflict and the correlating resolution, which can have sets of legal notions and jural regularities extracted from them 
This method may be safe-guarded against accusations of imposing western ideological structures as it is often an emic sentiment: for example, 
"“The Tiv drove me to the case method…what they were interested in. They put a lot of time and effort into cases”"
Issues of terminology and ethnology.
Regarding law, in Anthropology’s characteristically self-conscious manner, the comparative analysis inherent to Legal Anthropology has been speculated upon and most famously debated by Paul Bohannan and Max Gluckman. The discourse highlights one of the primary differences between British and American Anthropology regarding fieldwork approaches and concerns the imposition of Western terminology as ethnological categories of differing societies.
Each author’s uses the Case Study Approach, however, the data’s presentation in terms of achieving comparativeness is a point of contention between them. 
Paul Bohannan promotes the use of native terminology presented with ethnographic meaning as opposed to any Universal categories, which act as barriers to understanding the true nature of a culture’s legal system.
Advocating that it is better to appreciate native terms in their own medium, Bohannan critiques Gluckman’s work for its inherent bias. 
Gluckman has argued that Bohannan’s excessive use of native terminology creates barriers when attempting to achieve comparative analysis. He in turn has suggested that in order to further the cross-cultural comparative study of law, we should use English terms and concepts of law which will aid in the refinement of dispute facts and interrelations Thus, all native terms should be described and translated into an Anglo-American conceptual equivalent for the purpose of comparison.
Processes.
As disputes and order began to be recognised as categories worthy or study, interest in the inherent aspects of conflicts emerged within legal anthropology. The processes and actors involved within the events became an object of study for ethnographers as they embraced conflict as a data-rich source. 
One example of such an interest is expressed by Philip Gulliver, 1963, Social Control in an African Society in which the intimate relations between disputes are postulated as being important. He examines the patterns of alliance between actors of a dispute and the strategies that develop as a result, the roles of mediators and the typologies for intervention.
Key questions in legal anthropology.
Issues of Legal Pluralism. See "Lyon, 2002 Local arbitration and conflict deferment in Punjab, Pakistan" or "Engel, D. 1980. Legal pluralism in an American community: perspectives on a civil trial court." 
The legitimacy of Universal Human Rights. Political anthropologists have had much to say about the UDHR(Universal Declaration of Human Rights). Original critiques, most notably by the AAA(American Anthropological Association), argued that cultural ideas of rights and entitlement differ between societies. They warned that any attempt to endorse one set of values above all others amounted to a new western imperialism, and would be counter to ideas of cultural relativism. Most anthropologists now agree that universal human rights have a useful place in today's world. Zechenter (1997) argues there are practices, such as Indian 'sati' (the burning of a widow on her husbands funeral pyre) that can be said to be wrong, despite justifications of tradition. This is because such practices are about much more than a culturally established world view, and frequently develop or revive as a result of socio-economic conditions and the balance of power within a community. As culture is not bounded and unchanging, there are multiple discourses and moral viewpoints within any community and among the various actors in such events (Merry 2003). Cultural relativists risk supporting the most powerfully asserted position at the expense of those who are subjugated under it.
More recent contributions to the question of universal human rights include analysis of their use in practice, and how global discourses are translated into local contexts (Merry 2003). Anthropologists such as Merry (2006) note how the legal framework of the UNDHR is not static but is actively used by communities around the globe to construct meaning. As much as the document is a product of western Enlightenment thinking, communities have the capacity to shape its meaning to suit their own agendas, incorporating its principles in ways that empower them to tackle their own local and national discontents.
Female genital cutting (FGC), also known as female circumcision or female genital mutilation remains a hotly debated, controversial issue contested particularly among legal anthropologists and human rights activists. Through her ethnography (1989) on the practice of pharonic circumcision among the Hofriyat of Sudan (1989) Boddy maintains that understanding local cultural norms is of crucial importance when considering intervention to prevent the practice. Human rights activists attempting to eradicate FGC using the legal framework of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UNDHR) as their justification, run the risk of imposing a set of ideological principles, alien to the culture attempting to be helped, potentially facing hostile reactions. Moreover, the UNDHR as a legal document, is contested by some as being restrictive in its prescription of what is and is not deemed a violation of a human right (Ross 2003) and overlooks local customary justifications which operate outside of an international legalistic framework (Ross 2003). Increasingly (FGC) is becoming a global issue due to increased mobility. What was once deemed a largely African practice has seen a steady increase in European countries such as Britain. Although made illegal in 1985 there have as yet been no convictions and girls as old as nine continue to have the procedure. Legislation has now also been passed in Sweden, the United States and France where there have been convictions. Black, J. A. and Debelle, G. D. (1995) "Female Genital Mutilation in Britain" "British Medical Journal".
Further information.
There are a number of useful introductions to the field of legal anthropology, Sally Falk Moore, a leading legal anthropologist, held both a law degree and a PhD in anthropology. An increasing number of legal anthropologists hold both JDs and advanced degrees in anthropology, and some teach in law schools while maintaining scholarly connections within the field of legal anthropology; examples include Rebecca French, John Conley, Elizabeth Mertz, and Annelise Riles. Such combined expertise has also been turned to more applied anthropological pursuits such as tribal advocacy and forensic ethnography by practitioners such as Allen C. Turner, PhD, JD, who works as a chief tribal attorney, tribal anthropologist, and anthropological consultant. Justin Richland, a legal anthropologist who holds both a J.D. and a Ph.D., has served as Justice Pro Tempore of the Hopi Appellate Court in addition to performing highly regarded academic research in legal anthropology. There is a growing interest in the intersection of legal and linguistic anthropology.
If looking for Anthropology departments with faculty specializing in legal anthropology in North America, try the following schools and professors:
University of California, Berkeley (Laura Nader), University of California, Irvine (Susan Bibler Coutin, Bill Maurer), University of Chicago (Justin B. Richland), Duke University (William M. O'Barr), Princeton University (Lawrence Rosen, Carol J. Greenhouse), State University of New York at Buffalo (Rebecca French), New York University (Sally Engle Merry), Harvard University (Jean Comaroff and John Comaroff) and Cornell University (Annelise Riles), and George Mason University (Susan Hirsch). 
In Europe, the following scholars and schools will be good resources:
Jane Cowan (University of Sussex), Ann Griffiths and Toby Kelly (University of Edinburg), Harri Englund and Yael Navaro-Yashin (University of Oxford), Bruno Latour (Sciences Po Paris), Richard Rottenburg (Martin-Luther Universität)
The Association for Political and Legal Anthropology, a section of the American Anthropological Association, is the primary professional association in the U.S. for legal anthropologists. It publishes "PoLAR: Political and Legal Anthropology Review", the leading U.S. journal in the field of legal anthropology, which is accessible via http://www.polaronline.org or http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1555-2934
'Allegra: a Virtual Laboratory of Legal Anthropology' is an online experiment by a new generation of legal anthropologists designated to facilitate scholarly collaboration and awareness of the sub-discipline.

</doc>
<doc id="9895333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895333" title="C20H14O4">
C20H14O4

The molecular formula C20H14O4 (molar mass: 318.32 g/mol) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9895347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895347" title="The Collegiate Licensing Company">
The Collegiate Licensing Company

The Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) is an American collegiate trademark licensing and marketing company. Founded in 1981 by Bill Battle in Selma, Alabama, CLC is the largest and oldest collegiate licensing company in the United States and currently provides its services to more than 200 colleges and universities, athletic conferences, bowl games, the Heisman Trophy, and the NCAA. Headquartered in Atlanta, the company also operates satellite offices in Arizona, Kansas, and Montana. On May 1, 2007, CLC was acquired by IMG.
CLC products contain a hologram tag asserting authenticity.

</doc>
<doc id="9895352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895352" title="Josef Wiesehöfer">
Josef Wiesehöfer

Josef Wiesehöfer (born April 5, 1951 in Wickede, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German classical scholar and current professor of Ancient history at the Department of Classics (Institut für Klassische Altertumskunde) of the University of Kiel. He is an internationally renowned expert on the history of pre-Islamic Persia and the forms of contact between the Greek and Roman World and the Ancient Near East. His most famous publication is "Ancient Persia, 550 BC to 650 AD" (London - New York 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="9895361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895361" title="Hotel (board game)">
Hotel (board game)

Hotel (known as Hotels in North America) is a dimensional real estate game created by Milton Bradley in 1986. It is similar to "Square Mile" and "Prize Property". In "Hotel" the players are building resort hotels and attempting to drive their competitors into bankruptcy.
Players take turns moving around the board. Each square on the board is adjacent to one or two hotel properties. Most of the squares are either purchase squares or building squares.
Whenever a player lands on a purchase square which is adjacent to an unowned property they may buy that property by paying the purchase price. Once they own a property they may attempt to build on it whenever they land on a building square. A special die is rolled to determine if permission to build is granted or denied. If it is denied the player must wait for a later turn.
When permission is granted to build the player may add new buildings or facilities to their property. Each hotel has from one to five buildings and a set of recreational facilities. The main building must be built first, followed by the other buildings then the facilities. The cost of each addition is listed on the deed card for the property.
Once a player has at least one building on a property they may add entrances to their hotels. One entrance can be placed on each square of the board. If a player lands on an entrance for a hotel belonging to another player they must pay the owner to stay at that hotel. The cost of staying depends on the number of buildings and facilities in that hotel.
If the player cannot afford to stay at the hotel they must put their own properties up for auction to raise money. A player who loses all of their money and properties is out of the game. The last player remaining is the winner.
"Hotel" shares many gameplay concepts with "Monopoly", including the buying of property with a deed, improvement of the property and collecting a fee for landing on that property. Players also collect $2000/£2000 each time they round the board, akin to "Monopoly"'s $200 for passing Go.

</doc>
<doc id="9895392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895392" title="Julotta">
Julotta

The Julotta is a Swedish service that celebrates the time of birth of Jesus Christ. Jul means Christmas, otta is the time which is slightly before dawn. The service is held every December 25 early on Christmas morning; at 7 AM in most churches, but in some churches it is celebrated at 10 AM, or as early as 4 AM. During previous decades, most Julottas were held at 4 AM. Traditionally, the service should end before, or at the time of, dawn: hence the word otta is the time just before dawn. Historically clergy was obliged not only to say the high mass but also mattins ("ottesång") and evensong ("aftonsång"); today only the ottesång of Christmas remain but has been liturgically changed since and can now be the main service of Christmas Day, wherefore many parishes have no mid-morning high mass on Christmas Day.
It was the most popular service in the earlier days but now the Midnight Mass on December 24 has become more popular. People who hardly visited the church regularly in the rest of the year often visited the Julotta but they tend to go to the Midnight Mass or the service of Advent Sunday.
Historical Significance.
Swedish immigrants spread the festivity to different countries. The earliest recorded history of Julotta service in the United States of America was held in Strombeck Church in Minnesota in 1883. After Julotta, Swedish people race to get home first from the church. The winner is believed to harvest the most bountiful crops for the year ahead.Bump

</doc>
<doc id="9895404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895404" title="Jalan Sungai Tua">
Jalan Sungai Tua

Jalan Sungai Tua (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Klang Valley region, Selangor, Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="9895410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895410" title="Mann Egerton">
Mann Egerton

Mann, Egerton & Company Ltd. was an automotive and aerospace company headquartered in Norwich, United Kingdom. During its history the company was variously active in automotive retailing, aircraft manufacturing, automotive coachbuilding and electrical services.
It was formally founded in 1905 by Gerald Mann, an electrical engineer, and Hubert Egerton, although the two had been working in partnership for a number of preceding years (the "Tern" logo used in the 1960s was often accompanied by the statement "ESTD. 1898"). 
Besides car dealing the company continued electrical installation work.
History.
In 1909 the company supplied its first custom built car body for a Rolls-Royce. By 1913 it had branches across East Anglia, and in London. In 1915 the company was requested to build aeroplanes for the war effort. Some were built under licence, including 22 Short Admiralty Type 184s and 20 Short Bombers; later the company produced ten examples of its own Type B, a further development of the Short Type 184.
In the Second World War, they built vehicle bodies for the Government especially the Austin K2/Y ambulance.
The headquarters were in Prince of Wales Road, Norwich where they had a British Leyland dealership. The garage in Surrey Street Norwich had a Ford dealership and commercial vehicles and the woodworking business were run from premises on Cromer Road, Norwich. Over the years garages in several other towns were opened or acquired including central London where they sold Rolls Royce and Bentley cars, Finchley, Lowestoft, Uttoxeter, Nottingham (formerley Atkeys), Derby and Worcester.
In 1964, the electrical department was sold to the Westinghouse Brake and Signal Company. Mann Egerton was acquired by Inchcape plc in 1973 though its woodworking business continued until bought out by the management in 1986. The woodworking business made school furniture. The coachbuilding business made refrigerated vehicles for companies including Findus and BirdsEye among other vheicles and was sold to Bonallock Coachbuilders.

</doc>
<doc id="9895412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895412" title="Long-range identification and tracking (ships)">
Long-range identification and tracking (ships)

The long-range identification and tracking (LRIT) of ships was established as an international system on 19 May 2006 by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) as resolution MSC.202(81). This resolution amends chapter V of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS), regulation 19-1 and binds all governments which have contracted to the IMO.
The LRIT regulation will apply to the following ship types engaged on international voyages:
These ships must report their position to their flag administration at least four times a day. Most vessels set their existing satellite communications systems to automatically make these reports. Other contracting governments may request information about vessels in which they have a legitimate interest under the regulation.
The LRIT system consists of the already installed (generally) shipborne satellite communications equipment, communications service providers (CSPs), application service providers (ASPs), LRIT data centres, the LRIT data distribution plan and the International LRIT data exchange. Certain aspects of the performance of the LRIT system are reviewed or audited by the LRIT coordinator acting on behalf of the IMO and its contracting governments.
Some confuse the functions of LRIT with that of AIS (Automatic Identification System), a collision avoidance system also mandated by the IMO, which operates in the VHF radio band, with a range only slightly greater than line-of-sight. (See AIS) While AIS was originally designed for short-range operation as a collision avoidance and navigational aid, it has now been shown to be possible to receive AIS signals by satellite in many, but not all, parts of the world. This is becoming known as S-AIS and is completely different from LRIT. The only similarity is that AIS is also collected from space for determining location of vessels, but requires no action from the vessels themselves except they must have their AIS system turned on. LRIT requires the active, willing participation of the vessel involved, which is, in and of itself, a very useful indication as to whether the vessel in question is a lawful actor. Thus the information collected from the two systems, S-AIS and LRIT, are mutually complementary, and S-AIS clearly does not make LRIT superfluous in any manner. Indeed, because of co-channel interference near densely populated or congested sea areas satellites are having a difficult time in detecting AIS from space in those areas. Fixes are under development by several organizations, but how effective they will be remains to be seen.
Panama implementation.
The Panama Flag Registry appointed Absolute Maritime Tracking Services, Inc. (AMTS) as the sole LRIT Application Service Provider (ASP) and National Data Center (NDC) provider for all Panama flagged vessels.
Singapore implementation.
Singapore established its LRIT National Data Centre with Pole Star Space Applications as its LRIT Recognised ASP.
European implementation.
Following the EU Council Resolution of 2 October 2007, EU Member States (MS) decided to establish an EU LRIT Data Centre (EU LRIT DC). According to the Council Resolution, the Commission is in charge of managing the EU LRIT DC, in cooperation with Member States, through the European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA). The Agency, in particular, is in charge of the technical development, operation and maintenance of the EU LRIT DC. It also “stresses that the objective of the EU LRIT DC should include maritime security, Search and Rescue (SAR), maritime safety and protection of the marine environment, taking into consideration respective developments within the IMO context.”
North American implementation.
Canada.
In January 2009 Canada become one of the first SOLAS contracting governments to implement a national data centre and comply with the LRIT regulation.
United States.
In January 2009, the United States became one of the first SOLAS contracting governments to implement a National Data Centre and comply with the LRIT regulation. Currently the US Authorized Application Service Provider (ASP) is CLS America.
Long Range Identification and Tracking (LRIT) was proposed by the United States Coast Guard(USCG) at the International Maritime Organization (IMO) in London during the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks to track the approximately 50,000 large ships around the world.
In the United States integration of LRIT information with that from sensors and enables the Coast Guard to correlate Long Range Identification and Tracking (LRIT) data with data from other sources, detect anomalies, and heighten overall Maritime Domain Awareness (MDA). The United States implementation of this regulation is consistent with the Coast Guard's strategic goals of maritime security and maritime safety, and the Department's strategic goals of awareness, prevention, protection, and response.
Every sovereign nation already has the right to request such information (and does so) for ships destined for their ports. The LRIT regulation and computer system will allow the USCG to receive information about all vessels within of US territory providing the vessel's flag administration has not excluded the US from receiving such information.
For a more detailed description of the United States implementation of the LRIT system, please
refer to the NPRM published October 3, 2007, in the US Government Federal Register
(72 FR 56600).
Marshall Islands.
Marshall Islands, one of the largest ship registries in the world, established one of the first prototype Data Centres, using Pole Star Space Applications.
African States.
Several African states have formed a LRIT Cooperative Data Centre. South Africa National Data Centre provides services to a number of African states, including Ghana and the Gambia.
Liberia.
Liberia, the second largest ship registry in the world has established a LRIT Data Centre in 2008. The Recognised LRIT provider is Pole Star Space Applications.
South American implementation.
Brazil.
In January 2009 Brazil implemented a National Data Centre and was one of the first SOLAS contracting governments to become compliant with the LRIT regulation.
And in August 11th 2010 implemented the Regional LRIT Data Centre Brazil, providing services for Brazil and Uruguay.
Venezuela.
The Venezuelan flag registry appointed Fulcrum Maritime Systems as the sole LRIT application service provider (ASP) and national data center (NDC) provider for all Venezuelan flagged vessels.
Chile.
The Chilean flag registry appointed collecte localisation satellites (CLS) as the sole LRIT application service provider (ASP). This Data Center provides services for all Chilean and Mexican flagged vessels.
Ecuador.
The Republic of Ecuador entered in LRIT production environment at April 15 of 2010. Ecuador owns a National LRIT Data Center (NDC) and recognize their Maritime Authority as Application Service Provider (ASP).
Honduras.
Honduras Flag appointed Fulcrum Maritime Systems as Testing ASP.
Pacific Ocean implementation.
Vanuatu.
The Vanuatu flag registry appointed collecte localisation satellites (CLS) as the sole LRIT application service provider (ASP) and national data center (RDC) provider for all Vanuatu flagged vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="9895416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895416" title="The Student of Prague (1913 film)">
The Student of Prague (1913 film)

The Student of Prague (, also known as "A Bargain with Satan") is a 1913 German silent horror film. The film was remade in 1926, under the same title "The Student of Prague". Other remakes were produced in 1935 and 2004. It is generally deemed to be the first independent film in history.
Plot.
A poor student rescues a beautiful countess and soon becomes obsessed with her. A sorcerer makes a deal with the young man to give him fabulous wealth and anything he wants, if he will sign his name to a contract (i.e. make a Deal with the Devil). The student hurriedly signs the contract, but doesn't know what he's in for.
A long plot summary is given by psychologist Otto Rank in "The Double" (1971; originally "Der Doppelgänger" in "Imago" III.2, 1914, 97-164).
The film is referenced in the detective story "The Image in the Mirror" by Dorothy Sayers, in which Lord Peter Wimsey helps clear Mr. Duckworthy, a man wrongly suspected of murder. Among other things Duckworthy tells: 
"When I was seven or eight, my mother took me with her to see a film called "The Student of Prague".(...) It was a costume piece about a young man at the university who sold himself to the devil, and one day his reflection came stalking out of the mirror on its own, and went about committing dreadful crimes, so that everybody thought it was him." 
(In the story, Mr. Duckworthy had what seemed a similar experience - but Wimsey eventually proves that it had a rational explanation involving no supernatural agency).

</doc>
<doc id="9895445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895445" title="1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill">
1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill

Women's Downhill World Cup 1981/1982
Final point standings.
In Women's Downhill World Cup 1981/82 the best 5 results count. Ten racers had a point deduction, which are given in ().

</doc>
<doc id="9895458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895458" title="Châteauguay (provincial electoral district)">
Châteauguay (provincial electoral district)

Châteauguay is a provincial electoral district in the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada, that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It includes the city of Châteauguay.
It was originally created in 1867 (and an electoral district of that name existed earlier in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada). Its final election was in 1936. It disappeared in the 1939 and its successor electoral district was Châteauguay-Laprairie.
However, Châteauguay-Laprairie only existed for one election. Châteauguay was re-created for the 1944 election.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it lost Sainte-Catherine to the newly created Sanguinet electoral district.
Geography.
It consists of the municipalities of:
In addition, it also consists of the First Nation reserve of:
Linguistic demographics.
[http://www.electionsquebec.qc.ca/documents/pdf/dossier-socio-economique/2006-nc/173.pdf]
Electoral results.
^ Change based on redistributed results. Coalition Avenir change is from Action démocratique

</doc>
<doc id="9895465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895465" title="Adam Lovell">
Adam Lovell

Adam Lovell (born September 25, 1977) is the founder and owner of WriteAPrisoner.com. He has been featured on 20/20, FoxNews, E! True Hollywood Story, CNN, and many other media outlets. Lovell is an advocate for prisoners' rights and families of prisoners. The entrepreneur emphasizes reducing recidivism through letter writing and regularly works with the different Department of Corrections toward this goal. He has expanded the site beyond letter-writing to include self-help guides for inmates to improve their lives and wrote a guest article for QuintCareers.com offering suggestions for ex-offenders looking for work.
Lovell was born in Pennsylvania in 1977. He has resided in Florida since 1986. Lovell is a former ocean lifeguard and emergency medical technician. His work with inmates inspired GoDaddy owner Bob Parsons to interview Lovell for GoDaddy Radio's first anniversary show, citing the widespread influence WriteAPrisoner.com has had with inmates and their families. His work has been reported in a wide range of media sources. Because of its unique access to inmates, his website is often utilized by media when discussing a broad spectrum of justice system stories. For example, Business Insider launched its legal section using stories garnered through WriteAPrisoner.com.
Lovell maintains a blog on WriteAPrisoner.com to personally address specific topics. His launching of WriteAPrisoner.com was described in the "Mensa International" Research Journal as an example of giftedness in the workplace for his unique approach to reducing recidivism in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9895473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895473" title="Lucy Lloyd">
Lucy Lloyd

Lucy Catherine Lloyd (7 November 1834 – 31 August 1914) was the creator along with Wilhelm Bleek of the 19th century archive of ǀxam and !kun texts.
Early life.
Lucy Catherine Lloyd was born in Norbury in England on 7 November 1834. Her father, William H.C. Lloyd, Archdeacon of Durban, was the rector of Norbury and vicar of Ranton, two villages in western England in Staffordshire. He was also chaplain to the Earl of Lichfield, to whom he was related through his mother. Lucy Lloyd's mother was Lucy Anne Jeffreys, also a minister's daughter, who died in 1842 when Lucy was eight. Lucy Lloyd was the second of four daughters. Her father remarried in 1844 and had 13 additional children with his new wife. After her mother's death, Lucy and her sisters lived with their maternal uncle and his wife, Sir John and Caroline Dundas, from whom they received a private and apparently liberal education.
In 1847 Robert Gray was consecrated Bishop of Cape Town and he established a diocese that included Natal, where it was felt that clergymen were needed. William Lloyd was sent to Durban along with his family in April 1849, when Lucy was 14, as Colonial and Military Chaplain to the colony's British forces. He later became Archdeacon of Durban. An independent Anglican diocese was established in 1853, with the consecration of John William Colenso as bishop. Colenso established a residence in Pietermaritzburg and a party of 45 accompanied him, including the young Wilhelm Bleek who was to assist Colenso as anthropologist and philologist.
The Lloyd family had limited financial means in Durban even though the four older girls had inherited some money from their mother. Lucy and her sisters are said to have had liberal and unorthodox views and Lucy had trained as a teacher. Lucy and Jemima (who was to marry Wilhelm Bleek) were very close, and both were repelled by their father whom they thought to be a hypocrite. After Lucy had refused to allow him to spend her inheritance he threw her out of their home and she went to stay on a farm owned by people called the Middletons. In 1858 Lucy became engaged to the sweet and widely travelled man George Woolley, the son of a minister. According to Lucy's sister Jemima the Middletons were wretched people who sowed distrust and pain between the couple. Lucy broke off the engagement, but she regretted this all her life, blaming herself for George's early miserable death. In a letter she wrote much later to her niece, Helma, on the occasion of the latter's engagement she said: 'May yours (with your dear Mother beside you), have a very different ending. I missed my dear Mother so sorely then, and the loving counsel and advice, which she could have given me. I had only my own theories and inexperience to go upon.'
Collaboration with Wilhelm Bleek.
Lucy's sister, Jemima, married Wilhelm Bleek on 22 November 1862 and they had seven children, five of whom survived to adulthood. In the same year as his marriage, Bleek was appointed curator of the Grey Collection at the South African Library in Cape Town.
Lucy travelled to Cape Town from Durban aboard the Natal mail steamer, the "SS Waldensian", in October 1862, for the wedding of her sister. The ship ran aground on a reef near Cape Agulhas and, although the passengers and crew were rescued, Lucy lost most of her possessions and wedding gifts, managing to retrieve only a pair of vases for her sister (which she carried on her lap in the lifeboat) and a set of Sir Walter Scott's novels that had washed ashore in good condition as they were wrapped in waterproof packaging.
Lucy settled with her sister and Wilhelm after their marriage. After living at first in New Street, the Bleek family moved to The Hill in Mowbray. Lucy started her work with oral histories on the arrival of the first |xam (Cape Bushman) speaker at Mowbray in 1870, after which she was responsible for two-thirds of the texts recorded until Bleek's death and the publication of their second report to the Cape Parliament in 1875. After Bleek's death, and true to the desire expressed in a codicil to his will written in 1871, Lucy continued working on their joint Bushman studies with the support of her sister, Bleek's widow, Jemima. While Lucy would undoubtedly have done this anyway, his request must surely have bestowed on her work the credibility that, in those days, was usually reserved for male scholars and researchers.
Fanny and Julia Lloyd joined the Bleek and Lloyd household (now at Charlton House, also in Mowbray). Lucy was appointed curator of the Grey Collection as successor to Bleek after his death in 1875, at half his salary, a position she accepted reluctantly. During this time she worked with the Grey Collection and at editing various manuscripts collected by Bleek, as well as continuing with her |xam research in her own time. She began corresponding with George W. Stow in 1875 about his copies of Bushman art, and in 1876 he proposed a book that would eventually be published (with Lucy's support) in an incomplete form as "The Native Races of Southern Africa". Lucy also played an important role in the founding of the SA Folklore Society, for which she acted as secretary for a while, and in the founding of the "Folklore Journal" in 1879.
Lucy's services at the South African Library were terminated in 1880 when Dr Theophilus Hahn was appointed, after a long and painful saga, in her place. Her relationship with the library had been fraught, and particularly with the Cape Colony's Secretary-General for Education Langham Dale who made the new appointment. She thought Hahn to be a fool and his appointment a disaster. Lloyd and the trustees of the Grey Collection, who supported her, took the case to the Supreme Court for judgment. The appointment, however, went ahead. Hahn resigned two years later, after which no custodian of the collection was appointed.
After Stow's death in 1882, Lloyd purchased his tracings and copies of Bushman paintings as well as the manuscript of Native Races from his wife, Fanny Stow. Lucy then engaged the services of the historian George McCall Theal to work with her on the manuscript and edit it. It was published in London in 1905 along with some photographic images taken from Lucy's own collection.
Return to Europe.
Lucy Lloyd and her sister Fanny went to England for a time in 1883, for financial and health-related reasons. Lucy's letters show her to have been ill at the time. Indeed, she described herself as having endured ‘years of overwork and many of ill-health'. After the loss of her position at the South African Library, the family had found themselves in a precarious financial position with too many mouths to feed – at times, whole families, numbers of adults as well as children, often in poor health, lived in their home – and Lucy's last recorded work with the Bushmen appears to have been in 1884. All in all, at least 17 people had lived in the Mowbray household between 1870 and 1884, some for extended periods. Expenses included food, clothing and tobacco (according to Bleek's list of expenses for 1871 he also budgeted for the arrival of the informants' wives). After Bleek's death in 1875, followed by the loss of Lloyd's job, Jemima Bleek and Lucy Lloyd were responsible for the upkeep of their various guests and their families, as well as their own sisters and young children.
As a result of these financial constraints, Jemima Bleek moved her family to Germany in 1884 to stay with relatives and receive schooling there, and it appears that the other Lloyd sisters joined them. Lucy Lloyd is believed to have gone to Europe in 1887 – around this time she trained her niece Dorothea in Bushman research – and she moved between Germany, Switzerland, England and Wales, with occasional trips to the Cape around 1905 and 1907. She returned permanently to South Africa in 1912. The Bleek family remained in Germany for the following 21 years.
Contributions and awards.
Lucy Lloyd submitted a third report to the Cape Government concerning 'Bushman Researches', dated London 8 May 1889, in which she added 4,534 half-pages or columns to the collection. In 1911 a selection of texts from Bleek and Lloyd's extraordinary project – and a considerable achievement given Lloyd's personal circumstances at the time – was edited by her and published as "Specimens of Bushman Folklore".
In 1913 Lloyd received an Honorary Doctorate from the University of the Cape of Good Hope in recognition of her contribution to research. In the words of the time, the citation read: She was the first woman to receive this degree in South Africa.
Death.
Lucy Lloyd died at Charlton House on 31 August 1914 at the age of 79, and is buried in the Wynberg cemetery in Cape Town near her nieces and nephew and Wilhelm Bleek himself.

</doc>
<doc id="9895475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895475" title="Lies and Crimes">
Lies and Crimes

Lies and Crimes is a 2007 television film starring Estella Warren, Tamara Hope, James McGowan and Joe MacLeod. It was directed by Mario Azzopardi and written by Morrie Ruvinsky.
Plot.
A cop's wife gets a surprise when her husband gets murdered in a break in. The break in was meant to kill the cop. The wife, afraid for her life, runs to the house her husband built, away from the protection of cops. Is she really safe there?

</doc>
<doc id="9895482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895482" title="Gunara">
Gunara

Gunara is a Sumerian and Akkadian deity of uncertain status. The deity is described variously as the husband of the goddess Nininsina and the father of Damu (Dumuzi), but also as the sister of Damu.

</doc>
<doc id="9895484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895484" title="Jalan Batu Caves">
Jalan Batu Caves

Jalan Batu Caves (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Klang Valley region, Selangor, Malaysia. The road connects Selayang in the west to Gombak in the east. During Thaipusam every year, the road is closed to all traffic.
Current developments.
Construction of the Batu Caves spiral bridge crossing the KTM double-tracking and electrification project.
The construction of the Batu Caves spiral bridge crossing the KTM double-tracking and electrification project was regarded as one of the most astonishing engineering project in Malaysia. It was constructed on 2007 and completed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9895516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895516" title="MysqlBind">
MysqlBind

mysqlBind/unxsBind is a DNS management software system. It supports ISC BIND DNS and is distributed as open source software under the GNU General Public License.
mysqlBind/unxsBind has been in use since the late 1990s. It initially was designed to replace perl/bash based sets of maintenance scripts that made deployment and upkeep of large DNS systems time consuming and prone to human error.
Design.
mysqlBind (now unxsBind) centralizes all data in a replicated SQL database and limits any DNS configuration errors to one software package failure point. unxsBind is a BIND9+ server management system only, not a DNS server, and generates DNS server specific configuration files so that the DNS server does not have to rely on a live SQL database. The unxsBind used SQL server is only needed to be operational for administration and deployment of new zones, new resource records, resource records changes and zone SOA changes. This non-reliance on a live SQL database has been a major point for reliable deployment of large scale DNS services. 
unxsBind is based on a "Company/Organization-Contact-Role" login and permissions model, such that end user organization contacts can manage their own DNS data from a shared infrastructure. This unxsBind shared infrastructure supports an unlimited number of organizations that can then administrate their own DNS resources, such as IP blocks, zones and resource records. unxsBind provides for the centralized management of multiple independent name servers across data center boundaries. 
The unxsBind system consists of a back end (unxsBind/iDNS) interface, and several example end user interfaces: The idnsAdmin admin interface, and the end user idnsOrg and vdnsOrg interfaces. All provided interfaces run on SQL originated HTML/CSS/JavaScript templates organized in types and sets for on the fly interface "skin" changes and new interfaces. This along with the backend/DNS-configuration-engine and front-end interface model used in unxsBind is meant to provide the DNS service provider with a simple path to provision their own custom interfaces with advanced functionality. For example, a DNS service provider branded AJAX based interface with punycode hostname conversion for IDNA support.
Secondary and master zones, secondary-only zones, forward zones, hidden masters and hidden external master zones are all supported. Recent versions allow unlimited split horizon configurations (multiple BIND 9.3+ views). NAPTR, AAAA, and many other complex resource records are supported with input validation and contextual glossary based help. Wizards are provided for error prone complex DNS configuration management operations, e.g. in-addr.arpa reverse dns NS delegation using CIDR and $GENERATE directives. LDAP login support is provided for the vdnsOrg interface.
A CentOS 5.2+ yum installable version is available. Advanced features such as HA and LDAP single sign-on require that the system be configured and installed from source.

</doc>
<doc id="9895550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895550" title="Territorial evolution of Germany">
Territorial evolution of Germany

The territorial changes of Germany refer to the changes in the borders and territory of Germany from its formation in 1871 to the present. Modern Germany was formed in 1871 when Otto von Bismarck unified most of the German-speaking states (with the notable exception of Austria) into the German Empire. After the First World War Germany lost about 10% of her territory to her neighbours and the Weimar Republic was formed. This republic included territories to the east of today's German borders.
The period of Nazi rule from the 1930s through the end of the Second World War brought significant territorial losses for the country. Nazi Germany initially expanded the country's territory dramatically and conquered most of Europe, though not all areas were added to Germany proper. The Nazis' fortunes changed after the failure of the invasion of Soviet Union. The Nazi regime eventually collapsed, and the Allies occupied Germany.
Immediately after the war, all territorial gains were reversed and pre-war Germany was split into British, French and American occupation zones in the northwest, west and south and a Soviet occupation zone in the centre; the capital Berlin was similarly divided into four sectors. The former eastern territories of Germany were ceded to Poland and the Soviet Union and the Oder and Neisse Rivers became Germany's new eastern boundary. This territory became Poland's so-called "Recovered Territories", while approximately one-third of East Prussia became Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast; virtually the entire German population in these areas was expelled or fled. In the west, the Saar area formed a French-controlled protectorate with limited autonomy, but its own citizenship laws.
With the onset of the Cold War, the western part of Germany was unified as the Trizone, becoming the Federal Republic of Germany in May 1949 ("West Germany"). Western-occupied West Berlin declared its accession to the Federal Republic of Germany in 1949 but was denied by the occupying powers. The Soviet zone, including the Soviet sector of Berlin, became the communist German Democratic Republic ("East Germany") in October the same year. Effective 1 January 1957 the Saar Protectorate declared its accession to the Federal Republic of Germany, as provided by its Grundgesetz (constitution) art. 23 (Little Reunification). Following the end of the Cold War, East Germany, including East Berlin, and West Berlin used the same West German constitutional clause and declared their accession to the Federal Republic of Germany effective 3 October 1990 – an event referred to as German reunification.
Background.
German settlement in Central and Eastern Europe.
Part of the motivation behind the territorial changes is based on historical events in Germany and Western Europe. Migrations that took place over more than a millennium led to pockets of Germans living throughout Central and Eastern Europe as far east as Russia. The existence of these enclaves was sometimes used by German nationalists, such as the Nazis, to justify territorial claims.
The rise of European nationalism.
The territorial changes of Germany after World War II can be interpreted in the context of the evolution of global nationalism and European nationalism.
The latter half of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century saw the rise of nationalism in Europe. Previously, a country consisted largely of whatever peoples lived on the land that was under the dominion of a particular ruler. As principalities and kingdoms grew through conquest and marriage, a ruler could wind up with many different ethnicities under his dominion.
The concept of nationalism was based on the idea of a "people" who shared a common bond through race, religion, language and culture. Furthermore, nationalism asserted that each "people" had a right to its own state. Thus, much of European history in the latter half of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century can be understood as efforts to realign national boundaries with this concept of "one people, one state". Many interior conflicts were a result of more or less pressurising citizens of alternative ethnicities and/or other native languages to assimilate to the ethnicity dominant in the state. Switzerland was the bright exception showing that patriotism only needs civic pride and legal equality, not a common native language.
Much conflict would arise when one nation asserted territorial rights to land outside its borders on the basis of an ethnic bond with the people living on the land. Another source of conflict arose when a group of people who constituted a minority in one nation would seek to secede from the nation either to form an independent nation or join another nation with whom they felt stronger ties. Yet another source of conflict was the desire of some nations to expel people from territory within its borders because people did not share a common bond with the majority of people of that nation.
Formation of the German Empire.
The North German Confederation, led by the Kingdom of Prussia, was combined with the southern states of Baden, Württemberg, Bavaria and Hesse and the formerly French newly annexed Alsace-Lorraine to form the German Empire in 1871. In some areas of Prussia's eastern provinces, such as the Province of Posen, the majority of the population was Polish. Many Lorrainians were by native language French. Most of the Alsatians and of the Lorrainians of German native language rather clung to France, despite all nationalistic claim that language and culture would and should determine one's national affiliation.
Heligoland.
Britain ceded Heligoland to Germany in 1890 in accordance with the terms of the Heligoland–Zanzibar Treaty. The Heligolanders, then still prevailingly fluent in their Heligolandic dialect of North Frisian, adopted German citizenship, like many other Frisians of Germany along the North Sea coast.
World War I.
Brest-Litovsk.
As part of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, Russia's new Bolshevik (communist) government renounced all claim to Finland, the future Baltic states (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania), Poland, Belarus, Ukraine.
Most of these territories were in effect ceded to the German Empire, intended to become economically dependent on and politically closely tied to that empire under different German kings and dukes.
Regarding the ceded territories, the treaty stated that "Germany and Austria-Hungary intend to determine the future fate of these territories in agreement with their population" with few other effects than the appointment of German rulers to the new thrones of Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland.
Territorial changes after World War I.
Treaty of Versailles.
The provisions of the Treaty of Versailles at the end of World War I obliged Germany to transfer some territory to other countries. Besides the loss of the German colonial empire the territories Germany lost were:
Sudetenland.
The Sudeten Germans had attempted to prevent the German language border areas of former Austria from becoming part of Czechoslovakia in 1918. Once part of Bavaria, they had proclaimed the German-Austrian province of Sudetenland in October 1918, voting instead to join the newly declared Republic of German Austria in November 1918. However, this had been forbidden by the victorious allied powers of the First World War (the Treaty of Saint-Germain) and by the Czechoslovak government, partly with force of arms in 1919. Many Sudeten Germans rejected an affiliation to Czechoslovakia, since they had been refused the right to self-determination promised by US president Woodrow Wilson in his Fourteen Points of January 1918.
Silesian uprisings.
The Silesian Uprisings () were a series of three armed uprisings (1919–1921) of Poles in the Upper Silesia region against Weimar Republic in order to separate the region (where in some parts Poles constituted a majority) from Germany and join it with the Second Polish Republic.
Interbellum.
Territorial claims of German nationalists.
By World War I, there were isolated groups of Germans or so-called Schwaben as far southeast as the Bosphorus (Turkey), Georgia, and Azerbaijan. After the war, Germany's and Austria-Hungary's loss of territory and the rise of communism in the Soviet Union meant that more Germans than ever constituted sizable minorities in various countries.
German nationalists used the existence of large German minorities in other countries as a basis for territorial claims. Many of the propaganda themes of the Nazi regime against Czechoslovakia and Poland claimed that the ethnic Germans ("Volksdeutsche") in those territories were persecuted.
The Nazis negotiated a number of population transfers with Joseph Stalin and others with Benito Mussolini so that both Germany and the other country would increase their ethnic homogeneity. However, these population transfers were not sufficient to appease the demands of the Nazis. The "Heim ins Reich" rhetoric of the Nazis over the continued disjoint status of enclaves such as Danzig and East Prussia was an agitating factor in the politics leading up to World War II, and is considered by many to be among the major causes of Nazi aggressiveness and thus the war. Adolf Hitler used these issues as a pretext for waging wars of aggression against Czechoslovakia and Poland.
Rhineland.
On March 7, 1936, Hitler sent a small expeditionary force into the demilitarized Rhineland. This was a clear violation of the Treaty of Versailles (1919, official end of World War I), and as such, France and Britain were within their rights, via the Treaty, to oust the German forces. British public opinion blocked any use of military force, thus preventing French action, as they were internally divided and would not act without British support.
Saar region.
In 1933, a considerable number of anti-Nazi Germans fled to the Saar, as it was the only part of Germany left outside the Third Reich's control. As a result, anti-Nazi groups campaigned heavily for the Saarland to remain under control of League of Nations as long as Adolf Hitler ruled Germany. However, long-held sentiments against France remained entrenched, with very few sympathizing openly with France. When the 15-year-term was over, a plebiscite was held in the territory on 13 January 1935: 90.3% of those voting wished to join Germany.
On 17 January 1935, the territory's re-union with Germany was approved by the League Council. On March 1, Nazi Germany took over the region, and appointed Josef Bürckel as "Reichskommissar für die Rückgliederung des Saarlandes", "Imperial Commissioner for the re-union of Saarland".
As the new Gau was extended to the Rhine, including the historic Palatinate, the region's name was changed again on 8 April 1940 to Gau Saarpfalz (Saar-Palatinate). After the Battle of France, the re-annexed French département of Moselle was incorporated in the Reichsgau.
Anschluss.
The Allies were, on paper, committed to upholding the terms of the Treaty of Versailles, which specifically prohibited the union of Austria and Germany. This notwithstanding, the Anschluss was among the first major steps in the Austrian-born Adolf Hitler's long-desired creation of an empire including German-speaking lands and territories Germany had lost after World War I.
The events of March 12, 1938, marked the culmination of historical cross-national pressures to unify the German populations of Austria and Germany under one nation. However, the 1938 Anschluss, regardless of its popularity, was enacted by Germany. Earlier, Hitler's Germany had provided support for the Austrian National Socialist Party (Austrian Nazi Party) in its bid to seize power from Austria's Austrofascist leadership. Fully devoted to remaining independent but amidst growing pressures, the chancellor of Austria, Kurt Schuschnigg, tried to hold a plebiscite.
Although Schuschnigg expected Austria to vote in favour of maintaining autonomy, a well-planned internal overthrow by the Austrian Nazi Party of Austria's state institutions in Vienna took place on March 11, prior to the vote. With power quickly transferred over to Germany, the Wehrmacht troops entered Austria to enforce the Anschluss. The Nazis held a plebiscite within the following month, where they received 99.73% of the vote. No fighting ever took place and the strongest voices against the annexation, particularly Fascist Italy, France and the United Kingdom (parties to the Stresa Front), were powerless or, in the case of Italy, appeased.
Czechoslovakia.
Sudetenland.
On September 29, 1938 Adolf Hitler, Neville Chamberlain, Benito Mussolini and Édouard Daladier signed the Munich Agreement. The Czechoslovak government capitulated on September 30 and reluctantly agreed to abide by the agreement. The settlement gave Germany the Sudetenland starting October 10, and de facto control over the rest of Czechoslovakia as long as Hitler promised to go no further.
Hitler and Chamberlain signed an additional resolution determining to resolve all future disputes between Germany and the United Kingdom through peaceful means. This is often confused with the Four-Power Munich Agreement itself, not least because most photographs of Chamberlain's return show him waving the paper containing the resolution, not the Munich Agreement itself.
Without fortification which was built in Sudetenland, Czechoslovakia was now defenseless. On October 5, Edvard Beneš resigned as President of Czechoslovakia, realising that the fall of Czechoslovakia was "fait accompli". Following the outbreak of World War II, he would form a Czechoslovak government-in-exile in London.
Invasion of the rest of Czechoslovakia.
On 13 March 1939, Nazi armies entered Prague and proceeded to occupy the remainder of Bohemia and Moravia, which was transformed into a protectorate of the Reich. The eastern half of the country, Slovakia, became a separate pro-Nazi state, the Slovak Republic.
Prime Minister Chamberlain felt betrayed by the Nazi seizure of Czechoslovakia, realising his policy of appeasement towards Hitler had failed, and immediately began to mobilize the British Empire's armed forces on a war footing. France did the same. Though no immediate action followed, Hitler's move on Poland in September started World War II in Europe.
Memel Territory.
By late 1938, Lithuania had lost control over the situation in the Memel Territory. In the early hours of 23 March 1939, after a political ultimatum had made a Lithuanian delegation travel to Berlin, the Lithuanian Minister of Foreign Affairs Juozas Urbšys and his German counterpart Joachim von Ribbentrop signed the "Treaty of the Cession of the Memel Territory to Germany" in exchange for a Lithuanian Free Zone in the port of Memel, using the facilities erected in previous years.
World War II.
Poland.
After invading Poland in 1939, Germany annexed the lands it was forced to give to a reformed Poland in 1919–1922 by the Treaty of Versailles, including the "Polish Corridor", West Prussia, the Province of Posen, and East Upper Silesia. The Volkstag of the Free City of Danzig voted to become a part of Germany again, although Poles and Jews were deprived of their voting rights and all non-Nazi political parties were banned. Parts of Poland that had not been part of Wilhelmine Germany were also incorporated into the Reich.
Two decrees by Adolf Hitler (October 8 and October 12, 1939) provided for the division of the annexed areas of Poland into the following administrative units:
These territories had an area of 94,000 km² and a population of 10,000,000 people. The remainder of the Polish territory was annexed by the Soviet Union (c. 52%; see Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact) or made into the German-controlled General Government occupation zone.
After the German attack on the Soviet Union in June 1941, the Białystok Voivodeship, which included the Białystok, Bielsk Podlaski, Grajewo, Łomża, Sokółka, Volkovysk, and Grodno Counties, was "attached to" (not incorporated into) East Prussia, while East Galicia was added to the General Government.
Alsace-Lorraine.
After the invasion of France in 1940, Germany annexed the départements of Bas-Rhin, Haut-Rhin and Moselle (Alsace-Lorraine). The German government never negotiated or declared a formal annexation, however, in order to preserve the possibility of an agreement with the West.
Eupen and Malmedy.
See Eupen-Malmedy
Luxembourg.
Luxembourg was invaded and occupied by German Forces in June 1940. It was formally annexed to Germany in August 1942.
Parts of Yugoslavia.
From: History of Slovenia "After Yugoslavia fell, Germany, Italy, and Hungary each annexed parts of Slovenia, the largest part being Lower Styria which was annexed to the "Ostmark" (Nazi German Austria)."
South Tyrol.
See Annexation of South Tyrol to Nazi Germany and Italian Social Republic.
Recognition.
All areas that were incorporated into Nazi Germany between 1937 and 8 May 1945 were "de facto" repudiated at the Yalta and Potsdam Conferences, and were therefore non-issues in the post-war division of Nazi Germany. One exception was Memelland, the incorporation of which at the end of March 1939 was recognised by the UK and France, but not by the USA.
Territorial changes after World War II.
As it became evident that the Allies were going to defeat Nazi Germany decisively, the question arose as to how to redraw the borders of Central and Eastern European countries after the war. In the context of those decisions, the problem arose of what to do about ethnic minorities within the redrawn borders. The territorial changes at the end of World War II were part of negotiated agreements between the victorious Allies to redraw national borders and arrange for deportation of all Germans that were east of the Oder–Neisse line. The Allies occupied Germany, but the Western allies and Soviet Union formed separate governments covering specific parts of Germany (West Germany, as well as West Berlin, and East Germany). The Germanies and West Berlin reunified in 1990.
The Yalta Conference.
The final decision to move Poland's boundary westward was made by the US, Britain and the Soviets at the Yalta Conference, shortly before the end of the war. The precise location of the border was left open; the western Allies also accepted in general the principle of the Oder River as the future western border of Poland and of population transfer as the way to prevent future border disputes. The open question was whether the border should follow the eastern or western Neisse rivers, and whether Stettin, the traditional seaport of Berlin, should remain German or be included in Poland.
Originally, Germany was to retain Stettin while the Poles were to annex East Prussia with Königsberg. Eventually, however, Stalin decided that he wanted Königsberg as a year-round warm water port for the Soviet Navy and argued that the Poles should receive Stettin instead. The wartime Polish government in exile had little to say in these decisions.[http://www.ipn.gov.pl/biuletyn9-10_56-57.pdf
Key points of the meeting that are relevant to the territorial changes of Germany are as follows:
The Potsdam Conference.
At the Potsdam Conference the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union placed the German territories within the 1937 Nazi Germany borders east of the Oder–Neisse line, and with the exception of parts of East Prussia, as formally under Polish administrative control (These were referred to by the Polish communist government as the "Western Territories" or "Regained Territories"). It was anticipated that a final peace treaty would follow shortly and either confirm this border or determine whatever alterations might be agreed upon. Northern East Prussia and Memelland were placed under Soviet administrative control. The 1919 Versailles Treaty created Free City of Danzig was also placed under Polish administration. The German population east of the Oder–Neisse line was expelled.
At the end of the conference, the Three Heads of Government agreed on the following actions:
Finalization of the Polish-German border.
The problem with the status of these territories was that the concluding document of the Potsdam Conference in 1945 was not a legally binding treaty, but a memorandum between the USSR, the USA and the UK. It regulated the issue of the eastern German border, which was to be the Oder–Neisse line, but the final article of the memorandum said that the final decisions concerning Germany were to be subject to a separate peace treaty.
Based upon this interpretation of the Potsdam Agreement, the CDU controlled German government maintained that the Oder–Neisse line was completely unacceptable and subject to negotiation. Also the Social Democrats of the SPD initially refused to accept the Oder–Neisse line. Thus, the official German government position on the status of areas vacated by settled German communities east of the Oder–Neisse rivers was that the areas were "temporarily under Polish (or ) administration."
Between 1970 and 1990, the West German political establishment gradually recognised the "facts on the ground" and accepted clauses in the Treaty on the Final Settlement, whereby Germany renounced all claims to territory east of the Oder–Neisse line.
In the Treaty of Warsaw (1970; ratified in 1972) West Germany recognized the Oder–Neisse line as Poland's western border and renounced any present and future territorial claims; this was reaffirmed by both German states in the 1990 Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany as a pre-condition for re-union. The treaty was ratified in 1991 by the united Germany. United Germany and Poland then finally settled the issue of the Oder–Neisse border by the German–Polish Border Treaty in November 1990. This ended the legal limbo which meant that for 45 years, people on both sides of the border could not be sure whether the status quo reached in 1945 might be changed at some future date.
Belgium.
The "Working Party on Provisional Adjustments to the Western Frontiers of Germany" approved in 1949 the provisional transfer of containing 500 inhabitants to Belgium:
As part of the 1956 treaty, in exchange for the territory ceded by Germany, Belgium ceded to Germany its territory north of the Fringshaus roads and bounded by the Vennbahn. The detached territory, in 1956 containing 704 inhabitants including refugees, was, prior to its 1956 dissolution and partition between West Germany and Belgium, ruled as an independent territory by Belgian Army Major General Paul Bolle, who enjoyed dictatorial powers.
Netherlands.
Despite the more extensive annexation proposals of the Bakker-Schut Plan, only a few border modifications were implemented. On April 23, 1949, Dutch troops occupied an area of , the largest parts of which were Elten (near Emmerich am Rhein) and Selfkant. Many other small border changes were executed, mostly in the vicinity of Arnhem and Dinxperlo. At that time, these areas were inhabited by a total of almost 10,000 people.
Starting in March 1957, West Germany negotiated with the Netherlands for the return of these areas. The negotiations led to an agreement (; short: Ausgleichsvertrag, i.e. treaty of settlement) made in The Hague on April 8, 1960, in which Germany agreed to pay 280 million German marks for the return of Elten, Selfkant, and Suderwick, as "Wiedergutmachung".
The territory was returned to Germany on August 1, 1963, except for one small hill (about ) near Wyler village, called Duivelsberg/Wylerberg which was annexed by the Netherlands.
France.
Starting on 16 February 1946 France disentangled the Saar area and established the separate Saar Protectorate, further attaching parts of the Prussian Rhine Province and the Bavarian Palatinate (Saarpfalz). Like the former eastern territories of Germany the Saar area was out of the jurisdiction of the Allied Control Council for Germany and thus no part of Allied-occupied Germany. However, unlike the eastern territories the domestic Saar population was not expelled by the controlling French. With effect of 1 January 1957 the Saar Protectorate declared its accession to the Federal Republic of Germany, as provided by its Grundgesetz (constitution) art. 23 (Little Reunification), thus becoming the new federal state of Saarland.

</doc>
<doc id="9895562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895562" title="Atomic Sock Monkey Press">
Atomic Sock Monkey Press

Atomic Sock Monkey Press (ASMP) is a small press game company that publishes “beer and pretzels” role-playing games and board games. The company is run by Chad Underkoffler, also known for his game columns on RPG.net and Pyramid magazine, as well as writing contributions to Atlas Games' Unknown Armies line.
Games.
ASMP’s games include:
PDQ System.
Most ASMP games share in common the PDQ ("Prose Descriptive Qualities") system, a rules-light game engine that has three different levels of task resolution for any situation, in order to let players resolve encounters in as much or as little detail as desired. 
The mechanism is to generate a random number or roll, add a freeform stat or set of stats, and compare to a difficulty number -- either a fixed difficulty number or the opponent's roll. In conflicts, the amount which you beat another character's roll by is the amount of damage or failure ranks (see below). Stats are rated in five named ranks: Poor [-2], Average [+0], Good [+2], Expert [+4], and Master [+6]. 
Conflicts result in the accumulation of either "failure ranks" (which recover at the end of the contest) or "damage ranks" (which may take longer to heal). Each point of either type means that the loser must choose a stat to downgrade by one rank. So if you lose a conflict roll by 3, you must lower three stats each by one rank, or one stat by three ranks (with a minimum of Poor: -2). You can choose any stat to take your damage in -- i.e. you can downgrade your "Accounting" quality based on a hit in a fight. When you can't lower your stats any lower (i.e. a hit when all stats are at Poor [-2]), then you have lost the contest.
Licensed Titles.
The PDQ game system has been licensed for use in other games, including Silver Branch Games' "Questers of the Middle Realms" and aethereal FORGE's Vox and Ninja Burger 2nd edition.

</doc>
<doc id="9895570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895570" title="Hahanu">
Hahanu

Hahanu is a god in Sumerian, Babylonian, and Akkadian mythology. Of uncertain function, he is known from passing references in texts and from inscriptions.
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9895589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895589" title="Diana Gannett">
Diana Gannett

Diana Gannett is a American classical double bassist and educator, currently Professor of Double Bass at the University of Michigan School of Music.
Career.
Previous appointments include the faculties of Yale University School of Music, Theatre & Dance and Hartt School of Music, Theatre & Dance in Connecticut, Oberlin College Conservatory in Ohio, University of Iowa School of Music, Theatre & Dance, and the University of South Florida. 
For many years she held the position of principal double bass at Eastern Music Festival in Greensboro, North Carolina. Her students have been winners in many solo competitions (ISB, ASTA, EMF, Aspen, and various regional competitions) and have also won positions in professional orchestras and teaching institutions.
Gannett is a past president of the International Society of Bassists, founded by her former teacher, Gary Karr, and hosted its bi-annual convention at the University of Iowa in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="9895604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895604" title="Dutch Senate election, 2007">
Dutch Senate election, 2007

The elections of the Dutch Senate of 2007 were held on 29 May 2007, following the provincial elections on 7 March 2007. The 564 members of the twelve States-Provincial elected the 75 Senate members. The new Senate was installed on 12 June 2007.
Prominent Candidates.
Prominent PvdA member and former MP Klaas de Vries was put on a very low place on the PvdA list of candidates by the advisory committee, he was unlikely to be elected. After some internal consternation the congress however decided to place him on an eligible place. He was indeed elected
Another prominent candidate was human-rights lawyer Britta Böhler, who stood successfully for the GreenLeft.
Results.
Seat allocation.
Three combined lists entered the election, the CDA together with the ChristianUnion and the SGP, the VVD together with D66 and the OSF and the GreenLeft together with the PvdD. The plans for a combined list of PvdA/SP/GreenLeft/PvdD failed because of the rising tensions between SP and PvdA. 
Two parties profited from the remainder seat allocation, using D'Hondt method, the SP and the CDA. These are therefore slightly overrepresented. 
In North Holland one GreenLeft member of the provincial council voted incorrectly: in a panic attack she made all nine boxes of GreenLeft MPs red. This meant that the combined list of the GreenLeft and the Party for the Animals got one seat less, which would otherwise have been allocated in the remainder seat distribution. This seat would have gone to the PvdD.
Five candidates were elected because of preference votes. Düzgün Yildirim for the SP, Hans Engels for D66, Jan Laurier for the GreenLeft, Joyce Sylvester for the CDA and Hans Klein Breteler for the CDA.

</doc>
<doc id="9895607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895607" title="Texas Western Press">
Texas Western Press

Texas Western Press is a university press part of the University of Texas at El Paso founded by Carl Hertzog in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="9895612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895612" title="The Sea Prince and the Fire Child">
The Sea Prince and the Fire Child

Story.
Long before Syrius (voiced by Tony Oliver in the U.S. release) and Malta were born, Syrius' father Glacus (named Oceanus in the English adaptation), the god of water, and Malta's mother Themis (named Hyperia in the English adaptation), the goddess of fire, lived as one. However, Lord of the Winds Argon (named Algorac in the English adaptation) grew jealous of Glaucus and Themis's love and turned them against one another by lying to each that the other was plotting to overthrow them. The war between Water and Fire began. After both sides were nearly destroyed, the highest god of them all intervened and struck down Algorac, tearing loose his eye (the source of his power), and damned him to the deepest abyss of the oceans, entrusting the eye to Glacus and keeping the seas calm. Themis at that same time created a Holy Flame near the sea that would, in her opinion, keep the seas calm so that her children of Fire would live forever and never be extinguished. From that point on, the two elemental siblings were forever parted to keep peace between them.
Years later, Prince Syrius becomes heir to the Sea Kingdom and is given the Eye of Algorac to protect. Princess Malta also becomes the new heir to the Fire Kingdom, being charged with guarding the Holy Flame at the edge of the sea each night until her sixteenth birthday, when she will become queen. As Syrius plays with his little brother Teak (named Bibble in the English adaptation), he wanders off into the forbidden waters of the Sea Kingdom. He follows a bright light which leads him above the surface of the water for the first time. There Syrius and Malta see each other for the first time. As Syrius climbs on to a rock to get a closer look, the flame burns brightly and forces Syrius back into the water where he falls unconscious. Teak finds him and rescues him from being pulled into the whirlpool where Algorac is kept. As Syrius is made ruler of the Sea Kingdom, a jealous and bullying polliwog named Mabuse (named Mugwug in the English adaptation), attempts to take the eye of Algorac away from Syrius and get the creatures of the deep to make him the king of the sea, but Syrius deals with him easily and sends him flying. 
Malta returns to the Holy Flame, accompanied by her friend Piale, but becomes agitated as she worries the strange boy or one of the monsters from the sea that her mother has warned her about will appear. The next night Syrius returns to see her. They introduce themselves and after realizing they mean each other no harm, they begin to fall in love. Syrius tells her all about life under the sea, which Malta finds fascinating. As the sun begins to rise, however, Syrius must return to the sea, because the children of the water will die if they are touched by sunlight. They bid each other farewell until the next night and Malta gives him a kiss.
Syrius and Malta are extremely happy throughout the following day, which doesn't go unnoticed by Teak, Piale and Themis. As Syrius and Malta play in Malta's secret garden that night, Teak journeys through the forbidden waters and sees the two dancing with each other. Unfortunately, a group of gigantic, deadly jellyfish take the opportunity to attack the sea kingdom while Syrius is away. Syrius sees the calm waters turn rough and goes to fight, but it is too late. Teak, who was hurt by the jellyfish, lashes out at his brother and reveals he knew where he was. After asking Moelle, the oldest and wisest sea turtle in the ocean, for some advice, he is asked to forget about Malta. Malta is upset when Syrius doesn't return the following evening. Mabuse tries to convince Syrius that the burden of the Eye is too heavy and he will gladly take it from him, but Syrius refuses and instead decides to see Malta again. Mabuse, deducing that he is hiding something, follows him.
In the Fire Kingdom, Themis sees how sad her daughter is and reminds her that during an eclipse coming in five days, she will be the next Queen of the Fire Clan. Malta is heartbroken and begs her mother to let her keep taking care of the sacred flame, to which her mother refuses. Syrius returns that night much to Malta's happiness, but Piale catches them kissing and attacks Syrius. She flies off, heartbroken. Malta, beginning to realize they can never be together, performs a farewell dance for Syrius and throws herself into the Holy Flame. Refusing to believe what she says, Syrius jumps into the flame after her, but they fall out. Before they can both hit the surface of the water, they land on top of Moelle, who brings them safely back to shore. He now understands the love Syrius has for Malta. Moelle tells them the story of how water and fire no longer lived together as one, but when he's done, he sees Malta and Syrius embracing, surviving the amount of heat from the nearby flame. Moelle tells them there may be a way for them to stay together—it is rumored that somewhere in the heavens there is a star where fire and water live together. During the same eclipse where Malta is to be made queen, strange pink flowers of fire and water known as Klaesco blossoms (called Kalea flowers in the English adaptation), on Mobius Hill (called the Hill of Elysium in the English adaptation), burst into bloom and release white spores that fly up into the sky, making their way to that star.
Unfortunately, Mabuse overhears everything and after making himself known to the "traitors", swims off to tell King Glaucus. Moelle chases after him before he can tell Malta and Syrius where Mobius Hill is. To make matters worse, the Holy Flame, left unattended too long, goes out. Malta knows without the sacred flame, her mother will lose her youth and most likely kill Syrius for what he has done. As she sobs on his shoulder, Piale, who had been watching the whole time, promises to distract everyone while Malta and Syrius escape to Mobius Hill. Piale declares her love for Malta and becomes the Holy Flame herself. Themis and the Fire Children notice the change in the flame, however. When they fly down from the palace to see it, the Queen discovers Piale's sacrifice and sends the Fire Children to bring back Malta. They almost succeed in recapturing her but Syrius fights back until they are cornered by both Glaucus and Themis. They confront each other and force Malta and Syrius apart. Both of them imprison the two children as punishment for betraying their own kind and so they can not elope together.
Three small sprites free Malta and distract the guards so she may escape to Mobius Hill. Teak visits Syrius in prison and unsuccessfully tries to get him out. Malta wanders through a desert for days, encountering the strange creatures of Sand Riddle Hill who transport her to Mobius Hill after answering their riddle. Syrius keeps calling Malta's name, earning the sympathy of most of the creatures of the sea. Mabuse comes with a dangerous idea for Teak to get Syrius out—steal the eye of Algorac and bring it to his prison. Once he is free he will attack and destroy most of the kingdom, allowing Syrius to escape. Teak doesn't like this plan but thinking he has no choice goes to tell Syrius, unaware of Mabuse's true intentions to finally take the eye for himself. Syrius refuses to hand over the eye, but when Teak says being king matters more to him than his fire child, Syrius tells him that he doesn't deserve to be king. He tells him to return the eye to Glaucus instead and tell him he was never worthy of being his heir, hoping perhaps Glaucus will let him go. On the way there, Teak is ambushed by Mabuse and his gang and he takes the eye for himself. Now declaring himself king, they drunkenly celebrate until Teak is able to escape and take back the eye.
Teak makes it to Glaucus' temple but the guards refuse to let him in, believing the eye is a fake. In anger, Teak heads to the forbidden waters to give the eye to Algorac instead. After approaching the deadly chasm, Teak changes his mind and tries to return to Syrius, but the eye is overcome by Algorac's power and pulls Teak into the whirlpool. Algorac is unleashed and he begins to destroy the ocean. The world above is affected as well; Malta is almost sucked into a maelstrom that forms below Mobius Hill. Glaucus battles with Algorac and defeats him for good. Syrius escapes before the dungeon before it collapses on him, and finds Teak, who is mortally wounded. Teak tells him to go to Malta before he dies. Meanwhile, on Mobius Hill, the eclipse begins and the Klaesco blossoms start to bloom. Malta tries to stop all of the spores from floating away but it is too late. Malta falls to the ground sobbing, believing Syrius had lied to her about returning. During the eclipse, Malta is transformed into the new Fire Queen.
Syrius desperately searches for Malta on land but falls off a cliff and loses his sight when he hits the ground. When he finally reaches Malta, the Fire Children present are astounded that the Water Child kept his promise. A heartbroken and haughty Malta tells him the flowers are gone and refuses to speak to him ever again. Syrius still calls out for her and runs to her as the eclipse ends. Malta begs him to go back but it is too late. The sunlight kills Syrius and Malta begins to weep over his body. The Fire Children and Themis watch as she mourns the loss of her love. She says that they will never be apart again, and carries him into the water, where she too dies. Themis is heartbroken when Glaucus appears out of the sea with their bodies. He reminds the world that fire and water were indeed once one, and sends Malta and Syrius up to the faraway heavens to let their love create that world once more. In an epilogue, Moelle appears saying that fire and water now live again in peace on this planet, but he passes on the story of Malta and Syrius, and how they now watch over the world from their own star in the night sky.

</doc>
<doc id="9895642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895642" title="Stubensee">
Stubensee

The back and forward lakes Stubensee (lit. "Lake Stuben" in German; ) are located 2,423 m above sea level in the back part of the Pflersch valley, which is a left side valley of the Eisacktal. Similar to the Grünsee, one has to go by car until Ochsenalm (an alpine pasture) and then travel northwards high up route 6 until the lakes are reached after about four kilometers. At the forward lake, there is a snack station called Magdeburger Hütte (German for "Magdeburg alpine refuge"), which is named after the city in Germany.
Both lakes have a very good water quality (A grade). As typical mountain lakes, the water remains refreshingly chilly even on hot summer days at max. 12° Celsius. While the back lake is only supplied by rain or melting snow, the forward one is supplied and drained by the Hochtalbach (A grade quality / rapid). The creek has a length of about 1.65 kilometers and belongs to the source rivers of the "Fernerbach". Both merge near the Ochsenalm. Both lakes give also a protected, untouched living space to trouts and carps.

</doc>
<doc id="9895647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895647" title="The Bramcote School">
The Bramcote School

The Bramcote School is a mixed secondary school with academy status in Nottinghamshire. It teaches children from 11 to 16 (Years 7-11). It is located in Bramcote. The Executive Head Teacher is Kevin Dean. It is a member of The White Hills Park Federation Trust. On 1 October 2012 The Bramcote School rebranded from Bramcote Park Sports, Business & Enterprise School to The Bramcote School
Campus.
It is located to the south of Bramcote Woods, and to the East of Bramcote Park recreational and open grounds. It is part of a larger campus of schools build around the 1950s, which include Foxwood Special School, and the former Bramcote Hills Sport & Community College now a part of Alderman White School. 
Access to the school is from the east bound A52 to Nottingham and shares a drive with Bramcote Leisure Centre and Foxwood School. There is also a restricted vehicular and pedestrian access to the site of the former Bramcote Hills Sport & Community College following the creation of the federation, to enable staff and student movements between the schools.
History.
This was the first school to be built on the Bramcote Hills Site. In 1948 it opened as a Secondary Modern boys school named Bramcote Hills Boys School.
Previous Name changes.
Bramcote Park Comprehensive School became a Business and Enterprise school in 2004.
After receiving business status, it re-branded its image by announced a new logo and identity, consisting of red, white and blue.
After the complete closure of Bramcote Hills School in 2011, the school adopted their status as a specialist Sports College.
Federation.
In 2007 the school became part of a three-piece federation, named The White Hills Park Federation Trust under one executive headteacher (Kevin Dean) and governing body. The School was federated with neighbouring Bramcote Hills Sport & Community College and nearby Alderman White School Year 10 & 11 students are able to travel across sites to take part in cross federation lessons. They travel via school minibus.

</doc>
<doc id="9895653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895653" title="Saturn Queen">
Saturn Queen

Saturn Queen is a fictional comic book character owned by DC Comics. She debuted in "Superman" #147 (August 1961), and was created by Jerry Siegel and Curt Swan.
Golden Age inspiration theory.
Like Saturn Girl, Saturn Queen appears to have been suggested or inspired by a 1940s Wonder Woman storyline (in volume 1, issues 10 and 22) in which "Saturnic girls" with "power of hypnotism" that "can completely block the senses of most Earthlings, making trained Saturnians invisible and inaudible" and also the power to control their own bodies to fake death, invade Earth. Like Saturn Queen they have a complex set of urges to do good or evil that are hard to control, but the Amazon regime on Transformation Island seems to work on them. A disproportionate number are also redheads, and about half are blond. (See Saturn Girl for a more detailed explanation of the physical resemblances.)
Similar shifts from heroic to villainous side, doubts about controlling others, urge to self-sacrifice or suddenly shift sides to the good, all appear in Saturn Queen stories. Rehabilitation, regret, redemption, restorative justice and nurturing/training heroes also seem to be explored therein.
Fictional character biography.
Saturn Queen is a beautiful redhead from the planet Saturn from the thirty-first century, and like Saturn Girl she is a telepath from Saturn's moon Titan. She debuted alongside her villainous compatriots in the Legion of Super-Villains. A confident and aloof personality, she deems her motives for evil as just something she happened to pick up.
Her career as a villain took a turn for infamy when she and her associates formed an alliance with Lex Luthor to kill Superman, Luthor's greatest foe. The adult Legion of Super-Heroes appeared to battle the Villains, and when Luthor threatened to kill Superman Saturn Woman offered to die in his place. Superman asked to be released so he could give a tribute to her, and promised not to save her. It was revealed that Saturn's rings gave off energies that prevented criminal traits. Superman formed an artificial ring from Saturnian ring fragments, causing Saturn Queen to defeat Cosmic King, Lightning Lord, and Lex Luthor using her mental powers. A fragment of the rings is given to her to make her remain good, while the other supervillains are imprisoned. Superman says future law courts should be lenient on her.
Dreams.
Superman, having been exposed to Red Kryptonite, dreams of Saturn Queen and her associates putting him on trial for wrongs done to them by him. In the dream, Superman is made to fight his cousin Supergirl to the death or watch as they destroy Earth. While they are only dreams, it has been hinted that Saturn Queen could have been the one to induce these images.
Return.
During the "Absolute Power" arc, Saturn Queen returned to create an alternate universe in which she and her associates Lightning Lord and Cosmic King were the "parents" of both Batman and Superman. To create this world, the villains went back in time and sabotaged the origins of Superman and Batman, killing the Kents just as they discovered Superman's ship, and killing the robber immediately after he'd murdered Bruce Wayne's parents. Other Justice League members were killed before the League was formed, for example, the Martian Manhunter was killed with fire just after being teleported to Earth. In this world, the "World's Finest" were the personal enforcers of their parents' will. Of all those who tampered with time, she was the only one who seemed concerned that what they had done may have had irreversible consequences. Having been a mother to the young Bruce and Clark for many years caused her to become especially attached to this created world. When things started to spiral out of control—thanks to Wonder Woman's assault on Superman and Batman—and Bruce was killed before Clark killed Wonder Woman, Saturn Queen was the only "parent" to shed tears. When the two heroes try and restore history, but Batman kills his parents murderer, Ra's al Ghul takes over the world aided by the Legion, who battle the heroes again. In the end the real world was restored, and she disappeared again, later returning to marry Matter-Eater Lad.
Kandor.
Motherhood made Saturn Queen long for the comfort that came with having a child. Having last been seen in the "Absolute Power" arc of Superman/Batman, Saturn Queen returns in the Kandor arc of the new "Supergirl" series. She explains that when Alexander Luthor, Jr. brought the multiverse back during the "Infinite Crisis", her alternate reality was recreated on its own world. When the multiverse collapsed, she found herself stranded in the Phantom Zone, where she found Ultraman. She viewed Ultraman as a suitable replacement for the version of Superman who was her son in her reality, and placed him under mind control so that he would believe her to be his mother.
Together they went about creating Kandor in their image: he enforced her will while she ruled from behind the scenes. When Power Girl and Supergirl started causing problems for them in the guise of Nightwing and Flamebird she grew scared, since her last "son" was lost to her through similar rebellion. Her son proved no match for Supergirl and would have died had it not been for her telepathic interference. With her perfect world about to reach its apex, Supergirl and Ultraman were to wed and Power Girl executed, sealing her world forever. However, again, perfection eluded her as she attempted to dive into Power Girl's mind telepathically and lost control of both her son and Supergirl. Using the last of her strength, she reached for her son's mind, but he was pummeled and almost killed by Supergirl again. Pleading for his life, she telepathically gave Supergirl the information she sought. With Supergirl satisfied, she hastily left with Power Girl in tow. Saturn Queen meanwhile cradled her son Ultraman's body in her arms as the rebellion closed in around her.
Final Crisis.
Saturn Queen was among the villains in Superboy-Prime's Legion of Super-Villains. In this miniseries, Eve is characterized as a telepath who probes deep inside a person's mind and exposes their darkest desires. She believes that all sentient life forms have deviance laced in their mind, and that they only pretend to perform good deeds and show concern for others to hide their twisted wishes. This is presented as a counterpoint to Saturn Girl, who consistently believes in bringing out the best in others.
When the Legion of Super-Villains landed on Zerox to recruit Mordru, Eve entered Green Lantern Rond Vidar's mind and hindered his willpower long enough for Superboy-Prime to snap his neck. She was later seen attacking Saturn Girl alongside Esper Lass, but she was then stopped by the Saturn Girls of Earth-247 and Earth-Prime. The three then teamed up to prevent Eve from warning Prime about what the Legion's next plan of attack was.
After the end of the "Legion of Three Worlds" storyline, Eve has been seen recreating the Legion of Super-Villains, using her telepathic powers not only to accomplish her own escape from her holding cell on the Takron-Galtos prison planet, but also to destroy the prison and to use the chaos as cover for recruiting new members and for their escape. 
She later accomplishes this task, escaping with a small cadre of villains. Her goal is to kill the 'powers' watching over the universe so that chaos and anarchy can run rampant more freely. This group is focused on the worship of Saturn Queen, proven with the murder of Micro-Lad, who is killed simply for the crime of interrupting her. 

</doc>
<doc id="9895668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895668" title="Maléku language">
Maléku language

The Maléku Jaíka language, also called Guatuso, is an indigenous language of north central Costa Rica. It is a Chibchan language spoken by around 750 indigenous Maléku people.

</doc>
<doc id="9895684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895684" title="Rama people">
Rama people

The Rama are an indigenous people of Nicaragua. The 900 ethnic Rama live within a thirty mile radius of the Rama Cay island on the Caribbean coastline.
Economy.
The Rama are hunters, fishers and agriculturalists growing mainly bananas and white cacao beans.
Language.
The Rama language, which is a Chibchan language related to Maléku language of Costa Rica is considered moribund and only 24 elderly people still speak it fluently. However in recent years language revitalization efforts have been made and the Rama community has tried to reclaim their language, with some amount of success.
Rama land rights.
The Rama have struggled against the Nicaraguan government and mestizo landowners for rights to their ancestral lands and have joined forces with the other Nicaraguan indigenous groups the Miskito and the Sumo peoples. Particularly the Rama have had to fight against displacement when confronted with the Nicaraguan government's wish to build a cross-isthmian freight corridor. The government allowed American companies to prospect the possibilities for building a railroad which would pass through Rama lands. After this foreign land speculators claimed rights to Rama lands, and have begun logging and exploiting the area's natural resources. Rama resistance to the expropriation of their lands has been met with violence.
The Nicaraguan government and landowners are collectively called "the Spaniards" by the Rama and others within the semi-autonomous political framework of the collective indigenous peoples of the north Atlantic. Mestizo is a term commonly used outside of the peoples of Nicaragua and usage ignores the common and numerous geographic and traditional group self identifications.

</doc>
<doc id="9895686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895686" title="1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom">
1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom

Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 1981/1982
Final point standings.
In Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 1981/82 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().

</doc>
<doc id="9895702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895702" title="Abi Finley">
Abi Finley

Abigail "Abi" Finley (born September 10, 1982) is an actress and Musical Theatre performer from Prestwich, Greater Manchester, England, the daughter of a prominent local Jewish performer.
Finley has notably played Fiona in "Blondel" at the Pleasance Theatre, Islington London and Serena in "Fame" on a UK national tour. Since landing these leading roles, Finley has been highly praised for her singing voice and acting skills. Finley first came to national attention for her appearance on the BBC Reality TV programme "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?" in 2006, where she was known as "Tomboy Maria". This was produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber and David Ian to find someone to play Maria von Trapp in "The Sound Of Music". She appeared on the show with her best friend from college, Aoife Mulholland, and reached the semi-final of the BBC competition; but in a twist of fate she lost out to Mulholland in the sing-off, singing "Any Dream Will Do".
Career.
Shortly after "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?" finished in late 2006, Finley was cast by the Oscar-winning lyricist Sir Tim Rice in his revival of Blondel. On casting Finley, Rice said in an interview with "Hello Magazine", "Fiona has to be funny, feisty, and sexy. Plenty of candidates have two of the necessary attributes. Only Abi had all three... when you see Abi on stage, you actually want to look at her. I'd be amazed if Abi is not a big star pretty soon." Geoff Ambler, reviewing "Blondel", said of Finley's performance, "Abi Finley, the beautiful and talented one from "A Problem like Maria", proves that she can act with confident poise among the best, as well as sing, in what is her professional stage debut. This tight, witty show with its tremendous cast is one of the best to open in London this year."
In early 2007, straight from Blondel, Finley landed the part of Serena in Fame on a UK national tour. She had to audition for the part, then practice, while also learning the part of Fiona in Blondel. Ian Pearce, who reviewed the show for the BBC, said, "The first thing that strikes you is the quality of the live band and the sheer exuberance of the dancing... a strong performance comes from Abi Finley as the somewhat dowdy Serena."
On Christmas Eve 2007 Finley was seen performing with Lee Mead and Connie Fisher and some of the other "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?" and "Any Dream Will Do" finalists in a BBC special "festive" reunion show called "When Joseph met Maria!", celebrating both the hit Andrew Lloyd Webber BBC shows, recorded earlier on 2 December 2007. "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?" won an international Emmy Award in 2007 for best non-scripted entertainment.
From 6 May 2008, Finley starred as Miranda, the disembodied German head in "Betwixt! The Musical". The show opened on 6 May 2008, and ran until 22 June at The King's Head Theatre, Islington.
Finley starred as Jane in Gareth Peter's 'Bluebird the Musical', a musical set in the Second World War, alongside I'd Do Anything finalist Sarah Lark and Ramin Karimloo. During December 2011 and January 2012, Abi will be appearing in the German production of the tribal-rock musical HAIR, in which she plays ensemble and covers the lead role of Sheila.
Notable Roles.
2008: Miranda in "Betwixt! The musical", The King's Head Theatre, Islington [http://www.betwixtthemusical.com]
2006: Fiona in "Blondel" at the "Pleasance Theatre", Islington. 
Rice was personally involved in casting Finley following her appearance on "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?"
Previous roles include Annie in "Oklahoma!", Rizzo in "Grease", Blousey in "Bugsy Malone", Edith in "Pirates of Penzance", Calamity Jane in "Calamity Jane", and the Narrator in "Joseph".
Education.
She attended King David Yavneh school in Manchester, then earned a BA (honours) degree in English and Drama at the University of Leeds before going on to complete a Master's in Musical Theatre at the Central School of Speech and Drama.
Personal.
The singer and actress, originally from Prestwich, now resides in Finchley, London.
Her talent shone from a very early age when she starred in virtually every production that her high school in Manchester, King David Yavneh, put on. From there she went on to study for a degree in English and Drama at the University of Leeds, and her course led to her landing the title role in "Calamity Jane" and Annie in "Oklahoma!". She then studied for a master's degree at the Central School of Speech and Drama in London, where she appeared in productions including "A Winter's Tale" (as Paulina) and "Grease" (as Rizzo). This is where she met her best friend, Aoife Mulholland, who was also studying on the same course, and together they decided to audition for "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?". In her "Hello! Magazine" interview, Finley said, "Aoife and I thought we would make a big weekend of it BBC audition... we were like a couple of new kids holding hands in the big school playground."
On her time in "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?" Finley has said, "It was like a holiday camp and school trip rolled into one. We would sit around the lounge in the evenings watching reality TV and saying how much we hated it. We forgot we were doing it!" And on getting the leading role breaks after "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?", "I know it is a cliché, but honestly and truly I am living the dream, doing something I always wanted to do. I have to pinch myself sometimes. I am so lucky to be doing what I love doing on a daily basis – you can't ask for any more."

</doc>
<doc id="9895709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895709" title="Four Wants and One Without">
Four Wants and One Without

Four Wants and One Without or Four Yeses and One No (Chinese: 四要一沒有) is a policy proposed by the former president of the Republic of China (Taiwan), Chen Shui-bian, in a speech at a function of the Formosan Association for Public Affairs on March 4, 2007. The substance thereof is that:

</doc>
<doc id="9895718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895718" title="Ron Fellows (American football)">
Ron Fellows (American football)

Ronald Lee Fellows (born November 7, 1957 in South Bend, Indiana) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League, having played for the Dallas Cowboys and the Los Angeles Raiders.
Early years.
Fellows attended Washington High School, before moving on to play cornerback at Butler Community College. After receiving a scholarship from the University of Missouri, he was moved to wide receiver and led the Big Eight Conference in receiving with 587 yards on 33 receptions as a senior. 
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Fellows was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the 6th round of the 1981 NFL draft to play cornerback.
He started his career slow, not recording an interception during his first two seasons, but over the next four years, he had 17 interceptions, two of which were returned for touchdowns (1983 and 1986). He was also used as a kick and punt returner.
Fellows was part of an opportunistic Cowboys secondary that earned the nickname "Thurman's Thieves", because of the amount of plays and turnovers they generated. In 1985 he became the starter at right cornerback.
On August 2, 1987, after being involved in a contract holdout and with the Cowboys needing help at wide receiver, the team felt they had depth at cornerback after drafting of Ron Francis, so they traded him to the Los Angeles Raiders in exchange for Rod Barksdale.
Los Angeles Raiders.
Fellows was the team's nickel cornerback in 1987. He was waived before the start of the 1988 season, but was resigned when Terry McDaniel was lost for the year with a broken leg after the second game. He was the starter at left cornerback for the remaining games, but wasn't resigned at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9895721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895721" title="Warcop">
Warcop

Warcop is a village and civil parish in the Eden district of Cumbria, England. It is near the A66 road and is north of Kirkby Stephen. The local Church of England parish is St Columba's Church, Warcop.
Warcop had its own railway station, Warcop railway station from 1862, which closed in 1962. The station has now reopened as part of the Eden Valley Railway, which is reopening the line to Appleby-in-Westmorland.
The Ministry of Defence operates the Warcop Training Area in the country around Warcop, providing tank and infantry training.
In April 2014 Eden District Council approved plans for a clay lined slurry lagoon at Eastfield Farm, Warcop despite objections from nearby residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9895726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895726" title="The Message (EP)">
The Message (EP)

"The Message" is the first official release by Gibraltarian Flamenco Metal band Breed 77. It was recorded at Ripley Studios for Household Name Records.
It was released as a 3-Track EP and a limited amount of these were produced and this is now one of the hardest Breed 77 releases to get hold of.
All tracks written by Danny Felice & Paul Isola.
The line-up for this EP consisted of: Paul Isola, Danny Felice, Stuart Cavilla and Pete Chichone.

</doc>
<doc id="9895735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895735" title="Koulourakia">
Koulourakia

Kulurakia (, ; singular: κουλουράκι) are a traditional Greek dessert, typically made at Easter to be eaten after Holy Saturday.
They are a butter-based pastry, traditionally hand-shaped, with egg glaze on top. They have a sweet delicate flavor with a hint of vanilla.
Kulurakia are well known for their sprinkle of sesame seeds and distinctive ring shape. In fact, the word is the diminutive form for a ring-shaped loaf or lifebelt. These pastries were also often shaped like small snakes by the Minoans, as they worshiped the snake for its healing powers.
Now the pastries can be shaped into braided circles, hairpin twists, figure eights, twisted wreaths, horseshoes or Greek letters, although they are still often shaped into a snake style. They are commonly eaten with morning coffee or afternoon tea. Like all pastries, they are normally kept in dry conditions in a jar with a lockable lid.
Often, a clove is added in the middle of the pastry for added flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="9895740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895740" title="Junior Watson">
Junior Watson

Junior Watson (born Michael Watson) is an American jump blues guitarist and singer.
Career.
Watson is a West Coast blues guitarist. He was a founding member of the blues band The Mighty Flyers and, starting in the early 1980s, he performed with the band for a decade. He also performed with Canned Heat throughout the 1990s. Watson has performed as a backing musician in performances and recordings for a number of blues musicians, including Big Mama Thornton, George Smith, Jimmy Rogers, Luther Tucker, Charlie Musselwhite, John Németh, and Kim Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="9895752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895752" title="Vol. 1 (EP)">
Vol. 1 (EP)

"Vol. 1" is the second official release by Gibraltarian Flamenco metal band Breed 77. It was recorded at Hatch Farm on Org Records.
This is, much like The Message, another very rare and hard to find CD.
Tracks 1 and 2 were written by Danny Felice, Paul Isola and Pete Chichone. Tracks 3 and 4 were written by Danny Felice and Paul Isola.
The line-up for this EP consisted of: Paul Isola, Danny Felice, Charlie Gomez and Peter Chichone.

</doc>
<doc id="9895760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895760" title="List of churches in Hampshire">
List of churches in Hampshire

A list of churches and church buildings in Hampshire, England (including the unitary authorities of Southampton and Portsmouth) listed by borough:

</doc>
<doc id="9895775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895775" title="Glen Provost">
Glen Provost

Glen John Provost (9 August 1949) is the current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lake Charles since his episcopal ordination on 23 April 2007.
The bishop was born 9 August 1949 to Cyrus and Sadie Marie Blanchet Provost in Lafayette, Louisiana. He received a B.A. in English Literature from Saint Joseph Seminary College near Covington, Louisiana, in 1971, then went to live at the North American College in Rome in 1971. In 1974 he was awarded the Sacrae Theologiae Baccalaureum (Bachelor of Sacred Theology) from St. Thomas University and the Licentiate (licence to teach) in 1975. In 1981 he also earned a Master of Arts degree in English Literature from the University of Louisiana-Lafayette.
Continuing education includes work at L’Institute Catholique in Paris (1972: French language);the University of London (1980: Victorian language); Don Quichote Institute in Salmancia (1997: Spanish); Instututo Santa Maria, Rome (1971: Italian); and Archaeological study tours to Syria, Jordan and Turkey.
Bishop Provost was ordained to the priesthood for the Diocese of Lafayette by Pope Paul VI on 29 June 1975 in St. Peter’s Basilica in Vatican City.
He was consecrated a bishop on 23 April 2007, with Archbishop Alfred C. Hughes of New Orleans as principal celebrant. His installation brought to a close the two year 'sede vacante' the diocese experienced since Bishop Edward Kenneth Braxton was appointed Bishop of Belleville, Illinois, on 15 March 2005. On 26 December 2010 Bishop Provost celebrated Pontifical High Mass in the older (1960) form of the Roman Rite.
In addition to English, the bishop speaks French, Italian, and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="9895780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895780" title="Douglas Bell">
Douglas Bell

Douglas Bell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9895784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895784" title="1996 in Swedish football">
1996 in Swedish football

The 1996 season in Swedish football, starting January 1996 and ending December 1996:

</doc>
<doc id="9895798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895798" title="Pride Mobility">
Pride Mobility

Pride Mobility Products Corp. is the world's leader in the design and manufacture of mobility products, including power lift chairs and mobility scooters.
Product lines.
Evolving from an existing family business in 1986, Pride began focusing solely on the manufacture of power lift chairs. By 1992, Pride extended its product line to include scooters, with options and accessories.
Within 4 years, Pride entered the powered wheelchair market with the release of the "Jazzy" model with a mid-wheel drive. In time, Pride entered the rehab market with its Quantum division.
Pride product lines include the "Synergy Seating" cushion line, "TRU-Balance Power Positioning" systems, and the "Go-Go Travel Mobility Scooter" line.
Software Piracy.
In June 2007, Pride Mobility Products Corp. settled with the Business Software Alliance by paying a $380,000 for using unlicensed copies of Adobe, Autodesk, Microsoft, and Symantec software.

</doc>
<doc id="9895800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895800" title="Drug Discovery Today">
Drug Discovery Today

Drug Discovery Today is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Elsevier. It was established in 1996 and is published in 12 monthly double issues. The journal publishes reviews on all aspects of preclinical drug discovery from target identification and validation through hit identification, lead identification and optimisation to candidate selection.
In 2004, the "Drug Discovery Today" journal series expanded with the launch of four online-only review journals: "Drug Discovery Today: Disease Mechanisms, Drug Discovery Today: Disease Models, Drug Discovery Today: Therapeutic Strategies", and "Drug Discovery Today: Technologies". The four journals cover developments across the breadth of therapeutic areas and technologies relevant to the drug discovery and development pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="9895808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895808" title="Calvatia craniiformis">
Calvatia craniiformis

Calvatia craniiformis, commonly known as the brain puffball or the skull-shaped puffball, is a species of puffball fungus in the family Agaricaceae. It is found in Asia, Australia, and North America, where it grows on the ground in open woods. Its name, derived from the same Latin root as "cranium", alludes to its resemblance to an animal's brain. The skull-shaped fruit body is broad by tall and white to tan. Initially smooth, the skin (peridium) develops wrinkles and folds as it matures, cracking and flaking with age. The peridium eventually sloughs away, exposing a powdery yellow-brown to greenish-yellow spore mass (the gleba). The puffball is edible when the gleba is still white and firm, before it matures to become yellow-brown and powdery. Mature specimens have been used in the traditional or folk medicines of China, Japan, and the Ojibwe as a hemostatic or wound dressing agent. Several bioactive compounds have been isolated and identified from the brain puffball.
Taxonomy.
The species was first described as "Bovista craniiformis" by Lewis David de Schweinitz in 1832. Elias Fries transferred it to the then newly circumscribed genus "Calvatia" in 1849, setting "Calvatia craniiformis" as the type and only species. Scott Bates and colleagues suggest that the name is synonymous with "Lycoperdon delicatum" published by Miles Joseph Berkeley and Moses Ashley Curtis in 1873 (not the "L. delicatum" published by Berkeley in 1854), as is "Lycoperdon missouriense" published by William Trelease in 1891. The form "C. craniiformis" f. "gardneri", published by Yosio Kobayasi in 1932 (originally "Lycoperdon gardneri" Berk. 1875), since been elevated to the distinct species "Calvatia gardneri".
In their 1962 monograph on North American "Calvatia", mycologists Sanford Myron Zeller and Alexander H. Smith set "C. craniiformis" as the type species of the stirps (a grouping of related species) "Craniiformis", containing species with a large sterile base and a persistent cottony gleba. Other species they included in this stirps were "C. umbrina", "C. diguetti", "C. lycoperdoides", "C. rubroflava", "C. ochrogleba", "C. excipuliformis" (since transferred by some authorities to "Handkea"), and "C. elata".
"Calvatia craniiformis" is commonly known as the "brain-shaped puffball" or the "skull-shaped puffball". The specific epithet "craniiformis" derives from the Ancient Greek words "cranion", meaning "brain", and "forma", "a form".
Description.
The fruit bodies of "Calvatia craniiformis" grow to dimensions of tall by wide, and have a form ranging from pear-shaped, to flattened-spherical, to obovate (roughly egg-shaped), to tunicate (like an inverted cone). At the bottom is a thick, often crumpled base attached to a cord-like rhizomorph, which is often encrusted with surrounding soil. The rhizomorphs are well developed, and when cut into longitudinal section, reveal three distinct tissues: an outer cortex, a subcortical layer, and a central core. The thin and fragile exoperidium (the outer layer of "skin") is whitish-gray to gray, and initially smooth before becoming areolate (divided by cracks into discrete areas). The base extends up one-third to one-half way into the puffball (where it becomes the columnella) tapering to a point. The gleba is initially whitish, and then yellow-green, and finally brownish-green in older specimens with mature spores.
Spores are spherical, hyaline (translucent), and measure 2.5–3.4 μm in diameter. They are thick-walled with a short pedicel (a tubelike extension), and are ornamented with tiny spines (verrucae) that are roughly equidistant from each other. Capillitial threads are long, hyaline, and branched, measuring 2.4–4 μm thick. They are septate and occasionally have pits on their walls. The exoperidium comprises thick-walled, inflated hyphae mixed with sphaerocysts (spherical cells), while the endoperidium is made of tightly interwoven, thick-walled hyphae. In the rhizomorphs, the hyphae in the central core are several times as thick as those in the surrounding subcortex.
Using light microscopy, the spores of "Calvatia craniiformis" are generally indistinguishable from those of "C. rubroflava" and "C. gigantea"; electron microscopy reveals that each has distinctive spore ornamentation. "C. craniiformis" features small, well-separated verrucae (wartlike projections) up to 0.2 μm tall with rounded tips. In comparison, "C. gigantea" has larger verrucae (up to 0.4 μm tall) that are more irregularly arranged.
Development.
Fruit bodies arise from the tips or the lateral branches or rhizomorphs. New fruit bodies are made of an exterior of thick hyphae similar to those found in the rhizomorph core; in contrast, the hyphae of the interior originate from the puffball's core. Unlike some other puffball species, the peridium does not differentiate into a distinct exoperidium and endoperidium; rather, the outer layer develops the features of a pseudoparenchyma (a tightly organised tissue where the tightly packed cells resemble plant parenchyma) as the radial and tangential hyphae become interweaved. In time, the peridium dries and falls off in flakes to expose the underlying gleba.
Similar species.
The brain-like surface folds and mature olive-brown gleba are characteristic of "Calvatia craniiformis", but younger puffballs that have not yet developed these characteristics may be difficult to identify to species. Another edible puffball, "C. cyathiformis" (lilac puffball) grows to similar dimensions but has gleba that is purple-brown when mature. "Calvatia fragilis" is smaller and pink or purple mature gleba. "C. bicolor" is a smaller, rounder puffball that could be confused with younger specimens of "C. craniiformis", but the former species has more coarsely ornamented spores, and lacks a distinct subgleba. "Handkea utriformis" is roughly similar in appearance to "C. craniiformis", but unlike the latter it develops a cavernous opening to reveal an olive-brown gleba, and has distinct slits in its capillitial threads.
Uses.
"Calvatia craniiformis" is an edible species. Young puffballs with a firm, white gleba have a mild odor and pleasant taste. Early 20th-century mycologist Charles McIlvaine noted over a century ago that "the slightest change to yellow makes it bitter." Versatile in cooking, the puffball absorbs flavors well.
In the United States, the Ojibwe used the powdery gleba as a hemostatic agent to staunch the flow of nosebleeds: the spore powder was inhaled through the nostrils. It is now known that this practice can lead to the pulmonary disease lycoperdonosis, which causes symptoms similar to pneumonia. It is also used as a hemostatic agent in Chinese and Japanese folk medicines.
Habitat and distribution.
Although "Calvatia craniiformis" is generally considered a saprobic species, in controlled laboratory conditions, an ectomycorrhizae between the fungus and American sweetgum ("Liquidambar styraciflua") was reported in a 1966 publication. A Chinese study showed that "C. craniifromis" would readily form mycorrhiza with poplar seedlings on unsterilized, but not on sterilized soil. Later research was unable to establish any similar association between "C. craniiformis" and "Pinus ponderosa". Brain puffballs grow singly or in groups in fields and open woods, hardwood forests, and wet areas. In Asia, it has been recorded from China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, and South Korea. The brain puffball has been recorded from Australia. In North America, its range includes the eastern and southern United States, and Mexico. In Michigan, it is one of the few macrofungi found regularly in black locust plantations. Fruit bodies serve as a food source for several species of flies.
Research.
Extracts of the puffball have strong antitumor activity in mouse models attributable to protein-bound polysaccharides, the compounds calvatan, craniformin, and a tautomer of rubroflavin. Calvatan is thought to act by stimulating the immune response, rather than by killing cells. Craniformin, originally reported in 1997, is an azoformamide compound. Three sterol compounds have been identified from the fungus: ergosta-4,6,8(14), 22-tetraene-3-one, ergosta-7,22-diene-3-ol, and ergosterol peroxide.
Three azo- and azoxyformamides compounds have been isolated and identified from the puffball and tested for their ability to inhibit the growth of plants: 4-methoxybenzene-1-"ONN"-azoxyformamide, 4-methoxybenzene-1-azoform-amide, and 4-hydroxybenzene-1-azoformamide. Only the first compound was significantly inhibitory, suggesting that the presence of the azoxy moiety is required for growth inhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="9895813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895813" title="Cyclin D/Cdk4">
Cyclin D/Cdk4

The Cyclin D/Cdk4 complex is a compound structure of Cyclin D and Cdk4, regulated by the GATA-1 transcription factor.

</doc>
<doc id="9895821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895821" title="Hani (god)">
Hani (god)

Hani is a minor god in Akkadian mythology, one of the attendants of the storm-god Adad.

</doc>
<doc id="9895830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895830" title="Indian Reserve (1763)">
Indian Reserve (1763)

The Indian Reserve is a historical term for a largely uncolonized area in North America ceded by France to Britain following the French and Indian War, set aside in the Royal Proclamation of 1763 for use by American Indians, who already inhabited it.
In present-day United States, it consisted of all the territory north of Florida and New Orleans that was east of the Mississippi River and west of the Eastern Continental Divide in the Appalachian Mountains that formerly comprised the eastern half of Louisiana (New France). In modern Canada, it consisted of all the land immediately north of the Great Lakes but south of Rupert's Land belonging to the Hudson's Bay Company, as well as a buffer between the Province of Quebec (1763–1791) and Rupert's Land stretching from Lake Nipissing to Newfoundland.
Most of the ceded territory had been claimed earlier by France, but the claim was ceded in the Treaty of Paris (1763) that ended the French and Indian War/Seven Years' War. In the Proclamation of 1763, George III organized on paper much of the new territorial gains in three colonies in North America—East Florida, West Florida, and Quebec. The rest of the expanded British territory was left to American Indians. The delineation of the Eastern Divide, following the Allegheny Ridge of the Appalachians, confirmed the limit to British settlement established at the 1758 Treaty of Easton, before Pontiac's War.
According to the royal proclamation, all European settlers in the territory (who were mostly French) were supposed to leave the territory or get official permission to stay. Many of the settlers moved to New Orleans and the French land on the west side of the Mississippi (particularly St. Louis), which in turn had been ceded secretly to Spain to become Louisiana (New Spain). However, many of the settlers remained and the British did not actively attempt to evict them.
In 1768, lands west of the Alleghenies and south of the Ohio were ceded to the colonies by the Cherokee at the Treaty of Hard Labour and by the Six Nations at the Treaty of Fort Stanwix. However, several other Indian nations, particularly Shawnee and Mingo, continued to inhabit and claim their lands that had been sold to the British by other tribes. This conflict led to Dunmore's War in 1774, ended by the Treaty of Camp Charlotte where these tribes agreed to accept the Ohio River as the new boundary. 
Restrictions on settlement were to become a flash point in the American Revolutionary War, following the Henderson Purchase of much of Kentucky from the Cherokee in 1775. The renegade Cherokee chief Dragging Canoe did not agree to the sale, nor did the Royal Government in London, which forbade settlement in this region. As an act of Revolution in defiance of the crown, white pioneer settlers began pouring into Kentucky in 1776, opposed by Dragging Canoe in the Chickamauga Wars, which continued until 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="9895860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895860" title="Mango Kiss">
Mango Kiss

Mango Kiss is a 2004 US comedy film written and directed by Sascha Rice. The movie is a love story between two lesbian friends, Lou and Sassafras. It is based on the play "Bermuda Triangles", written by Sarah Brown. The story for the play was based on the playwright's experience living within the lesbian subculture found in San Francisco in the 1990s.
Plot.
Lou falls in love with her best friend Sassafras, who doesn't know. In order to bring their careers as performance artists forward, they move to San Francisco, where they get into the BDSM scene. Soon they start a princess/daddy role-play: Lou plays out a Sea Captain Daddy role and Sass takes on a brat princess.

</doc>
<doc id="9895872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895872" title="Puritan Reformed Theological Seminary">
Puritan Reformed Theological Seminary

The Puritan Reformed Theological Seminary (PRTS) is a conservative Calvinist seminary located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The seminary's publishing house, Reformation Heritage Books, operates within PRTS and has a bookstore on-site.
In February 2014, PRTS became fully accredited by the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9895876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895876" title="Kenneth Gant">
Kenneth Gant

Kenneth Dwayne Gant (born April 18, 1967)
is a retired American professional football athlete. He played the safety position while in the National Football League teams Dallas Cowboys and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. His nickname with the Cowboys was "The Shark". On the field, Gant had most of his impact on special teams. However, Cowboys fans remember him mostly for his celebratory antics—namely, The Shark Dance. 
Early life and education.
Gant was born in Bartow, Florida. He attended high school at Kathleen High School in Lakeland, Florida.
Afterwards, he attended Albany State University in Georgia, where he was a stand-out athlete. He played college football for the school's team. 
Professional athletic career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Gant was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the 9th round of the 1990 NFL draft. During training camp he was tried at cornerback, but the team eventually moved him to safety. As a rookie, he quickly became one of the best players in the special teams unit. 
In 1991, he led the Cowboys special teams with 25 tackles. By 1992 he was a key component of the team's nickel defense, that led the NFL in preventing third-down conversions, allowing opponents a conversion rate of 27.2 percent. He also tied for the team lead in interceptions with 3. Gant was a member of the Cowboys Super Bowl XXVII and Super Bowl XXVIII championship teams. He was nicknamed The Shark. During the 1992 season, before every Cowboys kickoff and after making big plays, Gant would perform a celebratory dance and/or pantomime dubbed The Shark Dance. Typically, Gant would strut around, flapping his elbows while holding his hand over his head to simulate a shark's dorsal fin.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
In 1995 he signed as an unrestricted free agent with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to improve their special teams and nickel defense. Gant finished his career after three seasons with the Buccaneers, playing in a total of 113 games over 8 seasons in the NFL. He had 7 career interceptions.
Personal life.
According to a follow-up article about Gant, he was married and has two children. According to the 2011 article, he and his family resided in Tampa, Florida, where he worked at a warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="9895884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895884" title="House of Limburg-Stirum">
House of Limburg-Stirum

The house of Limburg-Stirum, which adopted its name in the 12th century from the sovereign county of Limburg an der Lenne in what is now Germany, descends from the Ezzonen dynasty in the 9th century, making it one of the oldest families in Europe.
The Limburg-Stirum were semi-sovereign counts within the Holy Roman Empire, until they were mediatised in 1806 by the Confederation of the Rhine. Although of undisputedly sovereign male-line descent from the Ezzonens, they were omitted from the Almanach de Gotha because the branches of the family possessing mediatised lands were extinct by the time (1815) that the Congress of Vienna established the German Confederation's obligation to recognise their dynastic status.
Since the 9th century, the family counted five Counts Palatine of Lotharingia, several Dukes of Westphalia, Bavaria, Carinthia and Swabia, seven Archbishops of Cologne, one Prince-Bishop of Speyer, more than ten Bishops in the Holy Roman Empire, and at least two Saints of the Catholic Church (Saint Richenza, celebrated on 21 March, and Saint Engelbert of Cologne, celebrated on 7 November).
The territorial authority of the family, counts of Berg since 1077, counts of Altena and Isenberg then counts of Limburg since 1246, was significantly reduced following the opposition of Frederick II, Count of Isenberg to the aggression of his cousin, the Archbishop of Cologne, Engelbert II of Berg, leading to the murder of the latter. A junior line, the Counts van den Marck, later rose in importance as dukes of Cleves, Jülich and Berg, dukes of Nevers and Bouillon, counts of Schleiden, etc.
Today's members are mostly found in Belgium and The Netherlands.
History.
The Ezzonian Dynasty.
The Ezzonen appear in the chronicles with Erenfried I (866-904), count of the Bliesgau, Keldachgau and Bonngau (maybe also count of Charmois). Probably he had Carolingian ancestors, although some historians prefer to link him to former Thuringian kings.
The Ezzonian dynasty (named after count palatine Ezzo) were the Counts Palatine of Lotharingia during the 10th and 11th century. They are considered important royal representatives in the region of the Middle and Lower Rhine. In spite of their military accomplishments in favour of the German emperors, the Ezzonians did not succeed in building a territorial entity in Lotharingia. During a limited period, they were assigned however the duchies of Swabia, Bavaria and Carinthia.
Famous members of the dynasty are:
The surviving line of the Ezzonen descends from Adolf I of Lotharingia, son of Hermann I "Pusillus", Count palatine of Lotharingia.
Counts of Berg.
Adolf I of Lotharingia grandson, Adolf I of Berg, Vogt of Werden Abbey, became the first Count of Berg in 1050. The Counts of Berg became the most powerful dynasty in the Rhine region. Early rulers of Berg were:
Counts of Altena and Isenberg.
Eberhard IV of Berg, son of Adolf IV of Berg and Altena, inherited the eastern territorium of County of Berg. With him, the oldest line of the Counts of Berg takes from 1166 the name and title of Counts of Altena (on the Lenne, Westphalia). Eberhard's territorium was later divided between his two sons:
The murder: from Isenberg to Limburg.
Frederick II, Count of Isenberg was a leading figure in the opposition of Westphalian nobles to the aggressive power politics of his cousin, the Archbishop of Cologne, Engelbert II of Berg. In 1225 at the Nobles' Assembly in Soest, Frederick met his cousin Engelbert von Berg in order to bring about a peaceful agreement concerning the stewardship ("Vogtei") of the Abbey of Essen, which Frederick, according to contemporary complaints, was abusing to his own benefit and to the detriment of the Abbey. No conclusion was reached. During their return together from Soest to Cologne, Count Frederick arranged an ambush on his cousin, in a sunken lane of the early medieval historic road from Dortmund to Cologne near Gevelsberg in the late afternoon of 7 November 1225: the Archbishop was killed.
There is no consensus as to whether it was a deliberately planned murder, or whether the Archbishop was killed in the heat of combat. Current research assumes the latter: Engelbert was intended to have been taken into "knightly detention" so that the political demands of the opposing nobility could be pushed through. This was in accordance with the customs of the medieval feuding ethos.
Frederick of Isenberg was outlawed and excommunicated. He was stripped of all offices and stewardships and his entire personal wealth was confiscated. In the winter of 1225/1226 the new Archbishop of Cologne, Heinrich von Müllenark, besieged and destroyed his castle. His cousin, Adolf von der Mark, was attributed large portions of Frederick's possessions and as such re-united the former territory of Altena.
Frederick travelled with his brothers Dietrich and Engelbert, bishops of Münster and Osnabrück (both also implicated in the death of the Archbishop), and the notary of Isenberg with the necessary documents to the Curia in Rome, in order to have the excommunication lifted. On the return journey Frederick was taken prisoner at Liège and sold for 2,100 silver marks to the chapter of Cologne cathedral. On 14 November 1226 he was executed in front of the Severin Gate. His arms and legs were smashed and he was broken on the wheel, after which he was displayed on a stone pillar. He did not die until the next day.
His son Count Dietrich I of Isenberg, disinherited of all his territories in the Holy Roman Empire following the execution of his father, later fought with the military support of his uncle the Duke of Limburg, to retrieve his paternal inheritance. On 1 May 1243 a peace agreement was signed between Dietrich and Count Adolf von der Mark. He built the castles of Limburg (Hohenlimburg) and Neu Isenberg (soon lost in favour of the Counts von der Mark) and from 1246 took the title of Count of Limburg. Later, Dietrich's second son Johann gained ownership of Mülheim an der Ruhr and thereby of the castle of Styrum and took up residence there.
16th to 18th century.
Count Georg of Limburg-Styrum married in 1539 Irmgarde of Wisch, Lady of Wisch op Oud-Wisch, Wildenborch, Overhagen and Lichtenvoorde, hereditary countess von Bronckhorst. She inherited the possessions of her uncle, the last count of Bronckhorst and Borculo. Her considerable possessions passed to her son Hermann Georg of Limburg, and the family settled in Gelderland. His grandson, Jobst of Limburg-Styrum, married Maria of Holstein-Pinneberg, heir of the immediate lordship of Gemen and Illereichen. Gemen stayed for two centuries to the Counts of Limburg Stirum.
His son Herman Otto I, count of Limburg and Bronckhorst, sovereign lord zu Gemen, served in the armies of the Dutch Republic. He commanded Christian of Brunswick's rearguard at the Battle of Stadtlohn (1623) and the Dutch cavalry at the Siege of Groenlo (1627).
In 1644, the three sons of Herman Otto I divided the family possessions between themselves:
Limburg Bronckhorst.
Otto of Limburg obtained the territories of Bronckhorst and Borculo. He founded the older line, still alive today.
In the long conflict (known as the "Borculo question") between the heirs of the last count of Limburg-Bronckhorst, Joost (deceased in 1553 without children), and the Prince-Bishop of Münster over ownership of Borculo, the Court of Gelderland ruled on 20 December 1615 in favour of count Joost van Limburg and Bronkhorst. The ruling was imposed by troops from Zutphen, taking over the castle and city of Lichtenvoorde in December 1615, and the castle and city of Borculo in February 1616 after short combat. Prince Bishop Christoph Bernhard von Galen, tried again twice to keep Borculo under Münster's authority, but without success.
The lordship of Bronckhorst was sold in 1721 by Maria of Limburg Styrum. In 1726 was the lordship of Borculo sold by count Leopold to the count of Flodorf.
Limburg Stirum Gemen.
Adolf Ernst of Limburg Stirum obtained the immediate lordship of Gemen and Illereichen in the partition in 1644 and ruled it until his death in 1657. He founded the line of Limburg Stirum Gemen. In 1782, with extinction of Gemen branch of the House of Limburg Stirum, Gemen was inherited by the line of Limburg Stirum Iller-Aicheheim
In 1806, Gemen was mediatized to the Princes of Salm-Kyrburg. It passed to France in 1810, then to Prussia in 1814.
Limburg Styrum.
Moritz of Limburg-Styrum obtained the ownership of Mülheim an der Ruhr and thereby of the immediate lordship of Styrum, and later Oberstein. Here he founded the line of counts of Limburg-Styrum-Styrum, extinct in 1809. Moritz later also became hereditary banneret of the Principality of Guelders and of the County of Zutphen. He married his cousin Maria Bernhardine of Limburg and Bronckhorst.
In the mediatisation of 1806, Styrum came under control of the Grand Duchy of Berg. The last count of Limburg-Styrum-Styrum, Ernst (deceased on 23 March 1809) in his will donated Styrum to the sister of his wife: Maria Margaretha von Humbracht, who sold it in 1825. Oberstein was mediatized at the Treaty of Lunéville in 1801, however Ernst was never compensated by the Final Recess in 1803.
Mediatization.
The Limburg Stirum held seats in the Holy Roman Empire's Imperial Diet until 1800, through their possessions of immediate lordships in Gemen, Oberstein, Styrum, etc.
When the branch of Gemen became extinct in 1800, the branch of Styrum failed to inherit their rights and possessions, and the sovereignty of Gemen passed to the barons of Boyneburg-Bömelberg. In 1806 the Confederation of the Rhine occurred and Gemen was mediatized (hence making the barons of Boyneburg-Bömelberg the only barons together with the Bentincks to be mediatized).
At the same moment Limburg-Styrum-Styrum was mediatized to the Grand Duchy of Berg. This branch became extinct three years later in 1809. Since the German Confederation officially confirmed the mediatized status in 1829, the Limburg Stirum are often left away from the section of sovereign houses of the Almanach de Gotha. Nevertheless, the family should be considered a mediatized family of sovereign monarchs and should carry the title of "Erlaucht".
19th century until today.
The titles of the House of Limburg Stirum were confirmed in 1812 by Napoleon and in 1814 the family was recognised in the nobility of the Kingdom of the Netherlands (name: "van" Limburg Stirum). Members of the House of Limburg Stirum are recognized as sovereign Counts of the Holy Roman Empire.
Notable figures in recent history are:

</doc>
<doc id="9895890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895890" title="Lobster (disambiguation)">
Lobster (disambiguation)

A Lobster is a clawed marine crustacean.
Lobster may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9895897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895897" title="Pollution in China">
Pollution in China

Pollution is one aspect of the broader topic of environmental issues in China. Various forms of pollution have increased as China has industrialized, which has caused widespread environmental and health problems. According to the World Bank in 2007, 16 of the world's 20 most polluted cities are in China.
Types of pollution.
Waste.
The small level of "environmental awareness" has hindered the development of proper recycling systems in China's cities as the amount of waste increases.
Beginning from June 1, 2008, all supermarkets, department stores and shops throughout the entire country of China are prohibited from giving out free plastic bags. Stores must clearly mark the price of plastic shopping bags and are banned from adding that price onto the price of products. The production, sale and use of ultra-thin plastic bags - those less than 0.025 millimeters, or 0.00098 inches, thick - are also banned. The State Council called for "a return to cloth bags and shopping baskets." This ban, however, does not include the widespread use of paper shopping bags at clothing stores or the use of plastic bags at restaurants for takeout food. Since the ban, ten percent fewer plastic bags have been thrown away.
River exploitation and deforestation.
In 2008, China began an era of infrastructure and real estate construction campaign. Rivers are often exploited for soil and rock. To do this, trees and grassland along a given river is cleared, then the riverbed is deepened by a few dozen meters. The river is usually littered with numerous small deep lakes and sand/rock heaps. The ground water level can easily be reduced by 5 meters in nearby villages. Excavators and crushers work all day and night kicking up dust and making noise pollution a problem. Factories may dump their chemical emissions into river, or inject it into the groundwater. This practice is so widespread that many rivers in northern China are dry, with many rivers in southern China being polluted to the point of toxicity. The complete ruin of rivers and forests in many parts of China underscores the current severe pollution. Youth in China are beginning to show their resentment towards mistreatment of the environment, accompanied by an exodus of wealthy Chinese. It is unknown whether the latter is caused by environmental problems on a large scale.
Electronic waste.
In 2011, China produced 2.3 million tons of electronic waste, second largest in the world. The annual amount is expected to increase as the Chinese economy grows. Large amounts of electronic waste are imported from overseas, as well. Disassembly and processing of electronic waste can create jobs and recycle valuable materials but also harm humans and the environment by releasing pollutants. Legislation banning importation and requiring proper disposal of indigenous waste as well as providing for governmental subsides for proper disposal has recently been introduced but has been criticized as insufficient and susceptible to fraud. There have been local successes, such as in the city of Tianjin where 38,000 tonnes were disposed of properly in 2010, but much electronic waste is improperly handled.
Guiyu may have one of the world's largest electronic waste sites. The electronic waste in Guiyu and recycling operations have created many jobs but also many health and environmental problems.
Industrial pollution.
In 1997, the World Bank issued a report by Susmita et al. targeting China's policy towards industrial pollution. The report stated that "hundreds of thousands of premature deaths and incidents of serious respiratory illness been caused by exposure to industrial air pollution. Seriously contaminated by industrial discharges, many of China's waterways are largely unfit for direct human use". However, environmental regulations and industrial reforms had had some effect. Continued environmental reforms were likely to have a large effect at a modest cost.
Joseph Kahn and Jim Yardley of the New York Times in a 2007 article about China's pollution problem stated that "Environmental degradation is now so severe, with such stark domestic and international repercussions, that pollution poses not only a major long-term burden on the Chinese public but also an acute political challenge to the ruling Communist Party." Main points from the article included:
A draft of a 2007 combined World Bank and SEPA report stated that up to 760,000 people died prematurely each year in China because of air and water pollution. High levels of air pollution in China's cities caused to 350,000-400,000 premature deaths. Another 300,000 died because of indoor air of poor quality. There were 60,000 premature deaths each year because of water of poor quality. Chinese officials asked that some of results should not be published in order to avoid social unrest.
China has achieved some improvements in environmental protection during the recent years. According to the World Bank, 'China is one of a few countries in the world that have been rapidly increasing their forest cover. It is managing to reduce air and water pollution.
Vennemo et al. in a 2009 literature review in "Review of Environmental Economics and Policy" noted the wide discrepancy between the reassuring view in some Chinese official publications and the exclusively negative view in some Western sources such as the above NYT article. The review stated that "although China is starting from a point of grave pollution, it is setting priorities and making progress that resemble what occurred in industrialized countries during their earlier stages of development." Environmental trends were described as uneven. Quality of surface water in the south of China was improving and particle emissions were stable. But NO2 emissions were increasing rapidly and SO2 emissions had been increasing before decreasing the last year (2007) for which data was available.
Water pollution.
The water resources of China are affected by both severe water quantity shortages and severe water quality pollution. An increasing population and rapid economic growth as well as lax environmental oversight have increased water demand and pollution. In response, China has taken measures such as rapidly building out the water infrastructure and increased regulation as well as exploring a number of further technological solutions.
Air pollution.
Zhong Nanshan, the president of the China Medical Association, in 2012 warned that air pollution could become the biggest health threat. Lung cancer and cardiovascular disease were increasing because of factory and vehicle air pollution and tobacco smoking. Lung cancer was two to three times more common in cities than in the countryside despite similar rates of tobacco smoking. Zhong stated that while transparency had increased in recent years much more information was needed and called for detailed epidemiological research. He questioned official data stating that air pollution was decreasing. Until recently the governmental air quality index did not include ozone and PM2.5 despite being the most dangerous to human health. Measurements in January 2013 showed levels of air pollution, as measured by the density of particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometres in size, was literally off the chart – higher than the maximum 755 μg the US Embassy's equipment can measure. Smog from mainland China has reached as far as California.
Sulfur dioxide emissions increased until 2006 after which they began to decline. This has been accompanied by improvements on several related variables such as the frequency of acid rains and satellite measurements of aerosol optical depth. This is likely mainly due to adoption of sulfur reducing technology by power plants.
Large scale use of formaldehyde in construction and furniture also contribute to indoor air pollution.
Particulates.
According to the World Bank, the cities with the highest levels of particulate matter in the PRC in 2004 of those studied were Tianjin, Chongqing, and Shenyang. In 2012 stricter air pollution monitoring of ozone and PM2.5 were ordered to be gradually implemented so that by 2015 all but the smallest cities would be included. State media acknowledged the role of environmental campaigners in causing this change. On one micro-blog service more than a million mostly positive comments were posted in less than 24 hours although some wondered if the standards would be effectively enforced.
The US embassy in Beijing regularly posts automated air quality measurements at . On 18 November 2010, the feed described the PM2.5 measurement as "crazy bad" after registering a reading in excess of 500 for the first time. This description was later changed to "beyond index", a level which recurred in February, October, and December 2011.
In June 2012, following strongly divergent disclosures of particulate levels between the Observatory and the US Embassy, Chinese authorities asked foreign consulates to stop publishing "inaccurate and unlawful" data. Controversy arose when U.S. Embassy declared Beijing air as “very unhealthy” on 5 June; underlying data showed 199 micrograms of particulate matter. In contrast, readings from the Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau declared Beijing air as “good”; its data showed levels between 51 and 79 micrograms for the corresponding period. Officials said it was "not scientific to evaluate the air quality of an area with results gathered from just only one point inside that area", and asserted that official daily average PM2.5 figures for Beijing and Shanghai were "almost the same with the results published by foreign embassies and consulates".
By January 2013 the pollution had worsened with official Beijing data showing an average figure over 300 and readings of up to 700 at individual recording stations while the US Embassy recorded over 755 on January 1 and 800 by January 12.
On October 21, 2013, record smog closed the Harbin Airport along with all schools in the area. Daily particulate levels of more than 50 times the World Health Organisation recommended daily level were reported in parts of the municipality.
Lead.
Lead poisoning was in a 2001 paper described as one of the most common pediatric health problems in China. A 2006 review of existing data suggested that one-third of Chinese children suffer from elevated blood lead levels. Pollution from metal smelters and a fast growing battery industry has been responsible for most cases of particularly high levels. In 2011, there were riots in the Zhejiang Haijiu Battery Factory from angry parents whose children received permanent neurological damage from lead poisoning. The central government has acknowledged the problem and have taken measures such as suspending battery factories but some see the response as inadequate and some local authorities have tried to silence criticisms.
A literature review of academic studies on Chinese children's blood lead levels found that the lead levels declined when comparing the studies published during 1995-2003 and 2004-2007 periods. Lead levels also showed a declining trend after China banned lead in gasoline in 2000. Lead levels were still higher than those in developed nations. Industrial areas had higher levels than suburban areas that had higher levels than urban. Controlling and preventing lead poisoning was described as a long term mission.
Persistent organic pollutants.
China is a signatory nation of the Stockholm Convention, a treaty to control and phase out major persistent organic pollutants (POP). A plan of action for 2010 includes objectives such as eliminating production, import and use of the pesticides covered under the convention, as well as an accounting system for PCB containing equipment. For 2015, China plans to establish an inventory of POP contaminated sites and remediation plans. Since May 2009, this treaty also covers polybrominated diphenyl ethers and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid. Perfluorinated compounds are associated with altered thyroid function and decreased sperm count in humans. It is a big challenge for China to control and eliminate POPs, since they often are cheaper than their alternatives, or they are unintentionally produced and then simply released into the environment to save on treatment costs.
Dust.
The Yellow Dust or Asian dust is a seasonal dust cloud which affects North East Asia during late winter and springtime. The dust originates in the deserts of Mongolia, northern China and Kazakhstan where high-speed surface winds and intense dust storms kick up dense clouds of fine, dry soil particles. These clouds are then carried eastward by prevailing winds and pass over Northern China into Korea and Japan.
Desertification has intensified in China, as 1,740,000 km² of land is "dry", it disrupts the lives of 400 million people and causes direct economic losses of 54 billion yuan ($7 billion) a year, SFA figures show. Sulfur (an acid rain component), soot, ash, carbon monoxide, and other toxic pollutants including heavy metals (such as mercury, cadmium, chromium, arsenic, lead, zinc, copper) and other carcinogens, often accompany the dust storms, as well as viruses, bacteria, fungi, pesticides, antibiotics, asbestos, herbicides, plastic ingredients, combustion products as well as hormone mimicking phthalates.
Other pollutants.
In 2010 49 employees at Wintek were poisoned by n-hexane in the manufacturing of touchscreens for Apple products.
Portions of the country's rice supply were tainted with the toxic metal cadmium.
Economic costs of pollution.
A 2006 Chinese green gross domestic product estimate stated that pollution in 2004 cost 3.05% of the nation's economy.
A 2007 World Bank and SEPA report estimated the cost of water and air pollution in 2003 to 2.68% or 5.78% of GDP depending on if using a Chinese or a Western method of calculation.
A 2009 review stated a range of 2-10% of GDP.
A 2012 study stated that pollution had little effect on economic growth which in China's case was largely dependent on physical capital expansion and increased energy consumption due to the dependency on manufacturing and heavy industries. China was predicted to continue to grow using energy-inefficient and polluting industries. While growth may continue, the rewards of this growth may be opposed by the harm from the pollution unless environmental protection is increased.
Pollution ratings.
As of 2004:

</doc>
<doc id="9895916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895916" title="Hayasum">
Hayasum

Hayasum is a minor god in Sumerian, Babylonian, and Akkadian mythology. He is known from texts, but his function is uncertain.
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9895927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895927" title="Dean Joanisse">
Dean Joanisse

Dean Joanisse (born December 8, 1971 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian curler.
Career.
Joanisse is most notable for skipping his British Columbia team to a Canadian Junior Curling Championships in 1989, qualifying him to represent Canada at the 1990 World Junior Curling Championships. At the World Juniors, he lost to Peja Lindholm's team from Sweden in the bronze medal final.
Joanisse also skipped two teams to the Brier. At the 2001 Nokia Brier his team finished with a 4-7 record. He would make the Brier again in 2007. 
Joanisse's profession is a curling artist.

</doc>
<doc id="9895935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895935" title="Lucinda Davis">
Lucinda Davis

Lucinda Davis (near 1848-after 1937) was a slave who grew up in the Creek Indian culture. She spoke the Muskogee Creek language fluently. The main information source was from an interview in the summer of 1937, at which time she was guessed to be 89 years old. Lucinda's parents were owned by two different Creek Indians. Being enslaved so young without her parents, she never found out her birthplace, nor the time of her birth. Her parents were both African slaves who sold her close to her birth, because they left their own masters either by running away or buying back their freedom. When Lucinda's parents left, her mother's master sold her to Tuskaya-hiniha. Lucinda was brought up in the Creek family she was sold to.
Tuskaya-hiniha.
"Tuskaya-hiniha" means "head man warrior"; he farmed and sold corn from his good-sized farm. The farm was about north of the Elk River and south of Fort Gibson in what is now Oklahoma. Shortly before the American Civil War, Lucinda's master became blind, which led many of his slaves to run away. Lucinda remained with her master throughout the war and even after she was freed, because she was young and had no prospects. Tuskaya-hiniha initially bought Lucinda so she could look after the baby in the family. The baby wasn't old enough to have a name, so for the time being they all called him "Istilusti", which means "little man". The naming of boys was important in the Creeks' culture.
Creek Indian traditions and culture.
Tuskaya-hiniha's house was log with a dirt floor and a bush roof. All the food was eaten and cooked in the yard in big pots. One of the dishes made was sofki. First, corn would be pounded very fine, then it would be poured into water, then the skin would be drained off. After that, the grits would be soaked and boiled and left to stand, at which point it is ready to serve. Sometimes they would put pounded hickory meats into the sofki. This particular meal was made in large portions, and anyone who was hungry was allowed some. If there were guests, they too were allowed as much as they wanted; in fact, it was expected for them to do so. If they didn't, Tuskaya-hiniha would be mad.
Dances.
The dances were different types of "banga". For instance, there is the chicken dance which is called "Tolosabanga". The "Istifanibanga" is where every one dresses up, then they pretend they’re skeletons and "raw heads" who are coming to get you. The next dance could have been one of the ritual dances, but it sounds more as though Lucinda was young and didn't know reckless partying. This dance is known as the "drunk dance", none of the good people dance to this one. Those who do dance, fumble around "wrasslin' and huggin'" and they sing about going over to sleep at someone else's house, then shout "We aren't wrong because we are drunk and don't know what we are doing" and such. The really bad ones go off into the woods. This action angered the good people, to the point where some to the people had killings over it. One time the husband or father of a woman, who went to the woods with a man, got beaten and the rims of her ears sliced off. It was said to be a rumor, but Lucinda was brushing a girl's hair one time and saw her ears were mostly gone.
Slavery.
The way the Creeks treated slaves was considered a much different and kinder form of slavery than the way the white Americans, Cherokee, or Choctaw went about it. Families could work under different slave owners and did not have to live on the same property as who they worked for. The slaves worked quite hard and were paid, but had to give most of their pay to their owners, being allowed to keep a small amount. Lucinda was treated as a family member and did her duties. Her responsibility was taking care of the baby, amongst being an extra had for cleaning and cooking here and there. She was not beaten or disrespected. It was understood what was needed of her and she followed along.
More of her life.
She was an eyewitness to the Battle of Honey Springs that occurred near her home in the summer of 1864. Honey Springs was down "the road" (the main, big dirt road her master took to trade corn and get clothing) to the closest trade town. By this time Tuskaya-hiniha was blind and most of his slaves had run off. One morning, before the sun rose, Lucinda was with the baby boy pushing him on the swing, and a man on a horse ran over the hill calling the battle cry to warn all of what was coming. Tuskaya-hiniha heard it, and the family (including Lucinda and the remaining slaves) quickly readied the important necessities—meats, pots, corn and blankets—which they loaded into a wagon and went on their way. The rainy weather was not helpful as it resulted in mud and the family had to pull off and wait it out. While they waited, Confederate soldiers passed their way with big guns. The Yankees burned down most of Honey Springs. The night passed with the lullaby of gun fire, then they headed back home the next day. Upon arrival, they found their chickens and hogs were undisturbed and everything else to be fine; apparently the soldiers had no time to take a thing.
The war wasn't over yet, and the family packed up and moved on to be out of danger. The road was filled with wagons, and the rain began once again. The wagons traveled in packs, and when one pack ran into the other because of the muddy, rutted road, the people would put all the horses and mules together and pull the wagon out. Not only was the road muddy, but it was rutted in a bad way from the trampling of many marching soldiers. During the nights, there would be group meals; all the women and slaves gathered and cooked the food in large pots. The men were so worn-out and hungry that by the time they were through eating, there wasn't any food left for the women and slaves.
The family traveled north, and Canada became the destination. They arrived, but there were no free houses or hospitalities that weren't already taken up by the soldiers; there weren't enough for the soldiers. Some soldiers camped out, and the Indians camped near them. Lucinda did not learn any English until after the war, all she knew was the Creek language. The soldiers were singing and Lucinda did not know what about, so she asked one of the elders. He replied, "I wish I was in Dixie, look away, away." Lucinda then asked "Where's Dixie?" The old Indian laughed and talked to the soldiers who also laughed, and Lucinda was told no more.
The following day of their travels brought them to a big river raised from all the previous rain. Lucinda had never seen so much water. The men got some boats to put materials in, then floated the wagons across with the mules and horses swimming alongside, Lucinda thought they would drowned because she had never experienced such a crossing.
The place they came to had many vacant homes probably because many people left on account of the war. The Indian soldiers would quit the army and run away in groups; raiding houses as they went, taking everything they saw and killing any in their way. The families who Lucinda was with would always send scouters to look at the home to see if it were vacant and livable, but mainly because it was liable that there was already a scout of someone else's in there. Some houses had fresh graves. They didn’t stay there. One house, Tuskaya-hiniha's wife peeked in, and saw that the previous owners were still in it, lying dead all over the floor. They decided to move on to another house, promptly.
Finally, a decent house came to be, a little cabin. Lucinda was now the only slave left of Tuskaya-hiniha’s. The family lived there for over two years and harvested two crops of corn. They had a neighbor known as ‘Mr. Walker’ who’d kill wild boar in the forest and catch fish with his bare hands after giving them black root. So the family had as much meat as they could handle
The war died out, Lucinda was unsure of when—especially since she was living so peacefully again. Lucinda was freed, but stayed with her master until a day came when three men on horseback came and spoke with Tuskaya-hiniha. After some discussion, Tuskaya-hiniha informed Lucinda she was going with the men and finding her family. Before the group crossed the river, the men tied her to her horse so she would not fall off. She again thought she would not reach the other side alive.
Thanks to the Creek agency, she was reunited with her ma and pa. She stayed with her parents until she was an adult and her parents had died. Lucinda married Andrew Davis at the Gibson station. They had many children, though only two were still living in 1937. Her husband got in trouble with the law and was jailed at the McAlester prison. He was released because he was a ‘trusty’ (meaning he acted well and was trusted by the guards) and the prison allowed him to leave and marry a woman who had lots of property
Age was sneaking in and Lucinda became blind. It was confusing how the other women played in, but after Lucinda’s husband died, she moved in with a woman named Josephine where she wouldn’t be required to do much. Josephine’s children quickly became a loud nuisance to Lucinda and her sensitive ears. She didn’t like their manners because they were different from what she had grown up with in the Creek tradition. If the children had been with the Indians, the elders would have whacked the child on the head if they did wrong “because the elders knew best”,--in living memory of Lucinda, those were her words.
One source hints that her death took place in Tulsa, Oklahoma, under the care of her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9895940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895940" title="Helena Blackman">
Helena Blackman

Helena Blackman (born 10 December 1982 in Southampton) is a British musical theatre actress best known for being the runner-up in the BBC1 Reality TV programme "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?". She trained at the Guildford School of Acting.
Biography.
On 29 October 2006, Blackman was seen as Gypsy Rose Lee in a production of "" which was performed at the Wales Millennium Centre as part of the "Cardiff International Festival of Musical Theatre". In December 2006, Blackman played Dorothy in an acclaimed run of "The Wizard of Oz" at the Haymarket Theatre in Leicester.
Blackman is a much in demand cabaret performer at corporate events, she has recently been featured as a soloist in "The night of a thousand voices" at the Royal Albert Hall and in Tim McArthur's one-man show "Sister Mary McArthur Comin' At-Cha!" at the Jermyn Street Theatre in London.
In May 2007, Blackman was seen giving advice to contestant Ben Ellis in an episode of "Any Dream Will Do" and in July 2007 she appeared as a soloist in an episode of BBC Radio 2's long-running "Friday Night is Music Night" opposite Daniel Boys. Blackman recently toured the UK extensively as "Nellie Forbush" in a run of Rodgers and Hammerstein's "South Pacific" from 2007 - 2008.
On Christmas Eve 2007 Blackman was seen performing with Lee Mead and Connie Fisher and some of the other 'Maria' and 'Joseph' finalists in a BBC special 'festive' reunion show called "When Joseph met Maria!" - celebrating both the hit Andrew Lloyd Webber BBC shows - it was recorded earlier on 2 December 2007. The BBC show, HDYSAPLM, featuring Blackman, recently won a prestigious international Emmy Award in New York (2007) for best non-scripted entertainment.
From 10 February - 14 March 2009, Helena Blackman played the lead role of Helen in Stephen Sondheim's "Saturday Night" at the Jermyn Street Theatre in London. 
On 14 February 2011, Helena released her debut album, The Sound of Rodgers & Hammerstein, consisting of classic Rodgers and Hammerstein material, as well as some of their lesser known songs. The album is available for purchase from iTunes,Amazon and Dress Circle. She also appears on 'A Spoonful of Stiles and Drewe' alongside several other West End stars, which includes songs by George Stiles and Anthony Drewe.
From 5 to 31 December 2011, Blackman appeared in the title role of "Snow White" at the Redditch Palace Theatre.
In Sept 2013 she was Milly in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers on UK tour to May 2014.
Reviews.
Blackman has been reviewed by several print and web publications. "The Times"' Jeremy Kingston said of her performance in "The Wizard of Oz" "Helena Blackman's voice soars to the yearning high notes, and yet she is not afraid to sing in the softest whisper. Every word is clear and cuts to the heart." Alfred Hickling of "The Guardian" also gave Blackman praise in the role saying "She gives a sparklingly assured performance, marred only by the usual drawback of appearing at least 20 years too old for a pinafore dress."
"The Stage" said of her performance as Nellie Forbrush in "South Pacific" "...she exudes enthusiasm in the...numbers - especially the excellent Thanksgiving Follies scenes - and she looks perfectly 1940s." "BBC Nottingham"'s Heather Hinchley also reviewed Blackman's performance positively saying "Without a doubt the star of the show was Helena Blackman".

</doc>
