<doc id="9821563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821563" title="Metal-organic framework">
Metal-organic framework

Metal-Organic Frameworks (MOFs) are compounds consisting of metal ions or clusters coordinated to often rigid organic molecules to form one-, two-, or three-dimensional structures that can be porous.
More formally a metal–organic framework, abbreviated to MOF, is a coordination network with organic ligands containing potential voids. A coordination network is a coordination compound extending, through repeating coordination entities, in 1 dimension, but with cross-links between two or more individual chains, loops, or spiro-links, or a coordination compound extending through repeating coordination entities in 2 or 3 dimensions and finally a coordination polymer is a coordination compound with repeating coordination entities extending in 1, 2, or 3 dimensions.
In some cases, the pores are stable during elimination of the guest molecules (often solvents) and could be used for the storage of gases such as hydrogen and carbon dioxide. Other possible applications of MOFs are in gas purification, in gas separation, in catalysis and as sensors.
Structure.
MOFs are composed of two major components: a metal ion or cluster of metal ions and an organic molecule called a linker. For this reason, the materials are often referred to as hybrid organic-inorganic materials, however this use of this terminology has recently been explicitly discouraged. The organic units are typically mono-, di-, tri-, or tetravalent ligands. The choice of metal and linker dictates the structure and hence properties of the MOF. For example, the metal's coordination preference influences the size and shape of pores by dictating how many ligands can bind to the metal and in which orientation.
To describe and organize the structures of MOFs, a system of nomenclature has been developed. Subunits of a MOF, called secondary building units (SBU), can be described by topologies common to several structures. Each topology, also called a net, is assigned a symbol, consisting of three lower-case letters in bold. MOF-5, for example, has a pcu net. The database of net structures can be found at the Reticular Chemistry Structure Resource.
Synthesis.
The study of MOFs developed from the study of zeolites, except for the use of preformed ligands. MOFs and zeolites are produced almost exclusively by hydrothermal or solvothermal techniques, where crystals are slowly grown from a hot solution. In contrast with zeolites, MOFs are constructed from bridging organic ligands that remain intact throughout the synthesis. Zeolite synthesis often makes use of a "template". Templates are ions that influence the structure of the growing inorganic framework. Typical templating ions are quaternary ammonium cations, which are removed later. In MOFs, the framework is templated by the SBU (secondary building unit) and the organic ligands. A templating approach that is useful for MOFs intended for gas storage is the use of metal-binding solvents such as N,N-diethylformamide and water. In these cases, metal sites are exposed when the solvent is evacuated, allowing hydrogen to bind at these sites.
Post-synthetic modification of MOFs opens up possibilities that might not be achieved by conventional synthesis. Of potential relevance to hydrogen storage are MOFs with exposed metal sites. Such sites have been generated by post-synthetic coordination of additional metal ions to sites on the bridging ligands, and addition and removal of metal atoms to the metal site.
Since ligands in MOFs typically bind reversibly, the slow growth of crystals often allows defects to be redissolved, resulting in a material with millimeter-scale crystals and a near-equilibrium defect density. Solvothermal synthesis is useful for growing crystals suitable to structure determination, because crystals grow over the course of hours to days. However, the use of MOFs as storage materials for consumer products demands an immense scale-up of their synthesis. Scale-up of MOFs has not been widely studied, though several groups have demonstrated that microwaves can be used to nucleate MOF crystals rapidly from solution. This technique, termed “microwave-assisted solvothermal synthesis”, is widely used in the zeolite literature, and produces micron-scale crystals in a matter of seconds to minutes, in yields similar to the slow growth methods.
A solvent-free synthesis of a range of crystalline MOFs has been described.
Composite materials.
Another approach to increasing adsorption in MOFs is to alter the system in such a way that chemisorption becomes possible. This functionality has been introduced by making a composite material, which contains a MOF and a complex of platinum with activated carbon. In an effect known as hydrogen spillover, H2 can bind to the platinum surface through a dissociative mechanism which cleaves the hydrogen molecule into two hydrogen atoms and enables them to travel down the activated carbon onto the surface of the MOF. This innovation produced a threefold increase in the room-temperature storage capacity of a MOF; however, desorption can take upwards of 12 hours, and reversible desorption is sometimes observed for only two cycles. The relationship between hydrogen spillover and hydrogen storage properties in MOFs is not well understood, but further research in this direction may provide inexpensive boosts in hydrogen storage capacity.
Hydrogen storage.
Considerable interest has been shown in the development of non-petroleum energy carriers for use in transportation. Hydrogen is an attractive option because it has a high energy content (120 MJ/kg compared to 44 MJ/kg for gasoline), produces clean exhaust product (water vapor without CO2 or NOx), and can be derived from a variety of primary energy sources. However, the specific energy of uncompressed hydrogen gas is very low, and considerable attention must be given to denser storage methods if hydrogen is to emerge as a serious option for energy storage.
Proposed forms of reversible hydrogen storage include: compressed gas, cryogenic liquid, adsorption to high surface-area materials, chemical storage as metal hydrides, and various reactions of liquid fuels high in hydrogen content (whose products must be collected and recycled after use). Of these, compressed and liquid hydrogen are the most mature technologies and are the most suitable for immediate deployment. The United States Department of Energy (USDOE) projects that with further technological development, adsorptive or chemical storage may prove most effective for storage.
MOFs attract attention as materials for adsorptive hydrogen storage because of their exceptionally high specific surface areas and chemically tunable structures. MOFs can be thought of as a three-dimensional grid in which the vertices are metal ions or clusters of metal ions that are connected to each other by organic molecules called linkers. Hydrogen molecules are stored in a MOF by adsorbing to its surface. Compared to an empty gas cylinder, a MOF-filled gas cylinder can store more gas because of adsorption that takes place on the surface of MOFs. (Note that molecular hydrogen adsorbs to the surface, not atomic hydrogen.) Furthermore, MOFs are free of dead-volume, so there is almost no loss of storage capacity as a result of space-blocking by non-accessible volume. Also, MOFs have a fully reversible uptake-and-release behavior: since the storage mechanism is based primarily on physisorption, there are no large activation barriers to be overcome when liberating the adsorbed hydrogen. The storage capacity of a MOF is limited by the liquid-phase density of hydrogen because the benefits provided by MOFs can be realized only if the hydrogen is in its gaseous state.
In order to realize the benefits provided, such as adsorption, by MOFs hydrogen cannot be stored in them at densities greater than its liquid-phase density. The extent to which a gas can adsorb to a MOF's surface depends on the temperature and pressure of the gas. In general, adsorption increases with decreasing temperature and increasing pressure (until a maximum is reached, typically 20-30 bar, after which the adsorption capacity decreases)., However, MOFs to be used for hydrogen storage in automotive fuel cells need to operate efficiently at ambient temperature and pressures between 1 and 100 bar, as these are the values that are deemed safe for automotive applications.
In 2012, MOF-210 was predicted to have hydrogen storage capacity of 2.90 delivery wt% (1-100 bar) at 298 K and 100 bar. Also that MOF-200 will have a Hydrogen storage capacity of 3.24 delivery wt% (1-100 bar) at 298 K and 100 bar. They also proposed new strategies to obtain higher interaction with H2. Such strategy consist on metalating the COF with alkaline metals such as Li. These complexes composed of Li, Na and K bound to benzene ligands (such as 1,3,5-benzenetribenzoate, the ligand used in MOF-177) have been synthesized by Krieck et al. and Goddard showed that the THF is important of their stability. If the metalation with alkaline is performed in the COFs, Goddard et al. calculated that two MOFs will reach the 2015 DOE target of 5.5 wt % at 298 K: MOF200-Li (6.34 delivery wt%) and MOF200-Na (5.94 6.34 delivery wt%) at 100 bar.
US Department of Energy hydrogen storage guidelines.
Despite the fact that the US DOE Secretary has questioned the viability of existing hydrogen storage methods, the search for high-capacity hydrogen storage materials remains a highly competitive area of research: the race is on to develop MOFs that can meet all of the targets set by the DOE. The DOE 2015 targets for a hydrogen storage system are: 1) a capacity of 40 g H2 per L, 2) a refueling time of 10 min or less, 3) a lifetime of 1000 refueling cycles, and 4) an ability to operate within the temperature range 30 to 50 °C. Note that these targets are for the entire storage system; therefore, the performance of a storage material must be even higher in order to account for the storage container and, if necessary, a temperature regulating apparatus. MOF-177 currently boasts the hydrogen absorption record, with a surface area of 4526 m2/g and an excess hydrogen uptake of 1.23 wt% and 32.1 g/L at 1 bar and 77 K.
Examples.
The most important challenge for creating hydrogen adsorbents that operate at room temperature is increasing the hydrogen binding energy. Several classes of MOFs have been explored, including carboxylate-based MOFs, heterocyclic azolate-based MOFs, metal-cyanide MOFs, and covalent organic frameworks. Carboxylate-based MOFs have by far received the most attention in the literature because
The most common transition metals employed in carboxylate-based frameworks are Cu2+ or Zn2+. Lighter main group metal ions have also been explored. Be12(OH)12(BTB)4, the first successfully synthesized and structurally characterized MOF consisting of a light main group metal ion, shows high hydrogen storage capacity, but it is too toxic to be employed practically. There is considerable effort being put forth in developing MOFs composed of other light main group metal ions, such as magnesium in Mg4(BDC)3.
The following is a list of several MOFs that are considered to have the best properties for hydrogen storage as of May 2012 (in order of decreasing hydrogen storage capacity). While each MOF described has its advantages, none of these MOFs reach all of the standards set by the U.S. DOE. Therefore, it is not yet known whether materials with high surface areas, small pores, or di- or trivalent metal clusters produce the most favorable MOFs for hydrogen storage.
Zn4O(BTE)(BPDC), where BTE3-=4,4′,4″-[benzene-1,3,5-triyl-tris(ethyne-2,1-diyl)]tribenzoate and BPDC2-=biphenyl-4,4′-dicarboxylate (MOF-210) 
"Hydrogen storage capacity (at 77 K):" 8.6 excess wt% (17.6  total wt%) at 77 K and 80 bar. 44 total g H2/L at 80 bar and 77 K.
"Hydrogen storage capacity (at 298 K):" 2.90 delivery wt% (1-100 bar) at 298 K and 100 bar.
Zn4O(BBC)2, where BBC3-=4,4′,4″-[benzene-1,3,5-triyl-tris(benzene-4,1-diyl)]tribenzoate (MOF-200) 
"Hydrogen storage capacity (at 77 K):" 7.4 excess wt% (16.3  total wt%) at 77 K and 80 bar. 36 total g H2/L at 80 bar and 77 K.
"Hydrogen storage capacity (at 298 K):" 3.24 delivery wt% (1-100 bar) at 298 K and 100 bar.
Zn4O(BTB)2, where BTB3-=1,3,5-benzenetribenzoate (MOF-177) 
"Structure:" Tetrahedral [Zn4O]6+ units are linked by large, triangular tricarboxylate ligands. Six diamond-shaped channels (upper) with diameter of 10.8 Å surround a pore containing eclipsed BTB3- moieties (lower).
"Hydrogen storage capacity:" 7.1 wt% at 77 K and 40 bar; 11.4 wt% at 78 bar and 77 K.
MOF-177 has larger pores, so hydrogen is compressed within holes rather than adsorbed to the surface. This leads to higher total gravimetric uptake but lower volumetric storage density compared to MOF-5.
Zn4O(BDC)3, where BDC2-=1,4-benzenedicarboxylate (MOF-5) 
"Structure:" Square openings are either 13.8 or 9.2 Å depending on the orientation of the aromatic rings.
"Hydrogen storage capacity:" 7.1 wt% at 77 K and 40 bar ; 10 wt% at 100 bar; volumetric storage density of 66 g/L.
MOF-5 has received much attention from theorists because of the partial charges on the MOF surface, which provide a means of strengthening the binding hydrogen through dipole-induced intermolecular interactions; however, MOF-5 has poor performance at room temperature (9.1 g/L at 100 bar).
Mn3[(Mn4Cl)3(BTT)8]2, where H3BTT=benzene-1,3,5-tris(1"H"-tetrazole) 
"Structure:" Consists of truncated octahedral cages that share square faces, leading to pores of about 10 Å in diameter. Contains open Mn2+ coordination sites.
"Hydrogen storage capacity:" 60 g/L at 77 K and 90 bar; 12.1 g/L at 90 bar and 298 K.
This MOF is the first demonstration of open metal coordination sites increasing strength of hydrogen adsorption, which results in improved performance at 298 K. It has relatively strong metal-hydrogen interactions, attributed to a spin state change upon binding or to a classical Coulombic attraction.
Cu3(BTC)2(H2O)3, where H3BTC=1,3,5-benzenetricarboxylic acid 
"Structure:" Consists of octahedral cages that share paddlewheel units to define pores of about 9.8 Å in diameter.
High hydrogen uptake is attributed to overlapping attractive potentials from multiple copper paddle-wheel units: each Cu(II) center can potentially lose a terminal solvent ligand bound in the axial position, providing an open coordination site for hydrogen binding.
Structural impacts on hydrogen storage capacity.
To date, hydrogen storage in MOFs at room temperature is a battle between maximizing storage capacity and maintaining reasonable desorption rates, while conserving the integrity of the adsorbent framework (e.g. completely evacuating pores, preserving the MOF structure, etc.) over many cycles. There are two major strategies governing the design of MOFs for hydrogen storage:
Surface area.
The general trend in MOFs used for hydrogen storage is that the greater the surface area, the more hydrogen the MOF can store. This is because high surface area materials tend to exhibit increased micropore volume and inherently low bulk density, allowing for more hydrogen adsorption to occur.
Hydrogen adsorption enthalpy.
High hydrogen adsorption enthalpy is also important. Theoretical studies have shown that 22-25 kJ/mol interactions are ideal for hydrogen storage at room temperature, as they are strong enough to adsorb H2, but weak enough to allow for quick desorption. The interaction between hydrogen and uncharged organic linkers is not this strong, and so a considerable amount of work has gone in synthesis of MOFs with exposed metal sites, to which hydrogen adsorbs with an enthalpy of 5-10 kJ/mol. Synthetically, this may be achieved by using ligands whose geometries prevent the metal from being fully coordinated, by removing volatile metal-bound solvent molecules over the course of synthesis, and by post-synthetic impregnation with additional metal cations. (C5H5)V(CO)3(H2) and Mo(CO)5(H2) are great examples of increased binding energy due to open metal coordination sites; however, their high metal-hydrogen bond dissociation energies result in a tremendous release of heat upon loading with hydrogen, which is not favorable for fuel cells. MOFs, therefore, should avoid orbital interactions that lead to such strong metal-hydrogen bonds and employ simple charge-induced dipole interactions, as demonstrated in Mn3[(Mn4Cl)3(BTT)8]2.
An association energy of 22-25 kJ/mol is typical of charge-induced dipole interactions, and so there is interest in the use of charged linkers and metals. The metal–hydrogen bond strength is diminished in MOFs, probably due to charge diffusion, so 2+ and 3+ metal ions are being studied to strengthen this interaction even further. A problem with this approach is that MOFs with exposed metal surfaces have lower concentrations of linkers; this makes them difficult to synthesize, as they are prone to framework collapse. This may diminish their useful lifetimes as well. Most common strategies to increase this binding energy for MOFs and molecular hydrogen have been reviewed.
Sensitivity to air.
MOFs are frequently air/moisture-sensitive. In particular, IRMOF-1 degrades in the presence of small amounts of water at room temperature. Studies on metal analogues have unraveled the ability of metals other than Zn to stand higher water concentrations at high temperatures.
To compensate for this, specially constructed storage containers are required, which can be costly. Strong metal-ligand bonds, such as in metal-imidazolate, -triazolate, and -pyrazolate frameworks, are known to decrease a MOF's sensitivity to air, reducing the expense of storage.
Pore size.
In a microporous material where physisorption and weak van der Waals forces dominate adsorption, the storage density is greatly dependent on the size of the pores. Calculations of idealized homogeneous materials, such as graphitic carbons and carbon nanotubes, predict that a microporous material with 7 Å-wide pores will exhibit maximum hydrogen uptake at room temperature. At this width, exactly two layers of hydrogen molecules adsorb on opposing surfaces with no space left in between. 10 Å-wide pores are also of ideal size because at this width, exactly three layers of hydrogen can exist with no space in between. (A hydrogen molecule has a bond length of 0.74 Å with a van der Waals radius of 1.17 Å for each atom; therefore, its effective van der Waals length is 3.08 Å.) 
Structural defects.
Structural defects also play an important role in the performance of MOFs. Room-temperature hydrogen uptake via bridged spillover is mainly governed by structural defects, which can have two effects:
Structural defects can also leave metal-containing nodes incompletely coordinated. This enhances the performance of MOFs used for hydrogen storage by increasing the number of accessible metal centers. Finally, structural defects can affect the transport of phonons, which affects the thermal conductivity of the MOF.
Hydrogen adsorption.
Adsorption is the process of trapping atoms or molecules that are incident on a surface; therefore the adsorption capacity of a material increases with its surface area. In three dimensions, the maximum surface area will be obtained by a structure which is highly porous, such that atoms and molecules can access internal surfaces. This simple qualitative argument suggests that the highly porous metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) should be excellent candidates for hydrogen storage devices.
Adsorption can be broadly classified as being one of two types: physisorption or chemisorption. Physisorption is characterized by weak van der Waals interactions, and bond enthalpies typically less than 20 kJ/mol. Chemisorption, alternatively, is defined by stronger covalent and ionic bonds, with bond enthalpies between 250 and 500 kJ/mol. In both cases, the adsorbate atoms or molecules (i.e. the particles which adhere to the surface) are attracted to the adsorbent (solid) surface because of the surface energy that results from unoccupied bonding locations at the surface. The degree of orbital overlap then determines if the interactions will be physisorptive or chemisorptive.
Adsorption of molecular hydrogen in MOFs is physisorptive. Since molecular hydrogen only has two electrons, dispersion forces are weak, typically 4-7 kJ/mol, and are only sufficient for adsorption at temperatures below 298 K.
The first complete explanation of the H2 sorption mechanism in MOFs was reported by the group of William A. Goddard III.
Previous works on the topic did not address the problem of the mechanism of hydrogen adsorption at room temperature. In this work statistical ensembles were averaged to obtain the sorption mechanism with the grand canonical ensemble. The multiple configurations that the H2 framework needs to explore at room temperature in the sorption process is a more physical meaningful method than single snapshots. After averaging the ensemble of all configurations, they found that for COFs and MOFs, the pore filling mechanism is predominant, while there are not clear evidence about the formation of single layers.
Determining hydrogen storage capacity.
For the characterization of MOFs as hydrogen storage materials, there are two hydrogen-uptake measurement methods: gravimetric and volumetric. To obtain the total amount of hydrogen in the MOF, both the amount of hydrogen absorbed on its surface and the amount of hydrogen residing in its pores should be considered. To calculate the absolute absorbed amount ("N"abs), the surface excess amount ("N"ex) is added to the product of the bulk density of hydrogen (ρbulk) and the pore volume of the MOF ("V"pore), as shown in the following equation: "N"abs="N"ex+(ρbulk)("V"pore)
Gravimetric method.
The increased mass of the MOF due to the stored hydrogen is directly calculated by a highly sensitive microbalance. Due to buoyancy, the detected mass of adsorbed hydrogen decreases again when a sufficiently high pressure is applied to the system because the density of the surrounding gaseous hydrogen becomes more and more important at higher pressures. Thus, this "weight loss" has to be corrected using the volume of the MOF’s frame and the density of hydrogen.
Volumetric method.
The changing of amount of hydrogen stored in the MOF is measured by detecting the varied pressure of hydrogen at constant volume. The volume of adsorbed hydrogen in the MOF is then calculated by subtracting the volume of hydrogen in free space from the total volume of dosed hydrogen.
Other methods of hydrogen storage.
There are six possible methods that can be used for the reversible storage of hydrogen with a high volumetric and gravimetric density, which are summarized in the following table, (where ρm is the gravimetric density, ρv is the volumetric density, "T" is the working temperature, and "P" is the working pressure):
Of these, high-pressure gas cylinders and liquid hydrogen in cryogenic tanks are the least practical ways to store hydrogen for the purpose of fuel due to the extremely "high" pressure required for storing hydrogen gas or the extremely "low" temperature required for storing hydrogen liquid. The other methods are all being studied and developed extensively.
Catalysis.
MOFs have potential as heterogeneous catalysts, although applications have not been commercialized. Their high surface area, tunable porosity, diversity in metal and functional groups make them especially attractive for use as catalysts. Zeolites are extraordinarily useful in catalysis. Zeolites are limited by the fixed tetrahedral coordination of the Si/Al connecting points and the two-coordinated oxide linkers. Fewer than 200 zeolites are known. In contrast with this limited scope, MOFs exhibit more diverse coordination geometries, polytopic linkers, and ancillary ligands (F-, OH-, H2O among others). It is also difficult to obtain zeolites with pore sizes larger than 1 nm, which limits the catalytic applications of zeolites to relatively small organic molecules (typically no larger than xylenes). Furthermore, mild synthetic conditions typically employed for MOF synthesis allow direct incorporation of a delicate functionalities into the framework structures. Such a process would not be possible with zeolites or other microporous crystalline oxide-based materials because of the harsh conditions typically used for their synthesis (e.g., calcination at high temperatures to remove organic templates).
Zeolites still cannot be obtained in enantiopure form, which prevents applications of zeolites in catalytic asymmetric synthesis of value-added chiral molecules for the pharmaceutical, agrochemical, and fragrance industries. For example, either enantiopure chiral ligands or their metal complexes can be incorporated directly into the frameworks of MOFs to lead to efficient asymmetric catalysts. Even some MOF materials may bridge the gap between zeolites and enzymes when they combine isolated polynuclear sites, dynamic host-guest responses, and a hydrophobic cavity environment. MOFs might be useful for making semi-conductors. Theoretical calculations show that MOFs are semiconductors or insulators with band gaps between 1.0 and 5.5 eV which can be altered by changing the degree of conjugation in the ligands indicating its possibility for being photocatalysts.
Despite the many attractions for MOFs, zeolites represent pervasive platforms for industrial catalysis, while MOF's are of no commercial value.
Design.
Like other heterogeneous catalysts, MOFs allow for easier post-reaction separation and recyclability than homogeneous catalysts. In some cases, they also give a highly enhanced catalyst stability. Additionally, they typically offer substrate-size selectivity. Nevertheless, while clearly important for reactions in living systems, selectivity on the basis of substrate size is of limited value in abiotic catalysis, as reasonably pure feedstocks are generally available.
Metal ions or metal clusters.
Among the earliest reports of MOF-based catalysis was a description in 1994 by Fujita and co-workers on the cyanosilylation of aldehydes by a 2D MOF (layered square grids) of formula Cd(4,4’-bpy)2(NO3)2. This investigation centered mainly on size- and shape-selective clathration.
A second set of examples are those reported by Llabrés i Xamena et al. based on a two-dimensional, square-grid MOF containing single Pd(II) ions as nodes and 2-hydroxypyrimidinolates as struts. Despite initial coordinative saturation, the palladium centers in this MOFMOF proved capable of catalyzing alcohol oxidation, olefin hydrogenation, and Suzuki C–C coupling. At a minimum, these reactions necessarily entail redox oscillations of the metal nodes between Pd(II) and Pd(0) intermediates accompanying by drastic changes in coordination number, which would certainly lead to destabilization and potential destruction of the original framework if all the Pd centers are catalytically active. The observation of substrate shape- and size-selectivity implies that the catalytic reactions are heterogeneous and are indeed occurring within the MOF. Nevertheless, at least for hydrogenation, it is difficult to rule out the possibility that catalysis is occurring at the surface of MOF-encapsulated palladium clusters/nanoparticles (i.e., partial decomposition sites) or defect sites, rather than at transiently labile, but otherwise intact, single-atom MOF nodes.
Ravon et al. have extended studies of “opportunistic” MOF-based catalysis to the cubic compound, MOF-5. This material comprises coordinatively saturated Zn4O nodes and a fully complexed bdc struts; yet it apparently catalyzes the Friedel–Crafts tert-butylation of both toluene and biphenyl. Furthermore, para alkylation is strongly favored over ortho alkylation, a behavior thought to reflect the encapsulation of reactants by the MOF.
Functional struts.
The porous-framework material also known as HKUST-1, contains large cavities having windows of diameter ~6 Å. The coordinated water molecules are easily removed, leaving open Cu(II) sites. Kaskel and co-workers showed that these Lewis acid sites could catalyze the cyanosilylation of benzaldehyde or acetone. Alaerts et al. investigated the behavior of the anhydrous version of HKUST-1 as an acid catalyst. Recognizing the potential for opportunistic catalysis at defect sites (such as exposed carboxylic acids), they examined three reactions: isomerization of a-pinene oxide, cyclization of citronellal, and rearrangement of a-bromoacetals, whose product selectivity patterns differ significantly for Brøsted vs. Lewis acid-catalyzed pathways. Based on experimental data, these researchers concluded that [Cu3(btc)2 indeed functions primarily as a Lewis acid catalyst.
Kaskel and co-workers also evaluated the behavior of MIL-101, a large-cavity MOF having the formulaas a cyanosilylation catalyst. The coordinated water molecules in MIL-101 are easily removed to expose Cr(III) sites. As one might expect, given the greater Lewis acidity of Cr(III) vs. Cu(II), MIL-101 is much more active than HKUST-1 as a catalyst for the cyanosilylation of aldehydes. Additionally, the Kaskel group observed that the catalytic sites of MIL-101, in contrast to those of HKUST-1, are immune to unwanted reduction by benzaldehyde. The Lewis-acid-catalyzed cyanosilylation of aromatic aldehydes has also been carried out by Long and co-workers using a MOF of the formula Mn3[(Mn4Cl)3BTT8(CH3OH)10. This material contains a three-dimensional pore structure, with the pore diameter equaling 10 Å. In principle, either of the two types of Mn(II) sites could function as a catalyst. Noteworthy features of this catalyst are high conversion yields (for small substrates) and good substrate-size-selectivity, consistent with channellocalized catalysis.
Encapsulated catalysts.
The MOF encapsulation approach invites comparison to earlier studies of oxidative catalysis by zeolite-encapsulated Fe(porphyrin) as well as Mn(porphyrin) systems. The zeolite studies generally employed iodosylbenzene (PhIO), rather than TPHP as oxidant. The difference is likely mechanistically significant, thus complicating comparisons. Briefly, PhIO is a single oxygen atom donor, while TBHP is capable of more complex behavior. In addition, for the MOF-based system, it is conceivable that oxidation proceeds via both oxygen transfer from a manganese oxo intermediate as well as a manganese-initiated radical chain reaction pathway. Regardless of mechanism, the approach is a promising one for isolating and thereby stabilizing the porphyrins against both oxo-bridged dimer formation and oxidative degradation.
Metal-free organic cavity modifiers.
Most examples of MOF-based catalysis make use of metal ions or atoms as active sites. Among the few exceptions are two nickel- and two copper-containing MOFs synthesized by Rosseinsky and co-workers. These compounds employ amino acids(L- or D-aspartate) together with dipyridyls as struts. The coordination chemistry is such that the amine group of the aspartate cannot be protonated by added HCl, but one of the aspartate carboxylates can. Thus, the framework-incorporated amino acid can exist in a form that is not accessible for the free amino acid. While the nickel-based compounds are marginally porous, on account of tiny channel dimensions, the copper versions are clearly porous.
The Rosseinsky group showed that the carboxylic acids behave as Brøsted acidic catalysts, facilitating (in the copper cases) the ring-opening methanolysis of a small, cavityaccessible epoxide at up to 65% yield. These researchers point out that superior homogeneous catalysts exist, but emphasize that the catalyst formed here is unique to the MOF environment, thus representing an interesting proof of concept.
Kitagawa and co-workers have reported the synthesis of a catalytic MOF having the formula [Cd(4-btapa)2(NO3)2]. The MOF is three-dimensional, consisting of an identical catenated pair of networks, yet still featuring pores of molecular dimensions. The nodes consist of single cadmium ions, octahedrally ligated by pyridyl nitrogens. From a catalysis standpoint, however, the most interesting feature of this material is the presence of guest-accessible amide functionalities. The researchers showed that the amides are capable of base-catalyzing the Knoevenagel condensation of benzaldehyde with malononitrile. Reactions with larger nitriles, however, are only marginally accelerated, implying that catalysis takes place chiefly within the material’s channels rather than on its exterior. A noteworthy finding is the lack of catalysis by the free strut in homogeneous solution, evidently due to intermolecular H-bonding between bptda molecules. Thus, the MOF architecture elicits catalytic activity not otherwise encountered.
In an interesting alternative approach, Férey and coworkers were able to modify the interior of MIL-101 via Cr(III) coordination of one of the two available nitrogen atoms of each of several ethylenediamine molecules. The free non-coordinated ends of the ethylenediamines were then used as Brøsted basic catalysts, again for Knoevenagel condensation of benzaldehyde with nitriles.
A third approach has been described by Kim and coworkers. Using a pyridine-functionalized derivative of tartaric acid and a Zn(II) source they were able to synthesize a 2D MOF termed POST-1. POST-1 possesses 1D channels whose cross sections are defined by six trinuclear zinc clusters and six struts. While three of the six pyridines are coordinated by zinc ions, the remaining three are protonated and directed toward the channel interior. When neutralized, the noncoordinated pyridyl groups are found to catalyze transesterification reactions, presumably by facilitating deprotonation of the reactant alcohol. The absence of significant catalysis when large alcohols are employed strongly suggests that the catalysis occurs within the channels of the MOF.
Achiral catalysis.
Metals as catalytic sites.
The metals in the MOF structure often act as Lewis acids. The metals in MOFs often coordinate to labile solvent molecules or counter ions which can be removed after activation of the framework. The Lewis acidic nature of such unsaturated metal centers can activate the coordinated organic substrates for subsequent organic transformations. The use of unsaturated metal centers was demonstrated in the cyanosilylation of aldehydes and imines by Fujita and coworkers in 2004. They reported MOF of composition {• (NO3)2 • 4H2O} which was obtained by treating linear bridging ligand 4,4′-bipyridine (bpy) with Cd(NO3)2 . The Cd(II) centers in this MOF possesses a distorted octahedral geometry having four pyridines in the equatorial positions, and two water molecules in the axial positions to form a two-dimensional infinite network. On activation, two water molecules were removed leaving the metal centers unsaturated and Lewis acidic. The Lewis acidic character of metal center was tested on cyanosilylation reactions of imine where the imine gets attached to the Lewis-acidic metal centre resulting in higher electrophilicity of imines. For the cyanosilylation of imines, most of the reactions were complete within 1 h affording aminonitriles in quantitative yield. Kaskel and coworkers carried out similar cyanosilylation reactions with coordinatively unsaturated metals in three-dimensional (3D) MOFs as heterogeneous catalysts. The 3D framework [Cu3(btc)2(H2O)3 (btc: Benzene-1,3,5- tricarboxylate) (HKUST-1) used in this study was first reported by Williams "et al." The open framework of [Cu3(btc)2(H2O)3] is built from dimeric cupric tetracarboxylate units (paddle-wheels) with aqua molecules coordinating to the axial positions and btc bridging ligands. The resulting framework after removal of two water molecules from axial positions possesses porous channel. This activated MOF catalyzes the trimethylcyanosilylation of benzaldehydes with a very low conversion (<5% in 24 h) at 293 K. As the reaction temperature was raised to 313 K, a good conversion of 57% with a selectivity of 89% was obtained after 72 h. In comparison, less than 10% conversion was observed for the background reaction (without MOF) under the same conditions. But this strategy suffers from some problems like 1) the decomposition of the framework with increase of the reaction temperature due to the reduction of Cu(II) to Cu(I) by aldehydes; 2) strong solvent inhibition effect; electron donating solvents such as THF competed with aldehydes for coordination to the Cu(II) sites, and no cyanosilylation product was observed in these solvents; 3) the framework instability in some organic solvents. Several other groups have also reported the use of metal centres in MOFs as catalysts Again, electron-deficient nature of some metals and metal clusters makes the resulting MOFs efficient oxidation catalysts. Mori and coworkers reported MOFs with Cu2 paddle wheel units as heterogeneous catalysts for the oxidation of alcohols. The catalytic activity of the resulting MOF was examined by carrying out alcohol oxidation with H2O2 as the oxidant. It also catalyzed the oxidation of primary alcohol, secondary alcohol and benzyl alcohols with high selectivity. Hill "et al." have demonstrated the sulfoxidation of thioethers using an MOF based on vanadium-oxo cluster V6O13 building units.
Functional Linkers as catalytic sites.
Functional linkers can be also utilized as catalytic sites. A 3D MOF {btapa)2(NO3)2 • 6H2O • 2DMF} (4-btapa=1,3,5-benzene tricarboxylic acid tris DMF=N,N-dimethylformamide) constructed by tridentate amide linkers and cadmium salt has been shown to catalyze the Knoevenagel condensation reaction by Kitagawa and coworkers. The pyridine groups on the ligand 4-btapa act as ligands binding to the octahedral cadmium centers, while the amide groups can provide the functionality for interaction with the incoming substrates. Specifically, the – NH moiety of the amide group can act as electron acceptor whereas the C=O group can act as electron donor to activate organic substrates for subsequent reactions. Ferey "et al." reported a robust and highly porous MOF [Cr3(µ3-O)F(H2O)2(bdc)3 (bdc: Benzene-1,4- dicarboxylate) where instead of directly using the unsaturated Cr(III) centers as catalytic sites, the authors grafted ethylenediamine (ED) onto the Cr(III) sites. The uncoordinated ends of ED can act as base catalytic sites, ED-grafted MOF was investigated for Knoevenagel condensation reactions. A significant increase in conversion was observed for ED-grafted MOF compared to untreated framework (98% vs 36%).
Entrapment of catalytically active noble metal nanoparticles.
The entrapment of catalytically active noble metals can be accomplished by grafting on functional groups to the unsaturated metal site on MOFs. Ethylenediamine (ED) has been shown to be grafted on the Cr metal sites by Hwang and coworkers and can be further modified to encapsulate noble metals such as Pd. The entraped Pd was then shown to have similar catalytic activity as Pd/C in the Heck reaction. Fisher and coworkers showed that ruthenium nanoparticles have catalytic activity to a number of reactions when entrapped in the MOF-5 framework. With this Ru-encapsulated MOF oxidation of benzyl alcohol was reported at 25% efficiency to benzyl aldehyde, but a breakdown of the MOF structure was also noted whereas the hydrogenation of benzene to cyclohexane was achieved at 25% efficiency with the MOF structure retained under a hydrogen atmosphere.
Reaction hosts with size selectivity.
MOFs are useful for both photochemical and polymerization reactions due to the ability to tune pore size and shape. A 3D MOF {[Co(bpdc)3(bpy)] • 4DMF • H2O} (bpdc: biphenyldicarboxylate, bpy: 4,4′-bipyridine) was synthesized by Li and coworkers. Using this MOF photochemistry of "o"-methyl dibenzyl ketone ("o"-MeDBK) was extensively studied. This molecule was found to have a variety of photochemical reaction properties including the production of cyclopentanol. MOFs have been used to study polymerization in the confined space of MOF channels. Polymerization reactions in confined space might have different properties than polymerization in open space. Styrene, divinylbenzene, substituted acetylenes, methyl methacrylate, and vinyl acetate have all been studied by Kitagawa and coworkers as possible activated monomers for radical polymerization. Due to the different linker size the MOF channel size could be tunable on the order of roughly 25 and 100 Å2. The channels were shown to stabilize propagating radicals and suppress termination reactions when used as radical polymerization sites.
Asymmetric catalysis.
There are several strategies to construct homochiral MOFs. Crystallization of homochiral MOFs via self-resolution from achiral linker ligands is one of the way to accomplish such a goal. However, the resulting bulk samples contain both enantiomorphs and are racemic. Aoyama and coworkers successfully obtained homochiral MOFs in the bulk from achiral ligands by carefully controlling nucleation in the crystal growth process. Zheng and coworkers reported the synthesis of homochiral MOFs from achiral ligands by chemically manipulating the statistical fluctuation of the formation of enantiomeric pairs of crystals. Growing MOF crystals under chiral influences is another approach to obtain homochiral MOFs using achiral linker ligands. Rosseinsky and coworkers have introduced a chiral coligand to direct the formation of homochiral MOFs by controlling the handedness of the helices during the crystal growth. Morris and coworkers utilized ionic liquid with chiral cations as reaction media for synthesizing MOFs, and obtained homochiral MOFs. The most straightforward and rational strategy for synthesizing homochiral MOFs is, however, to use the readily available chiral linker ligands for their construction.
Homochiral MOFs with interesting functionalities and reagent-accessible channels.
Homochiral MOFs have been made by Lin and coworkers using 2,2′-bis(diphenylphosphino)-1,1′-binaphthyl (BINAP), 1,1′-bi-2,2′-naphthol (BINOL) as a chiral ligands. These ligands can coordinate with catalytically active metal sites to enhance the enantioselectivity. A variety of linking groups such as pyridine, phosphonic acid, and carboxylic acid can be selectively introduced to the 3,3′, 4,4′, and the 6,6′ positions of the 1,1'-binaphthyl moiety. Moreover, by changing the length of the linker ligands the porosity and framework structure of the MOF can be selectivily tuned.
Postmodification of homochiral MOFs.
Lin and coworkers have shown that the postmodification of MOFs can be achieved to produce enantioselective homochiral MOFs for use as catalysts. The resulting 3D homochiral MOF {[Cd3(L)3Cl6]• 4DMF • 6MeOH • 3H2O} (L=(R)-6,6'-dichloro-2,2'-dihydroxyl-1,1'-binaphthyl-bipyridine) synthesized by Lin was shown to have a similar catalytic efficiency for the diethylzinc addition reaction as compared to the homogeneous analogue when was pretreated by Ti(OiPr)4 to generate the grafted Ti- BINOLate species. The catalytic activity of MOFs can vary depending on the framework structure. Lin and others found that MOFs synthesized from the same materials could have drastically different catalytic activities depending on the framework structure present.
Homochiral MOFs with precatalysts as building blocks.
Another approach to construct catalytically active homochiral MOFs is to incorporate chiral metal complexes which are either active catalysts or precatalysts directly into the framework structures. For example, Hupp and coworkers have combined a chiral ligand and bpdc (bpdc: biphenyldicarboxylate) with Zn(NO3)2 and obtained twofold interpenetrating 3D networks. The orientation of chiral ligand in the frameworks makes all Mn(III) sites accessible through the channels. The resulting open frameworks showed catalytic activity towards asymmetric olefin epoxidation reactions. No significant decrease of catalyst activity was observed during the reaction and the catalyst could be recycled and reused several times. Lin and coworkers have reported zirconium phosphonate-derived Ru-BINAP systems. Zirconium phosphonate-based chiral porous hybrid materials containing the Ru(BINAP)(diamine)Cl2 precatalysts showed excellent enantioselectivity (up to 99.2% ee) in the asymmetric hydrogenation of aromatic ketones.
Biomimetic design and photocatalysis.
Some MOF materials may resemble enzymes when they combine isolated polynuclear sites, dynamic host-guest responses, and hydrophobic cavity environment which are characteristics of an enzyme. Some well-known examples of cooperative catalysis involving two metal ions in biological systems include: the diiron sites in methane monooxygenase, dicopper in cytochrome c oxidase, and tricopper oxidases which have analogy with polynuclear clusters found in the 0D coordination polymers, such as binuclear Cu2 paddlewheel units found in MOP-1 and [Cu3(btc)2] (btc=benzene-1,3,5-tricarboxylate) in HKUST-1 or trinuclear units such as {Fe3O(CO2)6} in MIL-88, and IRMOP-51. Thus, 0D MOFs have accessible biomimetic catalytic centers. In enzymatic systems, protein units show “molecular recognition", high affinity for specific substrates. It seems that molecular recognition effects are limited in zeolites by the rigid zeolite structure. In contrast, dynamic features and guest-shape response make MOFs more similar to enzymes. Indeed many hybrid frameworks contain organic parts that can rotate as a result of stimuli, such as light and heat. The porous channels in MOF structures can be used as photocatalysis sites. In photocatalysis, the use of mononuclear complexes is usually limited either because they only undergo single- electron process or from the need for high-energy irradiation. In this case, binuclear systems have a number of attractive features for the development of photocatalysts. For 0D MOF structures, polycationic nodes can act as semiconductor quantum dots which can be activated upon photostimuli with the linkers serving as photon antennae. Theoretical calculations show that MOFs are semiconductors or insulators with band gaps between 1.0 and 5.5 eV which can be altered by changing the degree of conjugation in the ligands. Experimental results show that the band gap of IRMOF-type samples can be tuned by varying the functionality of the linker.
Potential applications.
Many potential uses of MOFs exist beyond hydrogen storage, such as gas purification, gas separation, gas storage (other than hydrogen), and heterogeneous catalysis. MOFs are promising for gas purification because of strong chemisorption that takes place between electron-rich, odor-generating molecules (such as amines, phosphines, oxygenates, alcohols, water, or sulfur-containing molecules) and the framework, allowing the desired gas to pass through the MOF. Gas separation can be performed with MOFs because they can allow certain molecules to pass through their pores based on size and kinetic diameter. This is particularly important for separating out carbon dioxide. Regarding gas storage, MOFs can store molecules such as carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, methane, and oxygen due to their high adsorption enthalpies (similar to hydrogen). In principle, these same MOFs could also be used for catalysis because of their shape and size selectivity and their accessible bulk volume. Also, because of their very porous architecture, mass transport in the pores is not hindered.
Methane storage.
The total uptake and delivery amount in COF-102 and COF-103 outperform other 2D and 3D-COFs at high pressure, even the benchmark MOF-177. In October 2011, new COFs with better delivery amount have been shown to be stable and overcome the DOE target in delivery basis. COF-103-Eth-trans and COF-102-Ant, are found to exceed the DOE target of 180 v(STP)/v at 35 bar for methane storage. Thus at 35 bar (in v(STP)/v delivery units) the best performers is COF-103-Eth-trans which stores 5.6 times as much as bulk CH4 at the same pressure (bulk CH4 reaches 34). All the designed COFs have superior performance to previously reported COFs and MOFs, such as COF-102 (137), MOF-177 (112), and MOF-200 (81 v(STP)/v delivery units). The new materials were designed for best performance at 35 bar. They reported that using thin vinyl bridging groups aid performance by minimizing the interaction methane-COF at low pressure. This can be extended to MOFs. This is a new feature that can be used to enhance loading in addition to the common practice of adding extra fused benzene rings.
Semiconductors.
In 2014 researchers proved that they can create electrically conductive thin films of MOFs (Cu3(BTC)2 (also known as HKUST-1; BTC, benzene-1,3,5-tricarboxylic acid) infiltrated with the molecule 7,7,8,8-tetracyanoquinododimethane) that could be used in applications including photovoltaics, sensors and electronic materials and a path towards creating semiconductors. The simulated matrices of 600 atoms. The team demonstrated tunable, air-stable electrical conductivity over six orders of magnitude, with values as high as 7 siemens per meter.
In 2014 (2,3,6,7,10,11-hexaiminotriphenylene)2 was shown to be a metal-organic graphene analogue that has a natural 2 nm band gap and is able to self-assemble. It represents a family of similar compounds. Because of the symmetry and geometry in HITP, the overall organometallic complex has an almost fractal nature that allows it to perfectly self-organize. By contrast, graphene must be doped to give it the properties of a semiconductor. Ni3(HITP)2 pellets had a conductivity of 2 S/cm, a record for a metal-organic compound. In 2D sheets, conductance measured 40 S/cm, also a record and among the best for any polymer.

</doc>
<doc id="9821568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821568" title="Remington Rand strike of 1936–37">
Remington Rand strike of 1936–37

The Remington Rand strike of 1936–37 was a strike by a federal union affiliated with the American Federation of Labor (AFL) against the Remington Rand company. The strike began in May 1936 and ended in April 1937, although the strike settlement would not be fully implemented until mid-1940.
The strike is notorious for spawning the "Mohawk Valley formula," a corporate plan for strikebreaking to discredit union leaders, frighten the public with the threat of violence, use local police and vigilantes to intimidate strikers, form puppet associations of "loyal employees" to influence public debate, fortify workplaces, employ large numbers of replacement workers, and threaten to close the plant if work is not resumed. The Mohawk Valley formula was described in an article by company president James Rand, Jr., and published in the "National Association of Manufacturers Labor Relations Bulletin" in the fourth month of the strike. The article was widely disseminated in pamphlet form by the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) later that year.
In a landmark decision, the National Labor Relations Board called the Mohawk Valley formula "a battle plan for industrial war."
Background.
In March 1934, the AFL began organizing skilled workers at two typewriter companies, Underwood Typewriter Company and Remington Rand. The employees organized the District Council of Office Equipment Workers, a federal union affiliated with the Metal Trades Department of the American Federation of Labor. Six plants were organized in the towns of Tonawanda, Ilion and Syracuse in New York; in Middletown, Connecticut; and in Marietta and Norwood in Ohio.
James Rand, Jr., president of Remington Rand, refused to bargain with the union. On May 8, 1934, 6,500 workers struck to force the company to recognize the union and sign a collective bargaining agreement. On June 18, 1936, the firm recognized the union and signed a contract which provided wage increases and established a grievance procedure.
Remington Rand, however, continued a policy of harassment and obstruction toward the union. It often violated the contract in small ways (forcing the union to file time-consuming and costly grievances), harassed union leaders, and generally contested the union at every turn.
In February 1936, the District Council of Office Equipment Workers became the Remington Rand Joint Protective Board.
Beginning of the strike.
Worker anger had built high by May 1936, when the company spread rumors that its plants were being bought by an unknown firm that would no longer recognize the union. Remington Rand then announced it had purchased a typewriter plant in nearby Elmira and might close the Tonawanda and Syracuse facilities. The union demanded information on possible plant closures, which the company refused.
The union then threatened a strike. In retaliation, the company distributed its own strike ballots and claimed that it alone could speak for workers. Outraged union officials seized and destroyed the company's ballots, interrupted and broke up meetings at which ballots were handed out, and harassed and physically intimidated managers trying to conduct balloting.
The Joint Board quickly held its own strike vote. More than 75% of the union's members voted to strike. Union officials asked the company to submit the dispute to a federal mediator, but the company refused to do so. Instead, Remington Rand fired the presidents of the local unions in Tonawanda and Syracuse along with fifteen other union activists. Infuriated workers in Ilion, Syracuse and Tonawanda walked off their jobs on May 25, 1936, followed by Remington Rand workers in Ohio and Connecticut the following day.
Violence during the strike.
The Remington Rand strike was a particularly violent strike. Although no one died during the strike, both sides engaged in beatings with fists and clubs, rock and brick throwing, vandalism, threats and physical intimidation. But historians and federal officials point out that the company went out of its way to antagonize workers and use private security personnel (sometimes disguised as workers) to instigate violence and riots. The record before the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) and the scholarly literature show that the level of violence in the strike was deliberately manipulated by Remington Rand, and several orders of magnitude higher than it would have been had the company not taken the actions it did.
Notable incidents include:
Strike tactics.
The Remington Rand strike is notable for the wide array of aggressive anti-union tactics employed by the employer. The National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) documented these tactics in a 120-page decision, "Remington Rand, Inc.", 2 NLRB 626 (decided March 13, 1937). The tactics used were not merely inventive (although some had been used by employers before), but, as the NLRB argued, were specifically designed and utilized to undermine the democratic process, manipulate public opinion through deceit and terror, and violate federal law.
Plant closures.
With the union out on strike, Remington Rand quickly began consolidating its plants. The company later admitted that it had long wanted to close several of its plants, but that the union was too strong and would not have permitted it. Remington Rand contracted with millwrights several months before the strike began (discussions which courts and federal agencies later interpreted as a sign of the company's bad-faith bargaining) to dismantle the plants. Within days of the strike's commencement, Remington Rand contractors began crating plant machinery in Middletown, Syracuse and Tonawanda. Workers tried blocking the millwrights and trucks from entering and leaving the plant but were mostly unsuccessful. Strikers subsequently pelted trucks with stones, bricks and bottles, or laid iron spikes in the roadway to puncture the tires of trucks.
Misleading information about plant closures was also common. When the strike began, the mayor of Syracuse met with Rand and won Rand's personal reassurance that the company would not close the plant. But Rand planned exactly that, and his lie was designed to win backing of city officials for the company's anti-union campaign. The company also often placed "For Sale" signs in front of factories or announced their closing in advertisements. In some cases, the company went so far as to hire private security guards to pose as millwrights to support its claim that it was closing plants. Announcements of plant closures were designed to demoralize striking union members and frighten workers who had remained on the job into staying. They also were used to terrorize local citizens who feared for the economic life of their towns. Often, company officials would later make statements suggesting that the plant would stay open if the union gave up the strike, statements which encouraged local citizens to put intense emotional, political and economic pressure on the union.
Use of private security forces.
Remington Rand also hired very large number of private security forces to protect its property and attempt to re-open some facilities. The company had engaged in extensive pre-strike planning with "detective agencies" (a euphemism for private security guard companies) in all its locations. In discussions with these firms, the company clearly conveyed the attitude that it had every intention of provoking a strike in order to break the union, and would not engage in good-faith bargaining. One company which provided private security forces, led by Pearl Bergoff, received $25,850. Remington Rand claimed it had to hire its own private police forces to protect its property and its replacement workers. But the union and local officials argued that Remington Rand's real goal was to foment trouble. As Middletown Mayor Leo Santangelo pointed out: "There were more policemen outside than there were men wanting to come in."
Support of local law enforcement.
Remington Rand also relied heavily on local police and specially-sworn county sheriff's deputies to provide protection. Several months before the strike began, the company informed local officials that it intended to provoke the union and would need the cooperation of local officials. Many enthusiastically did so, believing that the company would close its plants (harming the city's tax base) if they did not. In Syracuse, for example, the mayor gave the company unlimited police protection. Where local officials resisted the company's request for help, Remington Rand intimidated them into offering assistance. The mayor of Ilion later admitted that he was forced to provide police protection: His own personal banker had threatened to call in his loans and delete his personal and business lines of credit, and a "citizens' committee" formed by the company threatened to institute a boycott against his business and a slander campaign against him personally if he did not cooperate.
Local law enforcement personnel played a particularly important role in terrorizing the population of Ilion and turning public opinion against the union. Remington Rand paid Herkimer County to deputize 300 special sheriff's deputies to provide protection for company and town property. Remington Rand armed the deputies with Remington handguns and billy-clubs, and bought civilian automobiles to serve as squad cars. While these deputies and the town police remained under the control of their respective governmental authorities, the company worked closely with county and town officials to heighten tensions within the town. Squads of six sheriff's deputies and one police officer were armed with shotguns and stationed at every road and path leading into the town. Local citizens had to obtain passes from the Remington Rand company to enter the town. Later, company officials disingenuously accused local police of using kid gloves on strikers, which gave local police the political cover they needed to increase the level of violence aimed at picketers.
Use of replacement workers.
Remington Rand also fired all striking workers and replaced them with permanent replacements. Initially, few replacement workers were willing to take the company up on its offer. The union ringed each plant with thousands of workers, family members and supporters, and few replacement employees were willing to run the gauntlet of angry, sometimes violent union members. Others feared reprisals against them and their families if they took work at the plant. At first, Remington Rand gave security guards a $5 a day bonus if they successfully made it past the picketers and into the plant, where they pretended to be workers. But the company soon began offering large bonuses for replacement workers, and in the depths of the Great Depression few people could afford to turn down work.
Misinformation.
Remington Rand also made a significant number of false and misleading statements designed to mislead the media, demoralize strikers and reassure investors. Sixteen days into the strike, for example, company president James Rand announced an end to the strike at all six plants, a statement which roiled the union and led hundreds of workers to mistakenly accuse elected union leaders of selling out. In fact, no agreement had been reached. Two weeks later, Remington Rand announced that workers in Ohio had returned to work under a new collective bargaining agreement which offered highly favorable terms. The announcement demoralized workers in New York and Connecticut, and raised suspicions about the competence and reliability of union leaders. The truth was that only 21 of the 911 workers at the plant had accepted these terms, and they had not supported the strike. A few days later, Remington Rand officials falsely claimed that 5,300 of the company's workers had crossed picket lines and were back at work.
In Tonawanda, the company planted a rumor among the picketers that several union members were returning to work. The company then hired 85 security guards to impersonate these "returning workers," and armed them with bricks and clubs. When a pitched battle broke out between the impersonators and picketers, company photographers took pictures of the near-riot. The company shipped the security guards out of town that night and turned the photos over to the local newspapers—which duly printed them as "proof" that "labor goons" had attacked "honest working men." The corporation then used this incident to manipulate a state court into imposing a temporary injunction against the strikers.
Misinformation was also used to frighten local citizens and manipulate public opinion. For example, on June 9, 1936, Remington Rand announced that it had employed 500 strikebreakers to resume production at its plant in Syracuse. In fact, the company had hired no replacement workers at all. Working behind the scenes with the company, the local police then announced a major increase in the number of police protecting the Remington Rand plant. When violence died down in Ohio, President Rand announced he would "hire 1,000 men if necessary" to protect the plant. Angry union members reinforced their pickets, and when Rand attempted to bring even a small number of guards to the plant they were pelted with stones—leading to the violence Rand had claimed already existed.
Other tactics.
The Remington Rand company also worked with local courts to influence the outcome of the strike. The company used relationships and "ex parte" communications with judges prior to the strike to ensure that strikers would be dealt with harshly, although the number of these cases appears to be limited. In Syracuse, for example, two teenaged girls were sentenced to 30 days in jail for merely waving a rubber rat at replacement workers. In Middletown, local judges handed down six-month prison sentences to a large number of picketers based solely on the testimony of two Remington Rand security guards. In many cases, however, the company manipulated events to ensure that law-and-order judges would impose the maximum sentence or the outcome the company desired. Remington Rand often incited picketers to riot. Working with local law enforcement officials, the company would then present evidence in court implicating workers but not management. This manipulation of the judicial system often led judges to severely restrict union picketing near company property. In New York, for example, a federal judge limited picketing to only four workers at a time, and all workers had to wear a large badge identifying themselves as such. (Nearly two years later, federal investigations exposed the company-law enforcement collusion.)
Remington Rand also formed "citizens' committees" controlled by the company to put additional pressure on the union. Federal investigators later found that these citizens' committees were founded and funded by the company, and used to intimidate businessmen, banks and others into withdrawing support from or opposing the striking workers. In New York, for example, landlords raised the rent of strikers to put pressure on them to return to work. Citizens' committees also put political pressure on local elected officials, bringing local and county law enforcement under the control of the firm. In Ohio, local officials order law enforcement personnel to padlock and seal local union offices after minor pretextual complaints by company officials. In Elmira, the mayor ordered the police to banned circulation of the local labor newspaper. Citizens' committees were also used to secretly manipulate public opinion against the union and its members. Unaware of the true nature of these committees, the media often reported their demands for an end to the strike or denunciations of union "violence" – which encouraged the public to turn against the strikers.
Remington Rand also engaged in threats and intimidation. The company hired at least 80 men and women to pose as religious missionaries, and had these individuals visit strikers' homes. Once in the home, the "missionary" would harangue the family and demand that the breadwinner return to work. In other cases, groups of company employees posing as "concerned citizens" would mass in front of strikers' homes and demand that the worker abandon the picket line, leave town, or return to work. These activities were often coordinated with company back-to-work campaigns and reinforced by mistaken media reports of large numbers of picket-line crossings.
Events in the strike.
Largely unprepared for the strike, the union was able to win at least one early battle against Remington Rand. The Democratic Governor of the state of New York, Herbert H. Lehman, refused to allow the New York State Police to intervene in the strike, despite the company's demands. 
Remington Rand began its misinformation campaign immediately. In mid-June, Remington Rand threatened to close its plants in Middletown, Norwood, Syracuse, and Tonawanda unless workers returned to work immediately. Politicians pleaded with union officials to end the strike. A few days later, Remington Rand announced (incorrectly) that union leaders in Ohio had accepted an offer to return to work. The announcement created deep divisions between leaders and members in the union, and between union chapters in the various plants. However, only 21 workers out of 911 had accepted the offer, and most of those had not been union members.
On July 6, the union held a mass demonstration in Syracuse in support of workers in Ohio who had rioted over the previous days. Despite the size of the Syracuse riot, company officials declared the strike "definitely broken."
On July 18, a federal judge significantly restricted union picketing at Remington Rand's plants in New York. The union was limited to only four picketing workers at a time, and all picketers had to wear large badges identifying themselves as union members. Federal officials later determined that the violence which led the court to impose the injunction had been instigated by Remington Rand.
On July 22, Governor Wilbur L. Cross of Connecticut asked Governor Martin L. Davey of Ohio and Governor Lehman of New York to meet with him and President Rand to discuss an end to the strike. Despite interest from the governors and union, Cross abandoned his plan for a tri-state arbitration committee after a spate of violence at Remington Rand plants and receiving a host of pre-conditions from Rand himself.
The union won a few skirmishes in the strike in August 1936. New York Governor Lehman ordered a special session of the appellate division of the New York Supreme Court to hear an emergency appeal of a state court ruling granting an injunction against the union under the State Anti-Injunction Law of 1935. The appeal was ultimately unsuccessful. After a fresh outbreak of violence in Syracuse on August 11, in which two strikers were shot and injured by local police, Governor Lehman threatened to replace policemen with National Guard troops unless local law enforcement authorities proved capable of more restraint.
Contract talks begin in earnest in late July 1936, three months into the strike. The AFL had filed a variety of unfair labor practice (ULPs) charges against Remington Rand, but the company had won a temporary injunction halting any NLRB hearings on the ULPs in mid-July. Remington Rand officials were particularly concerned that NLRB hearings would expose their anti-union tactics. Company officials, worried that the United States Supreme Court and other federal courts would uphold the National Labor Relations Act, began negotiations as a fall-back strategy. Those negotiations collapsed on September 2, 1936.
A major turning point in the strike came 10 days later. U.S. district court Judge John Knight lifted the temporary injunction and ordered the NLRB to proceed with its ULP hearings.
The NLRB hearings, as well as United States Senate hearings into strikebreaking in general, began in late September. Evidence of the extensive anti-union campaign in the Remington Rand strike became public in late November 1936, and made national headlines.
By March 1937, public exposure of the Remington Rand company's anti-union efforts had led to a significant deterioration in the firm's public support. The company did not cut back on its efforts, and rumor-mongering about plant closures and to demoralize workers was still effective. But public opinion and media opinion proved much harder to manipulate, and many elected officials were quietly withdrawing support for the company.
On March 11, 1937, United States Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins attempted to mediate an end to the strike. When Perkins attempted to reach Rand by telephone, his aides claimed to not know where he was. When Perkins sent him telegrams and letters, company staff said they did not know how to reach him. Perkins was forced to publish an open letter in newspapers in Connecticut, New York and Ohio, asking Rand to speak to her. He did so the next day, but refused to discuss the strike with her. The incident embarrassed and angered Perkins, but Rand's rudeness further eroded the company's public standing.
On March 13, 1937, the NLRB issued a decision finding Remington Rand guilty of violating federal labor law. The decision, "Remington Rand, Inc.," 2 NLRB 626, was an astonishing 120-page decision in which the Board recounted nearly every anti-union tactic the company had undertaken in the last year. The Board accused Rand of putting himself above the law and wantonly violating the National Labor Relations Act. The Board's discussion of Remington Rand's actions was cast in moral terms. Although many of the actions were not necessarily illegal, the Board was deeply distressed that the company and its president would engage in behavior which, in the Board's view, constituted open economic and class warfare. The NLRB ordered Remington Rand to reinstate, with back pay, the union members who had been discharged, to reinstate all workers still on strike, to dismantle its company unions, and recognize the union in its six existing plants as well as the new plant in Elmira.
Rand refused to obey the NLRB order. Instead, the same day that the Board issued its opinion, he agreed to meet with Perkins and discuss the strike.
The NLRB's ruling, however, placed the company in a difficult legal position, and Remington Rand quickly reached an agreement with the union after a short session mediated by Perkins. Terms of the agreement were not released for a month.
The NLRB immediately sought a federal court ruling ordering Remington Rand to obey its ruling.
Remington Rand's position in the strike worsened when a federal grand jury indicted James Rand, Jr., and Pearl Bergoff, owner of Bergoff Industrial Service (a strikebreaking "detective agency"), of violating the Byrnes Act, a federal law enacted in 1936 which forbade the interstate transportation of strikebreakers.
On April 21, 1937, union members approved a settlement with Remington Rand permitting all workers to return to their jobs. Initially, some workers refused to agree to the pact, but a month's lobbying by the AFL led to overwhelming passage.
Rand and Bergoff were acquitted of violating the Byrnes Act on November 18, 1937.
Remington Rand, however, continued to resist the NLRB's order. But on February 14, 1938, Judge Learned Hand, writing for a unanimous court, ruled in "National Labor Relations Board v. Remington Rand, Inc." 94 F.2d 862 (1938), that the company must obey the terms of the NLRB's decision. Remington Rand appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, which refused to grant certiorari, thereby upholding the appellate court's ruling.
Remington Rand began slowly furloughing replacement workers after the Supreme Court's refusal to hear its case.
Aftermath of the strike.
Another two years would pass before the NLRB's order in "Remington Rand, Inc." would be fully implemented.
During the strike, Remington Rand had established company unions at all its plants. Now the AFL and these company unions battled one another to represent the workers at the firm. In late June 1938, the company union demanded an immediate NLRB election to determine whether employees should continue to have a union or not. The AFL argued that no election was appropriate until all striking workers had been rehired. The two sides battled repeatedly over the election issue, and in October 1938 announced an agreement.
Remington Rand refused to implement the terms of the agreement, however. In August 1939 the company union again petitioned the NLRB to hold elections to determine whether employees wished to have a union or not. The union filed a series of ULPs in September and October, leading to another round of NLRB hearings. The situation deteriorated so badly that union members in Tonawanda struck in early April 1940. The strike spread and violence quickly broke out. Unwilling to undergo another large strike, Remington Rand agreed to dismantle its company unions on April 8, 1940.
Despite the series of agreements with the AFL and the NLRB, Remington Rand continued to resist implementing the court's order. On June 4, 1940, the NLRB filed suit against the company seeking to have it declared in contempt of court. Remington Rand had enough, and on June 30, 1940, agreed to dismantle its company unions and recognize the AFL.
The "Mohawk Valley formula".
The June 1936 issue of the NAM's "Labor Relations Bulletin" immortalized the "Mohawk Valley formula" as a classic blueprint for union busting. The nine-point formula, as devised by James Rand, Jr., is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9821569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821569" title="Sherman Smith">
Sherman Smith

Sherman Smith (born November 1, 1954) is the running backs coach for the Seattle Seahawks. He is a former offensive coordinator for the Washington Redskins. He is also a former professional American football running back for eight seasons for the Seattle Seahawks and San Diego Chargers. After his playing days were over, he embarked upon a second career as a football coach, starting in high school, then college, and finally back in the National Football League, with the Houston Oilers / Tennessee Titans.
Early years.
Smith played quarterback of the North High School football team in his native Youngstown. After graduation, he attended Miami University in Ohio, playing the same position and leading the Redhawks to the Mid-American Conference title in each of his last three seasons, with a stellar record of 33-1-1.
He is a cousin of former NFL tight end Mike Cobb, whose playing career at Michigan State overlapped with Smith's at Miami. Their respective teams faced each other in the 1975 season, with Michigan State winning 14-13 which was Miami's only regular season loss that year.
Professional playing career.
Smith was drafted in the second round of the 1976 NFL Draft by the Seattle Seahawks as a running back. As a Seahawk, Smith was call "The Tank" in reference to the Sherman Tank because of his performance to run through tackles. He was the first offensive player picked by the new expansion team in its first season. Smith led the team in rushing in his first four seasons, eventually amassing 3,429 yards and 28 touchdowns in his seven years with the team. He also caught the ball 210 times for a total of 2,445 yards and 10 touchdowns. He played sparingly for the San Diego Chargers in the 1983 season.
Coaching career.
The following year, Smith began teaching and coaching at Redmond Junior High School, then at Redmond High School in the state of Washington. He became the running back coach at Miami University, his alma mater, in 1990. Between 1992 and 1994, he worked as the tight end and running back coach at the University of Illinois. In 1995, Smith joined the staff of the Houston Oilers (now the Tennessee Titans) as running back coach, where he helped mold Eddie George into one of the league's elite running backs. The organization promoted Smith in 2006, giving him the title of assistant head coach in addition to his continuing duties as running back coach.
In 2008, Smith left the Titans to join the Washington Redskins as offensive coordinator, reuniting with his former Seahawks teammate, Jim Zorn, who had been named head coach of the Redskins.
After the 2009 season Zorn was fired & Mike Shanahan was named as the new head coach in Washington. Smith was not retained on staff by Shanahan. Shortly thereafter Smith was reunited with his former team, the Seattle Seahawks, when hired as a position coach (running backs).

</doc>
<doc id="9821587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821587" title="Tuba City Airport">
Tuba City Airport

Tuba City Airport is a public-use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) west of the central business district of Tuba City, in Coconino County, Arizona, United States. It is owned by the Navajo Nation.
This is one of six airports owned by the Navajo Nation; the other five being Chinle Airport (E91), Kayenta Airport (0V7) and Window Rock Airport (RQE) in Arizona, plus Crownpoint Airport (0E8) and Shiprock Airport (5V5) in New Mexico.
Facilities and aircraft.
Tuba City Airport covers an area of 350 acres (142 ha) at an elevation of 4,513 feet (1,376 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 15/33 with an asphalt surface measuring 6,230 by 75 feet (1,899 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending April 18, 2010, the airport had 250 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 20 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="9821592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821592" title="Melipeuco">
Melipeuco

Melipeuco is a town and commune () in Chile, located at the foot of the Andes, in the Province of Cautín, Araucanía Region. Melipeuco is from the southern entrance of the Conguillío National Park. The Nevados de Sollipulli, an ice-filled volcanic caldera surrounded by numerous hot water springs and geysers, lie south of the town. Lake Carilafquén is also located in this area. At the edge of the Nevados de Sollipulli, at the Alpehue intersection away, there are several hot springs with water from , even in the middle of glacier blocks.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Melipeuco spans an area of and has 5,628 inhabitants (2,906 men and 2,722 women). Of these, 2,333 (41.5%) lived in urban areas and 3,295 (58.5%) in rural areas. The population grew by 5.9% (315 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Melipeuco is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Eduardo Navarrete Fuentes (UDI).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Melipeuco is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Enrique Estay (UDI) and Fuad Chahín (PDC) as part of the 49th electoral district, (together with Victoria, Curacautín, Lonquimay, Vilcún, Lautaro, Perquenco and Galvarino). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alberto Espina Otero (RN) and Jaime Quintana Leal (PPD) as part of the 14th senatorial constituency (Araucanía-North).

</doc>
<doc id="9821594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821594" title="Birtha (Titular See)">
Birtha (Titular See)

Birtha is the Latin name of a Roman Catholic titular see in the former Roman province of Osrhaene, probably identical with modern Birecik (ancient Zeugma) on the left bank of the Euphrates, c. 62 miles west of Orfa (Edessa), and 95 miles north of Aleppo. Birtha (Aramæan "Bîrthâ" "castle") is spoken of as a castle by ancient authors (Hierocles, 715, 2).
There was also a see called by the Greeks Macedonopolis, the foundation of the great city being attributed by legend to Alexander the Great (Amm. Marcell., XX, vii, 17). That Macedonopolis and Birtha are one see is proved by the subscriptions at the First Council of Nicaea, where we see that in both Syriac and Arabic lists it corresponds with Macedonopolis in Greek and Latin lists (Heinrich Gelzer, "Patrum Niceænorum nomina", 242). The true name of the bishop present at the council is Mareas, not Marcus. Daniel, Bishop of Macedonopolis, is said to have been present at the Council of Chalcedon (451).
From the sixth century only the name Birtha survives (Georgius Cyprius, n. 899). Emperor Anastasius, after his victories over the Persians in 505, entrusted Sergius, Bishop of Birtha, with the work of repairing the city (Wright, ed., "The Chronicle of Joshua the Stylite", XCI, lxxi), an undertaking that was completed by Justinian (Procop., "De ædific. Just.", II, 4). The oldest "Tacticon" of the Patriarchate of Antioch, issued under Anastasius I (599) places Birtha first among the suffragan sees of Edessa (Kerameus, ed., "Anekdota Hellenika", lxv); the name is written Byrte in a later redaction (ibid., lxix), and Virchi in an old Latin translation (Tobler and Molinier, Itinera Hierosolymitana, I, 322).
Birtha was destroyed by Timour-Leng in the fourteenth century. In Ottoman times Birejik became the chief town of a caza in the vilayet of Aleppo with 10,000 inhabitants, including 1,500 Christians, all Armenians, and one-half of whom Uniate Catholics. 

</doc>
<doc id="9821597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821597" title="Charles Snead Houston">
Charles Snead Houston

Charles Snead Houston (August 24, 1913 – September 27, 2009) was an American physician, mountaineer, high-altitude investigator, inventor, author, film-maker, and former Peace Corps administrator. He made two important and celebrated attempts to climb the mountain K2 in Karakoram Range.
Early life and education.
Houston was born in New York in 1913 and grew up in Great Neck on Long Island. He was educated at The Hotchkiss School and Harvard University, and he earned a Doctor of Medicine from Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Mountaineering.
Houston began climbing in the Alps with his father, where he met T. Graham Brown. He then gained experience on several expeditions to Canada and Alaska, making the first ascent of Mount Foraker in 1934, with T. Graham Brown and Chychele Waterston. In 1936, Houston was a member of a celebrated expedition led by the British climber H.W. Tilman to the top of Nanda Devi in India, the highest mountain climbed at that time. In 1938, he was the leader of the first American Karakoram expedition to K2. Although he did not reach the summit, his party mapped a route to the top that was later used by the Italian team that first summited the mountain in 1954.
He attempted K2 again in 1953 (see Third American Karakoram Expedition). A member of the team, Art Gilkey, became ill (probably with thrombophlebitis) as they approached the summit. The team reversed direction and tried to carry Gilkey down. However, he was lost in a disastrous cascade of events precipitated by a fall where upon multiple ropes became entangled, resulting in most of the team sliding out of control roped together down the mountain. When the last roped man, Pete Schoening, was about to be plucked off by the accelerating climbers, he was remarkably able to arrest the fall of all six climbers using an ice axe belay. "The Belay" was one of the most famous events in mountaineering history.
After the 1953 K2 expedition, Houston (then age 40) never participated on any further technical climbs.
Medical practice and teaching.
Houston practiced internal medicine in Exeter, New Hampshire and Aspen, Colorado. Later, he joined the faculty at the University of Vermont as Professor of Medicine. He retired from the faculty in 1979.
Medical research.
Houston began his study of the effects of high altitude as a naval flight surgeon in World War II. He was in charge of Operation Everest (1947) in which four subjects were taken to a simulated altitude of 8850 m over 34 days in a compression chamber. These studies demonstrated that careful acclimatization would allow pilots to fly unpressurized planes to altitudes of 15,000 feet and higher. This capacity afforded the US Army Air Force an important tactical advantage. 
He was among the first to study High Altitude Pulmonary Edema (1958), and High Altitude Retinal Hemorrhage (1968). He authored numerous books and articles about mountain medicine. Starting in 1975, he organized the International Hypoxia Symposia in the Canadian Rockies.
In 1996 he was awarded the King Albert Medal of Merit to honor his "singular achievements" in the mountain world [http://www.king-albert-foundation.ch/html/winners/96/houston_bi.html].
Houston was also involved with early attempts to construct an artificial heart. Although not successful, his design was influential in later developments, including the Jarvik-7 model that was used with some success.
Peace Corps service.
From 1962 to 1965, Houston served as the first Country Director of the Peace Corps for India. During his tenure, the volunteers in India grew from 6 to 250. He was instrumental in developing a doctors' division within the Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="9821600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821600" title="Pacific Design Center">
Pacific Design Center

The Pacific Design Center, or PDC, is a multi-use facility for the design community located in West Hollywood, California. One of the buildings is often described as the Blue Whale because of its outsize nature relative to surrounding buildings and its brilliant blue glass cladding.
Site and Brief.
The PDC houses the West Coast's top decorating and furniture market, with showrooms, public and private spaces, a branch of the Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA) and two restaurants operated by chef and restauranteur Wolfgang Puck. The Center has 130 showrooms which display and sell 2,100 interior product lines to professional interior designers, architects, facility managers, decorators and dealers.
The Pacific Design Center hosts many screenings, exhibitions, lectures, meetings, special events and receptions for the design, entertainment and arts communities. The annual Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Award Party has traditionally been held at the PDC. The party is one of the longest running and best known of the post-Oscar parties as well as being a multi-million dollar fundraiser for the foundation.
Architecture.
Designed by architect Cesar Pelli, the campus opened in 1975, with the "Center Blue". "Center Green" opened in 1988, adding . A long planned third phase, "Center Red", was announced in April 2006, with plans for completion in 2011. Center Red has evolved into a structure with two state-of-the-art office towers—six and eight stories high respectively—sitting atop seven levels of enclosed parking for 1,500 cars.

</doc>
<doc id="9821630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821630" title="Nancy Snyderman">
Nancy Snyderman

Nancy L. Snyderman (born 1952) is an American physician, author, and broadcast journalist. She served as a medical correspondent for ABC News for 15 years, and since 2006 she has been the chief medical editor for NBC News, frequently appearing on the "Today" show, "NBC Nightly News" and MSNBC to discuss medical-related issues. Snyderman is also on the staff of the otolaryngology-head and neck surgery department at the University of Pennsylvania, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In 2013, Snyderman launched her own website where she answers health and medical questions. She is a co-founder of CarePlanners, a service that helps people navigate the healthcare system. 
Snyderman's medical work has been widely published in peer reviewed journals and she has authored five books. She has received numerous awards for her medical broadcast reporting and she has been the recipient of many research grants.
Snyderman lives in San Francisco, California. She is married and has three children.
Early life, education, and family.
Snyderman was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of Joy Snyderman, a housewife, and Sandy Snyderman, a pshsician. She has a younger brother who is a physician as well. She grew up in Ft. Wayne, Indiana, where she graduated from South Side High School in 1970. She attended Indiana University, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in microbiology. Snyderman went on to attend medical school at the University of Nebraska Medical Center, located in Omaha, Nebraska, earning a Doctor of Medicine degree from its College of Medicine in 1977. She presently lives in San Francisco with her husband, Doug. She has three children, Kate, Rachel, and Charlie.
Snyderman states that she knew already in the third grade that she wanted to be a physician when her father brought her with him on his Sunday hospital rounds. She counts her father and mother and one of her instructors, Eugene Meyers, the chief of surgery in Pittsburgh, as her mentors. She says that Meyers "taught me how to be a really good surgeon. He invested time in me; and it's a lot for him that I vowed no matter what my other careers were, I would never give up medicine." 
In 2011, while appearing as a panel member discussing rape on the NBC "Today" show, Snyderman disclosed that she was raped at gunpoint when she was a sophomore in college. Snyderman stated, "I was attacked in 1970 as a college girl and I did everything wrong. I didn’t come forward. I waited too long. And by the time I would have come forward a attorney could have skewered me with questions. So I have great sensitivity for young women who have been raped.” She suggested to women: “If you are an adult and you want to take the shame off of rape, one of the bravest things you can do as a woman is to come forward and say I accuse you - and I’m going to do it publicly.”
Career.
Snyderman followed up her training with medical residencies in both pediatrics and otolaryngology at the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center in Pennsylvania. She moved to Little Rock, Arkansas, joining the surgical staff at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in 1983, specializing in throat and neck cancers.
She began her broadcasting career in 1984 at KATV, the ABC affiliate in Little Rock. She served as a medical correspondent for ABC News for 15 years, and was a contributor to "20/20", "Primetime", and "Good Morning America". Before leaving ABC News, she was a frequent substitute co-host on "Good Morning America".
Snyderman also served as vice president of consumer education for the health care corporation Johnson & Johnson, where she headed "Understanding Health", an educational initiative which focused on public education about health and medicine.
In 1988, she moved to San Francisco, California where she practiced head and neck surgery at the University of California San Francisco and California Pacific Medical Center. She later served as a medical correspondent for KPIX-TV in San Francisco in the 1990s.
Snyderman joined NBC News as its chief medical editor in September 2006. Her reports have appeared on "Today", "NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams", "Dateline NBC", MSNBC and MSNBC.com. She hosted the MSNBC program "Dr. Nancy", in 2009. She served as a sports desk reporter for NBC Sports coverage of both the 2008 Summer Olympics. and the 2014 Winter Olympics. She has reported on wide-ranging medical topics affecting both men and women, and has traveled the world extensively, reporting from many of the world's most-troubled areas.
In 2013, Snyderman launched her own website where she answers health and medical questions, takes suggestions for upcoming story ideas for NBC, and contributes a daily video and written blog.
Snyderman is a co-founder of CarePlanners, a service that helps people navigate the healthcare system. She states that she understood the need for a service like CarePlanners after she became responsible for her parent’s care in 2005.
Recognition.
Snyderman has received numerous awards for her medical broadcast reporting, including several Emmy Awards, Edward R. Murrow Awards, an Alfred I. duPont Award, and a Gracie Award. In 1986 she received an award for in-depth reporting from KARK-TV, and an Associated Press award for "best documentary" for her work on sex education in Arkansas in 1987. She received the "Distinguished Service Award" from the American Academy of Otolaryngology's Head and Neck Surgery Foundation in 1998. Among many recent honors, in 2001 she received the Athena Award from the Partnership for Women's Health at Columbia University for her work in the field of women's health. Also in 2001, she earned the Trailblazer Award from the American Women in Radio and Television for furthering the knowledge of women's health on a national level.

</doc>
<doc id="9821646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821646" title="Gakuto Coda">
Gakuto Coda


</doc>
<doc id="9821659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821659" title="Charles Ray Hatcher">
Charles Ray Hatcher

Charles Ray Hatcher (July 16, 1929 – December 7, 1984), was an American serial killer who confessed to murdering 16 people between 1969 and 1982.
Childhood and youth.
Charles Ray Hatcher was born in Mound City, Missouri, a small town 34 miles north of St. Joseph. He was the youngest of Jesse and Lula Hatcher's four children. His father was an ex-convict and an abusive alcoholic. Hatcher was bullied in school, and he would often inflict pain on his classmates.
In the spring of 1935, he and his older brothers were flying a kite with copper wire they had found in an old Model T Ford. His oldest brother, Arthur Allen, was about to hand the kite to him when it hit a high-voltage power line and electrocuted him. Arthur was pronounced dead at the scene. Soon afterward, his father left home and divorced his mother. His mother remarried several times, and in 1945, Hatcher moved with his mother and her third husband to St. Joseph.
Crimes.
1947–1963.
In 1947, Hatcher was convicted of auto theft in St. Joseph after stealing a logging truck from Iowa-Missouri Walnut Company, his employer of two weeks. He received a two-year suspended sentence. In 1948, he was convicted of auto theft a second time for stealing a 1937 Buick in St. Joseph. Hatcher was sentenced to two years in Missouri State Penitentiary. On June 8, 1949, Hatcher was released from prison after serving a little more than half of his time; however, he was back in prison in just a few months, after being convicted of forging a $10 cheque at a gas station in Maryville. On March 18, 1951, Hatcher escaped from prison and attempted a burglary, but was caught and received an extra two years in prison.
After serving his additional time, Hatcher was released from prison on July 14, 1954. He stole a 1951 Ford in Orrick and was subsequently sentenced to four years in prison. Before he was sentenced, Hatcher attempted to escape from the Ray County Jail in Richmond and received an additional two years. On March 18, 1959, Hatcher was released from prison after the sixth prison sentence of his career.
On June 26, 1959, Hatcher attempted to abduct a 16-year-old St. Joseph newspaper boy named Steven Pellham while threatening him with a butcher knife. Pellham reported the crime, and Hatcher was arrested when the police stopped him in a stolen vehicle.
Hatcher was sentenced to five years in the Missouri State Penitentiary for the attempted abduction and auto theft under the Habitual Criminal Act. While Hatcher was waiting to be transported to prison, he unsuccessfully attempted to break out of the Buchanan County Jail. When Hatcher arrived at the Missouri State Penitentiary, he claimed to be the most notorious criminal in northwest Missouri since Jesse James.
On July 2, 1961, inmate Jerry Tharrington was found raped and stabbed to death on the prison’s kitchen loading dock. Hatcher was the only one missing from the kitchen crew at the time of the murder. He was sent to solitary confinement for Tharrington’s murder, but there was not enough evidence to convict him in court. While in solitary confinement for the murder, Hatcher wrote a note claiming that he needed psychiatric treatment; however, the prison psychologist felt that it was simply a scheme to get out of solitary and possibly out of prison early. Treatment was refused, and Hatcher was returned to the general population. His sentence was reduced to three quarters the original time, and he was released on August 24, 1963.
1969–1977.
On August 27, 1969, Hatcher confessed to abducting a 12-year-old boy named William Freeman in Antioch, California. He claimed he had told the boy to come with him, taken him to a creek, and strangled him.
On August 29, 1969, six-year-old Gilbert Martinez was reported missing in San Francisco. According to the six-year-old girl with whom he was playing, Martinez walked away with a man who offered him ice cream. He was found by a man walking his dog as the boy was being beaten and sexually assaulted. Police arrived and arrested the assailant, who identified himself as Albert Ralph Price, although he carried identification with the name Hobert Prater. Martinez survived the assault, and Federal Bureau of Investigation records later identified the man as Charles R. Hatcher.
Still going by the name Albert Price, Hatcher was charged with assault with attempt to commit sodomy and kidnapping. He was ordered to undergo competency evaluations to determine his competence to stand trial. A complete psychological evaluation was ordered when Hatcher was unresponsive during the preliminary evaluations. During this time, he claimed to hear voices, and faked delusions and suicide attempts.
In December 1970, Hatcher was sent back and forth between the courts and hospital multiple times. One psychiatrist diagnosed him as having a passive-aggressive personality with paraphilia and pedophilia. It was reported that the hospital staff felt Hatcher was fabricating or exaggerating the symptoms of his mental disorders. He was examined by two psychiatrists in January 1971. He was declared insane by the first one, who recommended vigorous treatment in a secure hospital. The second psychiatrist declared him to be incompetent to stand trial and sent him back to the hospital.
On May 24, 1971, Hatcher was sent to trial and pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. He was sent to a different hospital for more evaluations, where it was determined that he was unfit to stand trial. On June 2, Hatcher escaped from the hospital. He was caught a week later in Colusa and arrested for suspected auto theft under the name Richard Lee Grady. Hatcher was returned to the California State Hospital for a mental evaluation. In April 1972, hospital staff determined that his treatment was unsuccessful and that he was a danger to other patients, after which he was sent to the prison state hospital in Vacaville.
In August 1972, Hatcher was transferred to San Quentin State Prison to stand trial, three years after the crime. He was ordered to undergo two final examinations: one declared him competent to stand trial and the other determined him to be sane at the time of the crime.
In December 1972, Hatcher was tried for and convicted of the abduction and molestation of Martinez. In January 1972, he was committed to the California State Hospital as a "mentally disordered sexual offender".
On March 28, 1973, security guards found Hatcher hiding in a cooler near the hospital's main courtyard with two sheets stuffed into his pants, after which he admitted to an escape attempt. He was sent back to court for sentencing after doctors determined he was still a threat to society. In April, Hatcher was sentenced to one year to life and sent to a medium security prison in Vacaville.
In May 1973, a psychologist found Hatcher to be a "manipulative institutionalized sociopath". In June 1973, he attempted suicide by slashing his wrists after it was recommended that he be transferred to a maximum security prison. A psychiatrist diagnosed him with paranoid schizophrenia, and he remained at Vacaville.
In August 1975, guards reported good behavior at Hatcher's parole review. In June 1976, the California Parole Board found that Hatcher had improved dramatically through his time in prison and set a parole date of December 25, 1978. As a result of the passage of a bill giving inmates credit for time spent in jails and mental hospitals, Hatcher received a modified parole date in January 1977. He was released to a halfway house in San Francisco on May 20, 1977.
1978–1982.
On September 4, 1978, Hatcher was arrested under the name Richard Clark in Omaha, Nebraska for sexually assaulting a 16-year-old boy. He was sent to the Douglas County Mental Hospital and released in January 1979.
On May 3, 1979, Hatcher was arrested for assault and attempt to kill after he tried to stab seven-year-old Thomas Morton. He was sent to Norfolk Regional Center, a mental health facility, after the charges were dropped.
In May 1980, Hatcher was released from the facility but was sent back two months later for another assault. He escaped in September.
On October 9, 1980, Hatcher was arrested as Richard Clark in Lincoln, Nebraska for the attempted assault and sodomy of a 17-year-old boy. He was sent to another mental health facility and released after 21 days.
On January 13, 1981, Hatcher was arrested as Richard Clark in Des Moines, Iowa after a knife fight. He spent time in several mental health facilities and was released to a Davenport Salvation Army shelter in April.
Melvin Reynolds.
On May 26, 1978, four-year-old Eric Christgen disappeared in downtown Saint Joseph, Missouri. His body later turned up along the Missouri River; he had been sexually abused and died of suffocation. The police questioned more than 100 possible suspects, including "every known pervert in town," to no avail. One of them was Melvin Reynolds, a 25-year-old man of limited intelligence who had been sexually abused himself as a child and who had some homosexual episodes as an adolescent. Reynolds, although extremely agitated by the investigation, cooperated through several interrogations over a period of months, including two polygraph examinations and one interrogation under hypnosis. In December 1978, he was questioned under sodium amytal ("truth serum") and made an ambiguous remark that intensified police suspicion. Two months later, in February 1979, the police brought the still cooperative Reynolds in for another round of interrogation—14 hours of questions, promises, and threats. Finally, Reynolds gave in and said, "I'll say so if you want me to." In the weeks that followed, Reynolds embellished this confession with details that were fed to him, deliberately or otherwise. That was enough to convince the prosecutor to charge Reynolds, and to convince a jury to convict him of second-degree murder. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. Four years later, Reynolds was released when Charles Hatcher confessed to three murders, including that of Eric Christgen.
Death.
On July 29, hikers found the nude, ravaged body of 11-year-old Michelle Steele, beaten and strangled to death on a bank of the Missouri River near St. Joseph. Hatcher was arrested the following day, as he tried to check in at the St. Joseph State Hospital. While awaiting trial, he confessed to fifteen other child-murders dating from 1969. The first victim, 12-year-old William Freeman, had disappeared from Antioch, California, in August of that year, one day before Hatcher was charged with child molestation in nearby San Francisco. In another case, Hatcher penned a crude map that led searchers to the remains of James Churchill, buried on the grounds of the Rock Island Army Arsenal, near Davenport, Iowa. It was then that he also confessed to the murder of Eric Christgen. He was convicted of the Christgen homicide in October 1983, and drew a term of life imprisonment with no parole for at least 50 years. Facing his second Missouri conviction a year later for the murder of Michelle Steele, Hatcher requested a death sentence but the jury refused, recommending life on December 3, 1984. Four days later, Hatcher hung himself in his cell, at the Missouri State Penitentiary in Jefferson City.

</doc>
<doc id="9821663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821663" title="Derrick Mayes">
Derrick Mayes

Derrick Binet Mayes (born January 28, 1974 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks, the Green Bay Packers, and the Kansas City Chiefs from 1996 to 2001.
Mayes played college football at the University of Notre Dame from 1993 to 1996. He wore jersey number 1. He held the school record for career touchdown receptions until the record was broken by Jeff Samardzija.

</doc>
<doc id="9821675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821675" title="1963 NBA All-Star Game">
1963 NBA All-Star Game

The 13th National Basketball Association All-Star Game was played on January 16, 1963 at Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California. The coaches were Red Auerbach for the East, and Fred Schaus for the West.

</doc>
<doc id="9821686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821686" title="Queensland Girls' Secondary Schools Sports Association">
Queensland Girls' Secondary Schools Sports Association

The Queensland Girls' Secondary Schools Sports Association Inc (QGSSSA) is a sporting association for girls from eight private girls' schools, one co-educational private school, and one co-educational public school, based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Established in 1908 as the Secondary Schools Sports Association, inter-school competition commenced in 1909 in the sports of Swimming, Tennis and Basket Ball. Competition is offered to, and organised for, girls from Years 8 to 12.
History.
The Sports Association of Secondary Schools of Queensland, was formed in 1908, with three members: Brisbane Girls Grammar School, The Brisbane High School for Girls (now Somerville House) and Eton High School (now St Margaret's Anglican Girls School). There is some evidence to suggest that Moreton Bay College may also have participated in sporting competitions in the early years. The association had been initiated by Constance Harker, co-Principal of Somerville House, and its aim was to "promote a friendly spirit between schools and at the same time deepen and strengthen the loyalty of individual girls to their own school".
Ipswich Girls' Grammar School and St Hilda's School joined the Association in 1911, followed by the Brisbane State High School in 1921, St Aidan's Anglican Girls' School in 1939, Clayfield College in 1941, Moreton Bay College in 1945, and St Peters Lutheran College in 1946. Several other schools have also been members of the QGSSSA at some time, – Girton College Toowoomba, Commercial State High School, University High School, Wynnum High School and Technical College.
Schools.
Former members.
"(N.B. Years of participation in the QGSSSA in brackets.)"
Head of the Schoolgirls Regatta.
Swimming

</doc>
<doc id="9821735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821735" title="F17 torpedo">
F17 torpedo

The DTCN F17 was a wire-guided anti-surface ship torpedo originally produced in 1971. France, Spain, and Saudi Arabia were its primary users.
A control panel above the launch platform allowed for instantaneous switching between two modes, wire-guided or autonomous passive homing.

</doc>
<doc id="9821740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821740" title="Wendell Davis">
Wendell Davis

Wendell Tyrone Davis (born January 3, 1966) is a former professional American football wide receiver who played for the Chicago Bears for six seasons from 1988 to 1993. He was selected by the Bears in the 1st round (27th overall) in the 1988 NFL Draft. Davis was a two-time All-American at Louisiana State University.
In his pro career, Davis played in 81 games, catching 207 receptions for 3,000 yards and 14 touchdowns.
His career effectively ended on October 10, 1993, in a game against the Philadelphia Eagles. While planting his feet to catch a pass, his cleats got stuck in the Astroturf at Veterans Stadium. The force of being pulled back to the ground was so severe that it completely severed both patella tendons. Doctors later found his kneecaps had been pushed all the way into his thighs. He spent several months in a wheelchair, with his legs encased in casts from thigh to ankle. After spending the entire 1994 season in rehab, he attempted a comeback with the Indianapolis Colts in 1995, but did not appear in a game.
In October 2009, Davis became the wide receivers coach for the San Francisco 49ers under Mike Singletary. Following the arrival of new head coach Jim Harbaugh in 2011, Davis and the rest of the San Francisco coaching staff were replaced. Davis then coached at Palo Alto High School in the 2011-2012 season, and 2012 was hired as the wide receivers coach for Columbia University. Davis also owns a barbershop franchise, Big League Barbers, located in Riverwoods, Illinois

</doc>
<doc id="9821742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821742" title="Gienger">
Gienger

The Gienger is a gymnastics skill performed on the uneven bars for women and the high bar for men. It is named after German gymnast Eberhard Gienger. The release move looks like a half-turn layout "flyaway" above the bar to catch the same bar.
The skill typically begins from a handstand followed by a swing backward and release after 3/4 of a revolution around the bar. The skill begins as a backward salto with the gymnast completing a 1/2 twist (360°) before regrasp on the same bar that was released. The Gienger can be done with either a piked (traditional) or stretched body form.
Gienger saltos are technically similar to Deltchev saltos, with the latter initiating the ((7 3/4 twist ))before initiating the arabian (which is also usually straddled rather than piked or stretched).
Some of the female gymnasts that perform the Gienger are Anastasia Liukin, Eugenia opa, and Shawn Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="9821748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821748" title="Birtha (Thapsacus)">
Birtha (Thapsacus)

Birtha (Greek: ), was an ancient town to the southeast of Thapsacus, which Ptolemy (v. 19) places in 73° 40′ long., 35° 0′ lat. This place, the same as the Birtha of Hierocles, has been confounded by geographers with the town in the Commagene, which lies much further to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="9821812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821812" title="Cullen Bryant">
Cullen Bryant

William Cullen Bryant (May 20, 1951 – October 13, 2009) was a professional American football player who spent thirteen seasons in the National Football League (NFL) as a running back and return specialist for the Los Angeles Rams and Seattle Seahawks. He played college football at Colorado.
Early life.
Bryant was born in Fort Sill, Oklahoma. His father, who was a fan of poetry, named him after the poet William Cullen Bryant. He graduated as part of the first class to spend all four years at William (Billy) Mitchell High School in Colorado Springs, Colorado in 1969.
A three-year letterman (1970–1972) who played for Eddie Crowder at the University of Colorado, Bryant, who wore uniform number 16, starred at defensive back. During his junior and senior years, the Buffaloes were nationally ranked in the Associated Press (AP) Poll, finishing 3rd and 16th in 1971 and 1972 respectively. He played in the Senior Bowl and College All-Star Game in 1973.
Professional career.
He was selected by the Rams in the second round (31st overall) of the 1973 NFL Draft. He was the primary return specialist in his first four years with the team, working exclusively on kickoffs as a rookie. He scored his first NFL touchdown on September 30, 1973 when he returned a first-quarter kickoff 93 yards in a 40–20 victory over the 49ers in San Francisco.
Bryant's one-yard touchdown run in the first quarter gave the Rams an early 7–3 lead in its 31–19 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers in Super Bowl XIV. He ended the game with 6 carries for 30 yards.
Rozelle Rule challenge.
At the behest of Rams owner Carroll Rosenbloom, Bryant went to court in 1975 to challenge his transfer to the Detroit Lions under the Pete Rozelle Rule. This came after Rozelle ordered Bryant off the Rams and sent to Detroit as compensation for the Rams signing free agent wide receiver Ron Jessie. After the judge appeared sympathetic to Bryant's case, the NFL backed off and the Rozelle Rule was subsequently modified.
Later years.
He served as running backs coach under Chuck Stobart at the University of Memphis from 1990 through 1993. Bryant died of natural causes on October 13, 2009 at his home in Colorado Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="9821850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821850" title="Crownpoint Airport">
Crownpoint Airport

Crownpoint Airport is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northwest of the central business district of Crownpoint, in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States.
This is one of six airports owned by the Navajo Nation; the others being Shiprock Airport (5V5) in New Mexico, plus Chinle Airport (E91), Kayenta Airport (0V7), Tuba City Airport (T03) and Window Rock Airport (RQE) in Arizona.
Facilities and aircraft.
Crownpoint Airport covers an area of 22 acres (9 ha) at an elevation of 6,696 feet (2,041 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring 5,820 by 60 feet (1,774 x 18 m). For the 12-month period ending April 13, 2011, the airport had 500 aircraft operations, an average of 41 per month: 60% air taxi and 40% general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="9821917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821917" title="War Remnants Museum">
War Remnants Museum

The War Remnants Museum () is a war museum at 28 Vo Van Tan, in District 3, Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon), Vietnam. It primarily contains exhibits relating to the American phase of the Vietnam War.
History.
Operated by the Vietnamese government, an incipient form of museum opened on September 4, 1975, as the "Exhibition House for US and Puppet Crimes" 
(), located in the premises of the former United States Information Agency building. The exhibition was not the first of its kind for the North Vietnamese side, but rather followed a tradition of such exhibitions exposing war crimes, first those of the French and then those of the Americans, who had operated at various locations of the country as early as 1954.
In 1990, the name changed to Exhibition House for Crimes of War and Aggression ("Nhà trưng bày tội ác chiến tranh xâm lược"), dropping both "U.S." and "Puppet." In 1995, following the normalization of diplomatic relations with the United States and end of the US embargo from a year before, the references to "war crimes" and "aggression" were dropped from the museum's title as well; it became the "War Remnants Museum" ("Bảo tàng Chứng tích chiến tranh").
Exhibits.
The museum comprises a series of themed rooms in several buildings, with period military equipment placed within a walled yard. The military equipment includes a UH-1 "Huey" helicopter, an F-5A fighter, a BLU-82 "Daisy Cutter" bomb, M48 Patton tank, an A-1 Skyraider attack bomber, and an A-37 Dragonfly attack bomber. There are a number of pieces of unexploded ordnance stored in the corner of the yard, with their charges and/or fuses removed.
One building reproduces the "tiger cages" in which the South Vietnamese government kept political prisoners. Other exhibits include graphic photography, accompanied by a short text in English, Vietnamese and Japanese, covering the effects of Agent Orange and other chemical defoliant sprays, the use of napalm and phosphorus bombs, and war atrocities such as the My Lai massacre. The photographic display includes work by Vietnam War photojournalist Bunyo Ishikawa that he donated to the museum in 1998. Curiosities include a guillotine used by the French and South Vietnamese to execute prisoners, the last time being in 1960, and three jars of preserved human fetuses allegedly deformed by exposure to dioxins and dioxin-like compounds, contained in the defoliant Agent Orange.
Reception.
The War Remnants Museum is currently one of the most popular museums in Vietnam, attracting approximately half a million visitors every year. According to the museum's own estimates, about two-thirds of these are foreigners. However, it's visitor reception are mixed, ranging from favorable to "viewing of the exhibits need to be taken with a grain of salt", with some goes as far as to claim that Vietnamese regime has "borrowed images from the West and inserted them into a "distorted" history", using images of the War to substantiate their version and views on Vietnam War history.
According to one travel report, the exhibits are "blatantly one-sided" with "many exhibits in the museum contain a heavy dose of anti-American propaganda", but "they do graphically portray the horrors of the Vietnam War and "worth a visit no matter your opinion of US involvement in Vietnam"."
US anthropologist Christina Schwenkel wrote in a 2009 book that the exhibition is "full of propaganda", and while the description "war crimes" has been dropped from the official text, the museum still exhibits pictures that are considered controversial and perhaps unrepresentative like that of a "smiling U.S. soldier proudly displaying a VC head as a war trophy" accompanied by a caption that is still hinting at a criminal element, in this case: "after decapitating some guerillas, a GI enjoyed being photographed with their heads in his hands".
An analysis of the impression books (which the tourists may use to leave their comments in at the exit) revealed that the museum's visitors used to be mostly Europeans and North Americans before 2005, but that its audience became much more varied after Vietnam dropped their visa requirement for ASEAN countries that year. The impression books also record mixed responses to the museum; some visitors noted down their own anti-American sentiments, especially after 2001. Others simply praised Vietnam, while some Europeans and Americans harshly criticized the museum for its "propaganda" and "glorification of victory".

</doc>
<doc id="9821935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821935" title="Elvis Presley Enterprises">
Elvis Presley Enterprises

Elvis Presley Enterprises, Inc. (EPE) is a corporate entity created by "The Elvis Presley Trust" to conduct business and manage its assets, including Graceland. EPE's business extends far beyond the Graceland operation, however, and includes worldwide licensing of Elvis-related products and ventures, the development of Elvis-related music, film, video, television and stage productions, the ongoing development of EPE's Internet presence, the management of significant music publishing assets and more.
Origins.
After Elvis' death on August 16, 1977 at Graceland, his will appointed his father, Vernon Presley, as executor and trustee. The beneficiaries of the trust were Vernon, Elvis' grandmother Minnie Mae Presley, and his nine year old daughter Lisa Marie Presley. After Vernon's death in 1979, Elvis' ex-wife Priscilla Presley began comanaging the trust along with the National Bank of Commerce in Memphis, which was the bank Elvis and Vernon had done business with, and Joseph Hanks, who had been Elvis and Vernon's accountant for a number of years, and formed EPE in 1979. With Minnie Mae's passing in 1980, Lisa Marie became the only surviving beneficiary named in Elvis's will.
Parker's dealings.
Following Elvis' death, Parker had set up a licensing operation with Factors Etc. Inc, to control Presley merchandise and keep a steady income supporting his estate. Due to an ill-advised agreement between Parker and Elvis which gave RCA sole ownership of all his recording royalties prior to 1973, the estate was relying heavily on the income from Factors Etc. Inc. However, because Parker was still entitled to 50% of all Elvis' income, and after taxes were taken off, the overall amount going towards the upkeep of the estate was less than $1 million a year. 
By 1980 the cost of running the estate was estimated to be as much as $500,000 a year. Priscilla and the Trust were prepared to let Parker continue to handle Elvis's business affairs, and petitioned the court to that end. However, Judge Joseph Evans, aware that Lisa Marie Presley was still a minor, appointed attorney Blanchard E. Tual to investigate Parker's management. His preliminary finding was that Parker's management deal of 50% was extortionate compared to the industry average of 15-20%. He also noted that Parker's handling of Elvis's business affairs during his lifetime, including the decision to sell off past royalties to RCA for $5.4 million in 1973, were "unethical" and poorly handled. During a second, more detailed investigation, all earnings were paid directly to the Trust instead of Parker. By this time, with the IRS demanding almost $15 million in taxes, the estate was facing bankruptcy. 
On August 14, 1981 Judge Evans ordered EPE to sue Parker for mismanagement. In response to this, Parker countersued. The case against Parker was settled out of court in 1983, with the estate paying him $2 million, and the termination of his involvement in any Elvis related earnings for five years. He was also ordered to hand over any Elvis audio recordings or visual images that he owned.
Opening of Graceland.
During the court case Priscilla was advised to sell Graceland to avoid bankruptcy. She decided against this because she had no plans to sell off her daughter's first home. In late 1981, the estate hired Jack Soden, at the time a Missouri investment counselor, to plan and execute the opening of Graceland to the public and oversee the total operation. Graceland opened for tours on June 7, 1982. 
Interest in Graceland was such that EPE decided to expand its operation. In 1983, they acquired the shopping center plaza across the street from Graceland. The plaza was built in the sixties, and had been a typical suburban strip shopping center. However, after Elvis' death, it became filled with Elvis souvenir shops, which carried mostly bootleg items not licensed by the Presley Estate. In 1993, Graceland purchased the property and all the shops and attractions in what is now known as Graceland Plaza are owned and operated by EPE.
By the mid-1980s EPE was interested in securing the rights to Elvis' image and intellectual property. Following many court cases against business and private parties, EPE helped to push through new copyright and trademark legislation in the United States.
In 1991, Graceland was placed on the National Register of Historic Places, and in 1999 EPE purchased and redeveloped what became "The Elvis Presley Heartbreak Hotel".
According to Sean O'Neal, "Elvis is a cultural icon today, but he didn't become that way simply because of his talent and good looks. There was money to be made ... so a company was founded to create this icon, and it has controlled his image ... " The author describes EPE as a "well-run marketing machine" that runs on tight regulation of Elvis's images and lawsuits, when necessary. EPE, for instance, "absolutely refuses to license a product picturing an overweight Elvis." Since 1979 "EPE has filed more than a hundred lawsuits to assert the estate's exclusive right to Elvis's name and likeness."
Later, EPE was wholly owned by the "Elvis Presley Trust" and Elvis' daughter, Lisa Marie Presley until February 2005, when Robert F.X. Sillerman and his new media and entertainment company "CKX, Inc." acquired an 85% interest in Elvis Presley Enterprises, Inc., including its physical and intellectual properties. "Core Media Group", the new name of "CKX, Inc.", sold its 85% interest in EPE to Authentic Brands Group on 19 November 2013. Lisa Marie Presley retains a 15% ownership in the company and continues to be involved, as does her mother Priscilla Presley. Lisa Marie retained sole ownership of the mansion itself, as well as her father's personal effects.
The company endeavors to turn Elvis Presley's former estate into an international tourist destination. Graceland is the second most visited private residence in the United States, behind the White House.

</doc>
<doc id="9821939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821939" title="Pennsylvania Route 168">
Pennsylvania Route 168

Pennsylvania Route 168 (PA 168) is a highway in Western Pennsylvania that runs for from Pennsylvania Route 18 in Frankfort Springs to Pennsylvania Route 208 in Volant. PA 168 intersects or runs concurrently with PA 18 at several points, including New Castle. 
Route description.
Beaver County.
PA 168 begins at an intersection with PA 18 in Frankfort Springs, Beaver County, heading north on a two-lane undivided road. The route heads into Hanover Township and continues north-northwest through wooded areas with some fields and homes. The road heads northwest as it forms the western border of Raccoon Creek State Park, turning more to the north. PA 168 passes through Kendall and heads past the state park, running through farmland and woodland with some residences. The road crosses into Greene Township and comes to an intersection with US 30. The route continues through more rural areas before entering Hookstown, where it becomes Main Street and passes homes. PA 168 turns east onto Pine Street and continues through more residential areas before crossing back into Greene Township. Here, the road runs through agricultural areas with some woods and homes as it heads northeast. The route heads into more wooded areas and crosses into Shippingport, becoming unnamed again. PA 168 turns northwest and passes to the east of the Beaver Valley Nuclear Generating Station before crossing the Ohio River on the Shippingport Bridge into Industry and passing over a Norfolk Southern railroad line. At the end of the bridge, the route comes to an interchange with PA 68 and heads west to form a concurrency with that route on Midland Beaver Road. The road passes through industrial areas as it crosses into Midland and becomes Midland Avenue, heading northwest through commercial areas with some homes. The two routes head through the commercial downtown of Midland and heads into residential areas.
PA 168 splits from PA 68 by turning north onto Spring Lane Road, quickly curving to the east. The route makes a sharp turn northwest onto Fairview Road and heads into wooded areas, crossing into Ohioville. The road runs through more woodland with some housing developments, curving more to the north. PA 168 heads into a mix of farmland and woods with some homes, turning west-southwest onto Tuscarawas Road before a turn northeast onto Salem Church Road. The road heads north through more rural areas, continuing into South Beaver Township at the Lisbon Road intersection. The route runs through woodland with some fields and residences as an unnamed road, coming to an intersection with PA 251. PA 168 winds northeast through areas of farms and woods with some homes, becoming Salem Church Road again and reaching a junction with PA 51. Past this intersection, the road runs through wooded areas with some development, where it intersects PA 551. Here, PA 168 turns north to form a concurrency with the route, crossing the North Fork Little Beaver Creek into Darlington Township. The road heads into Darlington and becomes Market Street as it heads through residential areas, with PA 168 splitting to the east in a commercial area. The route heads east on 2nd Street, passing homes and crossing back into Darlington Township, where it curves northeast as Elmwood Boulevard. The road heads through farmland with some woods and residences, crossing the North Fork Little Beaver Creek again and heading into Big Beaver. PA 168 curves north and northeast through more rural areas, crossing a Norfolk Southern railroad line into New Galilee and becoming Centennial Avenue. The road passes homes and curves north, coming to an intersection with PA 351. Here, PA 351 forms a concurrency with PA 168 before turning west onto Monroe Street. Past this, the route passes more residences before crossing back into Big Beaver and running through wooded areas.
Lawrence County.
PA 168 enters New Beaver in Lawrence County and becomes an unnamed road that heads through farmland and woodland with some homes, curving north-northeast and passing over I-76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike). The road heads north through more agricultural areas with some woods and residences, heading into North Beaver Township. Here, the route becomes Galilee Road and turns northeast, coming to an interchange with I-376, becoming a divided highway at this point. PA 168 becomes undivided again and heads east through wooded areas with some homes, reaching another intersection with PA 18. At this point, the route briefly turns south onto PA 18 before heading east on Wampum Road, crossing under a Norfolk Southern railroad line. PA 168 curves southeast and turns northeast onto Galilee Road in Moravia, passing through fields and woods with some homes. The road crosses the Beaver River into Taylor Township and runs through woodland with some residences as it passes through East Moravia. The route turns east onto 3rd Street and passes over two CSX railroad lines, running through woods. PA 168 turns north onto Center Avenue and passes homes in the community of West Pittsburg. The road heads into wooded areas with some residences and passes to the east of a CSX railroad yard. The route heads farther east from the railroad tracks and becomes West Pittsburg Road, widening into a four-lane divided highway as it comes to an interchange with the US 422 freeway. Past this, PA 168 turns northeast and becomes a two-lane undivided road again, running through more woods. The route heads into residential areas and turns north onto Moravia Street, crossing into New Castle. 
Here, the route continues north to an intersection with PA 18/PA 108. At this point, PA 18 and PA 108 turn north to follow PA 168 on Moravia Street, passing more industry with some businesses. The road crosses two New Castle Industrial Railroad lines and becomes South Jefferson Street. PA 108 and PA 168 split from PA 18 by turning northeast onto four-lane undivided South Croton Avenue, passing between the Neshannock Creek to the northwest and industrial areas to the southeast. The road crosses US 422 Business and continues to an intersection with the northern terminus of PA 65. PA 108/PA 168 becomes North Croton Avenue and runs between the creek to the northwest and woods and homes to the southeast. The two routes turn away from the creek and head northeast through residential areas with some businesses. The road curves more to the east, with PA 168 splitting from PA 108 by heading northeast on Eastbrook Road. The route crosses into Hickory Township and heads through areas of homes and farms with some woods. The road heads through more farmland and woodland with some residences, curving east and passing through East Brook. PA 168 turns northeast again and becomes Eastbrook Volant Road, intersecting the northern terminus of PA 388. Here, the road curves north and runs through more agricultural areas with some woods and homes. The route intersects PA 956 immediately before crossing into Wilmington Township. PA 168 continues north-northeast through more rural areas, crossing into Washington Township, becoming unnamed and coming to its northern terminus at an intersection with PA 208 in Volant. 

</doc>
<doc id="9821942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821942" title="Marc Methot">
Marc Methot

Marc Philippe Methot (born June 21, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He previously played in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets, who drafted him 168th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Methot is most commonly described as a stay-at-home defenceman with veteran leadership ability and great size for the NHL game.
Methot was a member of the OHL’s London Knights from 2002 to 2005, winning the Memorial Cup with the team in 2004-05. He made his NHL debut with Columbus during the 2006-07 season, appearing in 20 games. He became a regular on the Columbus blueline in 2008–09. 
On July 5, 2011, the Blue Jackets re-signed Methot to a four-year contract extension. He played for Team Canada during the 2011 and 2012 World Championships. An assortment of injuries limited Methot's effectiveness with the Blue Jackets, most notably a mandibular fracture suffered during the 2011–12 season. 
On July 1, 2012 Methot was traded to the Ottawa Senators for forward Nick Foligno. Ottawa had reportedly on multiple occasions attempted to acquire the defenceman during the 2011–12 season but were unable to get the deal finalized. The loss of two of Ottawa's starting six defencemen via free-agency meant that acquiring a defenceman became a major priority, and the team again set their sights on Methot, an Ottawa native. After starting the season paired with Norris Trophy winning defenceman Erik Karlsson, Methot was charge with the responsibility on anchoring the team's defence after his partner was lost to an achilles injury. The Senators finished the year with the second lowest Goal-Against-Average, and Methot's steady play led to a invite to the Canadian Olympic training camp in the summer.
Personal.
Methot resides in the Mooney's Bay area of Ottawa. Methot attended Brookfield High School in Ottawa, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9821961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821961" title="WQNA">
WQNA

WQNA is a student and community-run radio station in Springfield, Illinois broadcasting at 88.3 FM. They play all genres of music. WQNA is owned by the Capital Area Career Center for the Digital Radio/TV Program. WQNA is operated by students and community volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="9821972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821972" title="Adlertag">
Adlertag

Adlertag ("Eagle Day") was the first day of "Unternehmen Adlerangriff" ("Operation Eagle Attack"), which was the codename of a German military operation by the "Luftwaffe" (German Air Force) to destroy the British Royal Air Force (RAF). By June 1940, the Allies had been defeated in Western Europe and Scandinavia. Rather than come to terms with Germany, Britain rejected all overtures for a negotiated peace.
Hitler gave the German armed forces ("Wehrmacht") a directive (Directive No. 16) that ordered the preparation for the aerial attack and pacification of Britain. The military invasion of Britain was codenamed Operation Sea Lion ("Unternehmen Seelöwe"). Before this could be carried out, air superiority or air supremacy was required. The "Luftwaffe" was to destroy the RAF in order to prevent it from attacking the invasion fleet or providing protection for the Royal Navy's Home Fleet which might attempt to prevent a landing by sea. Hitler ordered the "Luftwaffe"s commander-in-chief, "Reichsmarschall" (Marshal of the Realm) Hermann Göring and the "Oberkommando der Luftwaffe" (High Command of the Air Force) to prepare for the assault.
The essential target was RAF Fighter Command. The service's destruction would deny the British their air superiority asset. Throughout July and early August, the Germans made preparations for "Adlertag". The date of the assault was postponed several times because of bad weather. Eventually, it was carried out on 13 August 1940. The German attacks on 13 August inflicted significant damage and casualties on the ground, but, marred by poor intelligence and communication, they did not make a significant impression on Fighter Command's ability to defend British air space.
Göring had promised Hitler that "Adlertag" and "Adlerangriff" would achieve the results required within days, or at worst weeks. It had meant to be the beginning of the end of RAF Fighter Command, but "Adlertag" and the following operations failed to destroy the RAF. The engagements resulting from "Adlertag" became known as the Battle of Britain. During the course of that campaign, the "Luftwaffe" was prevented from gaining air superiority by the RAF. As a result, Operation Sea Lion was cancelled.
Background.
Strategic overview.
After the declaration of war on Nazi Germany by Britain and France in the aftermath of the German invasion of Poland, nine months of stalemate took place along the Western Front. After the Polish Campaign, in October 1939, the planners of the "Oberkommando der Luftwaffe" ("Luftwaffe" High Command) and the "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" (Supreme Command of the Armed Forces) turned their attentions to Western Europe.
The German offensive—named "Unternehmen Gelb" (Operation Yellow), and also known as the Manstein Plan—began in the West on 10 May 1940. The central campaign—the Battle of France—ended in Allied defeat and the destruction of the main French Army forces. The British Expeditionary Force escaped during the Battle of Dunkirk, but the "Wehrmacht" captured Paris on 14 June and overran ⅔ of France. The French surrendered on 25 June 1940.
With Western Europe neutralised, the OKL and OKW turned their attention to Britain, which was now home to the Allied base of operations in Europe. Hitler hoped Britain would negotiate for an armistice, for which he was prepared to offer generous terms. The tentative offers made by Hitler were rejected by the Churchill coalition government. Hitler now ordered the "Luftwaffe" and "Kriegsmarine" to prepare for an amphibious assault of Britain, codenamed Operation "Sealion". The "Luftwaffe" was to eliminate enemy air power and the "Kriegsmarine" was ordered to make all the necessary preparations for transporting the "Heer" (Army) across the English Channel. The "Luftwaffe's" task came first. Once the RAF had been rendered impotent, Göring and Hitler hoped that an invasion would be unnecessary. If this proved not to be the case, the "Luftwaffe" would then support the army and prevent the Royal Navy interdicting German sea traffic. Göring named the offensive against the RAF as Operation Eagle Attack ("Adlerangriff").
Background: early battles.
The losses of the spring campaign had weakened the "Luftwaffe" before the Battle of Britain. The service was forced to wait until it had reached acceptable levels before a main assault against the RAF could be made.
Therefore the first phase of the German air offensive took place over the English Channel. It rarely involved attacks against RAF airfields inland, but encouraged RAF units to engage in battle by attacking British Channel convoys. These operations would last from 10 July-8 August 1940. The attacks against shipping were not successful; only was sunk. Mine laying from aircraft had proved more profitable, sinking . The impact on Fighter Command was minimal. It had lost 74 fighter pilots killed or missing and 48 wounded in July, and its strength rose to 1,429 by 3 August. By that date, it was only short of 124 pilots.
In the second phase of attacks, shipping, coastal airfields, radar and stations south of London were attacked during 8–18 August. The "Luftwaffe" gradually increased the frequency of attacks. German bombers also raided targets as far north as Liverpool during night hours. The first major raid inland and against RAF airfields came on 12 August. RAF Hawkinge, Lympne, Manston and radar stations at Pevensey, Rye and Dover were to be destroyed. Portsmouth docks were also targeted. The results of the raids were mixed. The Radar station at Ventnor was badly damaged and others targeted were also damaged, but not destroyed. All were in working order by the following morning. The attacks against the harbour and RAF stations had failed to destroy them. All were not in fully working order by the end of the day, but were back in action the following morning. Unknown to German intelligence, Lympne itself was not even an operational station. This sort of intelligence blunder contributed to the failure of "Adlertag".
The Germans had not achieved a degree of success commensurate with their exertions. Nevertheless, in the belief they were having considerable effect on Fighter Command, they prepared to launch their all-out assault on the RAF the following day. By 12 August, German air strength had reached acceptable levels. After bringing its serviceable rates up, the "Luftwaffe" began "Adlertag" with 71 percent of its bomber force, 85 percent of its Bf 109 units, and 83 percent of its Bf 110 units operational.
"Luftwaffe" preparations.
Intelligence.
Faulty intelligence was the component that was mostly responsible for the failure of "Adlertag." While the gap between the British and Germans was not yet wide in this regard, the British were starting to gain a decisive lead in intelligence. The breaking of the Enigma machine and poor "Luftwaffe" signals discipline allowed the British easy access to German communications traffic. The impact of Ultra on the Battle of Britain is a matter of dispute, with Official Histories claiming there was no direct impact. Whatever the truth, Ultra, and the Y service in particular, gave the British an increasingly accurate picture of German order of battle deployments.
Joseph "Beppo" Schmid was the "Luftwaffe"s intelligence officer. Throughout this time, Schmid made a series of errors. In July 1940, Schmid grossly overestimated the strengths of the "Luftwaffe" and underestimated the RAF. The most serious mistakes were made concerning radar, airfield identification, and production sites. Schmid asserted that the number of operational airfields in southern England were severely limited; estimated that the British could produce only 180–330 fighters per month (the true figure was 496) and that figure would decrease, indicating that the RAF could not sustain a long battle of attrition. Schmid also claimed the command at all levels was rigid and inflexible, with fighters being tied to home bases. In his list of omissions, Schmid failed to mention the RAF maintenance and organisation operations, which put back damaged aircraft with rapid effect. He anticipated a short battle. Crucially, Schmid failed to mention radar at all.
The lack of sustained and concentrated attacks on radar left it free to help direct the deployment of RAF units at opportune moments. Its continued warnings of incoming raids were a crucial benefit to Fighter Command. The "Luftwaffe" also had poor intelligence on the type of RAF airfields. It made repeated errors, often misidentifying airfields as Fighter Command bases, which turned out to belong to RAF Coastal Command and RAF Bomber Command. On "Adlertag", most of the targets on the "Luftwaffe"s list—if destroyed—would not have impaired Fighter Command in the slightest.
Targets and order of battle.
The following targets were chosen for attack on 13 August 1940:
RAF preparations.
Detection.
The keystone of the British defence was the complex infrastructure of detection, command, and control that ran the battle. This was the ""Dowding System"", after its chief architect, Air Chief Marshal Sir H.C.T. "Stuffy" Dowding, the commander-in-chief of RAF Fighter Command. Dowding modernised a system created up from 1917 by Major General E B Ashmore. The core of Dowding's system was implemented by Dowding himself: the use of Radio Direction Finding (RDF or radar) was at his behest, and its use, supplemented by information by the Royal Observer Corps (ROC), was crucial to the RAF's ability to efficiently intercept incoming enemy aircraft. The technology was named RDF with misleading intent - the vague description would disguise the full nature of the system to the enemy if its existence ever became known.
The first indications of incoming air raids were received by the Chain Home Radio Direction Finding (RDF) facilities, which were located along the coastlines of Britain. In most circumstances, RDF could pick up formations of "Luftwaffe" aircraft as they organised over their own airfields in northern France and Belgium. Once the raiding aircraft moved inland, the formations were also plotted by the ROC. The information from RDF and the Observer Corps were sent through to the main operations room of Fighter Command Headquarters at RAF Bentley Priory. The plots were assessed to determine whether they were "hostile" or "friendly". If hostile, the information was sent to the main "operations room", which was in a large underground bunker.
Plotting raids.
Here, the course information of each raid was plotted by Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF), who received information by telephone. Additional intelligence was provided by the Y Service radio posts, which monitored enemy radio communications, and the Ultra decoding centre based at Bletchley Park, which gave the RAF intelligence on the German order of battle. Colour-coded counters representing each raid were placed on a large table, which had a map of Britain overlaid and squared off with a British Modified Grid. As the plots of the raiding aircraft moved, the counters were pushed across the map by magnetic "rakes". This system enabled the main "Fighter Controller" and Dowding to see where each formation was heading, at what height, and in what strength. This allowed an estimate to be made of possible targets. The age of the information was denoted from the colour of the counter. The simplicity of the system meant that decisions could be made quickly.
Communication and interception.
This information was simultaneously sent to the headquarters of each Group where it was cross-checked through a filter room before being sent through to another operations room, housed in an underground bunker. Because Group had tactical control of the battle, the operations room was different in layout from the main Headquarters at Bentley Priory. The main map on the plotting table represented the Group command area and its associated airfields. Extensive radio and telephone equipment transmitted and received a constant flow of information from the various sector airfields as well as the Observer Corps, AA Command and the navy. The "Duty fighter controller" was the Group GOC's personal representative and was tasked with controlling how and when each raid would be intercepted. If the telephone system failed engineers would be on site within minutes to repair the broken links.
Battle.
KG 2 raid.
On the morning of 13 August, the weather was bad and Göring ordered a postponement of raids. However, the Dornier Do 17s of KG 2 were not informed and took off at 04:50 for their target. They were to meet with their escorts from ZG 26 over the Channel. ZG 26 received the cancellation order, but II., and III./KG 2 did not. KG 2 had formed up by 05:10, led by "Geschwaderkommodore" Johannes Fink. Part of the ZG 26 formation that had taken off—led by "Oberstleutnant" Joachim Huth—tried to warn the Dorniers of the cancellation. Unable to contact the bombers by radio, Huth tried to signal them by flying in front of them and performing aerobatics. Fink ignored him and flew on. KG 2 flew around the coast to his target, Eastchurch airfield on the Isle of Sheppey. Albert Kesselring had issued orders for bombers to abandon missions if their escorts did not show up, but Fink did not want to be accused on failing to obey orders and continued onward even though the Bf 110s turned back. The return leg would take KG 2 across No. 11 Group's territory, which could have been disastrous without fighter escort. But owing to the Observer Corps misjudging the direction of the bombers, owing to low-lying cloud, and the radar not picking up the direction of the German bombers, the WAAF plotted the course of the raid incorrectly and the RAF failed to prevent the target being attacked.
For an hour after dawn on 13 August, there were few German tracks upon the plot tables in operations rooms, and none at all in the central and eastern Channel. The first signs of concentration, however, came earlier than usual, for between 05:30 and 05:40 two formations of 30 or more aircraft were located in the Amiens area. For 30 minutes, they remained over land, but at 06:10 they began moving inland. The Observer Corps and radar tracked them and guided the RAF units to intercept. Unaware of the German intent, the controllers directed three full Squadrons and detachments of three others were alerted by 06:15. No. 151 was protecting a convoy in the Thames, No. 111 was protecting RAF Hawkinge and No. 74 Squadron RAF was covering RAF Manston. Parts of No. 85, No. 43 and No. 238 Squadron RAF were also airborne near London. By 06:25, the German formations were well over the Channel. No. 238 was moved to cover their own base at RAF Warmwell. No. 257 Squadron RAF was also ordered to take off at 06:20 to patrol Canterbury. Not satisfied with the strength of the forces already airborne, controllers dispatched No. 601, 213, 64 and 87 Squadrons to intercept between 06:30 and 06:35. The first combats began at 06:30.
Owing to the mistake by the Observer Corps, and the "Geschwader" being missed approaching the eastern, instead of central Channel by radar, KG 2 hit the RAF airfield. KG 2 claimed 10 Spitfires destroyed on the ground. In fact, no Fighter Command fighters were lost. For some time afterward, this wrong claim convinced German intelligence that Eastchurch was a fighter station and the "Luftwaffe" would launch seven fruitless raids on it in the coming weeks. Added to this mistake was the failure to keep up pressure. Raids were spaced out, giving the field time to recover. The station was used by RAF Coastal Command, which lost five Bristol Blenheims in the attack and one Coastal Command Spitfire. However, severe damage was done to the infrastructure. Much equipment and ammunition was destroyed and 16 of the Command's personnel were killed. RAF Eastchurch was back in operation by 16:00.
Eventually the bombers were intercepted. KG 2 lost five Do 17s in the attempt. Six Dorniers were also badly damaged. In return, accurate fire from the Dornier gunners shot down two Hurricanes from the attacking Squadrons; No. 111, No. 151 and No. 74 Squadron led by Adolph Malan. Malan himself shot down one Do 17. Another source suggests the destruction of five Do 17s and another seven damaged. German manpower losses amounted to 11 killed in action and nine prisoners of war.
Coastal airfields and ports.
Most units of "Luftflotte" 2 received the order to abandon morning operations, but some began their attacks aimed at airfields and ports in southern Britain. KG 76 abandoned its attack on Debden but struck at RAF Kenley and other airfields in Kent and Essex. Losses and results are unknown. KG 27 also abandoned most of its operations. III./KG 27 did attempt to make it through to the Bristol docks, losing one He 111 to No. 87 Squadron RAF in the attempt. Little damage was done.
The cancellation order had not reached "Luftflotte" 3 HQ at all. Its commander, Hugo Sperrle ordered attacks to commence. At 05:00, 20 Junkers Ju 88s of I./KG 54 took off to bomb the Royal Aircraft Establishment's airfield at 'RAF Farnborough' (RAE Farnborough). At 05:05, 18 Ju 88s from II./KG 54 took off for RAF Odiham. At 05:50, 88 Junkers Ju 87s of StG 77 began heading for Portland Harbour. The raids were escorted by about 60 Bf 110s of "Zerstörergeschwader" 2 (Destroyer Wing 2; ZG 2), and V./LG 1 and 173 Bf 109s from "Jagdgeschwader" 27 (JG 27), JG 53 and JG 3, which all flew ahead of the bomber stream to clear the airspace of enemy fighters. StG 77's target was obscured by cloud, but KG 54 continued to their target. RAF fighters from RAF Northolt, RAF Tangmere and RAF Middle Wallop intercepted. Four Ju 88s and one Bf 109 from JG 2 was shot down. The German fighters claimed six RAF fighters and the bombers another 14. In reality, the bombers only damaged five. The Bf 109s destroyed only one and damaged another. Of the five RAF fighters damaged by the bombers, two were write-offs. Of the 20 claimed, just three fighters were lost and three pilots were wounded. None were killed.
Further missions by II./KG 54 to RAF Croydon were cancelled. I./KG 54 struck at the Fleet Air Arm (FAA) base at Gosport. ZG 2 was supposed to provide escort during one these attacks, and in a breakdown of communications, arrived over the target without their Ju 88s, which had been ordered to stand down. One Bf 110 was shot down by No. 238 Squadron RAF.
At 11:10, V./LG 1 Bf 110s took off in advance of a raid by KG 54, possibly to tempt RAF fighters into battle before the main assault, so the RAF would be out of position. The bomber's mission was cancelled. The order did not reach V./LG 1 who continued to their target area. The 23 Bf 110s continued to the target of Portland. They ran into No. 601 Squadron RAF Hurricanes and lost six Bf 110s destroyed and three damaged. Only one Hurricane was shot down and another damaged. A second source states only four Bf 110s were destroyed, whilst a third gives the loss of five destroyed and five damaged. The "Zerstörergeschwader" optimistically claimed 30 RAF fighters destroyed (in reality RAF fighter losses in aerial combat amounted to 13 throughout the entire day), for a loss of 13 Bf 110s. The morning's effort had been a fiasco. The attacks showed a serious German technical failure in air-to-air communication.
Renewed attacks.
The official go-ahead was given at 14:00. At 15:30, some 58–80 Ju 88s from I., II., and III./LG 1, escorted by 30 Bf 110s of V./LG 1, took off to bomb Boscombe Down and Worthy Down. RAF Andover was to be bombed as well, with the support of 52 Ju 87s from StG 1 and StG 2 who were to strike at RAF Warmwell and Yeovil. I./JG 53 flew a fighter sweep ahead of the bombers from Poole to Lyme Regis in order to tempt the RAF into battle. I./JG 53 made landfall at 16:00. The sweep failed to attract and divert RAF squadrons. Instead, all it succeeded in doing was to alert the RAF defences a critical five minutes earlier. When the main wave of LG 1 and StG 2 arrived over the coast, they were greeted by 77 RAF fighters.
II., and III./JG 53 and III./ZG 76 flew escort for the Ju 87s. ZG 2 and JG 27 flew escort for LG 1. In response the whole of No. 10 Group RAF intercepted. One "Staffel" (Squadron) of II./StG 2 was badly hit by No. 609 Squadron RAF; six out of nine Ju 87s were shot down. StG 1 and 2 gave up on their original targets owing to cloud. Both headed for Portland.
I./LG 1 abandoned Boscombe Down and bombed Southampton instead. No. 238 Squadron had been detailed to intercept, but the fighter escort was too strong and the bombers were not diverted from their course. Several warehouses were destroyed and a cold storage plant was also knocked out. All fires were under control by dusk. One III./LG 1 dropped its bombs by RAF Middle Wallop Sector Station by mistake. Only Andover airfield was hit, and it was used for bomber operations, not fighters. III./LG 1 lost two Ju 88s. The 13 Ju 88 "Gruppen" (Groups) had lost six destroyed and many damaged. They had escaped lightly. The bombing succeeded in destroying a bicycle factory, a furniture warehouse and a refrigerated meat depot. "Luftwaffe" intelligence had not identified the Southampton Spitfire factory—on the water front near the docks—as an important target. Poor intelligence suggested it was a bomber factory. Only later, in September, was it attacked and severely damaged. However, even then the Germans were unaware of the damage inflicted to Spitfire production. The factory would later be broken up and production dispersed.
Ju 87 operations.
StG 77 was also in action, escorted by JG 27 Bf 109s. StG 77s 52 Ju 87s were joined by 40 Ju 88s of KG 54. Both formations were heading for No. 10 Group RAF's airfields. StG 77 was targeting RAF Warmwell. The "Geschwader" failed to find its target, dropping its bombs at random. The other Ju 87 units had attracted much attention and StG 77 escaped unnoticed.
"Erprobungsgruppe" 210 were sent further east for an operation to attack targets near Southend. They took off at 15:15 and were escorted by ZG 76. Unfortunately, they found unbroken cloud over Essex. No. 56 Squadron RAF intercepted, but "Erprobungsgruppe" 210 dropped their bombs over Canterbury. II./StG 1 was sent to bomb airfields near Rochester. It failed to find the target and returned without incident. IV./LG 1—also with Ju 87s—was sent after RAF Detling. JG 26 went out on a fighter sweep to clear the skies in advance of the attack. JG 26 lost one Bf 109 over Folkestone from an unknown cause. The Ju 87s bombed the station and 40 Bf 109s strafed it, killing the commander. The operations block was hit, causing high casualties. The losses were disastrous for No. 53 Squadron RAF, which lost a number of Blenheims on the ground. The commander killed was Group Captain E P Meggs-Davis. One Squadron Leader was killed—a J.H Lowe—and a further two were wounded. One of the wounded men was a First World War ace Robert J. O. Compston. The station's casualites amounted to 24 killed and 42 wounded. However, Detling was not an RAF Fighter Command station and the attack did not affect No. 11 Group RAF in any way.
South East raids.
I., II., and III./KG 55 were also in action. III./KG 55 bombed Heathrow Airport. Results are unknown and losses are unclear. KG 55 suffered heavy losses the previous day, so its operations seemed limited. On 12 August it lost 13 Heinkel He 111s and their crews. The next day, 14 August, they would lose their "Geschwaderkommodore" (Wing Commander) Alois Stoeckl.
In the afternoon, a force of 80 Do 17s of KG 3—escorted by JG 51, JG 52, JG 54 and 60 Bf 109s from JG 26 (some 270 aircraft in all)—headed for Eastchurch airfield and the Short Brothers factory at Rochester. III./KG 3 broke away from the main formation and attacked Eastchurch while II./KG 3 headed for Rochester. Significant damage was done to the factory producing the Short Stirling heavy bomber. The RAF's No. 3, No. 64, No. 111, No. 151, No. 234, No. 249, No. 601 and No. 609 Squadrons intercepted. According to the account of JG 26, the British fighters made little impression on the bombers. Three JG 51 Bf 109s were shot down in skirmishes with RAF fighters.
RAF Bomber Command also took part in the day's fighting. Although Charles Portal—AOC (Air Officer Commanding)—had protested against the pointlessness of attacking airfields in Scandinavia, the Air Ministry insisted on such raids. No. 82 Squadron RAF sent 12 Bristol Blenheims to bomb KG 30 airfields at Aalborg, Denmark. One pilot turned back complaining of "fuel problems" and was court-martialled. That bomber was the only one to return. The rest fell to AAA fire and fighters. Some 24 airmen were killed and nine were captured.
Night raids.
As darkness fell at the close of "Adlertag", Sperrle sent nine "Kampfgruppe" 100 (Bombing Group 100) He 111s to conduct a strategic bombing raid against the Supermarine Spitfire factory at Castle Bromwich, Birmingham. Despite the group being a specialist night strike unit which had high expertise in night navigation, only four of the crews found their targets. The eleven bombs dropped were not sufficient to disrupt fighter production. Around five of the 11 fell inside the compound. Casualties were small as workers had gone to shelter. Serious damage was done only to offices and a tool room, while a gas main was fractured. Another group, led by "Gruppenkommandeur" "Hauptmann" (Captain) Friedrich Achenbrenner, dispatched 15 He 111s from bases in Brittany across the Irish Sea to strike at the Short Brothers factory at Queen's Island, Belfast Northern Ireland. Five Short Stirling aircraft were destroyed. KG 27 also took part in the missions, and bombed Glasgow during the night although their specific target is unclear. Other bombers, commencing the night stage of "Adlertag", resolutely flew the length and breadth of Great Britain, bombing Bristol, Cardiff, Swansea, Liverpool, Sheffield, Norwich, Edinburgh and Aberdeen. Very little damage was done, though some rail tracks were cut temporarily and around 100 casualties were suffered. It is unknown if any German aircraft were lost. One German airman was found wandering around the countryside in Balcombe, Somerset. No other traces of the aircraft or other crew members were found.
Aftermath.
Effect of raids.
The Germans had maintained the attacks on airfields in south-western England which they had started the previous day. On 12 August, most of the Kentish airfields had been attacked; and on 13 August, the Germans concentrated on the second line airfields south of London. The concentration on Detling and Eastchurch was a failure, as both were Coastal Command stations and bore no relation to Fighter Command. The Germans may have reasoned that if bases such as Manston, Hawkinge and Lympne were neutralised through the attacks on 12 August, then Fighter Command may have had to move onto these airfields. In fact, the bombing of 12 August had failed to knock out these strips, and "Adlertag" had failed to destroy or render Detling or Eastchurch nonoperational. Owing to poor intelligence, weather conditions, and RAF resistance, attacks on other targets had failed or been unsuccessful.
Overclaiming.
Overclaiming in aerial warfare is not uncommon. During the Battle of Britain (and, indeed, the rest of the Second World War), both sides claimed to have shot down and destroyed more enemy aircraft on the ground and in the air than they had in reality. RAF Fighter Command claimed 78 German aircraft shot down on 13 August 1940. Another source states that official RAF claims amounted to 64. Actual German losses amounted to 47–48 aircraft destroyed and 39 severely damaged. Conversely, the "Luftwaffe" claimed to have destroyed 70 Hawker Hurricanes and Spitfires in the air and a further 18 Blenheim bombers in the air alone. This was an exaggeration of 700 percent. Another 84 RAF fighters were claimed on the ground. Actual RAF losses in the air amounted to 13 fighters and 11 bombers, with 47 aircraft of various kinds on the ground.
Battle of Britain.
The failure of "Adlertag" did not deter the "Luftwaffe" from continuing its campaign. The assault against RAF airfields continued throughout August and into September 1940. The battles involved large numbers of aircraft and heavy losses on both sides. The "Luftwaffe" failed to develop any focused strategy for defeating RAF Fighter Command. At first, it attempted to destroy RAF bases, then switched to strategic bombing by day and night. It tried to achieve the destruction of several British industries at the same time, switching from bombing aircraft factories, to attacking supporting industries, import or distribution networks such as coastal ports. An attempt was even made against unrelated targets, such as destroying the morale of the British population.
The failure of the "Luftwaffe" to identify the radar chain and distinguish RAF fighter bases from those of other RAF commands undermined its ability to destroy the British fighter defences. The "Luftwaffe" underestimated British radar, and they had not realised its importance in the British operational system. To the contrary, OKL believed that the radar stations would benefit the German effort by sending RAF forces into large-scale air battles for the "Luftwaffe" to decimate. The RAF aircraft industry supported the losses and its pilots were replaced sufficiently to limit the RAF’s decline in strength and deny the Germans victory. Conversely, the RAF were able to ensure the serviceability rates and aircrew numbers of the "Luftwaffe" declined in August–September.
Having failed to defeat the RAF, the "Luftwaffe" adopted a different and clearer strategy of strategic bombing known as The "Blitz". However, as with the campaign against the RAF, the types of targets differed radically and no sustained pressure was put under any one type of British target. Disputes among the OKL staff revolved more around tactics than strategy. This method condemned the offensive over Britain to failure before it had even begun. The end result of the air campaign against Britain in 1940 and 1941 was a decisive failure to end the war. As Hitler committed Germany to ever increasing military adventures, the "Wehrmacht" became increasingly overstretched and was unable to cope with a multi-front war. By 1944, the Allies were ready to launch Operation Overlord, the invasion of Western Europe. The Battle of Britain ensured that the Western Allies had a base from which to launch the campaign and that there would be a Western Allied presence on the battlefield to meet the Soviet Red Army in central Europe at the end of the war in May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="9821998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821998" title="Rashi school">
Rashi school

The Rashi School is a K-8 Reform Jewish Independent School in Dedham, Massachusetts, offering a Jewish and secular education.
Rashi was founded in 1986. In 2006 it had an enrollment of approximately 300 students in grades K-8.
References.
Notable alumni- Nathaniel Dorfman Josie Wilson

</doc>
<doc id="9822026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822026" title="Shiprock Airstrip">
Shiprock Airstrip

Shiprock Airstrip , also known as Shiprock Airport, is a public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) south of the central business district of Shiprock, in San Juan County, New Mexico, United States.
This is one of six airports owned by the Navajo Nation; the others being Crownpoint Airport (0E8) in New Mexico, plus Chinle Airport (E91), Kayenta Airport (0V7), Tuba City Airport (T03) and Window Rock Airport (RQE) in Arizona.
Facilities and aircraft.
Shiprock Airstrip covers an area of 104 acres (42 ha) at an elevation of 5,270 feet (1,606 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 2/20 with an asphalt surface measuring 4,840 by 75 feet (1,475 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending April 13, 2009, the airport had 500 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 41 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="9822032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822032" title="Glenn Carano">
Glenn Carano

Glenn Thomas Carano (born November 18, 1955) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League who played for the Dallas Cowboys for seven seasons. He also played for the Pittsburgh Maulers of the United States Football League.
Early years.
Carano was born in San Pedro, California, and attended Earl Wooster High School in Reno, Nevada. He later became the starter at quarterback for the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV). In 1976 he completed 148 of 277 passes for 2,075 yards and 13 touchdowns, while leading his team to the Division II Midwest Regional quarter-final and a No. 7 national ranking. In his college career, he completed 337 of 636 passes for 5,095 yards and 37 touchdowns.
In 1989 he was inducted into the UNLV Athletics Hall of Fame.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Carano was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the second round of the 1977 NFL Draft. During his time with the team, he was a backup to Roger Staubach, then Danny White. He is remembered for replacing the injured White in a 1981 Thanksgiving game against the Chicago Bears and bringing the Cowboys back to win, 10-9. The next game would be the only start in his NFL career, in which he completed 7 of 18 passes for 51 yards, in a 37-17 win against the Baltimore Colts.
Pittsburgh Maulers (USFL).
In 1984 he signed with the Pittsburgh Maulers of the United States Football League, where he completed 53.7% of his passes, for 2,368 yards, 13 touchdowns and 19 interceptions. The next year owner Edward J. DeBartolo, Sr. folded the team, after the USFL announced that they would be switching to a fall schedule in 1986.
Personal life.
Carano served on the Nevada Athletic Commission. His daughter, Gina, is a television personality, retired mixed martial arts fighter, actress and fitness model. His father, Donald L. "Don" Carano, was a hotelier in Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="9822036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822036" title="Saint-Patrice-de-Sherrington, Quebec">
Saint-Patrice-de-Sherrington, Quebec

Saint-Patrice-de-Sherrington is a municipality in Les Jardins-de-Napierville Regional County Municipality in Quebec, Canada, situated in the Montérégie administrative region. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1,971.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9822046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822046" title="WXAJ">
WXAJ

WXAJ, carrying the on-air branding of "99-7 KISSFM," is a Top 40 radio station licensed to Hillsboro, Illinois serving the Springfield, Illinois market. The frequency first went on the air in 1991 and was previously owned by Clear Channel Media + Entertainment, among other companies.

</doc>
<doc id="9822051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822051" title="Night of the Furies">
Night of the Furies

Night of the Furies is The Rosebuds' third album, released April 10, 2007 on Merge Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9822093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822093" title="The Collected Stories of Jean Stafford">
The Collected Stories of Jean Stafford

The Collected Stories of Jean Stafford is a short story collection by Jean Stafford. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="9822104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822104" title="Declan Qualter">
Declan Qualter

Declan Qualter is a hurler for Dublin and St Vincents. Qualter was born in Galway and opted to play hurling for Dublin where he is currently based. Qualter studied in Athlone Institute of Technology where he played in Ryan Cup and Higher Education League Finals. He also won a Fergal Maher Cup medal with Athlone. In 2003 he captained the unsuccessful Athlone team in the Ryan Cup final. In that year he also won the Player of the Year award from the hands of Clare hurling manager Ger Loughnane. Qualter made his debut in the National Hurling League for Dublin in 2007 during the opening game against Kilkenny. The game finished on a draw with a final scoreline of 2-13 to 0-19. Qualter made his Championship debut for Dublin against Wexford in the 2007 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9822114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822114" title="Waking Up Laughing">
Waking Up Laughing

Waking Up Laughing is the ninth album from country singer Martina McBride. This album is the first in McBride's career in which she has both co-written songs and been involved in the production single-handedly. This album produced three chart singles for McBride on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart: "Anyway" at #5, "How I Feel" at #15 and "For These Times" at #35. In the U.S. the album was certified Gold on 12/12/2007 by the 
R.I.A.A.
Content.
"Waking Up Laughing" is the first album of McBride's career in which she co-wrote any of the material. McBride wrote the lead-off single "Anyway" with Brad and Brett Warren of The Warren Brothers. This song reached #5 on the Hot Country Songs charts in early 2007, becoming McBride's first Top Ten country hit in three years. The Warren Brothers and McBride also co-wrote "How I Feel", the second single, with Chris Lindsey and Aimee Mayo.
"For These Times" was inspired by former Republican senator Rick Santorum, who was defeated in 2006, and his daughter. When his daughter began to cry at his loss, the cameras focused on her, inspiring Leslie Satcher to write the song. It was also inspired by her Pastor, who stated "For these times in which we live, you are going to need this book." referring to the Bible. The song received a 2009 Grammy nomination.
"Cry Cry ('Til the Sun Shines)" was covered by former Trick Pony lead vocalist Heidi Newfield on her debut solo album, "What Am I Waiting For", from which it was released as a single in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9822129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822129" title="Dave Pietramala">
Dave Pietramala

Dave Pietramala (born 1967) is the current Head Coach for the Johns Hopkins University Men's Lacrosse team. He was widely regarded as one of the greatest defensemen in lacrosse history, and is a member of the U.S. Lacrosse Hall of Fame. He is the only person to win an NCAA national championship as both a player and coach, and the only person to be named both player and coach of the year. Born in Hicksville, New York, he went to St. Mary's High School.
Playing career.
Pietramala chose to attend Johns Hopkins University, at the advice of his father, George, who wanted him to play for the lacrosse powerhouse. Dave Pietramala stated that he originally intended to go to the University of Maryland: "I loved Coach and loved Maryland ... I grew up a huge basketball fan and they had Len Bias, Keith Gatlin and Lefty Driesell. I thought it was all set. I was going to Maryland."
At Hopkins, Pietramala was a member of the 1987 National Championship team. He won the Schmeisser Award as the nation's top defenseman in 1988 and 1989 and the 1989 Enners Award as the nation's top player. He was also named a first-team All American three times while at Hopkins.
Pietramala also played at the club level for the storied Mount Washington Lacrosse Club in the 1990s, the professional level for the Pittsburgh Bulls in the Major Indoor Lacrosse League, and nationally for the United States Men's National Lacrosse team. He won two world championships in the International Lacrosse Federation World Championship, was named All-World in both 1990 and 1994, and "Best and Fairest Player" (MVP) in 1990.
In addition to these awards, Pietramala was named to the NCAA Silver Anniversary Team in 1995, the All-Time Johns Hopkins Team, and Lacrosse Magazine's All-Century Team. He was inducted into the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 2004.
Coaching career.
After 1991, Pietramala took jobs as an assistant coach at Gilman School, The Johns Hopkins University, the University of Pennsylvania, and Loyola College before returning to Johns Hopkins as its defensive coordinator in 1995. In 1998 he took over the head coaching job at Cornell University, where he was named the national Coach of the Year in 2000.
In 2001, he took the head coaching position at his alma mater, where he has revitalized the Hopkins program. In his nine years at the helm, the Blue Jays have a 106-30 record nine NCAA Tournament appearances, six NCAA Final Four appearances, National Championship game appearances in 2003 and 2008, and the 2005 and 2007 National Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9822162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822162" title="WLCE">
WLCE

WLCE (97.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Album Adult Alternative format. Licensed to Petersburg, Illinois, USA, the station serves the Springfield IL area. The station is currently owned by Long Nine, Inc.
History.
The station went on the air as WLUJ on 1986-01-24. on 2001-08-10, the station changed its call sign to WLGM, on 2002-02-12 to WYVR, on 2007-02-17 to the current WLCE, WLCE was once the call letters of WRFF in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, previously branded as "Alice 104.5".

</doc>
<doc id="9822172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822172" title="Kizu Station">
Kizu Station

Kizu Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9822186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822186" title="Jerry Duplessis">
Jerry Duplessis

Jerry 'Wonder' Duplessis is a Grammy Award winning Haitian-born musical composer and record producer. His first major success was as producer for The Fugees' 1996 album "The Score". He also played the bass guitar with The Fugees, and band member Wyclef Jean is his cousin.
Music career.
Early life.
Jerry 'Wonda' Duplessis was born and raised in a suburb of Port-au-Prince, Haiti. At 14, he began playing the bass. Early influences at this time included Aston Barrett, and James Jamerson. At 16, he was sent to the US and was raised by his father and his aunt who was also Wyclef's mother. The basement of their family home soon became their home studio.
From church to some time at the Institute of Audio Research, and gigs wherever he could play, their home studio "Booga Basement" was opened serving artists near New Jersey. Wyclef, Samuel Pras Michel, and Lauryn Hill would then unite to create a new Caribbean style group ultimately known as The Fugees. Wonda and Wyclef would align to provide production for the group which would be signed by Ruffhouse/Columbia. Label mates at the time would include Cypress Hill and Kris Kross.
Jerry Wonda/Wyclef Jean years.
Wonda would divide his time touring as a bassist and musical director with The Fugees and producing for upcoming artists such as Destiny's Child with a remix of "No No No." He attributes his musical success to tailoring each of his productions specifically tailored to a particular artist. “When we are on stage every song is different, every show is different, and when working with other artists, I make the beat for the specific artist,” Wonda explained. “I find out what fits each artist before delivering the song.” Several productions ranging from hip hop, pop, r&b, rock, soul, and reggae would follow.
Wonda and Wyclef would make history in 2000. Santana's "Supernatural" single "Maria Maria," which Wonda co-produced, held the No. 1 chart position for 10 weeks. In 2006, the duo produced Shakira's worldwide hit "Hips Don't Lie" from album "Oral Fixation Vol. 2". It became the top selling song of the 21st century and reached No. 1 in more than 50 countries, leading Shakira to be the 1st female Colombian singer to top Billboard's Hot 100 chart.
Film scoring.
In 1996, Wonda would co-produce The Fugees All-Star Ali tribute "Rumble In The Jungle" featuring A Tribe Called Quest and Busta Rhymes for the Muhammad Ali documentary "When We Were Kings." The Warren Beatty film Bulworth includes Wonda's "Ghetto Superstar (That Is What You Are)" performed by Pras Michel, Ol' Dirty Bastard and Mýa and "How Come" by Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour & Canibus.
Alongside Wyclef and Andrea Guerra, Wonder wrote and produced the theme song "Million Voices" for the movie Hotel Rwanda, which was nominated for a Golden Globe in 2005. The same song was later nominated for a Grammy Award in 2006. Other film credits include The Manchurian Candidate, Dave Chappelle's "Block Party," and "50 First Dates."
In 2001, Wonda built Platinum Sound Recording Studios in Times Square, NYC.
Yéle Haiti.
Wonda and Wyclef co-founded non-profit Yéle Haiti providing assistance to Haiti in education, health, environment and community development. “We created Yele Haiti because we are from Haiti,” said Wonda. “We want to give people from the impoverished nation equal access to education and opportunity and equip them with the necessary tools to be self reliant.” Wonda has hosted several diplomats and activists to the country including former President Bill Clinton, Angelina Jolie, and Petra Nemcova.
2009 - present.
In 2009, Wonda began producing music on his own, founding a production company called Wonda Music and placing his first major record with teen sensation, Justin Bieber for "U Smile." He has since followed up several placements to include artists Mary J. Blige, Musiq Soulchild, Keri Hilson, Estelle, Busta Rhymes, Miguel and Lupe Fiasco. Wonda began signing artists, producers, and songwriters to his Wonda Music imprint, beginning with Sean McGee, Annekei and a young musician/producer named YFame. Producers Arden 'Keyz' Altino, Akene 'the Champ' Dunkley, Oliver 'Akos' Castelli and Harold O'Neal signed to the label shortly after.
Artists currently on the Wonda Music roster include YFame, Viviane Ndour (Viviane) and Olivia Longott.

</doc>
<doc id="9822208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822208" title="MiTAC">
MiTAC

MiTAC International Corp.(神達電腦股份有限公司) is a Taiwan electronics company established December 8, 1982. It is a subsidiary of MiTAC-Synnex Group [http://www.msgroup.com.tw/index_en.asp].Through a 100% stock swap from MiTAC International Corp., MiTAC Holdings Corp(神達投資控股)() was established on September 12, 2013, and listed and traded on Taiwan Stock Exchange under code 3706. Shifting global economic trends, the proliferation of smartphones and tablet products, the emergence big data and the growth of cloud computing have prompted MiTAC to execute the formation of the holding company, which benefits MiTAC by transitioning it into the cloud services industry with a dual focus on cloud services and client services.
On 22 February 2007, MiTAC signed a definitive agreement to buy portable navigation device (PND) operations of the Navman brand from Brunswick Corporation.
MiTAC merged TYANN Computer on March 22, 2007 for its server business. Therefore, MiTAC has not only OEM business for top-five server brands, but also TYAN focusing on value-added reseller and system integration market.
Products.
Server, Storage, Data Center, High-Performance Computing/Supercomputer, GPU, embedded system<br>
All-in-one PC, POS, Thin Client, Motherboards<br>
Infotainment systems for automotive OEM's, Automotive navigation system, Drive Video Recorder,<br> Outdoor Navigator, Smart watch, Wearable computer
Milestone.
　 • The first Taiwanese manufacturer to adopt SMT technology, raising product quality and reducing product sizes. <br>
　 • Developed the world's fastest 80386-based personal computer. <br>
　 • Was the only vendor, other than IBM, able to field a complete PC product line with 286,386, and 486-based products. <br>
　 • Selected as an Outstanding Vendor by the Taiwan Ministry of Economic Affairs.
　 • Officially listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE: 2315). (Delisted in 2013). <br>
　 • Established MiTAC Technology ( now called GETAC) through strategic alliance with GE of the USA to specialize in the national defense and industrial notebook PCs. <br>
　 • Won the Outstanding Exporter and Market Distribution Excellence Award from the Taiwan Ministry of Economic Affairs. 
　 • Quickened the pace of internationalization, expanding its production facilities in the UK, in order meet demand in the European market. <br>
　 • Listed as a Level-A vendor for environmental protection in an assessment of Taiwan's 500 largest manufacturers by the Environmental Protection Agency. <br>
　 • Received award for outstanding import/export performance from the Taiwan Ministry of Economic Affairs.
　 • Acquired American subsidiary and Compac (now Synnex Corporation) thereby increasing MiTAC International's competitiveness in the US market. <br>
　 • Established subsidiaries in Mexico and New Zealand. <br>
　 • MiTAC Shunde in China officially commenced operations.
　 • Won the Export Market Distribution Award (Japan) and Director’s Award.<br>
　 • Won the Taiwan Excellence Logo with the green computer SUPERGREEN 4068.
　 • MiTAC International signed a formal agreement with Compaq to establish a strategic alliance.<br>
　 • Won the Taiwan Excellence Award with the notebook PC 4023 and the monitor 1766PD. <br>
　 • Won the Outstanding Taiwan Science Park Enterprise Award 1995 (3rd prize in productivity and 5th prize in the number of patents awarded).
　 • Won the Taiwan Excellence Award with MiTAC notebook PCs, desktop PCs and monitors.<br>
　 • Won the Gold Prize for the Enterprise EDI Application Model Business from the Taiwan Ministry of Economic Affairs. <br>
　 • Won the Award for International Trade 1996 from the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
　 • MiTAC International's US subsidiary Synnex successfully acquired well-known American distribution channel vendor Computer-Land.<br>
　 • Won the Bronze Prize at the 6th National Invention Award, an approval of MiTAC’s R&D capacity. <br>
　 • Won Best Choice of Computex with the notebook PC.<br>
　 • Monitor won a Taiwan Symbol of Excellence award.
　 • Won the Taiwan Excellence Award with the LCD PC, LCD monitor and notebook PC products.<br>
　 • Listed by the Taiwan Ministry of Economic Affairs' Bureau of Foreign Trade as #10 for import/export performance, and ranked #17 among the Top 20 Private Sector Manufacturers for 1998, as published in the Ministry of Economic Affair's yearbook. 
　 • Announced the taking of a stake in well-known American computer motherboard design house Tyan, thereby entering the market for high-end motherboards.<br>
　 • Won the Taiwan Excellence Award with the notebook PC.
　 • Established MiTAC Computer (Shanghai) Ltd., MiTAC Computer (Kunshan) Ltd., and Shanghai MiTAC Research Ltd. to expand production and respond to strategic deployments.<br>
　 • Won the Taiwan Excellence Award with the LCD monitor, web PDA, PDA and router products.
　 • Received a silver medal at the tenth annual National Invention Awards.<br>
　 • Ranked #7 among corporate entities in Taiwan for patent applications in 2001, a large advance from its #14 ranking in 2000. It was ranked #8 in terms of patent approvals. <br>
　 • MiTAC International's US subsidiary Synnex USA completed acquisition of all shares of Merisel Canada, Inc.<br>
　 • Won the Taiwan Excellence Award with the server, router and CF card.
　 • MiTAC International Group celebrated the 20th anniversary of establishing its business operations headquarters in Taiwan. <br>
　 • Became the first domestic vendor in Taiwan to apply for and complete certification of the government's B Plan and in doing so received an award from the Ministry of Economic Affairs' Department of Industrial Technology. <br>
　 • Bought Tyan Computer, a specialist in the design of high end motherboards. <br>
　 • Jointly established Y.S. Educational Foundation with member companies in the MiTAC-Synnex Group. <br>
　 • Won the Supplier Meritorious Performance Award from SUN for the second time. <br>
　 • Selected by the Institute for Information Industry as one of six companies in 2002 with the richest portfolios of intellectual property assets, and was ranked #7 for the number of patent approvals. <br>
　 • MiTAC Computer (Shunde) Ltd. was ranked the top fifth exporter in Guangdong and the top 18th exported in China. <br>
　 • Established the consumer brand Mio DigiWalker and announced the first ultra-slim PDA products.<br>
　 • Won the 11th Taiwan Excellence Award with the Mio DigiWalker Series, including Pocket PC Mio 338 and Mio 728. <br>
　 • Selected by the Institute for Information Industry as one of six companies in 2002 with the richest portfolios of intellectual property assets, and was ranked #7 for the number of patent approvals.
　 • Synnex Corporation of the MiTAC Group listed on New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: SNX). <br>
　 • Won the 12th Taiwan Excellence Award with the Mio DigiWalker Series, including the Mio 339 PDA, Mio 558 PDA, Mio 336 PDA, Mio 168 GPS and Mio 8390 smartphone. <br>
　 • Won the Product of the Year 2003 with the Mio 168 GPS from The Korea Times. <br>
　 • Mio, a MiTAC independent brand, announced the world’s first dual-band, dual-card PDA and smartphone; and the world’s first PDA with built-in GPS: Mio 168.
　 • “The 98/2 MiTAC Vitamin Plan” published by Commonwealth Publishing Co., Ltd. won the Golden Book Award from SMEA of the Taiwan Ministry of Economic Affairs. <br>
　 • Won the Service Excellence Award 2004 organized by Accenture and CommonWealth Magazine. <br>
　 • Won the 13th Taiwan Excellence Award with the smartphone. <br>
　 • Mio announced the first portable navigation product with built-in e-travel book.<br>
　 • The shipping volume of navigation products commanded the world’s third largest.
　 • Ranked 67th in the World Top 100 High-tech Enterprises by Business Week. <br>
　 • Won the Best Quality Supplier of the Year from Dell. <br>
　 • Won the Best Supplier Performance from Fujitsu Siemens. <br>
　 • Won the Supplier Excellence Award from NEC.
　 • Ranked 71st in the World Top 100 High-tech Enterprises by Business Week. <br>
　 • Won the Preferred Quality Supplier Award from Intel. <br>
　 • Won the Supplier Meritorious Performance Award from SUN. <br>
　 • Incorporated Mio Technology Korea. <br>
　 • Won the iF Design Award China 2006 with the H610 portable navigation device; rated as one of the Best 20 Products of 2006 by Business Week US and recommended in the Cool Gear 2006 Tech Buyer’s Guide by Time Magazine US.
　 • Acquired the Navman trademark from the Brunswick Corporation, the related operating assets and liabilities (excluding cash) and the equipment of Navman Europe Ltd., Naviart Ltd., and Naviart Information Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. <br>
　 • Incorporated Navman Technology Australia PTY LTD. in Sydney, Australia and Navman Technology NZ LTD. in Auckland, New Zealand. <br>
　 • MiTAC acquired Tyan Computer Corporation. <br>
　 • Won the Supplier Meritorious Performance Award from SUN. <br>
　 • Won the 4th Taiwan Superior Brand with Mio from Taiwan External Trade Development Council. <br>
　 • Won the Best Choice of Computex 2007 with the Mio C720t PND. <br>
　 • Won the iF Design Award China 2007 with the Mio A702 GPS phone and P560 PDA navigation. <br>
　 • Rated as one of the Potential 99 Businesses in Taiwan by ET Today. <br>
　 • Mio was in the Top Three Handheld and Mobile GPS Navigation Devices in Q3 2007 (According to Canalys and IDC). <br>
　 • High-level server products passed the Intel Qualified Server Board (IQSB) certification.
　 • Signs on to be the Exclusive Global Positioning Equipment Senior Sponsor of the World Expo 2010. <br>
　 • Won the iF Design Award China 2008 with the Mio C230 PND.<br>
　 • TYAN motherboards TN28 and B4988 were ranked the 16th and 20th in the Supercomputer Institute Top 500.<br>
　 • Won the USA’s NASA contract with the TYAN THUNDER N6650W s2915.<br>
　 • Won the Supplier Meritorious Performance Award from leading server supplier SUN.<br>
　 • Won the Outstanding Supplier Award from HP.<br>
　 • Purchased Magellan Navigation Inc. and the Consumer Satellite Navigator BU of its subsidiary to make Magellan one of satellite navigator brands of MiTAC.
　 • Established US subsidiary MiTAC Digital Corporation to expand the handheld GPS business to North America. <br>
　 • Awarded the Green Partner Certificate from Sony.<br>
　 • Won the Best Supplier of Year 2009 from Riverbed.<br>
　 • Won the contract from international renowned websites MSN and Amazon with the TYAN S8208 and S5376.<br>
　 • Won the iF Product Design Award 2009 with the Mio Moov 380 Connected PND and Mio Leap K1 dual-face mobile phone.<br>
　 • Won the iF Product Design Award China 2009 with the Mio Moov S700 and S401 PND.<br>
　 • Won the Best Choice of Computex with the Mio K75 GPS phone.<br>
　 • Invested in Loyalty Founder Enterprise to enhance vertical integration capacity.
　 • Purchased the system integration and assembly businesses from Synnex Corporation.<br>
　 • Magellan launched the first outdoor GPS equipped with treasure finding games.<br>
　 • MiTAC servers and storage devices were used at the World Expo 2010 Shanghai China.<br>
　 • The TYAN FT72 was ranked the 19th in the Supercomputer Institute Top 500 and the 3rd in China.<br>
　 • The first manufacturer to pass the ISO/IEC 20000 IT service process certification.<br>
　 • Completed the world’s first PND PCR (Personal Navigation Device Product Category Rule).<br>
　 • Won the iF Design Award 2010 with the multimedia tablet PC Valinor and outdoor GPS-Compass.<br>
　 • Won the iF Communication Design Award 2010 with the online game - I Love Green City.<br>
　 • Mio was elected as the No. 1 brand of GPS products in the Ideal Brand in Consumers organized by Management Magazine.<br>
　 • Won the Best Support Award 2009 from Inspur.<br>
　 • Won the Best Supplier of 2009 from Dawning.
　 • Won the iF Design Award 2011 with the Magellan ToughCase rugged iPhone case and Magellan eXplorist 710 outdoor GPS.<br>
　 • Won the 19th Taiwan Excellence Award with the multimedia tablet PC-Valinor. <br>
　 • Won the CES Innovations 2011 with the Magellan RoadMate 3065 PND.<br>
　 • Mio was elected for three consecutive years as the No. 1 brand of GPS products in the Ideal Brand in Consumers organized by Management Magazine, Taiwan.
　 • Magellan Wireless Back-up Camera Receives 2012 CES Innovations Award.<br>
　 • Mio was elected as the No. 1 brand of GPS products in the 2012 Ideal Brand in Consumers organized by Management Magazine, Taiwan.<br>
　 • Won the「2012 Computex Best-Choice」 with the MioCARE 6290 professional tablet.<br>
　 • Unveiled its First ARM® Processor-Based Servers. <br>
　 • Launched Mio Cyclo Series for cycling and fitness user.<br>
　 • Won iF Product Design Award 2012 with Magellan Switch.
　 • Mio MiVue R25 back-view mirror digital video recorder got “Gold Award of IT Month”, and MiVue M300 digital video recorder for motors got “Innovative Products of IT Month” as well.<br>
　 • Magellan Echo, the smart running watch, was selected as “Best of Outdoor Retailer Summer 2013” and “Best-in-Show” awards.<br>
　 • MiTAC Holdings Corporation was established on September 12 and listed and traded on Taiwan Stock Exchange under stock code 3706.<br>
　 • Mio was elected as the No. 1 brand of GPS products in the 2013 Ideal Brand in Consumers organized by Management Magazine, Taiwan. <br>
　 • Won iF Product Design Award 2013 with MioCARE A100 professional tablet.<br>
　 • Won 2013 CES Innovations, Design and Engineering Award with Magellan SmartGPS.<br>
　 • Magellan SmartGPS was awarded by AOL Autos as Best Gadget of CES.
　 • Won 2014 CES Innovations, Design and Engineering Award with Magellan Echo, smart running watch.<br>
　 • Mio was elected again as the No. 1 brand of GPS products in the 2014 Ideal Brand in Consumers organized by Management Magazine, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="9822214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822214" title="Equinunk, Pennsylvania">
Equinunk, Pennsylvania

Equinunk is a small, rural unincorporated community in Wayne County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Equinunk is pronounced 'Equi-nok' (not 'Equi-nunk').
The village is said to have been founded on the eve of the birth of a girl in March 1892. Since then, Equinunk has grown to become the home to 1200 (as of Jan. 2012.) The village stands at an elevation of 900 ft, where the Equinunk Creek flows into the Delaware River. While Equinunk is situated on the southern shore, the northern shore carries a commercial, single-track rail line which has been in operation since 1869. Due to its proximity to the tracks, cargo train enthusiasts from around the country come to Equinunk to view the often 50+ car trains roll along the winding Delaware River. With a fairly even sex distribution and the median age of its inhabitants at 49 years, Equinunk is statistically similar to many other towns and villages in the area. However, its small size makes it unique.
The village is served by a United States Postal Office branch (zip code 18417), Hunt's General Store, an independent retail establishment, a traditional Methodist church (where one can hear one of the most beautiful renditions of the Greensleeves version of 'Oh, Holy Night' at the famous Christmas service) and a local bar. Wendy's Village Barn Restaurant recently closed its doors in 2011 but it remains to be seen who will take over the hole left by this business' absence. 
The Equinunk Historical Society began with a series of organizational meetings starting in March 1981, with the stated purpose of bringing together those people interested in the history of Equinunk, Stockport, Dillontown, Lordville, and surrounding areas of northern Wayne County, and to discover and collect any material which may help to establish or illustrate the history of the area and provide for the preservation of such material and for its accessibility as far as may be feasible, to all who wish to study or examine it.
Specifically, the society promotes the Joel Hill Water-Powered Sawmill.
and the Calder House Museum.
Despite its small size, the area has two long-running summer camps: Camp Equinunk, which was founded in 1920, and Camp Blue Ridge, which was founded in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="9822235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822235" title="Hoda Barakat">
Hoda Barakat

Hoda Barakat () (born 1952) is an acclaimed Lebanese novelist who lived much of her life in Beirut and later moved to Paris, where she now resides. Her works, written in Arabic, have been translated into many languages, including English, Hebrew, French, Italian, Spanish, Turkish, Dutch and Greek.
Biography.
Barakat was raised in the Maronite Christian town of Bsharré, Lebanon, where she lived until she moved to Beirut to study French Literature at the Lebanese University. She graduated in 1975. In 1975-76, she lived in Paris where she worked on a PhD, but decided to return home when the Lebanese Civil War started. During this period she worked as a teacher, translator and journalist. It is also during this war that all of her later works are set. In 1985, she published her first work a collection of short stories called "Za’irat" (Women Visitors). She moved to Paris in 1989 and has lived there to the present. Here she published a series of major works including "Hajar al-Dahik" ("The Stone of Laughter", 1990) and "Ahl el-Hawa" (People of Love, 1993). In 2004, she visited the UK on the first Banipal Live UK tour.
In fall 2013, Barakat was appointed the first Arabic Scholar in Residence at the University of Texas at Austin Middle Eastern Studies Program.
Awards.
Her first work "Hajar al-Dahik" ("The Stone of Laughter"), which is the first Arabic work to have a homosexual man as its main character, won the Al-Naqid prize. Her third novel, "Harit al-miyah" ("The Tiller of Waters"), won the 2001 Naguib Mahfouz Medal for Literature.
She was decorated with the ‘Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres’ in 2002 and the ‘Chevalier de l'Ordre du Mérite National’ in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9822237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822237" title="Conguillío Lake">
Conguillío Lake

Conguillío Lake is a lake located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile, within the Conguillío National Park. The lake was formed by the damming of the Trufultruful River caused by a lava flow from the Llaima volcano.

</doc>
<doc id="9822251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822251" title="Live Fast, Die Fast">
Live Fast, Die Fast

Live Fast, Die Fast: Wicked Tales of Booze, Birds and Bad Language is the debut album by heavy metal band, Wolfsbane. The album was released in 1989 and produced by Rick Rubin (The Cult, Slayer, Danzig, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Metallica, System of a Down) for his label Def American.

</doc>
<doc id="9822257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822257" title="Peter Gilles">
Peter Gilles

Peter Gilles was born 1776 in France and died 1839 in Philadelphia, United States. He emigrated to the United States around 1815 with his father Peter Gilles Sr. and his brother, Henri Noël Gilles.
Peter Gilles was a violoncellist and one of the first American Composers He was a founding member of the Musical Fund Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9822276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822276" title="James Bradfield Moody">
James Bradfield Moody

James Bradfield Moody (born 1976) is Executive Director, Development at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation. He is also a panel member of the ABC Television show “The New Inventors” and co-author of The Sixth Wave: How to succeed in a resource-limited world with Bianca Nogrady.
Career.
From 2004 to 2009 he held various roles at CSIRO including General Manager, Government and International, General Manager, International and Director, Divisional Business Strategy for the Division of Land and Water.
Moody also sits on the board of the Brisbane Institute, the Advisory Council of the Australian Bureau of Statistics and is an Australian National Commissioner for UNESCO. He has previously sat on the boards of the National Australia Day Council, the Advisory Board of the Bureau of Meteorology and the Australian Spatial Information Business Association. He was also previously a member of the Federal Government’s National Environmental Education Council and President of Young Engineers Australia.
Moody completed his Doctor of Philosophy in Business Administration/Innovation in 2004 at the Australian National University for research into Complex Product Systems in the Australian National Innovation System focusing on the space industry. He also has a Bachelors of Electrical and Electronic Systems Engineering and Bachelors of Information Technology from the Queensland University of Technology.
From 2001 to 2003 Moody was the Managing Director of Natural Resource Intelligence (NRI), a spatial information company, and part of the Natural Intelligence (ASX: NAI) group. NAI was reborn in 2004 as Commoditel (ASX: CMO), and again as ComTel (ASX: CMO).
From 1999 to 2001 Moody was responsible for systems engineering of Fedsat, the first Australian Satellite to be launched in thirty years, funded by the Cooperative Research Centre for Satellite Systems (CRCSS). This included working with UK firm Space Innovations Ltd who were sub-contracted to build the satellite bus and assisting in transferring the technology back to Australia.
From 2000 to 2002 Moody was co-facilitator and Australian representative of the youth advisory council to the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP). He was also a founder and co-chair of the Space Generation Advisory Council in support of the UN Programme on Space Applications, a group of students and young space professionals. James was also a member of the Science and Technology delegation to the UN World Summit on Sustainable Development in 2002, was a member and executive secretary of the taskforce on Science and Technology for the Millennium Development Goals and was invited to attend the World Economic Forum as a Global Leader of Tomorrow in 2003 and Young Global Leader in 2005.
Honour.
In 2000, Moody was named Young Professional Engineer of the Year and in 2005 was named one of the 100 most influential engineers in Australia. While holding this title he promoted the engineering profession and his particular brand of ‘socially conscious engineering’. In 2000 Moody was also awarded Young Queenslander of the Year and in 2001 was a finalist in the Young Australian of the Year awards, in the Science and Technology category.
Publishing.
Moody is also co-author with Bianca Nogrady of The Sixth Wave, published by Random House - a book on how to succeed in a resource-limited world.
Personal life.
Moody is married to Geraldine Chin Moody and lives in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="9822292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822292" title="Combined Independent Colleges">
Combined Independent Colleges

The Combined Independent Colleges (CIC) Junior Sports Association is a group of 14 independent schools in Queensland and one is located on the Gold Coast.
The association is primarily dedicated to the promotion and organisation of sport between the member colleges but other co-curricular activities such as chess and debating are also conducted. 
The CIC was originally known as the CCC (Combined Catholic Colleges) but changed after some Anglican schools were accepted into the association.
Other schools who have previously been members include; De La Salle College, St. Columban's College, Marcellin College, St. Paul's School, John Paul College, Ormiston College and Canterbury College.
The executive of the association rotates amongst the member schools from year to year. In 2011 the President is from Nudgee College. Moreton Bay Boys' College will take over the presidency in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9822336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822336" title="Cloverleaf High School">
Cloverleaf High School

Cloverleaf High School is a public high school located in Westfield Township, between the villages of Lodi and Westfield Center in Medina County, Ohio, United States. It is the only high school in the Cloverleaf Local School District.
The school's colors are forest green and white. 
Academic achievement.
Cloverleaf has received the highest rating awarded by the Ohio Department of Education of 'Excellent' for three straight years.
Sports.
Suburban League.
Cloverleaf is one of the eight schools who compete in the Suburban League. They joined the league in 1997.
These sports are currently in the Suburban League:
In December 2013, the school announced they will leave the Suburban League and join the Portage Trail Conference for athletics. The school cited declining enrollment as the main reason for the move. The move is effective starting with the 2015-2016 academic year.

</doc>
<doc id="9822369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822369" title="Paul Morgan Donald">
Paul Morgan Donald

Paul Morgan Donald is a Canadian musician, composer, and actor based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. He is the musical director of "Die-Nasty", Edmonton's long-running improvised soap opera. He has a long-running association with the River City Shakespeare Festival as both an actor and composer, and has worked at most of Edmonton's theatres including the Citadel Theatre. He has twice been honoured with the Elizabeth Sterling Haynes Award, as Director of the Edmonton International Fringe Festival production of "Reefer Madness: the Musical", and as co-composer (with Joey Trembley and Jonathan Christensen) of Catalyst Theatre's "Songs for Sinners".
As a theatre composer, Paul's credits include over 20 original musicals, as well as contemporary scores for the Free Will Shakespeare Festival and original scores and sound designs for theatres across Western Canada. His musicals include Kink! a musical about 1950's pin-up icon Bettie Page,The Adventures of Wanda & Jack, an alt-country meditation on life on the road, written with partner Michele Brown, and Songs for a Dark Lady, re-assembling the words of William Shakespeare into a one-man musical about Shakespeare's tortured relationship with his muse, the Dark Lady of the Sonnets.
Songs for a Dark Lady is the working title for Paul's upcoming CD combining two great loves: Shakespeare and Jazz. The expected release date for the CD is Summer 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9822379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822379" title="Chemical Monitoring and Management">
Chemical Monitoring and Management

The Chemical Monitoring and Management Module is part of the New South Wales, Higher School Certificate (HSC) Chemistry course studied by Secondary Students in their final year of schooling (Year 12). Students study four modules, 3 compulsory, and 1 of the 5 elective modules.
The 3 compulsory modules are:
The five option modules, of which one may be studied are:
The module "Chemical Monitoring and Management" is designed to teach students studying Chemistry:
The syllabus was created by the New South Wales Board of Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="9822416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822416" title="Andy Greene">
Andy Greene

Andrew "Andy" Greene (born October 30, 1982) is an American ice hockey player who plays for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
On July 1, 2011, Greene was signed to a four-year contract extension with the Devils.
At the conclusion of the 2012-13 NHL season, Andy Greene was awarded the New Jersey Devils MVP Award at their annual team awards ceremony.
At the conclusion of the 2013-14 NHL season, Andy Greene was awarded the New Jersey Devils Unsung Hero Award at their annual team awards ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="9822438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822438" title="Oinochori">
Oinochori

Oinochori (, meaning "village of wine", before 1927: Άνω Κάνιανη - "Ano Kaniani") is a small village (2001 population: 114) in the municipal unit of Gravia, Phocis, Greece. It is located at an altitude of approximately 900 meters on the slope of Mount Oiti. Ruins just outside the village are thought to be from the Dorian or pre-Dorian city of Dryopis.

</doc>
<doc id="9822446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822446" title="Citizens for an Alternative Tax System">
Citizens for an Alternative Tax System

Citizens for an Alternative Tax System (CATS) is a national tax reform public interest group in the United States. Their Las Vegas chapter proposes, "...that Congress should eliminate the IRS and all income taxes, corporate and personal; estate, gift and inheritance taxes, plus many excise taxes; replacing them with a single-rate tax on consumption - a national retail sales tax.
According to sources, CATS was founded by Steven L. Hayes and shares a similar mission to national retail sales tax (NRST) and FairTax proponents such as John McCain, Fred Thompson, Mike Huckabee, Tom Tancredo, Duncan Hunter, Mike Gravel, John Lindner and Saxby Chambliss. Early in its existence it enjoyed the support of the Church of Scientology, apparently as the organization's end goal involved the dissolution of the IRS at a time when Scientology was struggling to regain its tax-exempt status.
CATS was incorporated in October 1990 and expanded from nine local offices to over 300 chapters across the country. In the first years, the CATS national office conducted over 3,500 radio shows and distributed thousands of flyers through its growing grassroots network.

</doc>
<doc id="9822471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822471" title="Republican Syndicalist Party">
Republican Syndicalist Party

The Republican Syndicalist Party ("Parti républicain syndicaliste", PRS) was a French political party founded on June 10, 1928 by Georges Valois following the dissolution of the fascist "Faisceau" party. The PRS counted among its members Charles Albert, a former anarchist who had turned neo-Jacobin, Jacques Arthuys, Hubert Bourguin and René Capitant, a future left-wing Gaullist. Although it was close to fascism and to some far-right leagues, the PRS later joined the left-wing, and several of its members, including Georges Valois himself, took part in the French Resistance. It is representative of the French non-conformist movement of the 1930s.
The PRS published a press organ, the "Cahiers Bleus" which published at the Librairie Valois edition its first numero on 15 August 1928 and its 119th and last issue on 23 May 1932, during the Second "Cartel des gauches" (Left-wing Coalition). The "Cahiers Bleus" were a monthly and bi-monthly, with the subtitle ""Pour la république syndicale: organe de culture générale et d'organisation""" (For the Trade-Unions' Republic: Organ of "Culture générale" and Organisation"). Its aim was to develop a new economy, founded on trade unions and corporatism. Collaborators to the "Cahiers Bleus" included Edouard Berth, who had co-founded the "Cercle Proudhon" with Valois, Marcel Déat, a future neo-socialist excluded from the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) and then collaborationist, Bertrand de Jouvenel, co-founder of the liberal Mont Pelerin Society, and Pierre Mendès France, future Prime minister during the Fourth Republic, from the young guard ("jeunes loups") of the Radical-Socialist Party. The "Cahiers bleus" became the "Chantiers coopératifs" (Co-operative Workshops ?), then followed by the "Cahiers bleus. 2e serie." (1931-1932).

</doc>
<doc id="9822481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822481" title="Susan Batson">
Susan Batson

Susan Batson is an American producer, actress, author, acting coach, and a life member of the Actors Studio. Susan's mother, Ruth Batson, was a noted civil rights activist. She trained with Harold Clurman, Uta Hagen, Herbert Berghof, and Lee Strasberg. She coaches actresses such as Nicole Kidman and Juliette Binoche. Susan Batson is considered one of the most significant coaches in the world.
Acting coach.
As an acting coach, Susan Batson has had many famous students. See Black Nexxus for her acting studio and notable students.

</doc>
<doc id="9822488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822488" title="1929 Rye Cove, Virginia tornado outbreak">
1929 Rye Cove, Virginia tornado outbreak

The 1929 tornado at Rye Cove, Virginia was the deadliest among a potent tornado outbreak that swept from southwest to northeast along the Appalachian mountains from Alabama to Maryland in May 1929. This outbreak is notable as one of the worst to affect the states of Maryland and Virginia, and as one of the few observed, intense tornado outbreaks affecting Appalachia.
The Rye Cove tornado is the deadliest in Virginia history. 13 people were killed and many others were injured when the tornado struck and destroyed the community school at midday, including 12 students and one teacher. All of the fatalities and most of the damage from the tornado occurred at the school.
Apart from the Rye Cove tornado, destructive tornadoes associated with this outbreak also struck Morgantown, WV, and in a series from Woodville (Rappahannock County), VA to the Frederick, MD area. Western Virginia was particularly hard-hit, with additional tornadoes confirmed in Alleghany, Bath, Culpeper, Fauquier and Loudoun Counties. One of these tornadoes (near Culpeper) also destroyed a school, but the storm struck during the evening after classes had been dismissed for the day. 
The Carter Family recorded a song about the Rye Cove tornado in the early 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="9822509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822509" title="Jordan Sonnenblick">
Jordan Sonnenblick

Jordan Sonnenblick (born July 4, 1969) is an American writer of young-adult fiction. He is a graduate of New York City's Stuyvesant High School (1987), and of the University of Pennsylvania.
Personal life.
Sonnenblick was born on July 4, 1969, at the army base in Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri. He grew up in Staten Island, New York. He married his wife in 1991, after graduating from college, and they moved to Pennsylvania. He now resides in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania with his wife and children. As a result, he frequently visits Orefield Middle School to talk about his books.
Career.
Sonnenblick taught 8th grade English at Phillipsburg Middle School in New Jersey for eleven years before he decided to start writing books, debuting with the novel Drums, Girls, and Dangerous Pie. The inspiration for his debut novel is the cancer-stricken brother of one of his students. He has always wanted to be an author and also plays the guitar and drums.

</doc>
<doc id="9822549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822549" title="Lanreotide">
Lanreotide

Lanreotide (INN) is a medication used in the management of acromegaly and symptoms caused by neuroendocrine tumors, most notably carcinoid syndrome. It is a long-acting analogue of somatostatin, like octreotide.
Lanreotide (as lanreotide acetate) is manufactured by Ipsen, and marketed under the trade name Somatuline. It is available in several countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada, and was approved for sale in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on August 30, 2007.
Pharmacology.
Lanreotide is a synthetic analogue of somatostatin, a naturally occurring inhibitory hormone which blocks the release of several other hormones, including growth hormone, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), insulin and glucagon. Lanreotide binds to the same receptors as somatostatin, although with higher affinity to peripheral receptors, and has similar activity. However, while somatostatin is quickly broken down in the body (within minutes), lanreotide has a much longer half-life, and produces far more prolonged effects.
The efficacy of lanreotide has not been extensively studied, and results differ greatly between trials and formulations.
Indications.
Lanreotide is used in the treatment of acromegaly, due to both pituitary and non-pituitary growth hormone-secreting tumors, and the management of symptoms caused by neuroendocrine tumors, particularly carcinoid tumors and VIPomas. In the United States and Canada, lanreotide is only indicated for the treatment of acromegaly. In the United Kingdom, it is also indicated in the treatment of thyrotrophic adenoma, a rare tumor of the pituitary gland which secretes TSH.
Interestingly, lanreotide also shows activity against non-endocrine tumors, and, along with other somatostatin analogues, is being studied as a possible general antitumor agent.
Side effects.
The main side effects of lanreotide treatment are mild to moderate pain at the injection site and gastrointestinal disturbances, such as diarrhea, nausea and vomiting. Isolated cases of gallstone formation have been associated with use of lanreotide, particularly over long periods of time.
Formulations.
Lanreotide is available in two formulations: a sustained release formulation (sold under the trade name Somatuline LA), which is injected intramuscularly every ten or fourteen days, and an extended release formulation (UK trade name Somatuline Autogel, or Somatuline Depot in the U.S.), which is administered subcutaneously once a month.
Self-assembling properties.
Lanreotide has been shown to spontaneously self-assemble into monodisperse nanotubes of 24.4 nm diameter and has been thereafter used as a fruitful and versatile model system in several biophysical studies.

</doc>
<doc id="9822561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822561" title="Tim Downs">
Tim Downs

Tim Downs is an American author best known for his "Bug Man" series of novels featuring forensic entomologist Dr. Nick Polchak. The series includes the books "Like Flies To A Corpse" later renamed "Shoofly Pie" (2003), "Chop Shop" (2004), "First the Dead" (2007), "Less Than Dead" (2008), "Ends of the Earth" (2009), as well as, a new release entitled "Nick of Time" (2011).
In addition, Downs is the author of the novels, "Plague Maker" (2006), "Head Game" (2007) and "Wonders Never Cease" (2010). Although not a "Bug Man" novel, "Plague Maker" featured a cameo by Dr. Polchak.
Downs is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Indiana University. While attending college, he created a comic strip, "Downstown", which was printed in numerous college newspapers from 1974 through 1979, even after Downs' graduation in 1976. Three collections of "Downstown" were published by the Indiana Daily Student: "This is Winning?" (1977); "With Love, Chuck" (1978); and "Get in There and Quit" (1978).
On March 24, 1980, the strip entered syndication with Universal Press Syndicate. It appeared in more than a hundred major newspapers worldwide until Downs discontinued the strip on February 1, 1986. Downs self-published one retrospective collection of the series, "The Laylo Papers: The Complete Guide to Relationships" (1989), which remains in print.
Downs is also the founder of the Communication Center, a communication training and consulting ministry of Campus Crusade for Christ. Downs has also authored numerous books on Christian relationships and communication both on his own and in conjunction with his wife, Joy Downs. His first book, called "Finding Common Ground" (1999), a work of non-fiction, was awarded the Gold Medallion Award in 2000. Downs lives in Cary, North Carolina, with his wife and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9822616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822616" title="Eritrean Navy">
Eritrean Navy

The Eritrean Navy is a smaller branch of the Eritrean Defence Forces. It is responsible for the security of the entire coastline of Eritrea, more than 1,100 km, as well as the Eritrean territorial waters.
History.
The Eritrean Navy of today is said to have been an outgrowth of the Eritrean Liberation Front's sea transport operations early in the Eritrean War of Independence. This continued as a part of the Eritrean People's Liberation Front (EPLF) after the split of the organizations. After the Second Congress of the EPLF an offensive force was proposed and created with a base in Sudan. 
These forces played a critical role at the Battle of Massawa when they sank several Ethiopian warships in the harbor. At the close of the Eritrean War of Independence, the balance of the Ethiopian Navy was inherited by this naval force.
Currently.
Since independence the Eritrean Navy has expanded its fleet of high-speed patrol boats. This branch of the Eritrean Defence Forces served with distinction under the command of then Commander Tewolde Kelati. The current Commander of the Eritrean Naval Forces is Major General Hummed Ahmed Karikare. The Eritrean Naval Forces Headquarters is in Massawa. 
Through Proclamation 104 the Eritrean Navy is empowered by the Ministry of the Fisheries to enforce fisheries-related laws on behalf of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="9822697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822697" title="Peter Erős">
Peter Erős

Hungarian-American conductor Peter Erős was born in Budapest in 1932 and attended the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, where he studied composition with Zoltán Kodály, chamber music with Leo Weiner, and conducting with László Somogyi.
In 1956, during the Hungarian Revolution, he emigrated to The Netherlands. At age 27, he was named Associate Conductor of the Amsterdam Concertgebouw Orchestra, a post he held for five years. While in Amsterdam, he assisted Otto Klemperer in opera productions for the Holland Festival. In the summers of 1960 and 1961, he served as a coach and assisted Hans Knappertsbusch at the Bayreuth Festival, and in 1961 was assistant conductor to Ferenc Fricsay for the Salzburg Festival production of Mozart’s "Idomeneo". He continued to assist Fricsay both in Salzburg and in Berlin with the RIAS Symphony Orchestra and Deutsche Grammophon through 1964. In 1965, Erős came to the United States for the first time at the invitation of George Szell to work with him and the Cleveland Orchestra as a Kulas Foundation Fellow.
His principal appointments were as Music Director and Conductor of the Malmö Symphony Orchestra (1966–69) in Sweden, the Australian Broadcasting Commission Orchestras (1967–69, Sydney and Melbourne; 1975–79, Perth), the San Diego Symphony and La Jolla Chamber Orchestra (1971–1980), and the Aalborg Symphony Orchestra (1982–89) in Denmark.
As a guest conductor, Peter Erős appeared regularly with major symphony orchestras and opera companies on five continents, including the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Cleveland Orchestra, National Symphony Orchestra, Seattle Symphony Orchestra, San Francisco Symphony, Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Philharmoniker Hamburg, Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra, Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm, Hamburg State Opera, the Hague Residentie Orchestra, and the Scottish National Orchestra, and made nine tours of South Africa. He received ASCAP awards in 1983 and 1985 for his programming of music by American composers.
Erős came to the University of Washington School of Music in Seattle, Washington in 1989 as the Morrison Endowed Professor of Conducting and Music Director and Conductor of the University Symphony and Opera, where he taught until his retirement in 2010; he now holds the honorary title of Professor Emeritus. He also taught conducting from 1960–65 at the Amsterdam Conservatory, where his pupils included Hans Vonk, Edo de Waart, and Jan Stulen, and served as Director of Orchestral and Operatic Activities at the Peabody Conservatory of Music from 1982–85.
At the personal request of Richard Wagner's granddaughter Friedelind, Peter Erős led the first set of recordings of orchestral works by Friedelind's father, Siegfried Wagner. Two discs were released on the Delysé label, featuring the Aalborg Symphony Orchestra conducted by Erős: the Symphony in C and the tone poems Glück, Und wenn die Welt voll Teufel wär (Scherzo), Weltersteinspielung and Sehnsucht. He also conducted the first recording of the opera, "Jesus Before Herod" by Hungarian composer Gabriel von Wayditch (1888–1969) with the San Diego Symphony.

</doc>
<doc id="9822710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822710" title="David Terry">
David Terry

David Terry is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="9822769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822769" title="Gustavo Cordera">
Gustavo Cordera

Gustavo Edgardo Cordera (born 1964 in Lanús, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rock musician, best known as the frontman of the band Bersuit Vergarabat. 
Cordera's musical career began in 1988, when he was studying communications at the Universidad Nacional de Lomas de Zamora and running his own auto dealership, Cordera Bros. In the spring of that year, he visited Rio de Janeiro during Carnaval and was inspired to become a musician. Returning to Lanús, he sold his dealership, abandoned his studies, and shaved his head, an act which earned him the sobriquet Pelado ("Bald"). 
At "la Casa de las Artes de la Vieja Avellaneda", a meeting place for musicians and artists, Cordera met keyboardist Juan Subirá and bassist Pepe Céspedes, and together they produced the songs "Masturbación en masa" ("Masturbation en masse") and "Hociquito de Ratón" ("Little Rat-Snout"). A year later, along with drummer Carlos Martín and guitarist Charly Bianco, they formed Bersuit, whose name was soon lengthened to Bersuit Vergarabat. During the early nineties they were joined by guitarist Oscar Righi, keyboardist Raúl Pagano, and vocalist Rubén Sabrinas. In 1992 they released the album "Y Punto", and in 1993, "Asquerosa Alegría". Both albums were well received. 
The group's initial success was interrupted by internal changes, including the departure of Pagano, Sabrinas, and Bianco, and the arrival in 1995 of Alberto Verenzuela. 
The group's lack of activity gave rise to rumors of a break-up. "It was the most depressing moment of my life", said Cordera. Though lacking a distributor, the group began working on its third album, tentatively titled "La historia de Don Leopardo y Vir Trompzio" (eventually released in 1996 as "Don Leopardo"). Though it was a commercial failure, the band recovered in 1998 with "Libertinaje", followed by "Hijos del Culo" (2000) and "De la Cabeza" (2002), the latter recorded live at the Estadio Obras. In 2004 they achieved great success with "La Argentinidad al Palo". Their most recent release is "Testosterona" in 2005, whose track "Madre hay una sola" ("There is only one mother") reflects Cordera's environmentalism. On May 12, 2007, the band played at River Plate Stadium, in Buenos Aires, attended by over 60,000 people.
Cordera is married and has three children. In his spare time, he enjoys strength training. He loves football and he is a Lanús fan.

</doc>
<doc id="9822770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822770" title="Old House">
Old House

Old House could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9822782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822782" title="Nakatsu Station">
Nakatsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="9822783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822783" title="FYVE">
FYVE

FYVE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9822793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822793" title="Death Wish (film)">
Death Wish (film)

Death Wish is a 1974 vigilante action film loosely based on the novel "Death Wish" by Brian Garfield. The film was directed by Michael Winner and stars Charles Bronson as Paul Kersey, a man who becomes a vigilante after his wife is murdered and his daughter is sexually assaulted by muggers.
The film was a commercial success, and generated a movie franchise with four sequels over the next twenty years. The film was disliked by many critics due to it advocating vigilantism and unlimited punishment to criminals. The novel denounced vigilantism, whereas the film embraced the notion. However, it was seen as echoing a growing mood in the United States as crime rose during the 1970s.
This is the only film in the "Death Wish" franchise to be distributed by Paramount Pictures (for the US and UK). The international releases for the film were distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Plot.
Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) is a development engineer living at 33 Riverside Drive in Upper Manhattan with his wife Joanna (Hope Lange) and daughter Carol Toby (Kathleen Tolan). One day, while Kersey is out Joanna and Carol shop for groceries at a local D'Agostino's market, three bloodthirsty hooligans (one played by Jeff Goldblum in his first movie appearance), causing trouble in the store, see Joanna's address written down after she asks for the groceries to be delivered. Posing as deliverymen, the hoodlums invade the apartment when the door is opened. They become enraged when they discover very little money. In retaliation they rape and beat the two women.
Paul's son-in-law Jack Toby (Steven Keats) calls to tell him only that Joanna and Carol are in the hospital. After waiting impatiently, Paul is told by a doctor that his daughter is alive and that she was sedated and put to bed, but Paul is also informed that his wife has died. Devastated, he is told by police that the likelihood of catching the criminals is small.
The next day, Paul's boss gives him an extended business vacation, and he flies to Tucson, Arizona to meet a client, Ames Jainchill (Stuart Margolin). Paul witnesses a mock gunfight at Old Tucson, a reconstructed Western frontier town used as a movie set. At a gun club, Ames is impressed when Paul shoots with near bulls-eye accuracy. Paul reveals that he was a conscientious objector during the Korean War who served his country as a combat medic. Paul had been taught to handle firearms at a young age by his father, but after his father was killed in a hunting accident Paul decided to forswear the use of firearms for any purpose. After Paul makes substantial improvements to Ames' plans for a residential development, a thoroughly pleased Ames drives Paul back to the Tucson airport, and presents Paul with a gift, which he places into Paul's checked luggage.
Back in Manhattan, his daughter is catatonic. Paul opens his suitcase and discovers that Ames' gift is a nickel-plated .32 Colt Police Positive revolver. He loads the revolver, places it into his overcoat, and takes a late night stroll. Paul encounters a mugger, an ex-convict named Thomas Leroy Marston, who attempts to rob him at gunpoint with a .38 Smith & Wesson Model 36 revolver. Paul then shoots Martson with his own revolver, killing him.
Shocked that he just killed a human being, Paul runs home and is violently ill. But motivated by his desire for revenge, he continues to ambush criminals. The following night, Paul again deliberately walks through the city at night in order to provoke an attack. He guns down three more men (one of whom is Denzel Washington, who made his screen debut in the film) who are robbing a defenseless old man in a vacant alley. A few nights later, two muggers see Paul on a subway. They attempt to rob him at knife-point but Paul shoots them both with the revolver.
The next scene has Paul then sitting in a sleazy Times Square coffee shop surrounded by prostitutes and assorted street people. He pays his bill to the cashier purposely revealing a wallet full of cash. He leaves followed by two thugs who have taken the bait. Yet again a robbery attempt is made. Paul shoots one but the other manages to stab him in his shoulder. As a wounded Paul stumbles off, the one who stabbed him gets away mortally wounded, dying at a hospital.
NYPD Lt. Frank Ochoa (Vincent Gardenia) investigates the vigilante killings. His department narrows a list to men who have had a family member recently killed by muggers and who are war veterans. The public, meanwhile, is happy that somebody is doing something about crime. Ochoa soon suspects Paul. He is about to make an arrest when the District Attorney (Fred J. Scollay) intervenes and tells Ochoa to "let him loose" in another city instead. Ochoa doesn't like the idea, but relents.
Paul shoots two more muggers before being wounded by a third mugger with a M1911A1 pistol at a warehouse. His gun is discovered by a young patrolman (Christopher Guest) who hands it to Ochoa, who tells him to forget that he ever saw it and additionally tells the press that the wounded Paul is just another mugging victim. Hospitalized, Paul is ordered by Ochoa to leave New York, permanently. Paul replies, "By sundown?".
Paul arrives in Chicago Union Station by train. Being greeted by a company representative (William Bogert in an uncredited appearance), he notices a group of hoodlums harassing a young woman. He excuses himself and helps the woman. The hoodlums make obscene gestures, but Paul points his right hand like a gun and smiles, suggesting that his vigilantism will continue.
Cast.
Character actor Robert Miano had a minor role as a mugger in the film. Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, who would later co-star on the highly successful TV show "Welcome Back, Kotter", had an uncredited role as one of the Central Park muggers near the end of the film. Denzel Washington made his screen debut as an uncredited alley mugger. Actress Helen Martin, who had a minor role, subsequently appeared in the television sitcoms "Good Times" and "227". Sonia Manzano, 'Maria' from "Sesame Street", has an uncredited role as a supermarket checkout clerk. Christopher Guest makes one of his earliest film appearances as a young police officer who finds Kersey's gun.
Production.
The film was based on the 1972 novel by Brian Garfield, who was inspired to use the theme of vigilantism following incidents in his personal life. In one incident, the purse of his wife was stolen; in another, his car was vandalized. His initial thought each time was that he could kill "the son of a bitch" responsible. He later considered that these were primitive thoughts, contemplated in an unguarded moment. He then considered the idea of writing a novel about a man who entered this way of thinking in a moment of rage and then never emerged from it. The original novel received favorable reviews but was not a best seller. Garfield sold screen rights to both "Death Wish" and "Relentless" to the only film producers who approached him on the subject, Hal Landers and Bobby Roberts. He was offered the chance to write a screenplay adapting one of the two novels, and chose "Relentless". He simply considered it the easier of the two to turn into a film. 
Wendell Mayes was then hired to write the screenplay for "Death Wish". He preserved the basic structure of the novel and much of the philosophical dialogue. It was his idea to turn police detective Frank Ochoa into a major character of the film. His early drafts for the screenplay had different endings than the final one. In one, he followed an idea from Garfield. The vigilante confronts the three thugs who attacked his family and ends up dead at their hands. Ochoa discovers the dead man's weapon and considers following in his footsteps. In another, the vigilante is wounded and rushed to a hospital. His fate is left ambiguous. Meanwhile, Ochoa has found the weapon and struggles with the decision to use it. His decision left unclear.
Originally Sidney Lumet was to have directed Jack Lemmon as Paul and Henry Fonda as Lt Ochoa. Lumet bowed out of the film project to direct Serpico (1973), requiring a search for another director. Several were considered. United Artists eventually chose Michael Winner, due to his recent track record of gritty, violent action films. The examples of his work considered included "The Mechanic" (1972), "Scorpio" (1973), and "The Stone Killer" (1973).
The film was rejected by other studios because of its controversial subject matter, and the perceived difficulty of casting someone in the vigilante role. Winner attempted to recruit Bronson, but there were two problems for the actor. First, his agent Paul Kohner considered that the film carried a dangerous message. Second, at this point the screenplay followed the original novel in describing the vigilante as a meek accountant—hardly a suitable role for Bronson.
The film project was dropped by United Artists after budget constraints forced producers Hal Landers and Bobby Roberts to liquidate their rights. The original producers were replaced by Italian film mogul Dino De Laurentiis. De Laurentiis convinced Charles Bluhdorn to bring the project to Paramount Pictures. Paramount purchased the distribution rights of the film in the United States market, while Columbia Pictures licensed the distribution rights for international markets. De Laurentiis raised the 3-million-dollar budget of the film by pre-selling the distribution rights.
With funding secured, screenwriter Gerald Wilson was hired to revise the script. His first task was changing the identity of the vigilante to make the role more suitable for Bronson. "Paul Benjamin" was renamed to "Paul Kersey". His job was changed from accountant to architect. His background changed from a World War II veteran to a Korean War veteran. The reason for him not seeing combat duty changed from serving as an army accountant to being a conscientious objector. Several vignettes from Mayes' script were deemed unnecessary and were therefore deleted.
Winner himself asked for several revisions in the script. Both the novel and the original script had no scenes showing the vigilante interacting with his wife. Winner decided to include a prologue depicting a happy relationship, so the prologue of the film depicts the couple vacationing in Hawaii. The early draft of the script had the vigilante being inspired by seeing a fight scene in the Western film "High Noon". Winner decided on a more elaborate scene, involving a fight scene in a recreation of the Wild West, taking place in Tucson, Arizona. The final script had the vigilante making the occasional reference to Westerns. While confronting an armed mugger, he asks him to draw. When Ochoa asks him to leave town, he asks if he has until sundown to do so. The killing in the subway station was supposed to remain off-screen in Mayes' script, but Winner himself decided to turn this into an actual, brutal scene.
A minor argument occurred when it came to a shooting location for the film. Bronson asked for a California-based location so he could visit his family in Bel Air, Los Angeles. Winner insisted on New York City and De Laurentiis agreed. Ultimately, Bronson backed down. "Death Wish" was shot on location in New York City, during the winter of 1973-1974. "Death Wish" was first released to American audiences in July 1974. The world premiere took place on July 24 in the Loews Theater of New York City.
Soundtrack.
Multiple Grammy award winning Jazz musician Herbie Hancock produced and composed the original score for the soundtrack to the original "Death Wish" movie. This would be his third film score, behind the 1966 movie "Blow-Up" and 1973's "The Spook Who Sat By The Door". Michael Winner said, "De Laurentiis said 'Get a cheap English band.' Because the English bands were very successful. But I had a girlfriend who was in "Sesame Street", a Puerto Rican actress (Sonia Manzano), who played a checkout girl at the supermarket [in "Death Wish", and she was a great jazz fan. She said, 'Well, you should have Herbie Hancock. He's got this record out called "Head Hunters".' She gave me "Head Hunters", which was staggering. And I said, 'Dino, never mind a cheap English band, we'll have Herbie Hancock.' Which we did."
Critical reception.
"Death Wish" received mixed to extremely negative reviews upon its release, due to its support of vigilantism, but it had an impact on U.S. audiences and began widespread debate over how to deal with rampant crime. The film's graphic violence, particularly the brutal rape scene of Kersey's daughter as well as the explicit portrayal of Bronson's premeditated slayings, was considered exploitative, but realistic in the context of an urban U.S. atmosphere of rising crime rates.
Many critics were displeased with the film, considering it an "immoral threat to society" and an encouragement of antisocial behavior. Vincent Canby of the "New York Times" was one of the most outspoken writers, condemning "Death Wish" in two extensive articles. Brian Garfield was also unhappy with the final product, calling the film 'incendiary', and even stated that the following sequels are all pointless and rancid, since they all advocate vigilantism, unlike his two novels, which are the exact opposite. The result of this film, led him to write a follow-up titled "Death Sentence", which was published a year after the film's release. In later years, the film would be liked for its disturbing, serious view of one man's violent war on crime. Charles Bronson defended the film: he felt it was intended to be a commentary on violence and was meant to attack violence, not romanticize it. And even many critics began to like the original film more than the sequels, which were more exploitative and contrived.
The film holds a score of 67% "Fresh" with an average rating of 5.9/10 on the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes.
Impact and influence.
"Death Wish" was a watershed for Charles Bronson, who was fifty three years old at the time and who was better known in Europe and Asia at the time mostly due to his role in "The Great Escape". Bronson became an American film icon who experienced great popularity over the next twenty years.
In the series' later years, the "Death Wish" franchise became a subject of parody for its high level of violence and the advancing age of Bronson (an episode of "The Simpsons" named "A Star Is Burns" showed a fictional advertisement for "Death Wish 9", consisting of a bed-ridden Bronson saying "I wish I was dead"). However, the "Death Wish" franchise remained lucrative and drew support from fans of exploitation cinema. The series continues to have widespread following on home video and is occasionally broadcast on various television stations within the US and in Europe.
In an episode of "American Dad", "The One That Got Away", Roger dresses up similar to the leading protagonist when he plans revenge on an alternate personality of himself. He tells an alternate character that "Death Wish" was a movie, when his reference via outfit is misconstrued.
Bronson is mentioned in the 1997 Notorious B.I.G classic "Kick in the Door". In the song, Biggie proclaims: "Sold more powder than Johnson and Johnson/Tote steel like Bronson, vigilante/You wanna get on son, you need to ask me."
In the Spiderman Comic "Death of Jean DeWolff" (1990), Bronson makes a small appearance holding a newspaper that says vigilante.
A clip of Jeff Goldblum yelling 'Goddamn Rich Cunt!' is often played on The Opie and Anthony Show.
Home video releases.
The film was first released on VHS and LaserDisc in 1980. It was later released on DVD in 2001 and 2006. Currently, the VHS, laserdisc and DVDs are out of print. The 40th Anniversary Edition was released on February 4, 2014 on Blu-ray.
Remake.
In late January 2012, "The Hollywood Reporter" stated that a remake was confirmed and would be written and directed by Joe Carnahan.

</doc>
<doc id="9822797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822797" title="Curtains for Three">
Curtains for Three

Curtains for Three is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout, published by the Viking Press in 1951 and itself collected in the omnibus volume "Full House" (Viking 1955). The book comprises three stories that first appeared in "The American Magazine":

</doc>
<doc id="9822817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822817" title="Carolina Peleritti">
Carolina Peleritti

Carolina Peleritti (born July 2, 1971 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine actress and former fashion model. She took part in many TV series such as "Boro Boro", "La Marca del Deseo", "Cybersix" and "099 Central".
Filmography.
Cinema
Tv series

</doc>
<doc id="9822827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822827" title="Elvis Herselvis">
Elvis Herselvis

Elvis Herselvis is the stage name of the American actor and singer Leigh Crow, whose rise to international exposure was performing as a female Elvis Presley impersonator. Crow still performs as Elvis Herselvis on occasion as well as sings, acts and performs regularly; including performing with the all female rockabilly band called The Mighty Slim Pickins.
San Francisco-based Elvis Herselvis identifies as a "Female Elvis Impersonator" and "Drag King" and has been evoking the King of Rock and Roll for several years. "Elvis Herselvis & the Straight White Males" were one of the most original and innovative Elvis impersonation acts, recalling Elvis Presley with her sensuous vibrato, while wiping the sweat from her brow with the panties of devoted fans. The performer even "satirizes Elvis impersonators and includes in her act a discussion of Elvis's drug problem and sexual proclivities." Crow's uncanny portrayal has made her a popular entertainer in queer clubs and the alternative cabaret circuit in America. In 1993, she also toured Australia. 
According to Crow, Elvis Presley occupies an important place among lesbian icons. She says, 
When the organizers of the Second International Elvis Presley Conference, held at the University of Mississippi, Oxford, Mississippi, in August 1996, invited Elvis Herselvis to perform at the conference, the conference organizer, Professor Vernon Chadwick, "sought 'to test the limits of race, class, sexuality and property ...'" He was of the opinion that "the conference must comply ‘with all applicable laws regarding affirmative action and equal opportunity in all its activities and programs and does not discriminate against anyone protected by law because of age, creed, color, national origin, race, religion, sex, handicap, veteran, or other status’. Whilst these intentions were widely known, a number of local Baptist Ministers complained to the Mayor of Tupelo about the inclusion of Elvis Herselvis on the conference program and sought to block funding for the conference. The church’s concerns were supported by the organiser of the Elvis birthplace and Museum, then EPE followed suit. Conference organizer Chadwick argued that these actions ‘really get interesting when you throw in all the indigenous racism, homophobia, and class distinction that Elvis suffered in the South and throughout his career’. Chadwick received a formal, but diplomatic, letter from EPE’s licensing officer which formally withdrew support for the conference."
In a paper entitled "Women Who 'Do Elvis': Authenticity, Masculinity and Masquerade" and presented on February 19, 2006, at the Study of Popular Music conference in Nashville, Tennessee, Cornell University researcher Francesca Brittan dealt with female Elvis Presley impersonators such as Elvis Herselvis and found them to be "campy, cheeky, and often disturbingly convincing."

</doc>
<doc id="9822833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822833" title="Hugh Boyle Ewing">
Hugh Boyle Ewing

Hugh Boyle Ewing, (October 31, 1826 – June 30, 1905), was a diplomat, author, attorney, and Union Army general during the American Civil War. He was a member of the prestigious Ewing family, son of Thomas Ewing, the eldest brother of Thomas Ewing, Jr. and Charles Ewing, and the foster brother and brother-in-law of William T. Sherman. General Ewing was an ambitious, literate, and erudite officer who held a strong sense of responsibility for the men under his command. He combined his West Point experience with the Civil War system of officer election.
Ewing's wartime service was characterized by several incidents which would have a unique impact on history. In 1861, his political connections helped save the reputation of his brother-in-law, William T. Sherman, who went on to become one of the north's most successful generals. Ewing himself went on to become Sherman's most trusted subordinate. His campaigning eventually led to the near-banishment of Lorenzo Thomas, a high ranking regular army officer who had intrigued against Sherman. He was present at the Battle of Antietam, where his brigade saved the flank of the Union Army late in the day. During the Vicksburg campaign, Ewing accidentally came across personal correspondence from Confederate President Jefferson F. Davis to former President Franklin Pierce which eventually ruined the reputation of the latter. Ewing was also present in Kentucky during Major General Stephen G. Burbridge's "reign of terror", where he worked to oppose Burbridge's harsh policies against civilians, but was hampered by debilitating rheumatism. He ended the war with an independent command, a sign he held the confidence of his superiors, acting in concert with Sherman to trap Confederate Gen. Joseph E. Johnston in North Carolina.
After the war, Ewing spent time as Ambassador to the Netherlands and became a noted author. He died in 1905 on his family farm.
Early life and career.
Hugh Ewing was born in Lancaster, Ohio. He was educated at the U.S. military academy, but was forced to resign on the eve of graduation after failing an engineering exam, which was a major embarrassment to his family. While a member of the cadet corps, he was close friends with future Union generals John Buford Jr., Nathaniel C. McLean, and John C. Tidball. His father appointed Philip Sheridan to the open seat.
During the gold rush in 1849, Ewing went to California, where he joined an expedition ordered by his father, then Secretary of the Interior, to rescue immigrants who were imprisoned in the Sierra by heavy snows. He returned in 1852 with dispatches for the government.
He then completed his course in law and settled in St. Louis. He practiced law there from 1854 to 1856, when he moved with his young brother, Thomas Jr., and brothers-in-law William T. Sherman and Hampden B. Denman to Leavenworth, Kansas, and began speculating in lands, roads, and government housing. They quickly established one of the leading law firms of Leavenworth, as well as a financially powerful land agency.
In 1858, Ewing married Henrietta Young, daughter of George W. Young, a large plantation owner of the District of Columbia, whose family was prominent in the settlement and history of Maryland. He soon afterward took charge of his father's salt works in Ohio.
Civil War.
In April 1861, Governor William Dennison appointed Ewing as the brigade-inspector of Ohio volunteers. He served under Rosecrans and McClellan in western Virginia. Ewing became colonel of the 30th Ohio Volunteer Infantry in August 1861.
In November 1861, when his brother-in-law William T. Sherman was relieved of his command in disgrace, Ewing aided his younger sister Ellen Ewing Sherman in making the rounds of Washington D.C., denying sensationalist media claims that Sherman was insane, and personally lobbying the President for Sherman's reinstatement. Ewing and his sister argued that Sherman's requests for men and material in Kentucky had been denied in Washington, and that the charges of insanity had been part of a conspiracy orchestrated by Adjutant General Lorenzo Thomas. Eventually the political influence of the Ewing family persevered, and with the assistance of Henry Halleck, Sherman was returned to command. President Abraham Lincoln praised Sherman's "talent & conduct" publicly to a large group of important officers, and later banished Thomas to a meaningless post on recruiting duty in the Trans-Mississippi Theater.
Under McClellan, Ewing commanded a regiment and then a brigade in the Kanawha Division in the IX Corps. In the Battle of South Mountain, he led the assault which drove the enemy from the summit; and at midnight of that day, he received an order placing him in command of the brigade of Colonel Eliakim P. Scammon, who was in temporary command of the Kanawha division after its commander Major General Jacob D. Cox had been elevated to command of the IX Corps, replacing the fallen Major General Jesse Lee Reno who was killed earlier that day. At Antietam his brigade was placed upon the extreme left of the army, where, according to the report of the commander of the left wing, General Ambrose Burnside, "by a brilliant change of front he saved the left from being completely driven in."
After Antietam, Ewing was placed on sick leave because of chronic dysentery, and was promoted to Brigadier General on November 29, 1862. He transferred West and served throughout the campaign before Vicksburg, leading the assaults made by General Sherman; and upon its fall was placed in command of a division in the XVI Corps. At Chattanooga, he was given command of the 4th Division of the XV Corps, which formed the advance of Sherman's army and carried Missionary Ridge. Prior to the Battle of Chattanooga, Ewing's command led a diversionary raid that resulted in the destruction of the Empire State Iron Works in Dade County, Georgia, which was being refurbished to increase the South's manufacturing capability. Sherman considered Ewing his most reliable division commander.
In the aftermath of Vicksburg, Ewing's command wrecked Confederate President Jefferson Davis's Fleetwood Plantation, and Ewing turned over Davis' personal correspondence to his brother-in-law, Sherman. However, Ewing also sent copies of the letters to a few people he had known in Ohio, which, after the documents were published, permanently sullied the reputation of former President Franklin Pierce of New Hampshire. Their release coincided with that of Pierce's book, "Our Old Home". As early as 1860, Pierce had written to Davis about "the madness of northern abolitionism", and other letters uncovered stated that he would "never justify, sustain, or in any way or to any extent uphold this cruel, heartless, aimless unnecessary war", and that "the true purpose of the war was to wipe out the states and destroy property."
In October 1863, Ewing was placed in command of the occupation forces in Louisville, Kentucky. He was unfortunate enough to serve during Maj. Gen. Stephen Gano Burbridge's "reign of terror," where martial law was declared several times. On August 11, 1864, Burbridge ordered soldiers from the 26th Kentucky to select four men to be taken from prison in Louisville to Eminence, Kentucky, to be shot for unknown outrages, and on August 20, several suspected Confederate guerrillas were also to be taken from Louisville and executed. General Ewing declared their innocence and sought a pardon from Burbridge, but he refused to give the pardon and the men were shot.
In his autobiography, Ewing describes an incident in October 1862 with Colonel Augustus Moor, who had struck a member of Ewing's regiment with his sword when the enlisted soldier had fallen out of a march. Ewing immediately confronted Moor. In his own words:
Colonel Moor quickly apologized. While General Ewing respected the discipline of the German regiment, he preferred a different atmosphere in his own command, better suited to Americans. He was capable of recognizing the military tradition of other units while accommodating the unique needs of his own. General Ewing was ordered to North Carolina in 1865, and was planning an expedition up the Roanoke river to co-operate with the Army of the James, when Lee surrendered.
In 1864, Ewing suffered an attack of rheumatism, and received treatment several times thereafter, often being confined to his chair. He was likely prostrated with illness as Commander of Louisville during Burbridge's madness in Kentucky. He was made a brevet major general on March 13, 1865. After leaving the Army, he experienced painful attacks for the rest of his life, often bedridden for periods of up to forty days.
Postbellum career.
President Andrew Johnson appointed Ewing as U.S. Minister to Holland, where he served from 1866 to 1870. This appointment may have drawn the ire of the Radical Republicans, for Speaker of the House James G. Blaine urged President Ulysses S. Grant that Ewing be recalled and replaced with his brother, Charles Ewing. Blaine told the President that Hugh was 'acting badly'. Blaine himself was disingenuous, having represented to prominent politicians in Ohio including Senator John Sherman that he was doing everything possible to nominate his close personal friend, former Ohio General Roeliff Brinkerhoff, for the post. Nonetheless, Blaine's request to recall General Ewing was never acted upon, possibly due to the influence of his sister, whose husband General Sherman was a very close friend to President Grant.
Upon his eventual return to the United States, Ewing retired to a farm near Lancaster, Ohio, where he died of old age.
He was the author of: "The Black List; A Tale of Early California" (1887); "A Castle in the Air" (1887); "The Gold Plague", and other works.

</doc>
<doc id="9822851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822851" title="Or Give Me Death (album)">
Or Give Me Death (album)

Or Give Me Death is an album by Aqueduct. It was released February 20, 2007 on Barsuk Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9822856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822856" title="2 × 2 real matrices">
2 × 2 real matrices

In mathematics, the set of real matrices is denoted by M(2, R). Two matrices "p" and "q" in M(2, R) have a sum "p" + "q" given by matrix addition. The product matrix is formed from the dot product of the rows and columns of its factors through matrix multiplication. For
let
Then "q q"* = "q"* "q" = ("ad" − "bc") , where is the identity matrix. The real number "ad" − "bc" is called the determinant of "q". When "ad" − "bc" ≠ 0, "q" is an invertible matrix, and then
The collection of all such invertible matrices constitutes the general linear group GL(2, R). In terms of abstract algebra, M(2, R) with the associated addition and multiplication operators forms a ring, and GL(2, R) is its group of units. M(2, R) is also a four-dimensional vector space, so it is considered an associative algebra. It is ring-isomorphic to the coquaternions, but has a different profile.
The real matrices are in one-one correspondence with the linear mappings of the two-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system into itself by the rule
Profile.
Within M(2, R), the multiples by real numbers of the identity matrix may be considered a real line. This real line is the place where all commutative subrings come together:
Let "P""m" = {"x" + "ym" : "x", "y" ∈ R} where "m"2 ∈ { −, 0,  }. Then "P""m" is a commutative subring and M(2, R) = ∪"P""m"   where the union is over all "m" such that "m"2 ∈ { −, 0,  }. 
To identify such "m", first square the generic matrix:
When "a" + "d" = 0 this square is a diagonal matrix.
Thus we assume "d" = −"a" when looking for "m" to form commutative subrings. When "mm" = −, then "bc" = −1 − "aa", an equation describing an hyperbolic paraboloid in the space of parameters ("a", "b", "c"). In this case P"m" is isomorphic to the field of (ordinary) complex numbers. When "mm" = +, "bc" = +1 − "aa", giving a similar surface, but now P"m" is isomorphic to the ring of split-complex numbers. The case "mm" = 0 arises when only one of "b" or "c" is non-zero, and the commutative subring P"m" is then a copy of the dual number plane.
When M(2, R) is reconfigured with a change of basis, this profile changes to the profile of split-quaternions where the sets of square roots of and − take a symmetrical shape as hyperboloids.
Equi-areal mapping.
First transform one differential vector into another:
Areas are measured with "density" formula_7, a differential 2-form which involves the use of exterior algebra. The transformed density is
Thus the equi-areal mappings are identified with 
SL(2, R) = {"g" ∈ M(2, R) : det("g") = 1}, the special linear group. Given the profile above, every such "g" lies in a commutative subring P"m" representing a type of complex plane according to the square of "m". Since "g g"* = , one of the following three alternatives occurs:
Writing about planar affine mapping, Rafael Artzy made a similar tricotomy of planar, linear mapping in his book "Linear Geometry" (1965).
Functions of 2 × 2 real matrices.
The commutative subrings of M(2, R) determine the function theory; in particular the three types of subplanes have their own algebraic structures which set the value of algebraic expressions. Consideration of the square root function and the logarithm function serves to illustrate the constraints implied by the special properties of each type of subplane P"m" described in the above profile.
The concept of identity component of the group of units of P"m" leads to the polar decomposition of elements of the group of units:
In the first case exp(θ "m") = cos(θ) + "m" sin(θ). In the case of the dual numbers exp("s m") = 1 + "s m". Finally, in the case of split complex numbers there are four components in the group of units. The identity component is parameterized by ρ and exp("a m") = cosh "a" + "m" sinh "a".
Now formula_9 
regardless of the subplane P"m", but the argument of the function must be taken from the "identity component of its group of units". Half the plane is lost in the case of the dual number structure; three-quarters of the plane must be excluded in the case of the split-complex number structure.
Similarly, if ρ exp("a m") is an element of the identity component of the group of units of a plane associated with matrix "m", then the logarithm function results in a value log ρ + "a m". The domain of the logarithm function suffers the same constraints as does the square root function described above: half or three-quarters of P"m" must be excluded in the cases "mm" = 0 or "mm" = .
Further function theory can be seen in the article complex functions for the C structure, or in the article motor variable for the split-complex structure.
2 × 2 real matrices as complex numbers.
Every real matrix can be interpreted as one of three types of complex number: standard complex numbers, dual numbers, and split-complex numbers. Above, the algebra of matrices is profiled as a union of complex planes, all sharing the same real axis. These planes are presented as commutative subrings "P""m". We can determine to which complex plane a given matrix belongs as follows and classify which kind of complex number that plane represents.
Consider the matrix
We seek the complex plane "P""m" containing "z". 
As noted above, the square of a matrix is diagonal when "a" + "d" = 0. The matrix "z" must be expressed as the sum of a multiple of the identity matrix and a matrix in the hyperplane "a" + "d" = 0. Projecting "z" alternately onto these subspaces of R4 yields
Furthermore, 
Now "z" is one of three types of complex number:
Similarly, a matrix can also be expressed in polar coordinates with the caveat that there are two connected components of the group of units in the dual number plane, and four components in the split-complex number plane.

</doc>
<doc id="9822862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822862" title="EEA1">
EEA1

The gene EEA1 encodes for the 1400 amino acid protein, Early Endosome Antigen 1.
EEA1 localizes exclusively to early endosomes and has an important role in endosomal trafficking. EEA1 binds directly to the phospholipid phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate through its C-terminal FYVE domain and forms a homodimer through a coiled coil . EEA1 acts as a tethering molecule that couples vesicle docking with SNAREs such as N-ethylmaleimide sensitive fusion protein, bringing the endosomes physically closer and ultimately resulting in the fusion and delivery of endosomal cargo.
Function.
EEA1 is a RAB5A effector protein which binds via a N-terminal zinc finger domain and is required for fusion of early and late endosomes and for sorting at the early endosome level 
Involvement in pathogenesis.
Due to the proteins importance in vesicular trafficking, a number of intracellular bacteria prevent EEA1 recruitment to the vacuole. Mycobacterium tuberculosis is known to inhibit the recruitment of EEA1 to the phagosomal membrane through CamKII. Legionella pneumophila also prevents EEA1 recruitment through a currently unknown mechanism. Interestingly, the related pathogen Legionella longbeachae recruits EEA1 and appears to replicate within a modified early endosome.

</doc>
<doc id="9822881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822881" title="The Northern Celestial Masters">
The Northern Celestial Masters

The Northern Celestial Masters type of the Way of the Celestial Master () Daoist movement existed in the north of China during the Southern and Northern Dynasties. The Northern Celestial Masters were a continuation of the Way of the Celestial Masters as it had been practiced in Sichuan province by Zhang Lu and his followers. After the community was forced to relocate in 215 CE, a group of Celestial Masters established themselves in Northern China. Kou Qianzhi, from a family who followed the Celestial Master, brought a new version of Celestial Master Daoism to the Northern Wei. The Northern Wei government embraced his form of Daoism and established it as the state religion, thereby creating a new Daoist theocracy that lasted until 450 CE. The arrival of Buddhism had great influence on the Northern Celestial Masters, bringing monasticism and influencing the diet of practitioners. Art produced in areas dominated by the Northern Celestial Masters also began to show Buddhist influence. When the theocracy collapsed, many Daoists fled to Louguan, which quickly became an important religious center. The Northern Celestial Masters survived as a distinct school at Louguan until the late 7th century CE, when they became integrated into the wider Daoist movement.
History.
Northern Wei (424-450).
Kou Qianzhi was a member of Celestial Master family that came from an area near Chang'an. Inspired by the burgeoning Daoist movement in Southern China, Kou retreated to Mount Song in Henan to receive inspiration. On the mountain, as described by the text "The History of the Wei Dynasty", he was visited twice by Laozi. In his first visit in 415, Laozi revealed to Kou a text known as the "Laojun Yinsong Jiejing" (New Code). This text contained precepts designed for a new religious community. In 423, a messenger of Laozi came and offered Kou a new text called the "Lutu Zhenjing" (Perfect Scripture of Registers and Charts), which is now lost, and appointed him as the new Celestial Master.
In 424, Kou took these texts with him to the Wei court. There, he was welcomed by Emperor Taiwu and garnered the support of Cui Hao, the prime minister. Even though Cui Hao was a Confucianist, he greatly admired Kou and was immediately drawn to him. Cui also appreciated Kou's mathematical skills and hoped that he might help him improve his own longevity techniques. They also shared a dream of a 'purified society,' a land where peace and justice prevailed. Kou's 'New Code' was promulgated throughout the realm, and a large altar was built near the capital where 120 Daoist practitioners performed rites and prayers daily. Cui gained a great deal of power in the court, and in 444 began to purge the Buddhist clergy. This led to a major persecution against Buddhists in 446. In 448, Kou Qianzhi was 'released' from his body, and Cui lost his greatest supporter at the court. Shortly after Kou's death, Cui had a national history of Wei dynasty containing unflattering portraits of its rulers carved in stone. This so enraged the emperor, that he had Cui executed in 450. After Cui's execution, the Daoist community was forced to flee, with many of them settling at the Daoist center of Louguan.
Louguan (450-688).
By the late 470s, Daoists fleeing from the Northern Wei court had transformed Louguan into an important religious center. According to legend, Louguan used to be the home of Yin Xi, the first recipient of the "Dao de jing". At this time, the center's buildings were greatly expanded, and many Daoist scriptures were collected, including materials from the Lingbao and Shangqing schools. During the 7th century, the school had a prominent role in a series of debates that examined whether Buddhism or Daoism would be better suited to bring stability to the realm. The first debate surrounded Fuyi, a scholar and Daoist who proposed that Buddhism be abolished in China. Naturally, the Buddhists were not happy with his suggestions and countered his arguments in several treatises. The second debate concerned Lu Zhongqing, a friend of Fu Yi, who wrote about Buddhism's inferiority to Daoism. The Tang emperors were in support of the Daoists, and in 637 issued an edict that secured the precedence of Daoism over Buddhism. This edict remained in place until 674, when Empress Wu Zetian came to power. At the same time, Louguan also served as a refuge for Daoists fleeing the persecution of Emperor Wu of the Liang dynasty to the south. The final Northern Celestial Master, Yin Wencao arrived at Louguan in 636 and later achieved the favor of the Gaozong Emperor. After Yin's death in 688, Louguan remained an important place of Daoist learning, but ceased to be considered part of a distinct school.
Texts.
The most important text from the Northern Wei period of the Northern Celestial Masters is the "Laojun Yinsong Jiejing" (New Code). This text was revealed to Kou Qianzhi in 415, and is now mostly lost apart from a few fragments. The surviving text contains thirty-six precepts that outline rules which a Daoist had to abide by. The behavioral rules outlined proper public conduct and what to do in case of sickness. There were also guidelines describing how banquets were to be set up, as well ritual instructions concerning funeral rites, immortality practice and petitions.
One of the most important text's from the school's Louguan period is called the "Xishengjing" (The Scripture of Western Ascension). This text describes Laozi's emigration to India and the transmission of the "Daode Jing" to Yin Xi. However, the text is not really a narrative, but uses the stories as a framework to describe how an adept should live his life. The text describes how an adept can make use of the Dao that is inherent in the world, outlines meditation techniques, and discusses the results of living a sagely life and what happens after death.
Beliefs.
The Northern Celestial Master variety of Daoism was both similar and different from Zhang Lu's earlier form. Unlike prior incarnations of the Celestial Masters, which supported sexual practices as a means of achieving immortality, Kou's text urged that the sexual arts be purged from the religion. In addition, he also states that religion must be purged of the imposition of religious taxes on the faithful and the inheritance of religious titles. In the Northern Celestial Masters, Laozi became closely linked with the Buddha, who was claimed to be a student of Laozi. There were also very specific dietary requirements that had to be followed, as well as other rules, many of which were influenced by Buddhism. The Northern Celestial Masters were also the first Daoists to practice a form of monasticism, another idea that came from Buddhism. Kou also condemned messianic movements and called for texts such as the "Daodejing" to be copied and recited. Those people who were good in life would gain immortality in a new age, whereas those who were bad would be reborn as insects or animals.
Some similarities between earlier Celestial Master Daoism include the role of Laozi. Laozi was viewed as the personification of the Dao, who existed for eternity and created the world. He was believed to be the creator of the universe and came to earth intermittently to bring forth sacred scriptures, including the "Daode Jing" and "Xisheng Jing". Moreover, Laozi continued to appear periodically and bring forth new scriptures to both Kou Qianzhi and adherents at Louguan, surrounded by a celestial entourage and announced by a celestial envoy. Laozi was also extremely closely linked with the Buddha, and in certain sources, even became the Buddha or announced Yinxi as the Buddha.
Practices.
The Northern Celestial Masters followed certain regular, communal rites. One of these communal rites involved formal banquets. These feasts could last as long as seven days. In order to purify themselves for feasts, members had to abstain from eating meat, garlic, green onions, ginger, leeks and onions. A banquet consisted of three courses – wine, rice and a vegetarian meal. Ritual activity during feasts and other activities usually involved a series of bows and prostrations as well as the burning of incense. Banquets were also held when someone died. During these banquets, attendees would perform rituals aimed at remitting the sins of the deceased.
While monasticism had existed in Chinese Buddhism, the Northern Celestial Masters were one of the first Daoist groups to practice it. Kou lived a monastic lifestyle on Songshan, known today for being the location of the Shaolin Monastery. Monasticism developed further during the Louguan phase of the Northern Celestial Masters due to this influence of Buddhism. During this period, a clear distinction developed between lay and monastic followers in Daoism. The ordination, precepts and way in which monks sought salvation were all influenced by Buddhism.
Art.
Many art objects were produced in Northern China during the time of the Northern Celestial Masters. These objects were closely modeled on Buddhist designs. The image of the god (usually Laozi), would be carved on the front side of a stone stele, with inscriptions on the back or side of the carving. The inscriptions were usually prayers to the dead, a wish for the happiness of family members or wishes for political peace. The iconography and contents of the inscriptions show that a close relationship between Daoism and Buddhism existed in the Northern Wei state. This relationship is especially evident in some four-sided stelae that had carvings of both Laozi on two sides and the Buddha on the other two.

</doc>
<doc id="9822884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822884" title="Black Nexxus">
Black Nexxus

Black Nexxus is an acting studio run by Susan Batson. It has campuses in Los Angeles, California and New York City, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9822891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822891" title="Sharpe's Justice">
Sharpe's Justice

"Sharpe's Justice" is a British television drama, part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe, a fictional British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. Unlike most of the other installments of the series, this episode was not based on a novel by Bernard Cornwell. A key scene in the story is based on the Peterloo Massacre of 1819, reset here to Keighley in Yorkshire, in 1814.
Plot.
It is 1814. There is peace in Europe as a defeated Napoleon is sent into exile on the island of Elba. Major Sharpe (Sean Bean) is assigned to head the Scarsdale Yeomanry in his native Yorkshire, depriving him of a chance to settle the score with his adulterous wife Jane (Abigail Cruttenden) and her lover, Lord Rossendale (Alexis Denisof). 
Sharpe and Regimental Sergeant Major Harper (Daragh O'Malley) are met on their arrival by George Wickham (Douglas Henshall), an officer in the Yeomanry. As he escorts them to town, they are ambushed and shot at. Sharpe pursues (but does not catch) one of the men, who turns out to be his close childhood friend, Matthew Truman (Philip Glenister). 
Wickham takes Sharpe to meet Sir Willoughby Parfitt (Tony Haygarth) and Sir Percy Stanwyck (Philip Anthony), wealthy businessmen who own many cotton mills between them. Parfitt tells Sharpe about the post-war unrest. The discharge of men from the army has flooded England with unemployed workmen; the increased competition and a reduced demand for cotton gives Parfitt an excuse to lower wages. He is opposed by Truman, a rabble rouser who stirs up the discontented, poverty-stricken masses. 
Meanwhile, the financially strapped Rossendale inherits an estate in neighbouring Lancashire. He had used his influence to get Sharpe posted as far from London as possible, but now has to relocate (with Jane) nearby. Both Rossendale and Jane speak with Sharpe separately, but nothing is resolved.
Dan Hagman (John Tams), one of Sharpe's former riflemen, shows up looking for work, but turns down Sharpe's offer - nine years in uniform is enough for him. He becomes a follower of Truman.
When Sharpe hears of an illegal meeting, he orders his soldiers to tread gently, but Wickham deliberately disobeys his orders and incites a massacre; Truman gets away in the confusion. However, Wickham cleverly manages to place all the blame on Sharpe.
Sharpe visits Sally Bunting (Karen Meagher), a woman who had been kind to him in his childhood. From her, he learns that his mother is dead and also that Truman is his brother (or more likely half-brother). He arranges to meet with him at their mother's grave. Parfitt learns of it and sends Wickham to take them both. Sharpe, Harper and Hagman get away, but Truman is shot dead by Wickham.
While in hiding, Sharpe is warned by Lady Anne Camoynes (Caroline Langrishe) that Parfitt and Wickham intend to secretly intercept and destroy a steam engine that Stanwyck is bringing in, in order to weaken his business rival. They intend to blame it on disaffected machine wreckers. Sharpe and his friends foil the scheme, catching Wickham red-handed. Sharpe uses this to blackmail Parfitt into clearing his name. In the end, Sharpe heads back to London, Harper to Ireland, while Hagman stays behind, having taken a liking to Sally.

</doc>
<doc id="9822932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822932" title="Anthroposophical view of the human being">
Anthroposophical view of the human being

The anthroposophical view of humans includes:
Threefold and fourfold view.
Rudolf Steiner often described humans as consisting of an eternal spirit, an evolving soul and a temporal body, giving a detailed analysis of each of these three realms. 
Spirit: anthroposophical teachings describe the human spirit as eternal yet becoming progressively more individualized and consciously experienced. Steiner believed that humans pass between stages of existence, incarnating into an earthly body, living a life, leaving the body behind and entering into the spiritual worlds before returning to be born again into a new life on earth. In earthly life, the individuality or ego awakens to self-consciousness through its experience of its reflection in the deeds and suffering of a physical body. 
Soul: We also have a framework of consciousness that includes our set feelings, concepts and intentions. As each human soul evolves through its experiences, the earth itself and civilization as a whole also evolve; thus, new types of experience are available at each successive incarnation. 
Body: Steiner uses the term body to describe the aspects of human existence that endure for a single lifetime. The physical body is the most obvious of these. Permeating our physical existence are forces of life, growth and metamorphosis that maintain and develop the physical body; as it is an aspect of a lifetime that falls away after death, Steiner called this the life or etheric body. Steiner called that which receives sensory impressions the body of consciousness or sentient body. 
A fourfold articulation of the human body often applied to contexts such as medicine and education includes:
Physical body.
In the physical body, Steiner differentiated three primary functional areas, each supporting a particular psychological activity:
In his mature work, Steiner identified twelve senses: balance, or equilibrioception; movement, or proprioception; pain/well-being, or nociception, also called life sense; touch, or tactition; taste, or gustation; smell, or olfaction; warmth, or thermoception; sight, or vision; hearing, or audition; word / speech; thought / concept; ego / self.
Life or etheric body.
All that lives has, in addition to a physical body, a permeating life organization. Steiner cites as proof of this the physical identity of a dead and living organism; what is lacking in the former is the element of life itself. Plant life is the embodiment of this.
Astral or Feeling body.
Animal life adds an element of sentience to the living world of plants. Steiner points to sleep life, when the physical body and life organization are identical with waking life, yet sentience is withdrawn, as proof that sentience is not purely a function of the physical and life bodies. Our instincts (and prejudices), emotions and will impulses reside here; these are relatively fixed, in contrast with our more fluid and active soul life.
Ego or "I".
Human existence includes an element distinct from animate life, the ego. This awakens to self-awareness through its experience of the physical body; Steiner points to the lack of a true biography, more particularly of autobiography in animal existence as an indication that the ego is particular to humans and each human has its own distinct 'concept'. The capacity for self-direction and full responsibility are connected to the ego, which anthroposophical researchers describe as only becoming independent around twenty-one years after conception.
Sevenfold view.
In Steiner's sevenfold and ninefold descriptions, a human is composed of physical-body, life-body, astral-body, ego, spirit-self, life-spirit, and spirit-man. 
The ego experiences itself through all three of the unconscious elements (consciousness, life and physicality) in specific ways: through the astral body, bearer of sentience, in the dreamier experience of the "sentient soul"; through the life body as rationality in the "intellectual soul"; through the physical body as fully conscious, autonomous egoity in the "consciousness soul". Through differentiating ego consciousness into its experience as mediated through these unconscious organs, this gives a ninefold articulation of a human: physicality, life, consciousness; sentient, intellectual and consciousness soul; spirit self, life spirit, spirit man.

</doc>
<doc id="9822949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9822949" title="Buenos Aires (canton)">
Buenos Aires (canton)

Buenos Aires is the name of the third canton in the province of Puntarenas in Costa Rica. The canton covers an area of 2,384.22 km², and has a population of 43,526. Its capital city is also called Buenos Aires.
The canton includes a portion of the Cordillera de Talamanca along its northeastern border. The valleys of the Río General, Rio Coto Brus and Río Térraba form the core of the canton, and coastal mountain ranges set the limits on the southeast side.
The canton of Buenos Aires is subdivided into 9 distritos (districts).
History.
A law of June 26, 1914, created a canton by the name of "De Osa". This new entity encompassed much of the national territory of southernmost Costa Rica. The town of Buenos Aires became the new canton's capital. A law approved on July 29, 1940, split off a coastal portion of the canton and gave it the original name of the region, "Osa". The remaining area of the original canton was renamed "Buenos Aires", assuming the name of its capital city.

</doc>
<doc id="9823057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823057" title="Latin Trade">
Latin Trade

Latin Trade is a monthly magazine covering global business in Latin America and the Caribbean. Similar to Forbes and Fortune Magazine in coverage, the magazine was founded in 1993 and now publishes 40,000 copies every two months in Spanish and English. Some 90% of the magazine's circulation is in Latin America. The magazine has won 27 editorial and design awards since 2002, including awards from the Association of Business Publication Editors (ASBPE)1.
The LT Group also organizes executive roundtables in Miami, Sao Paulo, Mexico City and Buenos Aires and hosts the LT Bravo Business Awards, one of the most prestigious events in the Americas. Now in its 15th year, the LT Bravo Awards honor political, business and social leaders for their contributions to progress in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The LT Group was acquired in May 2008 by Manhattan Media LLC, which also publishes Avenue magazine, according to Folio magazine 2.
Sources.
1 American Society of Business Publication Editors
2 Folio magazine

</doc>
<doc id="9823090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823090" title="Figments of Reality">
Figments of Reality

Figments of Reality: The Evolution of the Curious Mind (1997) is a book about the evolution of the intelligent and conscious human mind by biologist Jack Cohen and mathematician Ian Stewart.
In this book Cohen and Stewart give their ideas on how the sentient human being evolved. Various chapters discuss scientific and
philosophical ideas such as emergence and chaos, free will, perception versus reality, objectivity versus subjectivity, self-awareness, the ego and id, groupthink, and extelligence. A theme is that the traditional reductionist approach of trying to understand things as interaction of simpler things can not alone explain such complex concepts as intelligence or culture. To better understand them one has to consider also the context in which they have evolved and the fact that the evolution is a recursive process, often changing the context so that previously unseen evolutionary paths became available. The authors claim that intelligence is an inevitable result of letting evolution progress for long enough.
Topics are illustrated with humorous science fiction snippets dealing with a hypothetical alien intelligence, the Zarathustrians, whom Cohen and Stewart use as metaphors of the human mind itself, an alternative evolution story, and various philosophical concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="9823093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823093" title="Stop the Panic">
Stop the Panic

Stop the Panic is a collaboration album by Luke Vibert and B. J. Cole, originally released in the UK by Cooking Vinyl and Law & Auder Records.
Track listing.
2X12" vinyl version.
Side A
Side B
Side C
Side D

</doc>
<doc id="9823098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823098" title="The Focus Group">
The Focus Group

The Focus Group is a project of experimental electronic musician and graphic designer Julian House. His releases are on his own label, Ghost Box Music. The Focus Group's sound is a blend of influences ranging from old library music sounds, sixties-inspired pastiches, and soundtracks to 1970s films and programmes, as well as the sound collage of musique concrète.
Influences.
House has acknowledged the debt that The Focus Group's sound owes to library music produced in the 1970s, to soundtrack documentaries, public information films, and soundtracks.
Graphic design.
House is also noted as a graphic designer; his work has included cover art for Broadcast, Stereolab, Martina Topley-Bird, Razorlight, and Primal Scream.

</doc>
<doc id="9823122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823122" title="Daniel Beretta">
Daniel Beretta

Daniel Beretta (born December 24, 1946 in Audincourt, Doubs) is a French actor and voice actor. He has dubbed over Arnold Schwarzenegger in the French versions of all his films since 1987.
Biography.
Daniel Beretta started learning how to play piano at the age of 3. He later took theater courses at Montbéliard. He performed in his first play, "Copain Clopants", in 1966. Catherine Allégret, who was in the audience, introduced Beretta to Marcel Camus, who put Beretta in his first film role in "A Savage Summer". Beretta went on to star in more plays, including "Jesus Christ Superstar" and "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg".
Beretta currently voices programme trailers on the French channel 'Sci Fi', and, between 2000 and 2008, was the station voice of the national adult contemporary radio station RFM.

</doc>
<doc id="9823135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823135" title="Theodore Romzha">
Theodore Romzha

Blessed Theodore Romzha (, , 1911–1947) was bishop of the Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve from 1944 to 1947. Assassinated by Joseph Stalin's NKVD, he was beatified as a martyr by Pope John Paul II on June 27, 2001.
Early life.
Theodore Romzha was born in the Subcarpathia region, Hungary, Austria-Hungary (in the Rusyn village Velykyy Bychkiv, now Ukraine) on April 14, 1911. His father, Pavel Romzha, worked as an official of the railroad. His mother, the former Maria Semack, was a full-time homemaker. Like many ambitious families in the region, the Romzhas spoke the Hungarian language in the home. In the presence of others, however, they switched to their native Rusyn language to be polite.
After his graduation from the Gymnasium in Khust, Theodore left to study for the priesthood in Rome. He began as a seminarian at the Collegium Germanicum, but later switched to the Russicum.
Theodore was ordained a priest there by Bishop Aleksander Evreinov on Christmas Day, 1936 in the Basilica of St Mary Major. After completing his compulsory military service he served briefly as a pastor in several Transcarpathian parishes (part of Czechoslovakia since 1918) before being assigned as professor of philosophy at the Eparchial Seminary in Uzhhorod in 1939, now given back to Hungary.
Episcopate.
These were difficult years for the Church in Subcarpathia as it experienced the invasions, later in 1938 by Hungary, one of Axis powers during the Second World War, then direct rule from Nazi Germany and lastly the Soviet Red Army.
On September 24, 1944, at the young age of 33, he was consecrated bishop and appointed apostolic administrator of the Eparchy of Mukacheve in the cathedral of Uzhorod by Bishop Miklós Dudás. He had immediately to face the soviet Red Army, which occupied the churches, assigned them to the Orthodox and arrested priests. Bishop Romzha refused in front of General Petrov to break with the Pope.
His ministry to the faithful met with many roadblocks, but he managed to find a way around them. In particular he organized a celebration of the Feast of the Assumption with a participation of more that 80,000 pilgrims. This could not be tolerated by the Communist officials who now began looking to dispose of the young bishop.
On October 27, 1947, on the way home from a parish visitation, Bishop Romzha's horse-drawn carriage was purposely rammed by a Soviet military truck and pushed off the side of the road. The soldiers, who were dressed as civilians, jumped from the truck and beat the bishop and his companions. Soon after the brutal assault began a civilian truck came upon the scene and the assailants fled. Romzha and his companions were taken to Uzhhorod where they were hospitalized. Romzha was making good progress when, late on the night of October 31, the nuns who were nursing him were suddenly dismissed and new nurse was assigned to him by the regime. A little after midnight Moscow Time, Romzha was found dead. The nurse had poisoned Romzha with an injection of curare provided by the head of NKVD Laboratory 1, Dr Grigory Mairanovsky. According to research in Soviet archives by Yevgenia Albats, the Bishop's murder was ordered personally by Nikita Khrushchev.
On November 4, 1947, a large crowd attended Romzha's funeral, despite Soviet efforts to shutdown and block public transportation. He was buried in the crypt of Holy Cross Cathedral in Uzhhorod.
The Ruthenian Catholic Church was relentlessly persecuted and in 1949 was officially suppressed. All its properties were allocated to the Russian Orthodox Church.
Feast day and Relics.
Romzha was beatified as a Martyr for the Faith by Pope John Paul II in Lviv on June 27, 2001 with November 1 assigned initially as his feast day. At the request of the Eparchy of Mukacheve, the Congregation for Oriental Churches transferred the feast day to October 31, effective 2009. Romzha died shortly after midnight November 1, according to Moscow Time, the Soviet-imposed time zone throughout Ukraine from 1930-1990; however, according to local time, Romzha died before midnight October 31.
In 1998, the relics of Blessed Theodore were found in a tomb in the crypt of Holy Cross Cathedral in Uzhhorod, and then transported to Budapest, Hungary for medical examination. On June 27–28, 2003 his relics were translated and carried in solemn procession back to Uzhhorod, where they are enshrined in a side chapel at Holy Cross Cathedral. In commemoration of the event, a second feast day, the Translation of the Holy Relics of Blessed Theodore Romzha, is celebrated on June 28.

</doc>
<doc id="9823209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823209" title="The Third Nail">
The Third Nail

The Third Nail is a drama crime film directed by Kevin Lewis, starring Huntley Ritter, Krista Allen, Charles S. Dutton and Chloë Grace Moretz. It is released on February 8, 2008.
Plot.
A young man is sentenced to life in prison for killing two children, a crime he didn't commit. DNA evidence sets him free, but there is no hiding from the prison gang that wants him dead. When his own daughter is abducted and apparently murdered, he seeks revenge. How far will he go and is it ever too late for redemption?

</doc>
<doc id="9823217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823217" title="Caral civilization">
Caral civilization

Caral civilization or Caral-Supe civilization are alternative names for the ancient Peruvian Norte Chico civilization. Caral civilization is frequently used in Spanish language sources, while Norte Chico civilization is frequently deployed in English. The name has been subject to academic dispute. Caral civilization is derived from the city of Caral, a large and well-studied archaeological site.

</doc>
<doc id="9823223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823223" title="YosepH">
YosepH

YosepH is an album by Luke Vibert, released in 2003 on Warp Records. It was originally shipped from Warpmart with a sheet of glow-in-the-dark stickers. The album is "Dedicated to the memories of Peter Walker & Rob Mitchell".
Track listing.
Japanese bonus track:

</doc>
<doc id="9823233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823233" title="Keiichi Sato">
Keiichi Sato

In 1996, Sato met with Kazuyoshi Katayama to begin work on "The Big O". Until then, Sato's work consisted mainly of designing characters and supervising animation for anime series. "The Big O" is the first based on a concept of his creation and he considers it his "magnum opus". Sato's style is influenced by his "love of all things nostalgic."

</doc>
<doc id="9823242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823242" title="Lamont (band)">
Lamont (band)

Lamont was a stoner rock trio founded in 1998 in Allston, Massachusetts, USA.
Critics have described their sound as raw '70s AC/DC style rock and roll mixed with Iggy Pop vocals and bluesy punk. They have opened for artists including Mojo Nixon, Reverend Horton Heat, and Drive-By Truckers as well as appearing at the Emissions from the Monolith festivals. Their song "Hotwire", from their 2002 album "Thunder Boogie", was included in the video game "Tony Hawk's Underground".
Lamont broke up in 2007, with lead singer/guitarist Pete Knipfing playing in Mess with the Bull, a psychobilly/death metal band that includes members of Scissorfight. The band played a reunion show in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9823268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823268" title="List of The Larry Sanders Show characters">
List of The Larry Sanders Show characters

This is a list of "The Larry Sanders Show" characters. References below to a crew position are references to the occupation of these fictional characters on the show-within-a-show, which also is named "The Larry Sanders Show".
Show staff.
Main characters.
Larry Sanders.
Lawrence "Larry" Sanders (born December 19, 1950 in Mound, Minnesota, and a graduate of the University of Minnesota), played by Garry Shandling, is the host of "The Larry Sanders Show", a late-night talk show that has been on the air since 1987, airing at 11:30 PM, five days a week, on an unnamed network. He is 42 years old (as of the 1993 episode "The Breakdown (Part One)"), then 43 years old (as of the 1993 episode "Larry's Birthday"). His father is named Jerry and his brother is named Stan. His wives were Francine and Jeannie, from both of whom he is now divorced; he was briefly engaged to Roseanne Barr.
In the episode "The Garden Weasel," Larry shows his wife Jeannie a commercial that he did for Pan Am in 1979, in which he played a flight attendant. Also in the episode, Jeannie mentions that Larry once auditioned for the game show "Make Me Laugh". In real life Shandling actually appeared on the show as a celebrity guest.
In the episode "Larry's Partner," it is mentioned that Larry began his career as a standup comedian and as part of a double act with his friend Stan Paxton. Larry and Stan recorded a comedy album together and had a bit called "The Man on the Street Meets the Man on the Moon." Larry broke up his act with Stan 15 years ago because Stan had a serious drinking problem and only joined the business to "get laid."
In the episode "The Promise", it is mentioned that Larry's first television appearance was on "The Merv Griffin Show" and that he later appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson".
Also in the episode, Larry mentions that he discovered comedian David Spade while he was performing at the Comedy Store and gave him his first television appearance on his show. Spade went on to appear on the show at least six more times. Larry feels betrayed by Spade when he learns that Spade had appeared on "The Tonight Show" recently, but he forgives him when he recalls that he did the same thing by appearing on "The Tonight Show" after "The Merv Griffin Show".
In the episode "Out Of The Loop," Larry says he was a writer on "Norm Crosby's Comedy Shop".
Larry is neurotic and self-involved. He is uncomfortable with displays of emotion and dislikes confrontation, so much so that he often deploys Artie to fight his professional battles for him. He is also very insecure about his appearance: he is always concerned about the size of his "ass", which he thinks is too big, and he was unable to disguise his displeasure at Dana Carvey's impression of him in the show's fourth season. Larry enjoys watching his own show in bed every night, which is something that frustrates his second wife Jeannie. He is addicted to unspecified prescription medications. His personal life is often more dysfunctional than his professional life: he has been married and divorced twice, and he is shown to have trouble developing intimate bonds with other people and is estranged from his family. He dates many women, such as Mimi Rogers, Sharon Stone, Ellen DeGeneres, and Dana Delany, but these relationships never last and are often doomed by elements of Larry's celebrity or work life. The end of the series provided some hope for Larry; his decision to leave his show seemed to bring him a bit of perspective, and his relationship with Illeana Douglas appeared to be more substantial than his previous attempts at intimacy.
Larry really likes frozen yogurt and often sends his assistant Beverly to get it for him.
In the episode "The Breakdown (Part One)", it is mentioned that Larry and Hank first met in the spring of 1985. Larry does not respect Hank and thinks that Hank is not very bright. Larry constantly avoids Hank because he does not like dealing with him. However, Hank sometimes acts as a voice of reason for Larry and solves his problems for him, whether intentionally or not. Larry infrequently expresses an underlying affection for Hank, despite finding him intolerable (telling his wife-to-be that he "loves him" in the episode "Hank's Wedding"), and on occasion steps beyond his comfort zone for the sake of their friendship, for example cutting short his much needed vacation in order to attend the grand opening of Hank's 'Look Around Cafe' In the episode "The Grand Opening".
Larry depends almost entirely upon Artie to protect him from the network executives and the unpleasant realities of showbusiness. Larry claims he can't do the show without Artie because Artie is so loyal to him. In practice, Artie says what Larry finds too awkward or uncomfortable to say. Artie often colludes with Larry to achieve a desired end, and is the only person in Larry's professional life that can understand and connect with him. Artie's last name is never mentioned in any episode. The characterization of Artie is heavily inspired by Fred DeCordova, Johnny Carson's longtime producer.
Francine is Larry's first wife, whom he begins dating again after Jeannie leaves him. Hank and Artie strongly dislike Francine. Larry's second wife, Jeannie, leaves him to go to Chicago because she thinks that he is too involved with the show. After she leaves him, Larry takes things very hard and has a minor heart episode.
In the episode "Larry's Birthday", it is mentioned that Larry discovered Jerry when Jerry was performing at the comedy club Catch a Rising Star and hired him as the head writer for his show. Jerry was doing poorly as a comedian and was just about to quit the business before being hired. Due to budgetary reasons, Larry has to fire Jerry and he is unhappy with how bitter Jerry becomes after being fired.
Larry depends upon Beverly to do many simple tasks for him and she is very loyal to him. In the episode "The Breakdown (Part Two)," Larry sleeps with Beverly. Afterwards, they both agree that it was a mistake to sleep together.
Larry becomes unhappy with his previous agent Leo, so he hires Stevie. Stevie is very obnoxious and Artie does not seem to like him very much. However, Stevie is good at what he does initially and he is able to negotiate Larry a very lucrative contract. Larry is impressed by the fact that Stevie represents many high-powered clients. In the episode "The Beginning of the End," Larry fires Stevie after finding out that he double-crossed him by becoming comedian Jon Stewart's agent. Stewart, at this point, is in a position to replace Larry on his talk show; and Stevie negotiates for Stewart rather than Larry before being fired. Grant is believed to be inspired by Ari Emanuel.
Larry feels contempt for Melanie because he tends to dislike network executives. In the episode "The Garden Weasel", she makes him do live commercials on the show against his will. Larry gets into an argument with her afterwards and she punches him in the face.
Hank Kingsley.
Hank Kingsley (born Henry Joseph Lepstein Jr.), played by Jeffrey Tambor, is the announcer and sidekick on "The Larry Sanders Show", known for his "Hey now!" catchphrase (a takeoff on Ed McMahon's "Hi-yoooo!"). His father was Henry Joseph Kingsley, Sr., and he was married to Margaret Dolan, whom he later divorced.
Hank worked as a cruise director when he met Sanders, who befriended him and took him to the show. Though both Hank and Sanders are narcissistic, they generally act as a foil to one another. Larry is neurotic and evasive, while Hank is open and somewhat naive. Unlike Larry, Hank is more than willing to lend his name to commercial products and tries to cultivate a cult of personality through his little-read newsletters, fan club, and so on. Hank tends to be dense and is frequently the butt of the jokes, often without realizing it.
He is generally disrespected among his co-workers because of his ego and dimness. Hank will often act humble and unassuming, especially on camera or in front of media executives and other influential persons, but would become condescending and often quite nasty to anyone whom he perceives to be of a lower status. Hank spends considerable time furthering his career, often endorsing questionable products and working behind Larry's back to ensure his enduring presence on the show, even when Larry is being scrutinized.
A running gag in the series involved Hank sending his assistant to tell Larry that he would like to speak with him, only to then approach Larry asking "You wanted to see me?"
Artie described him once as someone who means well, but "keeps his brain at home in a box".
In the final episode ("Flip"), it is revealed that Hank offered his assistant Brian a job paying $300 a week with no benefits (Brian said he was thinking of taking it).
Artie.
"Artie", played by Rip Torn, is the producer of "The Larry Sanders Show". His last name is never mentioned during the run of the show, but his full first name is Arthur. He has three sons named Eddie, Steve, and Cully, a grandfather named Jacob, and a mother named Adel. He has been married four times; his most recent wife is named Elaine. Artie is often shown drinking (typically either following a show taping or during a stressful situation), with his beverages of choice including vodka Salty Dogs and Glenlivet scotch whisky.
Artie served in the Marine Corps during the Korean War. His first job in show business was as a bouncer. Artie's first job as a producer was on "The Jackie Gleason Show", under producer Bob Sterling. He had replaced Sterling as producer after working on the show for six months. Artie also worked on The Jack Paar Show and The Dick Cavett Show during his career prior to becoming producer of The Larry Sanders Show.
Artie is tough and very loyal to Larry, essentially taking on a fatherlike mentor role to Larry. He has a special ability to manipulate people into doing exactly what is best for the show. According to several interviews with both Rip Torn and series creator Garry Shandling, the character of Artie is largely based on long-serving TV and Film producer Fred De Cordova who produced (and eventually executive-produced) "The Tonight Show" for over twenty years, encompassing almost all of Johnny Carson's run as host including his iconic final broadcast. De Cordova himself guest-starred as himself in episode "Eight" and "As My Career Lay Dying". De Cordova reportedly presented Torn with a copy of the former's memoir, "Johnny Came Lately: An Autobiography", inscribed "To the other Fred".
Like most of the employees on the show, Artie has little respect for Hank and believes he makes a number of very poor decisions. However Artie is wise enough to understand the dynamic relationship between Larry and Hank, and is often looking out for him as a result (see Hank's Divorce Episode).
Along with Hank, Artie strongly dislikes Larry's ex-wife Francine and is very unhappy when she gets back together with him; when Larry is with Francine, he does not put full effort into the show. Artie has never forgiven Francine for smashing Larry's People Choice Award.
Artie dislikes all agents but he especially dislikes Stevie, Larry's sleazy and obnoxious agent whom he slams against a wall for backstabbing Larry. Artie is very proud of Larry after he fires Stevie In the episode "The Beginning of the End."
Artie, like Larry, dislikes most network executives; but unlike Larry, he is able to deal with them. Larry depends on Artie to deal with executive Melanie for him. Artie mentions several times that he thinks that he killed a man like Melanie in Korea.
Personal assistants.
Beverly Barnes.
Beverly Barnes, played by Penny Johnson, is Larry Sanders' personal assistant.
Darlene Chapinni.
Darlene Chapinni, played by Linda Doucett, was employed as sidekick Hank Kingsley's personal assistant for the first three seasons of the program. She quit her job as assistant (in episode two of season four) via a FedEx letter, informing Hank that she had chosen to follow a "holy man" in India. She is last seen in the final episode "Flip". After Darlene left, the personal assistant position was filled by Brian (whose last name was never given), played by Scott Thompson of "The Kids in the Hall".
Brian.
Brian, played by Scott Thompson, is Hank's openly gay personal assistant, who replaces Darlene. Although Hank seemed uncomfortable at first, he is okay with Brian's orientation. In one episode, Hank is mistaken for being gay after a night on the town with his assistant. Brian, like Darlene, is loyal to Hank, and even offers Hank advice from time to time. In season 6, Brian threatens to sue the show for sexual harassment, after getting tired of Phil's gay jokes, but the suit is apparently called off after a surprising turn of events. In the final episode ("Flip"), Brian tells Mary Lou that Hank offered him a job paying $300 a week with no benefits, and he was thinking of taking it.
Writing staff.
Jerry Capen.
Jerry Capen, played by Jeremy Piven, is the show's head writer, but is fired from the show by Artie due to his promiscuous and consistently unprofessional nature in the episode "Larry's Birthday". His mother is named Shirley. Capen is first seen in the episode "The Promise".
Phil.
Phil, played by Wallace Langham, is the show's head writer after Capen's departure. Phil's surname is never mentioned in the run of the series. He is first seen in the episode "The Promise".
The character Phil begins his career as a writer for "The Larry Sanders Show" under the then-head writer Jerry, played by Jeremy Piven. After Jerry was written off of the show, it went several episodes without having the head writer character. Phil then persuaded Artie to promote him to head writer and then wanted to demote himself because he felt that the work was not as enjoyable as it was before.
Although Phil is quite young, he displays a bitterness that is rarely seen in young professionals. He dislikes when Larry and Artie criticize his writing and often feels unappreciated. He is a better writer when he is unhappy as seen when his girlfriend dumps him and Larry describes the monologue as never having been that good before. He is a Buddhist. At one point he leaves the show to develop a pilot for the network about a band from Seattle only to have his writing criticized by the network executives and by the future star of the show, Dave Chappelle, who says that Phil shouldn't be writing a "black show" even though it was never Phil's intention to write one.
Wendy Traston.
Wendy Traston, played by Sarah Silverman, is brought on as a staff writer in the episode "The New Writer". However, her jokes are not used because of the chauvinism and bias of the head writer, Phil, who favors the jokes of his male co-writers. She appeared in several episodes during the last two seasons.
Mike Patterson.
Michael "Mike" Patterson is a writer played by John Riggi who is brought on as a staff writer on "The Larry Sanders Show" before Jerry is fired. Patterson is first seen in the episode "Larry's Birthday", and last seen in the episode "Headwriter". Patterson was created by Maya Forbes.
Talent bookers.
Paula.
Paula, played by Janeane Garofalo, is the show's talent booker (although another character, Kiki, is shown as the talent booker in the season 2 episode "Performance Artist"). Throughout the run of the series, her last name is never mentioned. She has a very dry sense of humour and cringes at any display of sentimentality.
In the second season episode "Artie's Gone", Arthur trusts her to produce the show on her own.
In the episode "Montana", as Larry is trying to assemble the former show staffers for another kick at the can after his sabbatical, he asks Paula if she'd be interested in continuing at her old job. She says that she has an offer to be the associate producer on the "Conan O'Brien Show". Larry's response comes in form of a question: "I can understand why you'd want to take the Conan O'Brien job over this one. It's a good sh... How long do you think that's going to stay on the air?", to which frightened Paula replies: "See you Monday".
However, Paula's second stint with the show is not without problems as Larry comes very close to firing her in the episode "The Gift Episode" after several high profile guest pull out of the commitment despite being already booked. In a conversation with Artie, Larry expresses a personal opinion that Paula isn't right for the job "because she doesn't have the right personality". He goes on to state that "she's too...", but before Larry can finish, Artie interjects with three offerings "abrasive?", "brusque?", and "incapable of putting a performer at ease because she has a basic contempt for the business?". Larry answer is a vehement "no" after each of the first two, and a strong "yes" after the third one.
In the episode "The Matchmaker", she gets an inexperienced assistant Mary Lou Collins who makes frequent mistakes in research notes for Larry's interviews leading to several on-air embarrassing situations during the Nicollette Sheridan segment.
Paula last appears in "Pain Equals Funny". After performing the booking job for five years, she gets an offer to be the producer on a daytime program "". On one hand she is not thrilled about going to daytime, but on the other it's the realisation of her dream to one day produce. Also, as she tells Larry about her present job while informing him that she's leaving: "I can only derive a limited amount of personal satisfaction from booking the parrot lady". Larry wants to keep her and immediately offers her a promotion to produce "The Larry Sanders Show". According to how Larry envisioned her promotion right there on the spot, she'd be working under the show's longtime executive producer Artie, which she ecstatically accepts. However, the arrangement quickly turns sour as Artie, already feeling disrespected and threatened by the whole proceeding, walks off the show following a disagreement with Paula over a production issue of lighting during which Larry takes her side. Faced with a sudden crisis, Larry lets her produce that day's show by herself, before summoning her to his office to inform her that the arrangement won't work and ask her to see if the daytime job is still open. On the same occasion he lets her know how much he's always liked her, basically coming on to her, and also expressing hope that once all has settled down they can maybe go out. Angry and flattered at the same time, perplexed Paula says that she's never been fired this way. As she's packing her stuff the next day, Artie approaches Paula at her desk and after imparting some words of wisdom from his long experience being a producer says that there're still some tricks that he could teach her, meaning that he had a change of heart and is now fine with her working alongside him. However, the very next day after seeing her in the office, Larry is now unhappy to learn about the new turn because as he says to Artie: "I never would've told her I liked her if I'd known she was staying". The conversation in which she is again informed that it would be better that she leaves is not shown, but this was the last time the character of Paula appeared on the show.
Mary Lou Collins.
Mary Lou Collins, played by Mary Lynn Rajskub, is an assistant talent booker. Working under Paula, she frequently makes mistakes in researching the celebrities, which led to Larry looking foolish on air. However, Mary Lou eventually became more competent in the position, and fills Paula's shoes once she left.
In season 6's "The Interview", Mary Lou accidentally hits Hank's car, but has difficulty confessing this to him. As a result, Hank misunderstands her confession attempts as her having a crush on him, and invites her to dinner. Mary Lou confides in Beverly that she's attracted to sensitive men (which Hank is far from), and later tries to subtly rebuff every move Hank makes on her. However, when Hank breaks down while watching Larry being interviewed on "Extra (TV series)", Mary Lou finds herself attracted to him.
Kiki Rosatti.
Kiki Rosatti, played by Maureen Mueller, is shown as head booker in the episode "Performance Artist".
Professional associates.
Agents.
Leo.
Leo is Larry's longtime agent, played by John Pleshette. He gets dumped by Larry in the middle of contract negotiations as Larry decides to pursue a big money contract with the help of high powered agent Stevie Grant.
Leo is introduced as a good-natured, personable individual whom Larry socializes with outside of work. Although generally happy with Leo's representation, Larry wants to go after "the Letterman money" in the latest contract negotiations as he feels he deserves it after doing the show for six years. However, he can hardly hide his disappointment with the latest offer Leo comes back with after lunch with the network's head of business affairs. Leo explains that Letterman had to leave a network in order to get the kind of money Larry wants, while Larry insists that "we can do better". Asked by Leo how much better, perplexed Larry says "I want you to tell me" before Leo whispers another figure into his ear to which Larry immediately starts shaking his head in disappointment followed by an instruction to Leo to pass on the network's latest official offer. As he departs, Leo good-naturedly asks him "how much of a fight do you want to put up here", to which already somewhat irritated Larry responds "I don't want a fight, Leo, I want you to fight". Couple of days later, Larry goes out to lunch with Stevie Grant and decides to sign with him, thus dumping Leo.
Leo is predictably devastated when broken the news at Larry's home during a dinner also attended by Artie and Francine, while Larry maintains this is strictly a business decision and doesn't want Leo to take it personally. Leo naturally does and their longtime friendship gets ruined.
He is first seen in the episode "Larry's Agent", and was created by Garry Shandling, Paul Simms, Maya Forbes, and Drake Sather.
Stevie Grant.
Steven "Stevie" Grant is Larry's obnoxious agent, played by Bob Odenkirk. High-strung and cajoling, he often uses a combination of profane and ostentatious language to punctuate his points.
His appearances on the show are always accompanied by great turmoil and tension, such as: contract negotiations, network sale, walk-off threats, new host takeovers, etc.
Unlike with his previous agent Leo, Larry maintains a strictly professional relationship with Stevie, without any socializing.
Stevie, a young aggressive hot-shot Hollywood agent on the way up, is introduced in the episode "Larry's Agent" as Larry's contract is being renegotiated by his longtime agent and friend — Leo. Seemingly unrelated to the ongoing renegotiation, Stevie stops by the show and greets Artie and Larry backstage following the director Barry Levinson's segment on the show. Stevie says he's only there to "hold Levinson's hand" because he signed him the previous week, but doesn't miss an opportunity to inquire about the contract renegotiation while encouraging Larry to keep on by telling him he's "got the network by the balls". Stevie then suddenly leans in and says: "Hey, if Leo's having a hard time with this thing, I sure would like to take a shot", to which somewhat flattered Larry politely replies that Leo's got it covered. As Stevie leaves, Artie expresses displeasure at Stevie failing to shake his offered hand at the beginning of the brief encounter while slightly impressed Larry says he thinks Stevie is the next Michael Ovitz. Despite Larry's denials, Artie is already sensing he wants to fire Leo and lets him know as much in front of his girlfriend Francine who even frowns upon the very thought.
Soon, however, Larry has lunch with Stevie Grant at Spago and afterwards informs him that he's signing with him. Stevie immediately goes in very aggressively at the network. After running into one another at the elevator, Larry is informed by the network president Sheldon Davidoff that Stevie drives an extremely tough bargain. Sheldon also tells him he's surprised Larry would be willing to leave the network and move the show to New York City, all of which Larry hears about for the first time, but plays coy anyway despite just realizing Stevie threw that bluff without even consulting him. Sheldon concludes the brief conversation by saying: "That Stevie Grant has no fears", before trailing off: "Oh well, it isn't his career he's playing with". Larry immediately confronts his new agent for performing such a stunt without keeping him in the loop, but Stevie reassures him it's all about the leverage, telling Larry he'd even be willing to take the syndication deal from King World if he doesn't get the money from the network. Rapidly cooling on Stevie's punch-in-the-gut style, scared Larry confides in Artie that "Stevie Grant is totally out of fucking control". The thing that makes Larry finally decide to dump Stevie is a conversation in which he pushes the New York thing like a real possibility because his agency apparently has good relationship with King World, and "King World is sweet on New York". Talking things over with Artie at the office again, Larry calls his new agent "a prick", "a liar", "two-faced", and "weird" just as Stevie is coming into the room with a new offer from the network written on a piece of paper. Artie excuses himself from the room, while Larry is so sick of everything that he's determined to break things off with Stevie right there before even hearing the offer. As he's delivering his "Listen, Stevie, I've been thinking about a lot of things..." spiel, Stevie hands him the piece of paper and Larry glances at it after a few moments but crucially before getting to the gist of his speech already in progress. Obviously ecstatic with the offered figure, Larry does a complete turnaround on the spot and decides not to get rid of Stevie.
Stevie's next appearance is in the episode "L.A. or N.Y.?", which was the second season's finale. After meeting Richard "Dick" Jermaine who represents the foreign beer producer that's about to buy the network, Larry is so displeased with the overall vibe he gets from the man and particularly with his idea to overhaul the show into a "late night news magazine wrap-up of the day's events with a hip MTV sensibility" that he immediately contacts Stevie about his options to leave, citing his inability to work for "this fucking beer nut" as the reason. Stevie's immediate reaction is one of rehearsed loud jubilation: "Yesss, fuck that beer baron! We're fuckin' outta here!" Upon being told by Larry to keep it down, Stevie apologizes by saying "I live for this shit. It gets me all hot and wet." Stevie then informs Larry that he already talked to Ted Harbert at ABC where according to Stevie "they'd kill their grandmothers" to have the "New Larry Sanders Show After Nightline", which, as he also tells Larry, is "unfortunately the title they want to use". In addition to all of the above, Stevie informs Larry that the ABC people want him to do the show from New York City instead of L.A.. Larry is receptive to all of it except for the move to NYC that at one point even prompts him to deliver his by now usual threat of moving to Montana, which Stevie takes half-jokingly by quipping it would make a great sitcom. Faced with a difficult decision under severe pressure from his girlfriend Francine as well as the show's staff who are scared for their jobs, Larry is soon informed by Stevie that the ABC deal is almost locked up and is shown a one year contract figure. Unhappy with the lack of a long term commitment on ABC's part, Larry wonders out loud to Stevie "if Harvard is such a big fan, how come the deal is only for a year". In his retort, Stevie flippantly points out that "these guys never last", adding: "he'll be out of a job within a year and we'll renegotiate". Larry doesn't like any of it, while Stevie attempts to reassure him: "Larry, don't micromanage, let me handle the details". Larry's response verges on anger: "You know what your problem is, Stevie? You're talking to me like you think I believe you", before he goes on stage to do a show at the end of which he announces his retirement and intention to spend the rest of his life in Montana.
In the episode "People's Choice" Stevie is livid after finding out Larry agreed to host the People's Choice Awards as a favour to Artie who's producing this year. Stevie is beside himself that Larry made a decision without consulting him. Instead of hosting by himself, which is what he thought he was agreeing to, Larry is angrily informed by Stevie that he actually agreed to co-host with Rita Moreno and Dean Cain. To further drive his point home Stevie makes Larry repeat the following out loud: "Co-hosting detracts from my essential specialness in the marketplace".
When Larry gets addicted to painkillers in the episode "End of the Season", thus missing a week of shows and forcing the staff to call Pat Sajak into guest hosting action, he's cared for at his home by old friend Roseanne Barr, and Stevie pays him a visit with a fruit basket in tow. However, while talking to Larry alone, Stevie's much more interested in Roseanne's agent situation at the rival William Morris Agency - at one point even asking Larry whether he knows if she's happy with the representation over there. As jittery and distracted Larry reaches for the wrapped-up fruit basket on the table, Stevie informs him that it's actually for Roseanne while also telling him that his basket won't be ready until tomorrow because "you like that sugar-free shit, right".
In the episode "Conflict of Interest", Stevie starts dating the "Larry Sanders Show" talent booker Paula, which soon raises suspicion among the staff that he's only doing it in order to use their relationship as a way to get his lesser known clients such as Ed Begley, Jr., Sally Struthers, Jake Johansen, and Andy Kindler booked on the show.
He is first seen in the episode "Larry's Agent", and was created by Garry Shandling, Paul Simms, Maya Forbes, and Drake Sather.
Publicists.
Norman Litkey.
Norman Litkey is Larry's publicist throughout the series, played by David Paymer.
He's a bald, slightly neurotic showbiz insider who seemingly derives enormous amounts of personal satisfaction from exploiting anything and everything for publicity purposes.
Norman makes his first appearance in the episode "A Brush with the Elbow of Greatness" in order to handle the fallout following an incident involving Larry that occurred at a supermarket in Larchmont Village. Local newscast runs a piece in which shopper named Carol Biederman accuses Larry of knocking her into a magazine rack by pushing in front of her in the checkout line. Larry doesn't remember doing any such thing and maintains his innocence saying he only recalls having a splitting headache that night and quickly running into the supermarket to get some Excedrin and artichokes. Naturally, due to Larry's celebrity, the story generates some media interest that quickly goes into overdrive once the supermarket's security camera footage suddenly surfaces. The tape is obtained by "Entertainment Tonight", however, Artie gets a copy before it airs and watches it with Larry thus realizing that contrary to Larry's recollection, the late-night star clearly did bump this woman into a rack. Depressed about the tape airing in a few hours, they summon publicity man Norman Litkey who's surprisingly cheerful about what happened, referring to it as "publicity bonanza" and repeatedly exclaiming in delight: "Gentlemen, I'm wetting myself" (a phrase he says throughout the series, whenever he gets excited). Norman mentions to Larry that instead of publicly apologizing to Ms. Biederman like she demanded, thereby immediately nipping the whole thing in the bud, he should ride the wave of publicity and enjoy the increased viewership this extra attention will surely bring. Or as Norman puts it: "let's not kill this cow before we've milked it", before drawing comparisons to the 1990 Roseanne Barr incident at a baseball game that projected her show from number twelve to number one in the ratings. Reluctantly, Larry agrees to hold off the apology and see how the thing plays out over the next few days. Depressed from the relentless beating he's taking in the media for what he did, Larry spends most of his time locked in his office saying he wants to quit show business and move to Montana. He finally reaches a point where he can't take it any longer and decides to apologize. Norman supports his decision, seeing it now as "the right, human, and only thing to do", however, in order to maximize the publicity effect he suggests Larry do it by having the woman on the show, which Larry reluctantly agrees to again.
Norman makes a comeback when Larry and Sharon Stone begin to date, looking to exploit his client's relationship with a major Hollywood star for publicity. His advice to Larry is to "get his head right in close to Sharon" when the paparazzi are taking her photos outside of restaurants. As Larry is rolling his eyes at the suggestion, Norman proceeds to explain "the second law of thermodynamics" to his client: "heat always passes from a hotter body to a cooler body, and never the other way around — see, you're getting her heat, and that means the show is getting heat, and that means my kids will eat". Surprised Larry asks: "You have kids?", to which Norman has a ready retort: "There're some kids in my neighborhood, who gives a shit".
He is first seen in the episode "A Brush with the Elbow of Greatness", and was created by Maya Forbes & Peter Tolan.
Network executives.
Dennis.
Dennis is a network executive in his forties played by Doug Ballard who favors the idea of cutting costs by replacing Larry with a new host, which would enable the network to dump Larry's huge salary.
Dennis' first appearance took place during "Life Behind Larry" where he was one of two executives involved with filling the 12:35am spot after Larry's show (the other one being Melanie Parrish). Two of them suggested Bob Saget and Dave Coulier while Larry pushed for Bobcat Goldthwait only to see the job eventually go to Tom Snyder.
In the episode "Larry's on Vacation" (season 4 finale) while he and a fellow executive Melanie Parish discuss guest host Sandra Bernhard's ratings vs. Larry's, Dennis is the first to put forth the idea of replacing their highly paid star. He reasons that since Sandra Bernhard is able to pull the same audience share as Larry and also get a younger demographic, the network would save a lot by bringing in a fresh face that would be willing to work for a lot less than Larry's current salary. Asked by somewhat surprised Melanie if he specifically wants Sandra to become the new host, Dennis says that it could be anybody (Jon Stewart, Rosie O'Donnell, etc.).
In the next episode, as Jon Stewart gets ready to guest host another week, Dennis, backed up by Melanie, says to Artie that they want to bring Jon in as the permanent guest host or as he puts it: "we want to make sure we have a backup quarterback".
Dennis is first seen in the episode "Life Behind Larry" and last seen in the episode "Everybody Loves Larry". He was created by Peter Tolan.
Kenny Mitchell.
Kenny Mitchell is the network executive in his thirties played by Joshua Malina who is brought in to administer major changes to the "Larry Sanders Show" in order to make it appeal to a younger demographic.
Kenny is first introduced tagging along with Roger Bingham, when they drop into Larry's office unannounced in order to talk to him about "doing a little finetuning to get the numbers up" since he's losing to "Keenan" in certain key cities. To that end, Kenny starts to inform Larry and Artie about the ideas/suggestions that the network's research department has come up with (a more enthusiastic Leno-type opening with running through the audience and shaking their hands, different hairstyle for Larry), but is repeatedly interrupted by an uninterested Larry. As the fifth and last suggestion/idea, Kenny lists a snappier theme song at which point he plays a tape with the funky number done by "the guy who did the "Singled Out" theme".
Very soon afterwards, Kenny gets assigned to the show as the creative consultant to oversee the implementation of the various changes. Not surprisingly, right from the start he's despised by everyone, especially Artie who calls him a "pimple-faced chaperone". When Kenny crudely insults the show to Artie's face, Artie assaults Kenny. Mitchell is first seen in the episode "Another List" and last seen in the episode "Adolf Hankler".
Melanie Parrish.
Melanie Parrish, a woman in her forties, is the Vice President of Programming played by Deborah May who often gets into conflicts with Larry. In the episode "The Garden Weasel," it is mentioned that Melanie has recently been made the Vice President of Programming at the network, which makes her in charge of late night programming. Also in the episode, Melanie forces Larry to begin performing live commercials for products that sponsor the show. Larry tries to get out of it and ends up being hit in the face by Melanie.
Melanie is tough and often uses foul language to prove her point. Artie mentions that Melanie reminds him of a man that he killed in Korea.
She is last seen in the episode "Adolf Hankler". Parrish's character was created by Peter Tolan.
Roger Bingham.
Roger Bingham is a slick network executive in his mid-to-late thirties, played by Bruce Greenwood, who favours Jon Stewart to be the host over Larry.
Roger is first mentioned by another network executive, Dennis, during "Everybody Loves Larry" as being someone who "feels very strongly about Jon Stewart".
Roger's first actual appearance on the show is in the episode "Larry's New Love" when he steps in along with Kenny Mitchell to retool the "Larry Sanders Show" after it starts to slip in the ratings. Bingham is first seen in the episode "Larry's New Love", and last seen in the episode "The Beginning of the End".
Sheldon Davidoff.
Sheldon "Shel" Davidoff is the president of the network, played by James Karen. He is close friends with Artie and they associate together outside of work.
An old school executive, Sheldon carries himself in dignified manner, never swearing or raising his voice around the office. In stark contrast to other executives at "the network", he seems to displays genuine care and compassion for the people he deals with at work.
Davidoff's character was created by Peter Tolan, and is last seen in the episode "Larry's Agent".
Larry's wives.
Francine Sanders.
Francine Sanders, played by Kathryn Harrold, was married to, but is now divorced from, Larry, and is a reporter. She is first seen in the episode "The Breakdown (Part Two)", and last seen in the episode "L.A. or N.Y.?". Her character was created by Garry Shandling, Chris Thompson, & Paul Simms.
Jeannie Sanders.
Jeannie Sanders, played by Megan Gallagher, was married to, but is now divorced from, Larry. She is last seen in the episode "Jeannie's Visit".

</doc>
<doc id="9823315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823315" title="Mal Davis">
Mal Davis

Malcolm Sterling Davis (born October 10, 1956 in Lockeport, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. 
Davis played for the Amherst Ramblers, a junior team in Amherst, Nova Scotia, and then attended Saint Mary's University in Halifax, Nova Scotia where he was a member of the university's Huskies ice hockey team.
Davis played for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League and its American Hockey League farm team, the Rochester Americans, and later with TPS Turku in Finland.
Davis won the Les Cunningham Award for 1983–84. The award is given to the American Hockey League's "Most Valuable Player" of the regular season, as voted on by AHL media and players.
References.
Detroit Red Wing player

</doc>
<doc id="9823327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823327" title="List of cities and towns in the San Francisco Bay Area">
List of cities and towns in the San Francisco Bay Area

The San Francisco Bay Area, commonly known as the Bay Area, is a metropolitan region surrounding the San Francisco Bay and San Pablo Bay estuaries in Northern California. According to the 2010 United States Census, the region has over 7.1 million inhabitants and approximately of land. The region is home to three major cities: San Francisco, San Jose, and Oakland.
The Bay Area has been inhabited since antiquity, first by the Ohlone and Miwok peoples, followed by the Spanish, who first arrived in 1769 and established the area's first mission, Mission San Francisco de Asís, in 1776. After being ceded to the United States in 1848, the Bay Area grew immensely due to the California Gold Rush, establishing itself as one of the most important regions on the West Coast. Today, the Bay Area is the home of Silicon Valley, Wine Country, and numerous companies, universities, bridges, airports, and parks.
The Bay Area consists of nine counties (Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano, and Sonoma) and 101 municipalities. One, San Francisco, is a consolidated city–county. California law makes no distinction between "city" and "town", and municipalities may use either term in their official names. The first municipalities to incorporate were Benicia and San Jose on March 27, 1850, while the most recent was Oakley on July 1, 1999. The largest municipality by population and land area is San Jose with 945,942 residents and . The smallest by population is Colma with 1,792 people, while the smallest by land area is Belvedere at .
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9823337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823337" title="Spring Collection">
Spring Collection

Spring Collaboration is a collaboration EP by Luke Vibert and BJ Cole.
Track listing.
12" vinyl version.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="9823338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823338" title="Arduin, Laffer &amp; Moore Econometrics">
Arduin, Laffer &amp; Moore Econometrics

Arduin, Laffer & Moore Econometrics (ALME) is a conservative-leaning economic consulting firm led by Donna Arduin, Arthur Laffer, and Stephen Moore. Their experience includes public policy, economics, and corporate planners.
Donna Arduin.
Donna Arduin served as California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's Director of Finance from November 2003 until October 2004, in which she was the Governor's chief fiscal advisor and was a member of over 70 boards and authorities. Before her appointment as director, Schwarzenegger asked Arduin to undertake an outside, independent audit of California government and state finances. Arduin had earlier served governors from three other states:Florida, New York, and Michigan. Arduin was Governor Jeb Bush's Director of the Florida Office of Policy and Budget for five years, in which she managed the formulation of the governor's policy and fiscal recommendations, created the nation's first interactive "e-budget" and implemented performance-based budgeting and long-range planning. A graduate of Duke University, Arduin graduated magna cum laude with honors in economics and public policy. She worked as an analyst in New York and Tokyo in the private financial markets for Morgan Stanley and Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan.
Arthur Laffer.
Arthur Laffer is a supply side economist who became influential during the Reagan administration as a member of Reagan's Economic Policy Advisory Board (1981-1989). Laffer is best known for the Laffer curve, a curve illustrating tax elasticity which asserts that in certain situations, a decrease in tax rates could result in an increase in tax revenues. Although he does not claim to have invented this concept (Laffer 2004), it was popularized with policymakers following an afternoon meeting with Dick Cheney, in which he reportedly sketched the curve on a napkin to illustrate his argument (Wanninski 2005). Laffer received a BA in economics from Yale University in 1963. He graduated from Stanford University with an MBA in 1965 and a PhD in economics in 1971. He has six children. His followers include Lawrence Kudlow, the co-host of Kudlow & Co. on CNBC; and Donald Luskin, author of the blog The Conspiracy to Keep You Poor and Stupid.
Stephen Moore.
Stephen Moore is an economist and policy analyst who founded and served as president of the Club for Growth from 1999 to 2004. He is currently a member of the "Wall Street Journal" editorial board and frequently opines on the pages of their Op-Ed section. He is also a contributing editor for "National Review". He holds a BA from the University of Illinois and an MA from George Mason University in economics. Moore usually advocates views in favor of free market policies and supply-side economics such as those promoted by the Free Enterprise Fund, which he founded. From 1983 to 1987, Moore served as the Grover M. Hermann Fellow in Budgetary Affairs at the Heritage Foundation. Moore also was a fellow of the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank. Moore was the senior economist of the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee under Chairman Dick Armey of Texas. There, he was also an architect of Armey's flat tax proposal in 1995. The Armey Flat Tax still serves as a model for ideal flat tax legislation. He was also part of the research team hired by Americans For Fair Taxation to create the FairTax, the most cosponsored tax reform proposal in the US Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="9823346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823346" title="New Orleans mayoral election, 1866">
New Orleans mayoral election, 1866

The mayoral election of New Orleans, Louisiana for 1866 was won by John T. Monroe.

</doc>
<doc id="9823360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823360" title="Operation Vigilant Sentinel">
Operation Vigilant Sentinel

Operation Vigilant Sentinel was a response to Saddam Hussein advance of its military forces on the border with Kuwait. The United States deployed the 74th Air Control Squadron to Kuwait on August 24, 1995. The specific battle management functions the 74th Air Control Squadron and its counterparts performed included surveillance, data link management and weapons control. The deploying units were part of a ground theater air control system, consisting of a control reporting element and an air support operations center. The US then deployed 3,500 soldiers to Kuwait in October 1996 as a deterrent to further hostile Iraqi acts toward Kuwait following the expansion of the Iraqi no-fly zones.
Third Army/ARCENT provided command and control for a rapid deployment of a heavy brigade task force. Once more, Iraqi threats were decisively met while ARCENT simultaneously conducted a major training exercise in Egypt, codenamed "BRIGHT STAR 95," involving military forces from 6 other nations. This contingency operation validated critical procedures for deployment, particularly the off loading of equipment from floating prepositioning ships and its distribution to arriving soldiers. The deployment of a "Fly-Away Package" of key contingency staff also validated procedures for a rapidly deployed command and control group able to conduct combat operations immediately upon arrival. 
United States Navy and US Marine Corps combat forces (15th MEU) and active and reserve Military Sealift Command forces responded to Iraqi threats against Jordan and Kuwait. Maritime Pre-positioning Ship Squadron Two sortied from Diego Garcia with equipment for a 17,300-Marine combat force and remained on-station to provide rapid response capability. 
Operation Vigilant Sentinel's response quickly convinced Saddam Hussein to withdraw his forces from the Kuwaiti border.

</doc>
<doc id="9823364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823364" title="Belfast East (Assembly constituency)">
Belfast East (Assembly constituency)

Belfast East is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the Belfast East UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 and 2010 to 2011 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
The most high-profile MLA for the constituency is Peter Robinson, the First Minister and leader of the Democratic Unionist Party. 
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Belfast East (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1973).
In 1973, elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The six members elected from East Belfast were:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention (1975).
In 1975, elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The six members elected from East Belfast were:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1982).
In 1982, elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. East Belfast elected 6 members as follows:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from East Belfast. They were as follows:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9823369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823369" title="Belfast North (Assembly constituency)">
Belfast North (Assembly constituency)

Belfast North is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the Belfast North UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1973 to 1974, 1983 to 1986 and 2010 to 2011 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983 to 1995 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Belfast North (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1973).
In 1973, elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The six members elected from North Belfast were:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention (1975).
In 1975, elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The six members elected from North Belfast were:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1982).
In 1982, elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. North Belfast elected 5 members as follows:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from North Belfast. They were as follows:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9823371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823371" title="Belfast South (Assembly constituency)">
Belfast South (Assembly constituency)

Belfast South is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the Belfast South UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 and 2010-2011 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
The constituency is primarily formed from the Belfast City Council districts of Balmoral, Laganbank and as well as a number of wards from Pottinger and Castlereagh Borough Council. For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Belfast South (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from South Belfast. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. South Belfast elected 5 members as follows:
Changes 1982–1986
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The six members elected from South Belfast were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The six members elected from North Belfast were:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9823386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823386" title="MotoGP '07">
MotoGP '07

"MotoGP '07" is the fifth game in THQ's MotoGP series for Xbox 360 and PC. The purchase of the Climax Racing studio, developer of most of the previous titles in the series, from Climax Studios by Disney Interactive Studios led to speculation over who would be developing the game. However, a promo video on the Xbox Live Marketplace confirmed that Climax Studios were still involved in "MotoGP '07".
Features.
"MotoGP '07" features complete rider and team data, new 800cc MotoGP bikes and all 18 circuit of the 2007 MotoGP season. The title also features interactive track-side crowds, on-line tournament features, on-line "pink slip" racing, and a revamped Extreme mode. The revamped Extreme mode allows for over one million possible bike customizations.
In addition, minor gameplay changes have been made to the handling and braking to allow for easier player accessibility. Changes to acceleration and deceleration have been made to add to the realism which will make turns easier to navigate through. Slight fishtailing with hard braking has been put in to give a better feel for the handling of the bike and to let the player know how effective their braking is.
Also, the ability of the player to customise their bikes is greatly increased. In Extreme mode the player can upgrade their bike with various performance modifications: carbon brakes, race exhausts, magnesium/carbon wheels etc. In Grand Prix mode, the customisation is limited to visual upgrades, though MotoGP'07 now allows players greater control over the appearance of their bike. Despite this, some players have complained that the visual modifications are still fairly restrictive - the main criticism is that the custom paintwork option still restricts the player to the same limited amount of customisation as the previous games, despite the fact that the overall visual modification option has been overhauled. This leaves the player unable to design or customise the paint on their bike to approximate the level of design detail achieved by other AI racers.. Whether this issue will be resolved in future patches is not known.
In addition to this the PC version of the game features a corrupt model of the Yamaha M1 with the rear cowling misformed visible on Rossi and Edwards' bikes. Also the crowds in grandstands no longer work with post 2010's graphics drivers on the PC and shimmer.
Ilmor.
The game features Ilmor GP to ride with but not against. In real life Ilmor rider Jeremy McWilliams crashed before the first Round of the season in Qatar resulting in him not being able to take part in the race. Andrew Pitt, the second Rider, raced alone, this also applies in the game. The player whilst in Career or Championship Mode will only race against Pitt and not McWilliams. However Pitt does not feature in any more races as Ilmor pulled out of the 2007 Championship.
However Jeremy McWilliams and Andrew Pitt are available to use as a playable rider in both Quick and Championship Races.
Release.
MotoGP '07 had a somewhat protracted release in the United Kingdom. While the Xbox release proceeded as planned, the PC version was delayed twice, originally delayed until the first week of September, and then delayed again until the eventual release date of September 28.
Riders.
Repsol Honda Team
Fiat Yamaha
Ducati Marlboro
Rizla Suzuki
Kawasaki Racing
Honda Gresini
Pramac d'Antin
Yamaha Tech 3
Team Roberts
Konica Minolta Honda
Honda LCR
Tracks.
GP

</doc>
<doc id="9823410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823410" title="Faith Lutheran Secondary School">
Faith Lutheran Secondary School

Faith Lutheran College is a co-educational independent secondary school of the Lutheran Church of Australia located on of land on the northeastern side of Tanunda. Faith Lutheran School is committed to providing a complete but distinctive education.
History.
Faith Lutheran School opened on 11 February 1985 with an enrolment of 27 students and three staff on the grounds of St John's Lutheran Church, Tanunda. Faith moved to its current campus in 1986 after the completion of its first nine classrooms. In 2012 the name was changed to Faith Lutheran College by Lutheran Schools Australia.
Facilities.
Faith Lutheran School's facilities include:
The Barossa Arts and Convention Centre includes the 1000 seat Brenton Langbein Theatre, the intimate 200 seat Eckermann Theatre, the Glassroom Exhibition Space, a boardroom and a dance studio. It is used by the school for a variety of things including dance drama classes, the school's performances, the school's musicals and is the school's chapel for reflection and times of worship. The Barossa Arts and Convention Centre utilizes some of the most skilled and professional theatre technicians in the world, trained by the head technician himself, Obi Ron Kenobi. 
The Faith Wine Education Centre which includes a small winery and is home to the school's wine label, Mengler View Wines.
Faith also offers beautifully landscaped grounds which include two sporting ovals and four courts.
It also has a focus on agriculture, farming, music and fund raising.
Leadership.
Faith has been led by these principals:
Mr Brian Eckermann 1985–2006
Mr Gavan Cramer(G-Dog) 2007–Current

</doc>
<doc id="9823416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823416" title="The Hombres">
The Hombres

The Hombres were a Memphis, Tennessee band, best known for the 1967 single "Let It Out (Let It All Hang Out)".
Formed in 1966, The Hombres comprised Jerry Lee Masters, (Leader and bass player), Gary Wayne McEwen on guitar, B. B. Cunningham, Jr. (died October 14, 2012; brother of Bill Cunningham of The Box Tops) on lead vocals and electric organ, and John Will Hunter (died February 1976) on drums. Written by Masters, Hunter, McEwen and Cunningham and released on Verve Forecast, "Let It Out (Let It All Hang Out)" hit No. 12 in 1967 and was revived on the soundtrack of the 2005 Cameron Crowe film, "Elizabethtown". On WLS The Box Tops' "The Letter" and The Hombres' "Let It Out" were 1-2 on 20–27 October 1967.
"Let It Out" has also been used in a U.S. advertising campaign for Foster's Lager and included on the compilation album "". An alternate version of the song by the disc jockey Barney Pip was included on the "Pebbles Volume 7" CD. The song was also covered by Jonathan King in 1969, and appeared on his 1989 compilation album, "The Butterfly That Stamped". Yet another version was recorded by The Nails in the mid 1980s. The song appears as a hidden track on John Mellencamp's 1989 album "Big Daddy".
The song's spoken intro – "I preach my dear friends, you are about to receive on John Barleycorn, nicotine and the temptations of Eve" – dates to the 1947 novelty recording "Cigareetes, Whuskey and Wild, Wild Women" by Red Ingle and His Natural Seven.
Death of John Will Hunter.
Hunter died of a self-inflicted gun wound in February 1976.
Death of B. B. Cunningham, Jr..
Cunningham was shot and killed on October 14, 2012, being employed as a security guard in Memphis, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="9823439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823439" title="Dairangers">
Dairangers

The are the protagonists of the 1993 Super Sentai series, "Gosei Sentai Dairanger". They are a group of humans who use Qi powers to fight the Gorma Tribe. After their final battle, the Dairangers separated, with the last scene of the series showing them fifty years in the future in which their grandchildren follow the Dairangers' legacy and fight against the last remnants of the Gorma Tribe.
Dairangers.
The Dairangers are humans who are practitioners of Chinese martial arts and possess high levels of Qi. The team announces their arrival at a battle scene by saying , followed by . As a group, the five core Dairangers execute the by gathering their Qi and firing it towards the enemy.
Ryo.
, the main protagonist of the series, the red warrior is the son of Zhang Liao and a human woman. Initially, he was not aware of his Dai heritage as his mother died prior to the series' beginning and he raised his younger sister, Yōko, by himself. He aspires to become the best gyoza cook in Japan and works in Yokohama Chinatown. Ryo became a Dairanger after he was captured by Baron String, only to be saved by Mythical Qi Beast Ryuseioh and taken to Master Kaku. Ryo deeply trusts his teammates. As , he specializes in the Dragon Fist style and utilizes the power of fire. 
Ryo is portrayed by .
Daigo.
, the green warrior is the gentlest and most serious member of the team. He works at a pet shop and becomes romantically involved with Kujaku. Daigo was recruited as a Dairanger after Kaku discovered his Qi connection with Kujaku. As , he specializes in the Hung Ga style and utilizes illusions in combat. His Mythical Qi Beast is Sei-Shishi.
Daigo is portrayed by .
Shoji.
, the blue warrior, dreamed of becoming a world boxing champion after reforming from his past as a member of a violent street gang. He has a strong sense of fair play and competitiveness, only applicable with Kazu. He is strong, balanced, playful and loving. Boss Kamikaze, of the Three Gorma Stooges, sees him as his greatest rival. As , he specializes in the Long Fist style with the power to manipulate the gravitational forces around him, thus increasing either his strength or speed. His Mythical Qi Beast is Sei-Tenma. 
Shoji is portrayed by .
Kazu.
, the yellow warrior, was a stylish beautician and dancer. He left home at the age of 15 and traveled to Tokyo. He had a tendency to go rushing into battle without thinking. He helped an old lady who sheltered him when he ran away from his home. As , he specializes in the Drunken Fist style and has the ability to freeze and reverse the flow of time to prevent mishaps. His Mythical Qi Beast is Sei-Qilin.
Kazu is portrayed by .
Rin.
, the pink warrior is Master Kaku's niece and came to Japan to be a Dairanger in the guise of an exchange student from China. She is the only member of the team capable of Qi control when not transformed. She hates living with Kou, as he tends to look up her skirt and touch her breasts, but later befriends him. She once fell in love with photographer Shōichiro Takamura, the alter ego of Gorma agent Media Magician. As , she specializes in the Eagle Fist style and utilizes the power of wind. Her Mythical Qi Beast is Sei-Houou. 
Rin is portrayed by .
Kou.
, the white warrior is a 10-year old boy who is the for drawing Byakkoshinken from his resting place, becoming the adult-like . He lived with his adoptive grandparents prior to moving into Lin's apartment. A somewhat perverted boy, he is infatuated with Lin and "playfully" harasses her much to Lin's chagrin. New to fighting, he is not particularly strong. 
Kou initially kept his identity a secret from the other Dairangers with Byakkoshinken speaking in his stead to appear more grown up. After the other Dairangers learned of his identity, he began to speak on his own and joined the team himself. Shadam eventually learned Kou was his son and Akomaru's twin brother, although Kou himself was never aware of this. As a result of this knowledge, Shadam tried to recruit Kou into the Gorma on his tenth birthday, but his mother's baptism purified him of his Gorma linage. As Kiba Ranger, Kou specializes in sound-based attacks and his Mythical Qi Beast is Won Tiger. 
Kou is portrayed by .
Allies.
Kaku.
Originally a member of Gorma, formed the Dairangers to oppose Gorma; his human alias is . But when Daijinryuu returned to Earth, Kaku returned to the Gorma in his metallic red Cyclops-like armor and fought Shadam for the right to the throne in order to become the 16th Gorma Emperor and end the fighting, using the Tower of You-Power and the Tower of Qi-Power as boosters. Once Gara and Zydos destroyed the towers, Kaku was defeated and mortally wounded in the battle against Shadam, and later died in the arms of the Dairangers. He later appeared in spirit to the Dairangers and told them that Gorma must be thwarted rather than be destroyed. 
Kaku is portrayed by .
Kujaku.
Kujaku is portrayed by .
Yufang.
Yufang is portrayed by .
Kou's mother.
Kou's mother is married to Shadam and is a member of the Dai Tribe. She possessed a strong Kiryoku. She placed a tiger tattoo on Kou at birth to suppress his Gorma-inherited powers and had him adopted after his birth to prevent the Gorma from tracking him down. Kou's mother was taken captive by an elderly Gorma and Akōmaru. She escaped when Shadam broke into her prison to discover the source of Akōmaru's information. She later used Byakoshinken to save a wounded Kou and purge the Gorma powers from him. She died in a cave collapse along with Akōmaru. 
Kou's mother is portrayed by .
Mythical Qi Beasts.
The are the ancient god-like animals born from the power of nature that could be controlled by those of the Dai Tribe. is used to call on the Mythical Qi Beasts (although in "Super Sentai World", Ryu Ranger was able to summon a fully combined Dairen'oh by himself) while holding their respective Lai-Lai Jewels and a Star Sword (Byakkoshinken in Kiba Ranger's case) to summon them.
Mythical Qi Beast Combinations.
Tenku Qi Den.
Ryuuseioh in Warrior mode can ride on it, and is capable of high-speed flight. Ryuuseioh can fly off it through the air and perform the attack. Tenku Qi Den goes on top of Heavy Armor Qi Palace.
Dairen'oh.
It is armed with the Dai Javelin, and the sword, with which it performs the attack. Another attack is the , "Maboroshi KiriGakure" (Illusion), DaiHouDen ("Great Discharge"). It resembles a classical Chinese heavily armored soldier from the Ming Dynasty.
Kibadaioh.
Wang Tiger can combine with the Tenku Qi Den to form . Wang Tiger forms the head, arms and body. Star-Shishi forms the back and shoulders. Star-Tenma forms the right leg. Star-Qilin forms the left leg and Star-Houou forms the weapon.
Some of its attacks include and the attack, which is performed by shooting Star Houou at the enemy like a missile. Kibadaioh is much stronger than Dairen'oh.
Juukou Qi Den.
It kills Gorma monsters with its attack, in which Ryuuseioh spins his staff like a propeller to raise the Heavy Armor Qi Palace into the air, which is then brought down on the enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="9823448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823448" title="Ghost Box Music">
Ghost Box Music

Ghost Box Music is an English independent record label, established in 2004 by Julian House and Jim Jupp.
Concept.
The concept for the label was hatched by House and Jupp (who attended the same school
) in 2003; a manifesto of influences was compiled, which included ""music for schools, cosmic horror stories, library music, English surrealism, and the dark side of psychedelia"". In 2004, the first The Focus Group and Belbury Poly releases became available on CD-R. House and Jupp have stated the purpose of the label was to create "not just a record label, but an imaginary world".
In an interview with Cyclic Defrost, Jim Jupp commented;
Aesthetic.
Ghost Box had a defined aesthetic from formation; Julian House commenting:
Releases on the label (currently encompassing The Focus Group, Eric Zann, Belbury Poly, Roj, Pye Corner Audio and The Advisory Circle, and a rerelease of a Mount Vernon Arts Lab album) tend to share a common design aesthetic - all record covers so far have been by Julian House, with an acknowledged debt to the iconic design of sixties Penguin Books paperbacks.
There are shared elements in sound, too; Ghost Box artists tend to draw heavily on influences such as musique concrète, library music, and 1970s soundtracks. Several critics have noticed a melancholic or nostalgic element to the Ghost Box sound as well, prompting comparison to the shorter, 'interlude' tracks of Boards of Canada, or similar folk or psychedelia-influenced electronic musicians.
Discography.
Seven Inch Singles
Download only label sampler album

</doc>
<doc id="9823451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823451" title="Shaghayegh Dehghan">
Shaghayegh Dehghan

Shaghayegh Dehghan (, born 1 February 1979 in Germany) is an Iranian actress. She is most famous for her appearances in television series made by Mehran Modiri.
Personal life.
She is married to Mehrab Ghasem Khani since 2003. Mehrab is an Iranian screenwriter. They have a son, "Navian" who was born in 2007. Her brother in law, Peyman Ghasem Khani is also a writer and his spouse, Bahareh Rahnama is an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="9823466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823466" title="Ace of Wands (Tarot card)">
Ace of Wands (Tarot card)

The Ace of Wands is a Tarot card of the Minor Arcana, arcana being Latin for mysteries. The cards of the minor arcana are considered to be lesser compared to the major arcana because they discuss the minor mysteries of life, less important archetypes. 
"Mystical Origins of the Tarot" Modern Tarot readers interpret the Ace of Wands as a symbol of optimism and invention.
Introduction.
Tarot's pictorial symbolism embodies intellectual, moral, and spiritual ‘lessons’ constituting collective human experiences across times, places and cultures. Tarot establishes this much sought after connection between ‘self’ and
‘other’ akin to the famous ‘I-Thou’ relation in Martin Buber’s metaphysics.
The ace card in a deck is considered the trump card. This card in a reading signifies success in all aspects. The success is backed by luck. This combination of success backed by hard work and luck is what forms the basis of the Ace card in the Tarot deck. 
The element of the wands suit is fire. The key words are Passion, New Ventures, Success, good luck. Therefore wands are enthusiastic, inspirational, and spiritually minded. Wands correspond to the zodiacal signs Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius.
The four suits, related to the modern hearts, clubs, diamonds, and spades, are swords, cups, rings, and wands.
An Ace-Ace pair shows that a new spirit is entering your life. It draws on the energy of the Ace of Wands: creativity, excitement, adventure, courage, personal power.
History.
The Minor Arcana consists of the suit cards. The leading French occultist of the late 19th and 20th centuries, who wrote under the name of Papus, rebuked certain of his colleagues for using only the major Arcana for divination, and insisted that the entire pack is essential; and all occult theories of those whom Papus rebuked were in better accord than he with the true facts of the matter. The suit cards are in no way special to the tarot pack; its inventor can have imbued it at most the trump card with esoteric meanings, since the others were not of his invention, but only rather faithful copies of the Islamic cards from which European ones were derived.
Ace of Wands Dictionary.
Arrien-"The Torch of Fire". A deep spiritual desire and opportunity for self-discovery and self-realization that the individual has to draw upon for a year's time.
Cowie-"New Idea". Having a new thought.
Crowley-"The Root of the Powers of Fire". The essence of the element of Fire in its inception. The primordial Energy of the Divine manifesting in Matter at so early a stage that it is not yet definitely formulated as Will.
Eakins-"Force". Transformative high energy. Great energy of new beginnings. A newly discovered source of power. Excitement. Exhilaration.
Fairfield-"A New Identity". Planting the seeds for a new, public identity. Beginning to create a new name for yourself or taking on a new role in life.
Greer-Inspired consciousness. Consciousness Raising. Desire for self-growth. New idea. Burst of energy. The first impulse and the passionate will to begin.
Noble-The beginning of fire-spirit, intuition, energy. A rebirth of the spirit. The passions are aroused and creativity is assured. Expansive activity and willpower for whatever your goal to dictate.
Pollack-A gift of strength, power, great sexual energy, and the love of living. Or chaos and things falling apart.
Sharman-Burke-Positive new beginnings and ideas in the element of fire. Creativity, energy and initiative. Can symbolize a new business venture, a new undertaking, new foundation, and creative power with plenty of potential and ambition to progress and succeed.
Stewart-"Fire/Light". In one sense the burning flame, while in a higher octave universal light, the energy of being. A balancing, affirmed power, an energy increasing in potency. The god of light in harmony and balance with the dragon power.
Waite-Creation, invention, enterprise, the powers which result in these; principle, beginning, source; birth, family, origin, and in a sense of virility which is behind them, The starting point of enterprises; money, fortune, inheritance.
Walker-"Power". Power and the masculine element of fire with its connotations of heat, vigor, aspiration, contest, enlightenment, and avidity to consume.
Wanless-"Illumination". Purity, clarity, and honesty. State of enlightenment. Understanding. Having the courage to change and expand. Knowing what gives you energy and vitality.
Riley-"Evokes the Force". Unseen self-organizing. The Spirit rising up from within. The drawing of desire, passion, enthusiasm, creativity. Indicates some form of "I desire".
Card Description/Mythological Image.
There are different versions of the Ace of Wands as well as different interpretations of their meaning.
One is that a hand comes out from a cloud holding a flowering wand. In the distance is a mountain peak surmounted by a castle.
Another says that the image found on the Ace of Wands card is the rod with which Moses used to strike the water out of the rock or the club of Hercules.
How the Ace of Wands relates to Life.
Work: If you are looking for a new position when the Ace of wands appears, know that something new and very positive is likely to be headed your way soon. Be bold and ask for what you want/need in the work/career arena. You are likely to be more successful than you'd dream possible.
Love: If you are single, this can indicate the beginning of a new love relationship heading your way. Make yourself available for love in whatever way makes sense to you. If you are already committed, the ace tells you that the relationship is about to undergo a ‘new beginning,' and you will rise to new levels of understanding each other. Express yourself.
Finances: The appearance of this card is usually the sign of a turn for the better in terms of fortune and wealth, and sometimes it can even indicate gifts of money, or inheritance from unexpected sources (but it certainly doesn't mean that someone has to pass over for you to receive this inheritance.) This gift does not have to be money of course; any kind of gift that has value to both the giver and the receiver can be indicated by the Ace.
Health: You will soon reach new, positive levels of health and vitality. This is an excellent time to begin a new health regime. Start where you are. If this means exercising for two minutes, or eating vegetables at one meal a week, then that's what you should do. The payoff for doing so will be huge. Don't delay.
Spirituality: Remember that your mind and body are more closely linked than you tend to consider. One affects the other, without fail. This card can indicate a new spiritual influence coming into your life. Think about your spiritual role models. If you don't have one, read philosophy.
Upright: Fiery and creativity, the Ace of Wands speaks of energy and ambition. When you see this tarot card meaning, it is reminding you that it is a time where action is more important than words.
Ideas are not enough. It takes hard work and perseverance to take something from a thought to reality.
With this tarot card, heady optimism mixed with ambition can make any dream come true.
Reversed: At this time, the urge to change and develop is present but circumstances are delaying progress. If you're an impatient person by nature, this is one of the tarot card meanings that might make you squirm!
When the Ace of Wands is reversed blocks and delays may lead to impatience in creative and intuitive matters.
Sexual and emotion relationships can also be subject to misunderstandings and dysfunction. It's important to remember that this is just a temporary influence but to also patiently examine your role in what is occurring.
Set your frustrations aside and start to talk with the intention to make lasting changes.
Key symbols to the ace of wands Tarot card meanings.
Clouds: Symbol meaning of clouds deal with ambiguity, mystery, and things hidden. Most renditions of this card depict a hand holding a flaming torch thrust out suddenly from the clouds. This is symbolic of our ideas or energy coming out of the hidden places of our psyche and into the light of day. Clouds often deal with hidden agendas that might be keeping us in a holding pattern. They may also indicate underlying beliefs that hold us back from our being our brightest selves. 
Rivers: River symbol meanings deal with motion, direction, and the flow of our thoughts as well as our lives. When the river in the ace of wands Tarot card flows into our psychic vision it is a message that we must consider the direction we are taking in our lives. Specifically, since the ace of wands deals with passion and energy, we may want to consider where our actions are taking us. Take the time to reassess your goals and be confident you are heading in the life direction you desire. 
Mountains: Symbol meanings of mountains deal with challenges, acquisition, accomplishment and aspirations. Mountains are a symbolic allegory for us in that as we climb them, each step brings us closer to our highest point. This highest point, the top of the mountain, can be a spiritual goal, physical goal, or anything else that we aspire to reach. The mountain is unbending, and inflexible. This makes it a reminder that only we can change how we deal with challenges (because the mountain certainly isn't going to change for us). This being the case, we can embrace the lessons we gain as we take on the challenge of the mountain. We can also rest assured that the peak will always be there as we aspire ever higher to our desired results.
Extras.
In some cases, tarot can also be made into art. London's Spill Festival which was from April 18 to 24, 2011, included an installment in which several artists were commissioned to re-imagine the tarot card. It ended up becoming a large-format photographic display of the full deck of cards, leaving visitors to read their fortunes.
In the book "Sepulchre" by Kate Mosse, she has readers return to the Languedoc of 1891 where the legend of a Visigoth tomb, a demon and a tarot pack that led visitors into the mystical past.
If the card is drawn reversed it can mean: fall, decadence, ruin, perdition, to perish also a certain clouded joy.
Key Meanings.
The key meanings of the Ace of Wands:
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 
Huson, Paul, (2004) Mystical Origins of the Tarot: From Ancient Roots to Modern Usage, Vermont: Destiny Books, ISBN 0-89281-190-0 Mystical Origins of the Tarot
Further reading.
Banzhaf, Hajo. The Tarot Handbook. Stamford, CT: U.S. Games Systems, 1993. Print.
Decker, Ronald, Thierry Depaulis, and Michael A. E. Dummett. A Wicked Pack of Cards: the Origins of the Occult Tarot. New York: St. Martin's, 1996. Print.
Gray, Eden. The Tarot Revealed: a Modern Guide to Reading the Tarot Cards. New York: Bell Pub., 1960. Print.
Ivtzan, Itai. "Tarot Cards: A Literature Review and Evaluation of Psychic versus Psychological Explanations." Journal of Parapsychology (2007): 139-40. Print.
Mundow, Anna. "Anna Mundow Reviews 'The Winter Ghosts' by 'Labyrinth' Author Kate Mosse." Washington Post: 0-1. Print
Shepard, Leslie. Encyclopedia of Occultism and Parapsychology: a Compendium of Information on the Occult Sciences, Magic, Demonology, ... with Biographical and Bibliographical Notes and Comprehensive Indexes. Detroit, MI: Gale, 1991. Print.
Semetsky, Inna. "Transforming Ourselves/transforming Curriculum: Spiritual Education and Tarot Symbolism." International Journal of Children's Spirituality 14.2 (2009): 105-20. Print.
Riley, Jana. Tarot Dictionary and Compendium. York Beach, Me.: Samuel Weiser, 1995. Print.

</doc>
<doc id="9823503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823503" title="Rainbow (Girl Guides)">
Rainbow (Girl Guides)

A Rainbow Guide is a member of a section of some Guiding organisations who is between the ages of 5 and 7 in England, Scotland or Wales. In Northern Ireland the age range is between 4 and 7 years old. Exact age limits are slightly different in each organisation. It is the female-centred equivalent of the Beaver Scouts.
In the United States, the equivalent is a Daisy Girl Scout; in Canada, the equivalent is a Spark.
Uniform.
The current uniform consists of a blue and red T-shirt with the Rainbow emblem on it. There are many uniform choices such as tracksuit bottoms, skirt and cycling shorts, which the girls are encouraged to pick themselves. All items come in the Rainbow colours of light blue and red.
Tabards used to be and can still be worn, as part of the uniform. They are now however not as popular as they once were. The uniform, which is currently worn, came in 2004. Only colours of tabards available to buy now are Purple and Red.
Colours of Tabards were: Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Purple. Units could choose which colour they wanted, but it made sense to all wear the same.
In the UK, Rainbows started in 1987 with Lynsey Hickling being the first in the UK.
The Promise.
The Rainbow promise is a shortened version of that of the Brownie and Girl Guides, to accommodate their young age. The promise is:
<poem>
"I promise that I will do my best, to think about my beliefs and to be kind and helpful"
</poem>
The Jigsaw.
Rainbows meet approximately once a week during termtime, with some appropriate day trips. They will normally complete two Roundabouts during their time at Rainbows, composed of Laugh, Learn, Look, and Love sections.
The Song.
There is a simple song with hand gestures to accompany the jigsaw feature. There are four versions of the song, each version has a different final three lines, but the tune is the same and the first verse remains unchanged. The four versions are for:
This version is for the beginning of a meeting:
<poem>
"Look at the world around you,
Learn everything you can,
Laugh as you go along,
Love this world of ours.
Look, learn, laugh, love
Rainbows has begun,
We're all here now,
Come and join the fun."
</poem>
At the end of a meeting the last three lines are replaced with:
<poem>
"We've had lots of fun,
Bye bye Rainbows,
Goodnight everyone."
</poem>
At a Promise Party the last three lines are replaced with:
<poem>
"Promise time has come,
I will love my God
and help everyone."
</poem>
This version reflects aspects of the promise itself and it helpful in reminding Rainbows of their duty.
The final version at a Pot of Gold Party is often sung for the rest of the unit by only those who are leaving for Brownies and this versions final three lines are:
<poem>
"Now the jigsaw is done,
New adventures,
Brownies here I/we come!"
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="9823510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823510" title="BRM P351">
BRM P351

The BRM P351 was originally a Group C sports-prototype built for the 1992 World Sportscar Championship season in an attempt to resurrect the British Racing Motors marque. The car later reappeared in a heavily modified form in 1997 as a Le Mans Prototype known as the BRM P301 before retiring completely in 1998. Only one chassis was ever built.
The project was also connected to the failed BRM P401 sports car which would have shared some elements of the P351 race car.
P351.
Development.
In 1990, an agreement was reached between entrepreneur John Mangoletsi and the family of British Racing Motors (BRM) founder Alfred Owen, who had retained the naming rights to the company even after it had ceased to exist. The use of the BRM name would help Mangoletsi's project gain sponsorship and funding by appearing as a manufacturer entry against the likes of Toyota, Peugeot, and Mazda in the World Sportscar Championship.
With the backing of BRM, Mangoletsi turned to former Zakspeed chief engineer Paul Brown to design the car. Brown produced a conventional carbon composite monocoque Group C chassis, which although technically unremarkable yet was well regarded by those who drove it for its excellent handling. The composite chassis of the car was constructed for the team by the engineering firm Courtaulds and finished in a metallic british racing green with BRM's traditional orange nose. For an engine, Mangoletsi had hoped to design a BRM unit in-house, but lacking the funds for such an ambitious project and unwilling to purchase a 'customer' unit, he resurrected a Weslake 3.0L V12. Although the engine, now branded as a 'BRM', was modernized and expanded to 3.5 liters with a target output at 12500 rpm, it proved to be uncompetitive and unreliable.
A second chassis was planned to be completed in order to start the 1992 season, but was never built.
Racing history.
The BRM P351 debuted at the 1992 500km of Silverstone, the second round of the World Sportscar Championship. The drivers assigned were Wayne Taylor and Harri Toivonen. After problems in qualifying with a battery, the car was forced to take the last qualifying position. Unfortunately, the car suffered more problems on Sunday when during pre-race warm-up, the oil pump failed and the car never took the race start.
The team moved next to the 24 Hours of Le Mans, where Richard Jones was added to the driver line-up. On both days of qualifying the car suffered transmission difficulties, with Wayne Taylor being the only driver to set a time. This was however good enough for 23rd place in the field of 29. However yet again problems struck early for the P351. Although the car did make the start, it suffered transmission failure after a mere twenty laps, the first car out of the race.
In an attempt to find sponsorship elsewhere, the team transferred the P351 to the United States to participate in an IMSA Camel GT round at Watkins Glen International. Although the team believed that the chassis met all of the IMSA regulations, it was discovered at the first scrutineering session that the car was in violation of the series' maximum height restriction due to the tall roof mounted air intake. At the suggestion of designer Paul Brown, the intake was promptly removed with a Sawzall, split down the middle and remounted with the two halves of the intake on their sides, forming a new intake with the same cross-section and lowering the car enough to meet the regulations. Unfortunately the car still suffered from its poor reliability record, succumbing to electrical failure after a mere five laps.
After these three failed race attempts, money for the project was beginning to run out as sponsorship was not forthcoming. The team returned the P351 to Europe and entered the next World Sportscar Championship round at Donington Park, but never appeared. After this, the team pulled out of the World Sportscar Championship for good, and the team folded.
P301.
Development.
In 1996 the stored P351 chassis was bought by Keith Wiggins, founder of Pacific Racing. Following Pacific's failed attempts at Formula One and Formula 3000, Wiggins decided to enter the team in sports car racing, planning on the new International Sportscar Racing Series that would debut in 1997.
In order to conform to new sports prototype rules which had been developed since the demise of Group C in 1994, the car was heavily modified from its original form with the help of Pilbeam Racing Designs. First and foremost the car's roof was removed in order to create true two-seater open cockpit design. This required the installation of a rollbar in order to not only allow for driver safety, but also make up for the loss of chassis rigidity. The car's Weslake V12 was also no longer legal, requiring Pacific to turn to a twin-turbocharged Nissan 3.0L V6 used in IMSA. The unit required the addition of two inlets to the upper bodywork to serve as intakes for the turbochargers. The car was completed and began testing at Snetterton in the hands of driver William Hewland.
Although the car was not connected with British Racing Motors anymore, the car would retain the BRM name as that is the company considered to have constructed the original chassis. Pacific could have renamed the chassis after its extensive modifications but decided instead to keep the BRM name alive.
Racing history.
The car made its competition debuted at the opening ISRS round at Donington Park, being driven by Franz Konrad, Richard Dean, and Wido Rössler. The car successfully qualified 6th place out of the nine entries, but like the P351, failed to start the race due to electrical problems. With this setback, the team decided to concentrate solely on the 24 Hours of Le Mans and not participate in any more ISRS races. The driver lineup was completely changed from those who had driven the car at Donington, now including Eliseo Salazar, Jésus Pareja, and former P351 driver Harri Toivonen. The P301 set the 34th fastest time out of 48 entries, although it actually placed 19th on the grid. Unfortunately like BRM's Le Mans race in 1992, the P301 would suffer engine problems and drop out after 6 laps, again the first car out of the race.
After a dismal debut in 1997, the P301 would return in 1998, entering the third ISRS round at Misano with yet another new driver line-up of Tim Sugden and Grant Orbell. The car successfully qualified 9th out of the 24 entries, its best qualifying effort ever. This would however be the most success the car would ever have, as it yet again failed to finish after a mere 4 laps. This would be followed by the next round, returning again to Donington, where the car would fail to even take the green flag, and becoming the final race ever for the P301 chassis. The BRM 301 would thus end its career in the same way as the P351 had begun.
Money for the project would run out and eventually Pacific Racing itself would close, ending the run of the BRM.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9823557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823557" title="Satabdi Roy">
Satabdi Roy

Satabdi Roy (; born 5 October 1968) is an Indian actress and politician from West Bengal. She is acting since 1986 in Bengali film industry and serving as a Member of Parliament since 2009.
Early life.
She was born on 5 October 1968, in Agarpara, to Shailen and Nilima Roy. Satabdi Roy passed her Madhyamik from Sorojini High School in 1985 and later attended Jogamaya Devi College, a women's college affiliated to the University of Calcutta.
Career.
Film career.
She is an actress, director and teacher of acting in the Bengali language film industry as well as an author of poetry in Bengali.
Roy made her film debut in the film called "Atanka", directed by Tapan Sinha, which was released in 1986. (Earlier she had worked in a film called "Tina" directed by Dinen Gupta, but it was never released.) More recently she acted in "", released in 2011.
Politics.
She became the Member of Parliament, having won in the Loksabha election on a Trinamool Congress ticket from the Birbhum constituency of West Bengal in 2009.
She again won from the same constituency on a Trinamool Congress ticket in 2014.
Personal life.
When not working on a shoot, Roy would teach acting at the Satabdi Foundation or spend time with her son Samyoraj Banerjee(Tozo), daughter Zumi and husband Mrigank Banerjee, a professor at Jadavpur University.
Awards.
Roy won the Bengali Film Journalists' Award for best supporting actress for the film "Debipaksha" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9823661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823661" title="Jalan Kuang">
Jalan Kuang

Jalan Kuang (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9823669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823669" title="Cusco (disambiguation)">
Cusco (disambiguation)

Cusco (also often spelled Cuzco) is the Inca capital in modern Peru and the most populous city in the Andes.
Cusco may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9823714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823714" title="Frederick Coffin">
Frederick Coffin

Frederick D. Coffin (January 16, 1943 – July 31, 2003) was an American film actor.
Early life.
Coffin was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1943 to actress Winifred Deforest Coffin and writer Dean Coffin, and was one of five children. He was educated at Western Reserve Academy in Hudson, Ohio, where he was both a student and athlete. He began to study theater at WRA and graduated in 1961, with a B.A. in theater. He enrolled the University of Michigan in 1962, where he had hoped to play football, but instead decided to focus on acting. He graduated the University of Michigan with a masters in theater.
Career.
Coffin began acting in theater. He made his screen debut in 1973 when he appeared in the television film "Much Ado About Nothing", an adaptation of the play, in which he also starred. He appeared in his first feature film in 1976 in the drama "Dragonfly", with Beau Bridges and Susan Sarandon. His second feature was the Golden Globe nominated "King of the Gypsies", with Shelley Winters. In 1980, Coffin had a leading role in the cult horror classic "Mother's Day", his role as the sadistic "Ike" is one he is best known for. Coffin credited himself as Holden McGuire for "Mother's Day". During the 1980s, Coffin appeared in several films: the horror film "Alone in the Dark", which starred Donald Pleasence, "Without a Trace", "Nothing Lasts Forever", the biography film "Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling" with Richard Pryor, the action comedy "A Fine Mess" with Ted Danson, and "The Bedroom Window". In the 1990s, Coffin continued to appear in films, one of which he is known for is the comedy film "Wayne's World", with Mike Myers and Dana Carvey, and the Steven Seagal film "Hard to Kill". He would appear in two final films before his death in 2003: "View from the Top" with Gwyneth Paltrow, and "Identity" with John Cusack.
Although, it was in fact television that Coffin appeared in mostly throughout his career, his first appearance in a television series was in "Great Performances", which starred actors such as Walter Cronkite, who presented the series, Julie Andrews and Liza Minnelli. He also made guest appearances in many well known series including "Kojak", "Hill Street Blues", "Moonlighting", "The Twilight Zone", "Remington Steele", "Dallas", in which he appeared for six episodes, "L.A. Law", "The X-Files", "Walker, Texas Ranger", "Murder, She Wrote", "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman", and the soap operas "Ryan's Hope" and "Days of our Lives". Coffin has also starred in many television films including "Under Siege", the 1989 miniseries "Lonesome Dove" and the 1995 film adaptation of "A Streetcar Named Desire". He was originally cast as the voice of the father in the series "Family Dog", he was later replaced by actor Martin Mull.
In 1997, he returned to his alma mater as that year's Knight Fellow, one of Western Reserve Academy's most distinguished honors.
Personal life and death.
Coffin was married to actress Barbara Monte-Britton from September 25, 1977 to his death on July 31, 2003 from lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9823717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823717" title="Construction of t-norms">
Construction of t-norms

In mathematics, t-norms are a special kind of binary operations on the real unit interval [0, 1]. Various constructions of t-norms, either by explicit definition or by transformation from previously known functions, provide a plenitude of examples and classes of t-norms. This is important, e.g., for finding counter-examples or supplying t-norms with particular properties for use in engineering applications of fuzzy logic. The main ways of construction of t-norms include using "generators", defining "parametric classes" of t-norms, "rotations", or "ordinal sums" of t-norms.
Relevant background can be found in the article on t-norms.
Generators of t-norms.
The method of constructing t-norms by generators consists in using a unary function ("generator") to transform some known binary function (most often, addition or multiplication) into a t-norm.
In order to allow using non-bijective generators, which do not have the inverse function, the following notion of "pseudo-inverse function" is employed:
Additive generators.
The construction of t-norms by additive generators is based on the following theorem:
If a t-norm "T" results from the latter construction by a function "f" which is right-continuous in 0, then "f" is called an "additive generator" of "T".
Examples:
Basic properties of additive generators are summarized by the following theorem:
Multiplicative generators.
The isomorphism between addition on and multiplication on [0, 1 by the logarithm and the exponential function allow two-way transformations between additive and multiplicative generators of a t-norm. If "f" is an additive generator of a t-norm "T", then the function "h": → [0, 1 defined as "h"("x") = e−"f" ("x") is a "multiplicative generator" of "T", that is, a function "h" such that
Vice versa, if "h" is a multiplicative generator of "T", then "f": → [0, +∞ defined by "f"("x") = −log("h"(x)) is an additive generator of "T".
Parametric classes of t-norms.
Many families of related t-norms can be defined by an explicit formula depending on a parameter "p". This section lists the best known parameterized families of t-norms. The following definitions will be used in the list:
Schweizer–Sklar t-norms.
The family of "Schweizer–Sklar t-norms", introduced by Berthold Schweizer and Abe Sklar in the early 1960s, is given by the parametric definition
The family is strictly decreasing for "p" ≥ 0 and continuous with respect to "p" in [−∞, +∞]. An additive generator for formula_4 for −∞ < "p" < +∞ is
Hamacher t-norms.
The family of "Hamacher t-norms", introduced by Horst Hamacher in the late 1970s, is given by the following parametric definition for 0 ≤ "p" ≤ +∞:
The t-norm formula_7 is called the "Hamacher product."
Hamacher t-norms are the only t-norms which are rational functions.
The Hamacher t-norm formula_8 is strict if and only if "p" < +∞ (for "p" = 1 it is the product t-norm). The family is strictly decreasing and continuous with respect to "p". An additive generator of formula_8 for "p" < +∞ is
Frank t-norms.
The family of "Frank t-norms", introduced by M.J. Frank in the late 1970s, is given by the parametric definition for 0 ≤ "p" ≤ +∞ as follows:
The Frank t-norm formula_12 is strict if "p" < +∞. The family is strictly decreasing and continuous with respect to "p". An additive generator for formula_12 is
Yager t-norms.
The family of "Yager t-norms", introduced in the early 1980s by Ronald R. Yager, is given for 0 ≤ "p" ≤ +∞ by
Aczél–Alsina t-norms.
The family of "Aczél–Alsina t-norms", introduced in the early 1980s by János Aczél and Claudi Alsina, is given for 0 ≤ "p" ≤ +∞ by
Dombi t-norms.
The family of "Dombi t-norms", introduced by József Dombi (1982), is given for 0 ≤ "p" ≤ +∞ by
The Dombi t-norm formula_24 is strict if and only if 0 < "p" < +∞ (for "p" = 1 it is the Hamacher product). The family is strictly increasing and continuous with respect to "p". The Dombi t-norm formula_24 for 0 < "p" < +∞ arises from the Hamacher product t-norm by raising its additive generator to the power of "p". An additive generator of formula_24 for 0 < "p" < +∞ is
Sugeno–Weber t-norms.
The family of "Sugeno–Weber t-norms" was introduced in the early 1980s by Siegfried Weber; the dual t-conorms were defined already in the early 1970s by Michio Sugeno. It is given for −1 ≤ "p" ≤ +∞ by
Ordinal sums.
The ordinal sum constructs a t-norm from a family of t-norms, by shrinking them into disjoint subintervals of the interval [0, 1] and completing the t-norm by using the minimum on the rest of the unit square. It is based on the following theorem:
The resulting t-norm is called the "ordinal sum" of the summands ("T"i, "a"i, "b"i) for "i" in "I", denoted by
or formula_33 if "I" is finite.
Ordinal sums of t-norms enjoy the following properties:
If formula_34 is a left-continuous t-norm, then its residuum "R" is given as follows:
where "R"i is the residuum of "T"i, for each "i" in "I".
Ordinal sums of continuous t-norms.
The ordinal sum of a family of continuous t-norms is a continuous t-norm. By the Mostert–Shields theorem, every continuous t-norm is expressible as the ordinal sum of Archimedean continuous t-norms. Since the latter are either nilpotent (and then isomorphic to the Łukasiewicz t-norm) or strict (then isomorphic to the product t-norm), each continuous t-norm is isomorphic to the ordinal sum of Łukasiewicz and product t-norms.
Important examples of ordinal sums of continuous t-norms are the following ones:
Rotations.
The construction of t-norms by rotation was introduced by Sándor Jenei (2000). It is based on the following theorem:
Geometrically, the construction can be described as first shrinking the t-norm "T" to the interval [0.5, 1] and then rotating it by the angle 2π/3 in both directions around the line connecting the points (0, 0, 1) and (1, 1, 0).
The theorem can be generalized by taking for "N" any "strong negation", that is, an involutive strictly decreasing continuous function on [0, 1], and for "t" taking the unique fixed point of "N".
The resulting t-norm enjoys the following "rotation invariance" property with respect to "N":
The negation induced by "T"rot is the function "N", that is, "N"("x") = "R"rot("x", 0) for all "x", where "R"rot is the residuum of "T"rot.

</doc>
<doc id="9823723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823723" title="John Morrow (New Mexico)">
John Morrow (New Mexico)

John Morrow (April 19, 1865 - February 25, 1935) was a United States Representative from New Mexico. He was born near Darlington, Wisconsin. He attended the public schools and the normal university. Later, he taught school in Wisconsin, Iowa, Nebraska, and New Mexico. He was the superintendent of public schools of Colfax County, New Mexico 1892-1896. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1895 and commenced practice in Raton, New Mexico.
Morrow was a member of the New Mexico Territorial House of Representatives in 1897 and 1898 and the city attorney of Raton in 1900 and 1901. He was president of the board of education 1903-1923. In addition, he was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1908 and a regent of New Mexico Highlands University in Las Vegas, New Mexico (the former state normal institution) from 1921-1922. He was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-eighth, Sixty-ninth, and Seventieth Congresses (March 4, 1923-March 3, 1929) and was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1928 to the Seventy-first Congress. After leaving Congress, he engaged in banking, had extensive ranch and livestock holdings, and was a large owner of real estate in Raton. He died in Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1935 and was buried at the Fairmont Cemetery, Raton, New Mexico. His gravestone reads "One more Game Lost". 

</doc>
<doc id="9823742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823742" title="Kuntz">
Kuntz

Kuntz is a German surname. The name originated as a short form of Konrad meaning "bold adviser". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9823767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823767" title="Norodom Yuvaneath">
Norodom Yuvaneath

Prince Norodom Yuvaneath (b. October 17, 1943 in Phnom Penh) is the first son of the late king of Cambodia, Norodom Sihanouk and Princess Sisowath Pongsanmoni. He is the half-brother of the current king, Norodom Sihamoni.
Personal life.
In 1957, under the direction of his socialist-leaning father, who was at the time the current King's son, Prince and the de facto leader of Cambodia, the "Ankar Khamarak Kayarith" was transformed into the "Royal Socialist Khmer Youth", with Sihanouk himself serving as president of this state-run organization, now controlled by the Royal government. The 2,000 members and the leaders of Cambodian Scouting were permitted by the government to carry on activities. Scouts and Scout leaders attended the World Jamboree in 1959 in the Philippines, among them Prince Norodom Yuvaneath. Soon after, Sihanouk announced the dissolution of the Cambodian Boy Scout Association, whose members were subsequently integrated into the JSRK, a government sponsored national socialist youth movement.
Norodom Yuvaneath married his first wife, Prep Mau in 1959 and had two children: 
Norodom Yuvaneath married his second wife, Yin Kim in June 1962. In 1970 after the coup by General Lon Nol, Yuvaneath's family fled to Beijing where they lived until 1980 when Yuvaneath moved his family to Connecticut in the United States. Yuvaneath has four children: 
Norodom Yuvaneath was educated at the prestigious Lycée Sisowath. In addition to his native Khmer, the prince also speaks French and English.
Government.
In 1993, after the Vietnamese left Cambodia, King Norodom Sihanouk returned to Cambodia and, on December 31 of that year, elevated Prince Yuvaneath to the rank of "Sdech Krom Luon", appointing him Privy Counsellor to His Majesty the King, a rank equal to that of Deputy Prime Minister. After King Sihanouk abdicated, the new king Sihamoni, Yuvaneath's younger spear brother, appointed Yuvaneath the Supreme Royal Advisor. In this capacity, Yuvaneath proclaimed his opposition to the tribunal of former Khmer Rouge leaders, believing that the 1975-1979 turmoil resulting in the massacre of over 2 million Cambodians was a result of foreign intervention by the Vietnamese and Thai governments. Yuvaneath also stated his belief that a trial would be contrary to the interests of national reconciliation. Despite Yuvaneath's opposition to the tribunal, neither the king nor Sihanouk has made a public statement about trials. Yuvaneath is also a Commander of the Royal Order of Monisaraphon.

</doc>
<doc id="9823803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823803" title="Do You Trust Your Friends?">
Do You Trust Your Friends?

Do You Trust Your Friends? is the first remix album released by Stars consisting of covers and remixes from Stars' 2004 album "Set Yourself on Fire." It was released in 2007 on the Arts & Crafts label in North America to average reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="9823818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823818" title="Marine Plaza Miyajima">
Marine Plaza Miyajima

Overview.
There are about 350 variety of aquatic animals include Finless Porpoises, Sea Otters, Steller Sea Lions, Sea Lions and Penguins.

</doc>
<doc id="9823829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823829" title="Stephen Heard Darden">
Stephen Heard Darden

Stephen Heard Darden (November 19, 1816 – May 16, 1902) was a prominent Texas politician who served in the Texas Senate and then as an officer in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. He was elected to represent the First Congressional District of Texas in the Second Confederate Congress from 1864 to 1865.
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Darden received a commission as a first lieutenant in Company A of the 4th Texas Infantry in what became widely known as the Texas Brigade. He was promoted to the rank of captain before resigning to the join the Second Confederate Congress.
Darden was elected as a Democrat to be Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts from 1874 to 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="9823848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823848" title="The Hiss">
The Hiss

The Hiss was a five piece rock band from Atlanta, Georgia.
Career.
Adrian Barrera and Todd Galpin set their sights on Georgia after a lackluster music career in their homestate of Florida. They soon met up with Ian Franco, Milton Chapman and Johnny Kral and formed The Hiss. In March 2003 their self produced single "Triumph" entered the UK Singles Chart. They have toured the U.S. and Europe with Jet, Oasis and The White Stripes. Their sound is comparable to The Stooges, The Velvet Underground and The Rolling Stones. They have released two full-length studio albums and one of their songs featured in "Tony Hawk's Underground 2". Some enhanced copies of the album have two music videos on them. They are heavily influenced by surrealism and because of this, might be considered art rock. They released a new LP "Chocolate Hearts", all songs written in Atlanta after their recording studio in Florida's Key West area was evacuated because of hurricanes. The band split up in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9823850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823850" title="Ceramic houses">
Ceramic houses

Ceramic houses are buildings made of an earth mixture which is high in clay, and fired to become ceramic. The process of building and firing such houses was developed by Iranian architect, Nader Khalili, in the late 1970s. he named it Geltaftan; "Gel", means "clay", and "taftan", means "firing, baking, and weaving clay" in Persian. Khalili's research into creating ceramic houses was strongly based on the idea that permanent, water-resistant, and earthquake-resistant houses could be built with the implementation of the four elements: earth and water to build the forms, and fire and air to finish them. His impassioned work led to a few small scale projects in Iran, including the Javadabad Elementary school, and the Ghaled Mofid restoration project. Aside from Khalili's own documented work, there seems to be little widespread research on ceramic houses.
History of the Geltaftan method.
After having a successful architectural practice in Iran and USA, Nader Khalili's interests turned to rural desert Iran exploring appropriate technology for poor people. While there, Khalili observed how the oldest buildings around were the village kilns, and that their durability came from the fact that the adobe bricks they were made from had been fired in the pottery making process, and therefore hardened. It took years of bureaucratic entanglement, a massive earthquake, and a revolution to get his ideas implemented. In 1978, Khalili with a kiln specialist, rehabilitated twelve houses in the village of Ghaled Mofid in a rural area outside Tehran, Iran. By firing and glazing the homes they became more permanent and safe places for the villagers to live. In 1981, Khalili completed a ten-classroom school of ceramic earth architecture in Javadabad, Iran. 
In 1984 Khalili, who had moved to California by that time, proposed to NASA that ceramic houses be built on the moon. Experiments were conducted by Khalili at McDonnell Douglas Space Systems laboratories to show how harnessing the sun could melt and fuse lunar soil into shapes and forms for building applications. A full scale model of the proposed colony was intended to be built in the desert outside of Hesperia, CA, where Khalili established his training school: the Cal-Earth Institute. The research received mixed reactions. Khalili was known as "quite a visionary" and thought of as "before his time" by, among others, the mayor of Hesperia, Jim Lindley. Only a few prototypes were built. In 1986 the Geltaftan Foundation was established by Khalili in California for further research into earth architecture. Each of his projects achieved moderate publicity, but Khalili's geltaftan technology has seen little use since the 1980s. This is in part because of the pollution involved in oil firing. The Geltaftan Foundation, and Cal-Earth has since carried on experiments with ceramic housing, but Nader Khalili is most noted today for his work developing Super Adobe: an earth building technique using earth-filled bags as structural elements.
Building and firing ceramic houses.
The earth used for building ceramic houses is essentially a type of adobe with a higher clay content and less impurities. The earth and water are mixed until the substance has "the consistency of bread dough" The clay/earth mixture is worked into forms, and the blocks dry over a period of one to two weeks. A mortar is made with a "flux" (glass, soda, or colmanite) to help fuse it.
The adobe blocks are laid so that the joints are staggered. There is no mortar in the vertical joints to allow for expansion and contraction during firing. Rammed Earth and Mud Pile can also be fired, but must be fired from both sides because of the thickness of the walls. Building with stiff wet mud, like a potter, allows for thinner walls, and the possibility of incorporating flue systems into the walls. Arches can be formed by stacking non mortared blocks as form work, and removing them after firing.
The firing system used is based on the availability of fuel and local know how. In Iran, village kilns used oil for fuel, so a simple, gravity flow oil burner could be used to fire each room. Flues are created (either integrated into the structural, or made for removal) and openings are closed with un-mortared brick. Joints are covered with a thin layer of mud plaster. The burner is placed at a low opening with room for air circulation, but protected from wind. 
During the early stages of firing, water vapor escapes through the flues located on the roof. Once the steam escapes, roof flues can be closed and heat will circulate the room before escaping from floor vents. This is when the room is heated to at least and the adobe is baked. After the firing, only the ceiling flues are opened to allow slow cooling over at least 48 hours.
The outside walls are finished with either a mud straw plaster, fired brick, or ceramic tile. When finished with mud straw plaster, a thin layer of clay earth and straw is baked on to the structure at the end phase of firing, and a second layer of the plaster troweled on after cooling. When finished with tiles, they are mortared directly over a waterproofing layer such as tar.
Forms and techniques.
The primary shapes of a ceramic building, are squares and rectangles with roofs that are arches, vaults, and domes. This is in order to construct the entire structure of monolithic material (cost effectiveness) and also to achieve the tremor resistance and proven longevity of a shell membrane.
Adobe and clay can be sculpted into built-in forms and structures, such as seats and shelving, and fired with the rest of the house. 
Adding oxides and different types of sand and clay can create different finishes. The most important mineral oxide in glazing is silica (which makes glass). Low fired glazes are preferable for houses. Glazing should only be done in some places to allow for a room's skin to "breathe." Glazes have even been made with recycled glass bottles. Salt glazing is another way to make an inexpensive finish.
Benefits.
There are many potential benefits to firing an earthen house. Firing makes a clay structure water resistant. Ceramic kilns often outlive the earth constructed buildings they are close to. The materials for this type of building are accessible to those with very basic resources. Fuel for firing is the most expensive investment. The hardened membrane of a ceramic dome improves resistance to earthquakes. The structure of a ceramic house improves passive heat use through thermal mass. Added benefits involving the firing process include the opportunity to produce other ceramic goods for use or income, and, when firing an existing house, pest evacuation will occur naturally.
Examples.
Experimental fired earth housing has also been constructed using the principles of an ancient Chinese anagama kiln. In the anagama kiln system, a wood fire is built at the base of a slope, and the gases are drawn by a strong draft up the slope through a tunnel. When a dome is constructed at the end of the tunnel out of clay, the hot gases bake the clay structure to ceramic hardness.

</doc>
<doc id="9823851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823851" title="44th Airborne Division (India)">
44th Airborne Division (India)

The Indian 44th Airborne Division was a formation of the Indian Army during World War II, created in 1944. It provided a parachute battalion for one minor airborne operation but the war ended before the complete formation could take part. (Most of its subordinate formations and units had already seen action before the division formed).
History.
Creation.
The division's creation was a protracted affair. The division was first converted from the 9th Airborne Division (itself built around the core of the disbanded Indian 44th Armoured Division), at Secunderabad in India, on 15 April 1944.
Within a fortnight, the division HQ and such supporting units as had been allocated were used to form the Indian 21st Infantry Division, as an emergency measure during the Japanese invasion of India (which was codenamed Operation U-Go, and which resulted in the battles of Imphal and Kohima). By 15 July, the crisis was clearly over, and the airborne division's formation was resumed.
Formation.
On 15 September 1944, the existing 50th Parachute Brigade was allocated to the division. Later in the year, it was decreed that the Chindit formations were to be broken up and some of them were to be converted to airborne formations. The British 14th Airlanding Brigade became part of the division on 1 November 1944, and the Indian 77th Parachute Brigade on 1 March 1945.
The conversion of 77th Brigade to a parachute formation was accompanied by the creation of the Indian Parachute Regiment which absorbed the existing Indian and Gurkha parachute battalions, and the formation of two British battalions of the Parachute Regiment around the cadre of troops which had already fought as Glider infantry during the Chindit campaign; 15th Parachute Battalion from 1st King's Regiment (Liverpool), and 16th Parachute Battalion from 1st South Staffordshire Regiment.
Operation Dracula.
The division was still in the midst of formation, reorganisation and training when it was called upon to provide a parachute force to take part in Operation Dracula. This was an amphibious operation intended to capture Rangoon, the capital and principal port of Burma, which was reinstated at short notice after being earlier cancelled.
A composite Gurkha parachute battalion was formed from the two Gurkha battalions of the Indian Parachute Regiment, and landed behind Japanese coastal defences at the mouth of the Rangoon river on 1 May 1945. During the Battle of Elephant Point they cleared Japanese rearguards from the defences, but the main Japanese garrison had evacuated Rangoon several days previously. The subsequent landings from the sea were unopposed.
Later Operations.
The division was preparing to take part in the projected invasions of Malaya and Singapore when the war ended unexpectedly. The division provided small airborne parties which landed in Japanese-occupied territories ahead of the main Allied forces, locating camps containing Allied prisoners of war and interned civilians, and delivering emergency relief supplies.
The division was then redesignated the 2nd Indian Airborne Division, and was retained until the Partition of India, when it was disbanded on 14/15 August 1947. One parachute brigade and some divisional units went to Pakistan and the other two brigades and the remaining units went to India.

</doc>
<doc id="9823860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823860" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom

Women's Slalom World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Women's Slalom World Cup 1989/90 all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9823877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823877" title="John Gordon (referee)">
John Gordon (referee)

John Robertson Proudfoot Gordon (2 February 1930 – 2000) was a Scottish football referee. He was born in Inverness.
Gordon was selected to officiate at the 1978 FIFA World Cup but was suspended later that year by the Scottish FA for improper behaviour. He, along with assistants Rollo Kyle and David McCartney, admitted to receiving gifts from A.C. Milan prior to handling their 1978 UEFA Cup clash with Levski Sofia. The Italians won the match Gordon refereed, the home leg of a second round tie, 3–0.
John Gordon died in 2000 in Dundee. He was pre-deceased by Rollo Kyle, who died after refereeing a game some 20 years previously.

</doc>
<doc id="9823888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823888" title="Verena Felician">
Verena Felician

Verena Marcelle Felician, born 12 November 1964 in St Lucia, is a West Indies cricketer who has played one women's test match and 36 women's one-day internationals including the 1997 Women's Cricket World Cup in India and the 2005 Women's Cricket World Cup in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9823892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823892" title="Vivi-Anne Hultén">
Vivi-Anne Hultén

Vivi-Anne Hultén (25 August 1911 – 15 January 2003) was a Swedish figure skater who competed in ladies' singles. She was the 1936 Olympic bronze medalist, a four-time World medalist, a two-time European bronze medalist, and a ten-time Swedish national champion. 
Personal life.
Vivi-Anne Hultén was born in Antwerp, Belgium. In 1942, she married Gene Theslof, a Finnish figure skater and weightlifter, with whom she had a son of the same name. Hultén died on 15 January 2003 at age 91 of heart failure in Corona del Mar, California. She was the grandmother of American soccer coach Nick Theslof.
Career.
Hultén was coached by the brother of Gillis Grafström. She finished fifth at the 1932 Winter Olympics. In 1933, she finished second to Sonia Henie at the 1933 World Championships, held in Stockholm.
Hultén won the bronze medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. Swedish newspapers named her the country's all-time female athlete. A lake in Budapest has a statue of her performing a spiral. 
After turning professional, Hultén toured with the Ice Follies, Ice Cycles, and Ice Capades. She formed an adagio pair with Gene Theslof, who had skated with Henie for seven years, and toured the United States and Europe with him. In the mid 1960s, she settled in the United States and opened a large skating school in St. Paul, Minnesota with Theslof.
Hultén was hired as a skating coach by Herb Brooks for his Minnesota North Stars hockey team. She performed for the King and Queen of Sweden and also skated in ten ice shows with Ice Capades in Minneapolis, Minnesota at age 80. She actively taught on the ice until age 86.

</doc>
<doc id="9823922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823922" title="Lapham-Patterson House">
Lapham-Patterson House

The Lapham-Patterson House is a historic site in Thomasville, Georgia. The house, built between 1884-85 as a winter cottage for businessman C.W. Lapham of Chicago, is a significant example of Victorian architecture. It has a number of architectural details, such as fishscale shingles, an intricately designed porch, long-leaf pine inlaid floors, and a double-flue chimney. Inside, the house was well-appointed with a gas lighting system, hot and cold running water, indoor plumbing, and modern closets. Its most significant feature is its completely intentional lack of symmetry. None of the windows, doors, or closets are square. The house is a Georgia Historic Site and is also a National Historic Landmark, which also puts it on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 3-story structure has a mellow-yellow exterior with brick-red roof and chimneys. At the core of the house is an hexagonal-shaped room. There are at least 50 exits; Mr. Lapham had been in the Great Chicago Fire and subsequently became paranoid about being trapped in a burning building.
The house was deliberately constructed slightly askew to take advantage of sunlight entering the third floor during the Spring and Fall Equinoxes. Within is a gentlemen's parlor with a small stage featuring a stained-glass window in the center. In the fretwork outside the room over the balcony are animal and amorpheous shapes cut into the wood. In the center is a cutout of what is presumably the head of Mrs. O'Leary's cow.
During the Spring and Fall Equinoxes the patterns are projected by sunlight onto the floor through the glass. The total effect is that, in the center of the stained glass window's colorful pattern on the floor, the shadow of the cow's head can be seen.
Mr. Lapham was a Quaker but may have been deeply involved in the occult. Workers at the house have reported unusual occurrences which some have attributed to paranormal activity.

</doc>
<doc id="9823930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823930" title="Huánuco (disambiguation)">
Huánuco (disambiguation)

Huánuco is a city in Peru. 
Huánuco may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9823942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9823942" title="Joseph Hubbard Echols">
Joseph Hubbard Echols

Joseph Hubbard Echols (December 25, 1816 – September 23, 1885) was a prominent Confederate politician. He was born in Wilkes County, Georgia and served in the state legislature in 1861. He was elected to represent Georgia in the Second Confederate Congress from 1864 to 1865. 
[http://politicalgraveyard.com/bio/eberhart-eddleman.html#14T101G4C]

</doc>
<doc id="9824028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824028" title="Roopa Ganguly">
Roopa Ganguly

Roopa Ganguly or Rupa Ganguly () (born 25 November 1966) is an Indian actress and National Film Award Winning female playback singer in the Hindi and Bengali language film industry, as well as television She became popular after playing "Draupadi" in the hit Television series Mahabharat (1988), and in film is most known for her roles in films like "Padma Nadir Majhi" (1993) by Gautam Ghose, "Yugant" (1995) by Aparna Sen, and "Antarmahal" (2006) by Rituparno Ghosh.
Personal life.
Roopa Ganguly was born in Kalyani near Kolkata, West Bengal, India. She grew up in a joint family. She passed her Madhyamik Exam from Beltala Girls' High School. She graduated from the Jogamaya Devi College, an affiliated undergraduate women's college of the historic University of Calcutta, in Kolkata.
Ganguly married Dhrubo Mukerjee in 1992. The marriage broke in 2006. In an interview Ganguly said that her husband started feeling insecure about her recognition as an actress. Her son Akash was born in 1997. Later she lived with her singer companion, Dibyendu, 13 years younger than her, in her Mumbai flat. Roopa has since split with Dibyendu. Her appearance in the concluding episode of STAR Plus's hit reality show, "Sacch Ka Saamna" (2009), the Indian adaptation of the British reality show, "The Moment of Truth", created media stir.
Career.
Roopa Ganguly debuted in the Anil Kapoor starrer, "Saaheb" 1985, after her graduation from Calcutta. Her second role was in Malayalam film, "Ithile Iniyum Varu" (1986), with Mammootty as lead. Though her first role as a lead actress, was the pivotal role of "Draupadi", in B.R. Chopra's mythological TV series, "Mahabharat" (1988), which immediately got her attention, and also lead to a role in Mrinal Sen's, "Ek Din Achanak" (1989).
Her other notable works are in award-winning film, "Padma Nadir Majhi" (1993) by Gautam Ghose, "Yugant" (1995) by Aparna Sen, "Abar Aranye" (2003) by Gautam Ghose, "Antarmahal" (2006) by Rituparno Ghosh, apart from these film appearances she has done, numerous television series, both in Bengali and Hindi, including "Sukanya" (1998) etc. She also appeared in notable cameo roles in the films "Dekha" and "Hemlock Society".
After working in a few Hindi films, she shifted to Kolkata, and after appearing in numerous Bengali films through the 1990s, shifted base to Mumbai in 2007, with an English film called, "Bow Barracks Forever" (2004), directed by Anjan Dutt, and continued to act in Bengali films. She started working in Hindi TV series, with "Karam Apnaa Apnaa" (2007), moving on to "Love Story" (SAB TV series) (2007), and more recently in "Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo" (2009). She won the National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer for rendering her voice in the Bengali film Abhosheyshey. She has also performed opposite the south super star Dr. Vishnuvardhan in two films Inspector Dhanush (Hindi) and Police Mathu Daada (Kannada).

</doc>
<doc id="9824072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824072" title="Cary Fowler">
Cary Fowler

Morgan Carrington Fowler, Jr. (born 1949) is an American agriculturalist and the former executive director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust, currently serving as a Senior Advisor to the trust.
Background.
Fowler was born in 1949 to Morgan, a General Sessions judge, and Betty, a dietician. He graduated from White Station High School in Memphis, Tennessee, in 1967. He attended Rhodes College in Memphis, but transferred in his Junior year to Simon Fraser University in Canada, earning his B.A. Honors degree in 1971. He received a Ph.D. degree from Uppsala University in Sweden.
Career.
In the 1970s-80s Fowler was Program Director for the National Sharecroppers Fund/Rural Advancement Fund. Following this, Fowler was Professor and Director of Research in the Department for International Environment & Development Studies at the Norwegian University of Life Sciences in Ås, Norway. He led the International Conference and Programme on Plant Genetic Resources at the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (UN) in the 1990s, during which time he produced the UN's first global assessment of the state of the world's crop diversity. In this role Fowler was the chief author of the Food and Agriculture Organization's Global Plan of Action for Plant Genetic Resources, and supervised the negotiations that led to its adoption by 150 countries in 1996.
From 1996 to 2001, Fowler represented the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR) in negotiations for the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources. In 2010, Fowler played a lead role in saving one of the world's largest living collections of fruit and berry varieties at the Pavlovsk Experiment Station in Russia. In order to save the Station, he led an international campaign of scientists and citizens who voiced their concerns about the threatened conversion of this station to a housing development.
He has also served as a Special Assistant to the Secretary General of the World Food Summit, as a board member of the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center (CIMMYT) in Mexico, and the National Plant Genetic Resources Board of the U.S.
Fowler is currently a member of the Board of Trustees of Rhodes College. He is a member of the New York Botanical Garden Corporation. In 2013, Fowler was elected to Membership in the Russian Academy of Sciences, which carries the title of Academician. He is one of two foreign members of the Academy. He is former chair of the board of The Livestock Conservancy, and a former member of the board of Seed Savers Exchange.
Global Crop Diversity Trust.
Fowler served as the Executive Director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust from 2005 to 2012. The trust's mandate is to ensure "the conservation and availability of crop diversity for food security worldwide." Fowler was influential in the creation of the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, which currently houses samples of more than 783,000 distinct crop varieties. He stepped down as Executive Director of the trust in late 2012 but continues to serve in an advisory role and chairs the International Advisory Council of the Svalbard Global Seed Vault.
Working with partner genebanks in 71 countries during Fowler's tenure as Executive Director, the Trust helped rescue 83,393 unique crop varieties from extinction. It sponsored more than 40 projects to screen crop collections for important traits such as heat and drought tolerance. In partnership with the USDA, a state-of-the-art genebank management system ("GRIN-Global") was developed and made available to 38 genebanks internationally, and the first ever global portal to accession (sample) level information (Genesys) was launched. The Trust's endowment grew more than $100 million to $134 million, and total funds raised surpassed $200 million.
By the end of Fowler's tenure, the Trust concluded three major agreements intended to protect and conserve crop diversity: with the Millennium Seed Bank of Kew Gardens, the indigenous communities in the Andes, and the international genebanks of the Consultive Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR).
Awards and honors.
Fowler received an Honorary Doctorate of Law degree from Simon Fraser University, and an Honorary Doctorate of Humanities degree from Rhodes College. He received the Right Livelihood Award with Pat Mooney in 1985 for his work in agriculture and the preservation of biodiversity. Fowler also received the Vavilov Medal from the Russian Academy of Agricultural Sciences. In 2010, he was one of ten recipients of the 16th Heinz Awards (with special focus on global change). In 2012, he was awarded the "Wind Beneath my Wings" award jointly with his wife Amy P. Goldman at Bette Midler's annual "Hulaween" party. He was the baccalaureate speaker at the 2013 Rhodes College commencement ceremonies.
Media.
Fowler has made many media appearances, including the CBS news show "60 Minutes" and the Sandy McLeod directed film "Seeds of Time". He has been profiled in "The New Yorker" magazine, presented at the Pop!Tech conference and spoken at the TED Global Conference in Oxford.
Bibliography.
In addition to authoring more than 100 articles in various agriculture, law development and biology journals, Fowler has authored and coauthored several books.
Personal life.
In 2012, Fowler married author, gardener, and seed saving advocate Amy P. Goldman. He has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="9824078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824078" title="Nate Campbell">
Nate Campbell

Nathaniel Campbell III (born March 7, 1972 in Jacksonville, Florida), more commonly known as Nate Campbell, is an American professional boxer. He is a former unified WBA, IBF and WBO lightweight champion.
Amateur career.
Campbell had an amateur record of 30-5, before trying out for the American Olympic Boxing Team.
Prior to Nate Campbell turning professional he tried out for the United States Boxing 2000 Olympic team. During the trials, Campbell lost a controversial bout which eliminated him from being on the 2000 team. The match was a close one which could have easily been decided for or against him. After the match, Campbell told an insider "my amateur days are over, I can't feed my family trophies." He finished his amateur career with a record of 30-6.
Prior to his first match, Nate Campbell trained in Tallahassee, Florida with the Seminole Boxing Club in downtown Tallahassee. The Seminole Boxing Club was trained by Frank Jimenez.
Professional career.
Early years at lightweight.
Campbell turned professional in 2000 in Tallahassee and quickly stormed through his opponents. He won his first 23 bouts, setting up a bout with cagey veteran Joel Casamayor in 2003.
Super featherweight.
Casamayor won a unanimous decision. Despite losing a unanimous decision against Casamayor, many commentators including the HBO commentators that night believed that Nate Campbell had fought a much closer match then what the scorecards indicated. Some commentators even stated that Nate Campbell had won that closely fought match.
After the loss Campbell slipped into obscurity after two losses to Robbie Peden and a loss to Francisco Lorenzo. The first match against Peden saw arguably one of the most bizarre endings in a boxing fight, when in the fifth round Campbell dropped his hands and stuck out his chin in a showboat, offering Peden to take a shot. Peden took the opportunity and knocked out Campbell with a huge left hook. After these losses, many in the boxing world believed that Nate Campbell's boxing days were over.
Return to lightweight.
Nonetheless, Campbell stormed back on the scene in 2005 with a big win over undefeated prospect Kid Diamond. In 2006 he lost a split decision to Isaac Hlatshwayo, but won an IBF title eliminator against Matt Zegan. Instead of a title shot, Campbell's next bout was another eliminator, which he won over Ricky Quiles. After knocking out Wilson Alcorro, his next bout was a split decision victory over the undefeated Juan Díaz on March 8, 2008 to become the new IBF, WBA, and WBO unified World Lightweight Champion. Nate Campbell was the underdog coming into the fight against Juan Díaz. Juan Díaz was considered too strong and too technically sound against the likes of Campbell. Nate Campbell surprised the boxing world by controlling the tempo of the fight. The first 7 rounds were heavily contested but from the 8th round afterwards, Campbell completely controlled the fight as Diaz's eyes began swelling.
Campbell's first defense of his recently won WBA, WBO and IBF titles was to be against Joan Guzmán who just moved up from the Super Featherweight division. The fight was to take place at the Beau Rivage Resort & Casino, Mississippi, United States on September 13, 2008. But because Guzman weighed in more than 3 pounds above the weight limit, Campbell's titles weren't staked. Unfortunately, due to Guzman being dehydrated after trying to make the weight, the Guzman camp backed out and the fight was cancelled.
On January 10, 2009, Campbell vacated his WBA lightweight title because of concerns regarding sanctioning fees and proposed mandatory defenses. 
Just as Guzman had trouble making weight, Campbell experienced a similar problem as he was supposed to defend his IBF and WBO lightweight crowns against Ali Funeka on February 14, 2009. On weigh-in however, Campbell was more than 2 pounds over the weight limit. As a result, he was removed of both titles. The fight still went on as scheduled, Funeka could have claimed the IBF and WBO titles with a victory. However, Campbell won a majority decision by the scores of 114-112, 115-111, and 113-113. Despite the win, Campbell was ineligible to regain the titles, which are now vacant. Campbell stated that he will be moving up to the 140 pound junior welterweight division after the bout.
Light welterweight.
On August 1, 2009, Campbell took on 140 lbs. titlist Timothy Bradley. The Jacksonville native moved up to the light welterweight division after he failed to make the lightweight limit in his last fight against Ali Funeka. The WBO light welterweight title was at stake. The bout was held at the Agua Caliente Casino in Rancho Mirage, California. 
The fight with Bradley only lasted three rounds after Campbell was unable to continue due to an internal eye injury caused by an unintentional headbutt from Bradley. Bradley was initially awarded a TKO victory by California referee David Mendoza. However, a replay showed that the injury was in fact caused by an accidental clash of heads, and should thus be ruled a no decision. Since then, the decision has been overruled to a No Contest after review by the California State Athletic Commission.
In December 2009 Campbell was granted a release from Don King Productions, and signed a new promotional contract with Golden Boy Promotions. Campbell's lead trainer is former world champion John David Jackson, and his business advisor is One Punch Productions. 
Campbell fought Victor Ortíz on May 15, 2010 at the Madison Square Garden in New York. The former undisputed champion entered the ring as the underdog and eventually lost the bout by unanimous decision. On November 27, 2010, Campbell lost an eight round decision on the Juan Manuel Marquez undercard in Las Vegas to Walter Estrada, a journeyman whose record included only three wins over winless fighters in twelve bouts between 2008-2010. On November 29, 2010, Nate Campbell announced his retirement from boxing.
Comeback.
On 21 April 2011 Nate came out of retirement to fight unbeaten Danny Garcia losing a Unanimous Decision.
Nate continued being active fighting a month later winning against Sherzod Nazarov in an 8 round UD.
On September 25, 2011 Campbell lost to Khabib Allakhverdiyev.
On March 24, 2012 Nate won by TKO in 9 rounds in Dominican Republic against "Mermelada" Cayó.
On 27 April 2013 Campbell was defeated by Englishman Terry Flannigan in Sheffield, England, when the fight was stopped after 4 Rounds when Campbell pulled out when well behind on the scorecards.

</doc>
<doc id="9824083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824083" title="Saul Ewing">
Saul Ewing

Saul Ewing LLP is an East Coast law firm. It has 11 regional offices in Baltimore, Maryland; Boston, Massachusetts; Chesterbrook, Pennsylvania; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Newark, New Jersey; New York, New York; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; Princeton, New Jersey; Washington, D.C.; and Wilmington, Delaware.
History.
Saul Ewing's history goes back to 1863. An attorney and art collector by the name of John G. Johnson argued 168 cases before the United States Supreme Court. He practiced law up until his death in April 1917. After his death, Johnson’s law practice was taken over by his salaried associates, who formed Pritchard, Saul, Bayard & Evans, which maintained offices at 1835-43 Land Title Building in Philadelphia. In March 1921, the firm was dissolved and a split of attorneys occurred, leading to the foundation of today’s Saul Ewing.
Practice areas.
Saul Ewing has dozens of specialized practice groups that focus on specific legal areas such as Litigation, Bankruptcy, Corporate, Intellectual Property, Personal Wealth, Public Finance and Real Estate to name a few. The firm serves clients in industries such as Health, Higher Education, Insurance, Oil and Gas, Energy and Utilities and Life Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9824095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824095" title="Douglas Orr">
Douglas Orr

Douglas William Orr (March 25, 1892—July 29, 1966) was an American architect based in New Haven, Connecticut. Born in Meriden, Connecticut, he was prolific and designed many public and commercial buildings, primarily in the New Haven area. He was president of the American Institute of Architects from 1947 to 1949. In 1949, he also helped to renovate the White House. He died in 1966 in Stony Creek, Connecticut. 
After receiving his undergraduate degree from Yale University, Orr opened his architectural practice in 1919; he completed a master's degree in fine arts at Yale in 1927. Orr designed the Taft Memorial Tower, Harkness Memorial Hall, and Connecticut Hall at Yale. His portfolio included many other academic projects, among them buildings at Mt. Holyoke and Hollins Colleges and memorial chapels at the Coast Guard and Merchant Marine Academies. He was a member of the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts from 1955 to 1963 (vice chairman 1955-63), a member of the Commission on the Renovation of the Executive Mansion, the Advisory Commission on Presidential Office Space, and the Smithsonian Art Commission. Orr was also an academician of the American Architectural Foundation, a fellow of the American Institute of Architects, and a member of the National Academy of Design. 
Late in his career, Orr established a partnership with architects William deCossy and Frank Winder; the firm was then called Douglas Orr, deCossy, Winder, and Associates. Orr worked in art deco and colonial revival as well as more modern styles.

</doc>
<doc id="9824141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824141" title="The Triumph of Beauty">
The Triumph of Beauty

The Triumph of Beauty is a Caroline era masque, written by James Shirley and first published in 1646. The masque shows a strong influence of Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
The plot of the masque draws upon one of the most famous tales of Greek mythology, the Judgement of Paris; Shirley derives some material from the "Dialogues" of Lucian. (Shirley had previously used the same subject matter in the masque in Act V of his 1640 play "The Constant Maid.") The cast includes all the principals of the story, with the divinities occurring in their Roman versions: Paris, Juno, Venus, and Pallas all appear, along with Mercury, Cupid, Hymen, the Graces, the Hours, and a personified Delight. (The three Hours, Eunomia, Dike and Eirene, also appear in Shirley's "The Triumph of Peace".) The figures of the anti-masque are seven shepherds, Bottle, Crab, Clout, Toadstool, Shrub, Scrip, and Hobbinoll; as a group they resemble the comic Athenians in Shakespeare's "Dream," with Bottle as Shirley's version of Bottom. The scene is set at Mount Ida, in keeping with the traditional story; the masque ends with Venus's victory in the contest of beauty, and makes no mention of the ensuing events (that is, the Trojan War).
The text of the masque was first published in the octavo volume of Shirley's "Poems" that was issued in 1646 by the bookseller Humphrey Moseley. The masque was also, apparently, sometimes bound and sold as a separate volume.
After the London theatres closed in 1642 at the start of the English Civil War, Shirley made his living as a schoolteacher, and created his final dramatic works for student performance. His late works "Honoria and Mammon," "The Contention of Ajax and Ulysses," and "Cupid and Death" fall into this category. The 1646 title page of "The Triumph of Beauty" states that the masque "was personated by some young Gentlemen, for whom it was intended, at a private Recreation." Judging by its publication date, "The Triumph of Beauty" may have been the earliest of these pedagogic dramas. The music for the masque was composed by William Lawes, who also composed the music for Shirley's "The Triumph of Peace."

</doc>
<doc id="9824152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824152" title="Brandbergen Mosque">
Brandbergen Mosque

The Brandbergen Mosque, officially the Islamic Association in Brandbergen is a mosque located in Brandbergen, Haninge Municipality, south of Stockholm, Sweden.
In 2004 an Arabic-language manual, which carried the logo and address of the Brandbergen Mosque, was spread on the internet. The manual described the construction of simple chemical weapons, including how to build a chemical munition from an ordinary artillery round.
On December 7, 2006, the Swedish citizen Mohamed Moumou, who is described by the United States Department of the Treasury as an "uncontested leader of an extremist group centered around the Brandbergen Mosque in Stockholm", was put on the United Nations Security Council Committee 1267 list of foreign terrorists.
In November 2006 the Islamic Association got permission to build a Muslim Cultural Center next to the city center. The cultural center will include an assembly hall, library, restaurant, gyms and baths. It is meant to serve as a meeting place for the area's Muslims, as well as other residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9824157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824157" title="Discovery Channel Mexico">
Discovery Channel Mexico

Discovery Channel Mexico is the Mexican Discovery Channel. It is similar to Discovery en Español
Discovery en Español

</doc>
<doc id="9824171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824171" title="Phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate">
Phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate

Phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate (PtdIns4"P", PI-4-P or simply PI4P) is a precursor of Phosphatidylinositol (4,5)-bisphosphate. PtdIns4"P" is prevalent in the membrane of the Golgi apparatus.
In the Golgi apparatus, PtdIns4"P" binds to the GTP-binding protein ARF and to effector proteins, including four-phosphate-adaptor protein 1 and 2 (FAPP1 and FAPP2). This three molecule complex recruits proteins that need to be carried to the cell membrane.
There is now evidence that PI-4-P is capable of deforming lipid systems into tightly curved assemblies, this is consistent with similar behaviour observed in phosphatidylinositol.

</doc>
<doc id="9824196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824196" title="Valery Brudov">
Valery Brudov

Valery Brudov (born November 27, 1976 in Novosokolniki, Pskov, Russia) is a professional boxer. 
He turned pro in 1999 winning his first 30 contests. This garnered him a WBC regional title and winning a WBA eliminator.
His first shot at a world title came against Virgil Hill for the vacant "Regular" title in 2006, after Jean-Marc Mormeck was promoted to Super Champion. Valery lost a lopsided decision to the veteran. Hill was inactive for the rest of the year and Brudov scored a TKO over Luis Andres Pineda in December to become the inaugural "Interim" Champion. That reign only last six months when he lost a split decision to Firat Arslan. He challenged Guillermo Jones for the full championship in 2010, but was stopped in eleven rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="9824199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824199" title="Josaphat Celestin">
Josaphat Celestin

Josaphat J. Celestin, also known as Joe Celestin, is a Haitian-American politician who served as the mayor of North Miami, Florida from 2001 to 2005. A Republican, he was elected the first Haitian-American mayor of a sizeable city in the United States.
Celestin was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti to a physician and emigrated to the United States in 1979.
Political career.
In 1996, Celestin ran for the Florida Legislature, but did not succeed. In 1997, he formed the "Haitian-American Political Action Committee" (HAPAC). In 1998, he ran for the Florida Senate, but was not successful. He sued to overturn the election, claiming that the results were tainted by illegally registered voters.
Prior to his 2001 election as mayor, Celestin had also run for mayor in 1999.
In 2001, Celestin was elected as Mayor of North Miami, becoming the first Haitian-American of a sizeable US city. He was re-elected in 2003 when the deadline for opponents passed with no challengers. He left office in 2005 at the end of his second term of office as mayor - which is the term limit.
In 2009, Celestin had considered running for mayor again, but pulled out so as not to be 'divisive'.
In 2011 he ran for the State Senate for the position vacated by Frederica Wilson, who replaced Kendrick Meek in the U.S. House of Representatives. On March 1, 2011 he was defeated by Democrat Oscar Braynon.

</doc>
<doc id="9824230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824230" title="Tim Fite">
Tim Fite

Tim Fite (born Timothy Sullivan) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist, living and working in Brooklyn. His past releases have run the gamut from indie to alternative to country to hip hop.
History.
Fite was born and raised in rural New Jersey, where he developed a certain fascination with guns and social value systems that can be found in his music, art and the illustrated stories he also creates.
Fite is known for using samples from long-forgotten records to amplify his mixed-genre approach to music. On his Anti Records debut "Gone Ain't Gone" he set the self-imposed limit of using only samples from records bought for less than a dollar.
During the early 2000s, Fite was one half of hip hop duo Little-T and One Track Mike, who are mostly remembered for their only hit "Shaniqua", which was popular on music channels such as MTV. After that group went on an indefinite hiatus, Fite signed to the ANTI- Records label and started releasing solo albums.
In 2006, Fite released a full-length, web-only, free hip hop record, "Over the Counter Culture", which was a critique of modern culture of consumerism and greed. Critics from the "Los Angeles Times" to the "Chicago Tribune" to the "Chicago Sun Times" placed it in their top 10 for 2007, yet in deference to the subject matter, Fite decided not to release it commercially. Fite has continued to release albums free of charge through his website, most recently 2010's Under the Table Tennis.
Fite's "Fair Ain't Fair" was released May 6, 2008, which was followed by a tour with Philadelphia's Man Man.
Tim released "Ain't Ain't Aint", the final installment of his "Ain't" album trilogy, on March 6, 2012.
He often collaborates with Ryan Foregger for his music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="9824245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824245" title="Bandar Country Homes">
Bandar Country Homes

Bandar Country Homes is a township in Rawang, Gombak district, Selangor, Malaysia. It is about 10 km from Rawang town. 

</doc>
<doc id="9824309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824309" title="CofC">
CofC

CofC may refer to:
CoFC may refer to:
COFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9824311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824311" title="Michael Katsidis">
Michael Katsidis

Michael Alan Katsidis () (born 15 August 1980) is an Australian professional boxer of Greek descent. He is a former two-time WBO interim lightweight titleholder whose crowd-pleasing, all-action fighting style has often drawn comparisons with the late Arturo Gatti.
Amateur career.
In an amateur career which began at the age of eleven, Katsidis compiled a record of 75–6. During this time he represented the Australian Olympic team in the lightweight division at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney. He also attained a scholarship at the Australian Institute of Sport.
Professional career.
2001–07.
Katsidis made his professional debut on 1 December 2001 by stopping Danny Wilson in the third round for the Queensland State lightweight title. In his second fight on 9 March 2002, he won a twelve-round unanimous decision over James Swan for the Australian lightweight championship. He would go on to score another nineteen wins, nearly all by knockout, whilst amassing a further three lower-level titles: the Australian light welterweight, WBO Asia Pacific lightweight and IBF Pan Pacific lightweight championships, respectively.
In 2001 Katsidis was involved in an altercation with a man, which saw him convicted for assault. Katsidis pleaded not guilty, maintaining self-defence, but was sentenced to eight months in prison during 2002–03, six months of which were spent at the high-security Woodford Correctional Centre in Brisbane, Queensland. The conviction later made it difficult for Katsidis to obtain a visa to the United States, which was refused twice in 2005 and 2006.
Battle with Earl.
On 17 February 2007, a bout for the newly created and vacant WBO interim lightweight title was made between Katsidis and Graham Earl at the Wembley Arena in London. In an action-packed and fast-paced fight, Katsidis and Earl went toe-to-toe and traded many heavy blows, during which Earl was knocked down twice in the opening round and again in the second. However, soon after getting back to his feet following the third knockdown and having the towel being thrown in seconds later (only for it to be thrown back out again by referee Mickey Vann), Earl managed to floor Katsidis momentarily with a heavy right hand at close quarters, rendering the latter visibly stunned and unsteady on his feet. Earl's comeback would ultimately be short-lived, as Katsidis recovered swiftly and finished the round strongly. At the very end of round three, a low blow cost Katsidis a point, but in the following rounds he went on to deliver a barrage of largely unanswered punches to Earl until the decision was made Earl's cornermen to stop the fight after the fifth round.
United States debut.
Katsidis was scheduled to face then-WBO super featherweight champion Joan Guzmán on 26 May 2007, but the latter withdrew from the fight due to a hand injury. Katsidis later defended his WBO interim lightweight title against Czar Amonsot on 21 July 2007 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. This was Katsidis' first fight in the United States, as well as the first of his many appearances on the HBO network, as part of the pay-per-view undercard to Bernard Hopkins vs. Ronald "Winky" Wright.
Both boxers would go on to wage an intense, bloody war over the twelve-round distance. Amonsot proved to be a tough and durable opponent, despite suffering knockdowns in rounds two and ten. The judges' scorecards ultimately read 116–110, 115–111 and 114–112 for Katsidis, but both men were subsequently hospitalised at the local Valley Hospital Medical Center, with Amonsot requiring an overnight stay and Katsidis multiple stitches for serious cuts around his eyes, which had begun to bleed heavily from the third round onwards. Amonsot was later found to have a subdural hematoma, putting his career in serious doubt at the time.
2008.
First defeat.
A bout with then-IBF/WBA/WBO lightweight champion Juan Díaz was to take place after the fight with Amonsot, but problems with HBO and Díaz's promoter Don King prevented this from occurring. On 22 March at the Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa in Cabazon, California, Katsidis fought reigning WBC and "The Ring" magazine lightweight champion Joel Casamayor.
The Cuban southpaw got off to a good start by catching Katsidis early on with sharp left hands, dropping him twice in the first round. As the fight continued, Katsidis' harder punches and constant pressure began to find their way through Casamayor's defence, at one point sending him tumbling through the ring ropes towards the end of round six, after successive left and right hands by Katsidis. In the ninth round, Casamayor was deducted a point due to a low blow. All of this enabled Katsidis to gradually build up a lead on two of the judges' scorecards, until a well-placed counter left hand from Casamayor caught him on the chin in the tenth round, flooring him for a fourth time. Barely able to stand up, Katsidis was able to carry on but shortly afterwards a further flurry of unanswered shots from Casamayor forced referee Jon Schorle to stop the fight. This handed Katsidis his first defeat and cost him the WBO interim lightweight title. Again, cuts and bruises were noticeable around his eyes after the fight.
Second defeat.
Following the defeat, a rescheduled fight with Juan Díaz was set for 6 September at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas for the vacant IBO lightweight championship. Over the course of twelve rounds, Katsidis underperformed and enabled a determined Díaz (who had himself suffered a career first loss in his previous fight) to counterpunch and time his attacks with regularity. His face bloodied and bruised once again, Katsidis suffered his second consecutive defeat, with Díaz winning a split decision. Two of the judges scored the fight 116–112 and 115–113 for Díaz, whilst the third scored it a somewhat controversial 115–113 for Katsidis.
2009.
Comeback trail.
An opportunity for Katsidis to reclaim the vacant WBO Asia Pacific lightweight title was scheduled for 31 January at the Cebu Coliseum in Cebu City, Philippines, with Angel Hugo Ramirez as his opponent. The ten-round contest was won convincingly by Katsidis, despite appearing to be gunshy at times, coupled with Ramirez's unwillingness to engage. Ramirez was knocked down four times (once in the second round and three times in the fourth), whilst a point was deducted from Katsidis for hitting Ramirez whilst he was floored from a slip later in the second round. At the end of the fight, the judges scored 98–87, 96–89 and 96–89 in favour of Katsidis.
On 4 April, Katsidis faced Jesús Chávez at the Frank Erwin Center in Austin, Texas. This was part of the "Lightweight Lightning" event, a lightweight eliminator tournament organised by Golden Boy Promotions. After an initially tentative start by Katsidis, he was soon able to pull ahead on the scorecards due to his characteristic onslaught of attack, which ultimately forced Chávez (who had sustained a bad cut on his forehead towards the end of round four) to quit in his corner before the start of the eighth round.
Pay-per-view return.
Katsidis' next opponent was Vicente Escobedo, whom he fought on 19 September at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, as part of the undercard to Floyd Mayweather, Jr. vs. Juan Manuel Márquez. The bout was for the WBO interim lightweight title (which had since been vacated by Joel Casamayor, some time following his victorious bout with Katsidis), with the winner receiving a guaranteed opportunity to face the WBO lightweight world champion.
In a fight similar to the one with Amonsot two years prior, Katsidis and Escobedo exchanged hard punches for the full twelve rounds, with Katsidis surging forward aggressively and putting constant pressure on the retreating yet accurately counterpunching Escobedo. As per routine, cuts opened up around Katsidis' face early on, together with a visibly swollen jaw in the closing rounds. At the end of the contest, the judges were split with 118–110 and 115–113 for Katsidis and 116–112 for Escobedo.
2010.
Return to London.
Having reclaimed the interim title, Katsidis was made to wait several months to see if a mandatory title bout with Juan Manuel Márquez would materialise. This was dependent on whether Márquez was willing return to the lightweight division to defend his WBO championship, or if he would voluntarily reliquish it to Katsidis in favour of moving up to light welterweight for potentially bigger fights. By January 2010, Márquez had not yet expressed any desire to defend against Katsidis.
A date on 27 March against then-reigning IBF super featherweight champion Robert Guerrero was at one point confirmed for a Golden Boy Promotions event, but Guerrero withdrew from the fight in early February due to family matters. One day prior to Guerrero's withdrawal, Katsidis had turned his attention towards old nemesis Juan Díaz, with both expressing an interest in a potential rematch.
On 2 March, a fight between Katsidis and then-undefeated lightweight challenger Kevin Mitchell was officially confirmed by promoter Frank Warren. It was contested on 15 May at Boleyn Ground stadium in London, with the WBO interim lightweight title on the line. At the opening bell, Mitchell looked to establish his jab and keep Katsidis at bay. In the first two evenly split rounds, the occasional flurry of hooks from a highly aggressive Katsidis was enough to make Mitchell fight consistently on the back foot in an attempt to keep out of range. However, in the closing seconds of both rounds, Katsidis was able to launch a charging attack and finish strongly at the bell. In the third round, Katsidis continued to charge at Mitchell and was soon able to land a combination of hooks which made the latter stumble backwards on unsteady legs. From thereon, Mitchell was unable to fully regain his composure and, less than two minutes later, he was buckled by a hard left hook and a further succession of unanswered punches, at which point referee Dave Parris stopped the fight.
The waiting game.
Immediately after the Mitchell bout, the WBO mandated that Juan Manuel Márquez must face Katsidis for the 'full' version of the lightweight world championship, or risk being stripped. This was reiterated some months later, following Márquez's victory over Juan Díaz in a rematch of their 2009 fight. Katsidis was in attendance for the aforementioned event in order to scout out the winner and primarily to assert his claim to be next in line against Márquez.
World title challenge.
On 25 August the CEO of Golden Boy Promotions, Richard Schaefer, announced that Márquez had decided to stay at lightweight and defend his WBA, WBO and "The Ring" titles against Katsidis on 27 November at the MGM Grand. Golden Boy Promotions founder Oscar De La Hoya titled the event as "Warriors", and it was to be Katsidis' first time headlining an "HBO World Championship Boxing" broadcast (having twice previously headlined HBO's "Boxing After Dark", against Casamayor and Díaz). Tragedy occurred during Katsidis' pre-fight preparation and training in Thailand, when his brother Stathi died on 19 October.
In what many observers were anticipating to be a highly fan-friendly fight, Márquez suffered a knockdown in round three from a hard Katsidis left hook. He managed to recover swiftly, building up a lead on all the judges' scorecards and gradually neutralising Katsidis' aggression with accurate counterpunching at close range. In the ninth round, Márquez landed a succession of cleanly landed uppercuts on an unsteady Katsidis (who had already been staggered by an uppercut in the eighth), prompting referee Kenny Bayless to step in and halt the fight. Despite a third defeat for Katsidis, the fight went on to win HBO's award for 2010 Fight of the Year.
2011.
Further losses.
Katsidis' next fight took place on 9 April 2011 against Robert Guerrero, in a re-scheduling of their cancelled fight from March 2010. Staged at the MGM Grand, it formed part of the pay-per-view undercard to Érik Morales vs. Marcos Maidana. The WBA and, once again, WBO interim titles were at stake. Despite an animated taunt of "What are you looking at?!" from Katsidis to Guerrero during their pre-fight staredown, a fourth career defeat would await Katsidis in his most one-sided to date. Guerrero was able to maintain a safe distance by consistently landing accurate punches with his jab and straight left hand, to which Katsidis had virtually no answer at any stage in the fight.
In the second round, Katsidis seemingly scored a knockdown due to a cuffing left hook, but this was not counted by referee Russell Mora. In the fourth, both fighters exchanged punches wildly, with Guerrero maintaining the upper hand. A hard straight left from Guerrero wobbled Katsidis in round five and had him hurt for the remainder of the round. As the fight wore on, Katsidis would lose two points in the eighth round because of repeated low blows; Guerrero also lost a point for the same reason in the ninth. With all twelve rounds completed, the judges were unanimous in scoring 118–107, 118–106 and 117–108 for Guerrero.
Katsidis then moved up to light welterweight for a fight against Michael Lozada on 13 August at the Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre in Queensland. It was his first fight in Australia since 2006, as well as his first at light welterweight since that time. An outmatched Lozada was stopped in the third round.
In a move back down to lightweight, Katsidis next fought Ricky Burns for the vacant WBO interim lightweight title. The event took place at the Wembley Arena in London on 5 November, making it Katsidis' third fight in England. Burns defeated Katsidis by way of unanimous decision with judges' scores of 117–112, 117–111 and 117–111.
Later that month, it was announced that Katsidis and career-long trainer Brendon Smith had amicably parted ways after nearly twenty years. In an in-depth December interview, he explained that he was on the lookout for a new manager, promoter and trainer, as well as a forthcoming fight.
2012.
Trainer changes.
Having hired a new trainer in fellow Australian and former heavyweight contender Justin Fortune, Katsidis moved up light welterweight again for a fight against Albert Mensah, which took place on 13 April 2012 at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Despite throwing over a thousand punches in a typically action-packed outing, Katsidis was outboxed by Mensah, who landed fewer but more damaging punches (particularly the uppercut, to which Katsidis has always been vulnerable). In the ninth round, Katsidis was hurt several times and looked to be on shaky legs as he stumbled around the ring. At the end of the ten-round contest, the judges scored a majority decision for Mensah with scores of 98–92, 96–94 and 95–95.
Later in the year, Katsidis was scheduled to fight then-undefeated Darleys Pérez on 10 August at the Morongo Casino, but later withdrew on 25 July due to a knee injury. At one point during October, Katsidis was in the running for a high-profile welterweight bout against then-returning British star Ricky Hatton, but Hatton instead chose Vyacheslav Senchenko as his opponent. Katsidis later stated that from thereon he would stay at lightweight, which he felt was his natural weight class. In another in-depth December interview, Katsidis revealed that he had moved back to Sydney and hired veteran trainer Johnny Lewis for future bouts.
2013.
Health scare.
Katsidis' first bout of 2013 was scheduled for 21 February at the Melbourne Pavilion, against Weng Haya of the Philippines. However, on 12 February the news broke that the fight had been cancelled, with Katsidis having received medical advice based on MRI and CAT scans that he should retire. A week following the announcement, further information from the scans revealed that Katsidis had suffered scarring of the brain.
In July, Katsidis expressed his desire for a farewell fight in his hometown of Toowoomba, where he has not fought since 2006. He also stated that he was clear to fight, whilst having other aspirations outside of boxing. In October, it was at one point confirmed that Katsidis would face Stephen Foster on 11 December at the Sydney Entertainment Centre, but for unknown reasons this did not take place on the date.
2014.
Katsidis and Brendon Smith reunited before the start of the year, with Katsidis facing Eddy Comaro on 14 March at the Convention Centre in Toowoomba. Comaro was stopped in three rounds.
A rematch with Graham Earl, whom Katsidis first fought in 2007, took place on 4 July in Toowoomba. Katsidis won a unanimous decision with scores of 120–109, 120–108 and 119–109.
Personal life.
In February 2009 Katsidis married Japanese native Kumiko Hosako during a ceremony in Bangkok. On 8 December 2009 he became a father for the first time, to newborn daughter Kalia Rose.
When entering the ring, Katsidis often wears a Corinthian helmet and in bouts his trunks often resemble a warrior's skirt, both as a homage to his Greek heritage. He further showcases this heritage with a tattoo on his back depicting the Vergina Sun, which is the symbol of the Greek state of Macedonia, from where his family hails.
His brother Stathi Katsidis was one of Australia's most prominent jockeys. On 19 October 2010, Stathi was found dead at his home in Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="9824330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824330" title="Fukuyama City Zoo">
Fukuyama City Zoo

Overview.
Fukuyama City Zoo has opened on April 1, 1978 in Ashida-cho, Fukuyama, Hiroshima in Japan.
There are lion-tailed macaques, squirrel monkeys, ring-tailed Lemurs, lions, leopards, coyotes, ostrichs, Hartman's mountain zebras, reticulated giraffes, southern cassowarys and emus.

</doc>
<doc id="9824387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824387" title="Tamaki Nakanishi">
Tamaki Nakanishi


</doc>
<doc id="9824439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824439" title="Pham Van Quyen">
Pham Van Quyen

Phạm Văn Quyến (born April 29, 1984) is a retired Vietnamese footballer, lastly played for Vietnamese club Vissai Ninh Bình of V-League as well as Vietnam national football team. Since his days as a Vietnamese U-16 international, Quyến was considered one of the most promising young players in Vietnam and a worthy successor to Vietnam legend Le Huynh Đuc. Quyến is known for his pace, driblling ability, and shot accuracy. He was a free kick specialist in the Vietnam National Team.
Controversy.
Phạm Văn Quyến was a part of the U-23 Vietnamese football team at the SEA Games 23 in Philippines. He and several players of the team were arrested for alleged gambling and match-fixing scandals. In January, 2007, it was decided that Quyến would be sentenced to 2 years in prison, ending the Vietnamese faithfuls' hope of him becoming a star player. Also, Vietnam Football Federation (VFF) decided to ban him from all domestic competition for four years. However, it is rumored that he can return as soon as 2008, if he shows good progress during the banning period. Since the start of V-League 2009, Quyen was able to play in all Domestic match.

</doc>
<doc id="9824460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824460" title="NPAS3">
NPAS3

NPAS3 or Neuronal PAS domain protein 3 is a brain-enriched transcription factor belonging to the bHLH-PAS superfamily of transcription factors, the members of which carry out diverse functions, including circadian oscillations, neurogenesis, toxin metabolism, hypoxia, and tracheal development. NPAS3 contains basic helix-loop-helix structural motif and PAS domain, like the other proteins in the superfamily.
Function.
NPAS3 is also known as human accelerated region 21. It may, therefore, have played a key role in differentiating humans from apes.
NPAS1 and NPAS3-deficient mice display behavioral abnormalities typical to the animal models of schizophrenia.
According to the same study, NPAS1 and NPAS3 disruption leads to reduced expression of reelin, which is also consistently found to be reduced in the brains of human patients with schizophrenia and psychotic bipolar disorder. Among the 49 genomic regions that undergone rapid changes in humans compared with their evolutionary ancestors, NPAS3 was found to be located in the region 21.
Clinical significance.
Disruption of NPAS3 was found in one family affected by schizophrenia and NPAS3 gene is thought to be associated with psychiatric illness and learning disability. In a genetic study of several hundred subjects conducted in 2008, interacting haplotypes at the NPAS3 locus were found to affect the risk of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
In a pharmacogenetical study, polymorphisms in NPAS3 gene were highly associated with response to iloperidone, a proposed atypical antipsychotic.

</doc>
<doc id="9824478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824478" title="Rouyn-Noranda–Témiscamingue">
Rouyn-Noranda–Témiscamingue

Rouyn-Noranda–Témiscamingue is a provincial electoral district in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region of Quebec, Canada, which elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It includes large portions of the city of Rouyn-Noranda as well as the cities or municipalities of Angliers, Ville-Marie and Témiscaming.
It was created for the 1981 election from parts of Rouyn-Noranda, Gatineau and Pontiac-Témiscamingue electoral districts. 
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, its territory was unchanged.
Election results.
^ Change is from redistributed results. CAQ change is from ADQ. 

</doc>
<doc id="9824495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824495" title="Torgelower SV Greif">
Torgelower SV Greif

Torgelower SV Greif is a German football club from the city of Torgelow in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The football team is part of a sports club which also has departments for women's sport, table tennis, and handball.
History.
The club was established in 1919 as "Greif Torgelow" and after World War II resumed play in East Germany as "BSG Motor Torgelow" in the third tier Berzirksliga Neubrandenburg. Through the 50s they would play as "Motor" or as "Stahl Torgelow" and generally earn upper table finishes. Their performance began to slip in the early 60s and they delivered only mid-table results. In 1963 they were renamed "Nord Max Matern Torgelow" and would play as "NMM" or simply "Nord Torgelow" until after German reunification in 1990.
In 1971 the team won its first promotion to the second division DDR-Liga and spent most of the decade as an elevator side moving up and down between second and third tier play. They were eligible for promotion again in 1984 but failed to advance through a playoff.
"Nord Torgelow" gave up its communist-era name in 1990 to again take on the historical club name "Torgelower SV Greif". After the merger of the football leagues of the two Germany's in the early 1990s, "Greif" played as a lower division side until moving up to the Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (V) in 1994. They played there as a middling side until an exciting 2003–04 campaign saw the club come close to breaking through to the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV). The next season the club captured the division title to earn promotion to the country's highest amateur class.
Stadium.
Torgelower SV Greif play their home matches in the Gießerei-Arena, built in 1958, which has a capacity of 10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9824561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824561" title="Saint-François (electoral district)">
Saint-François (electoral district)

Saint-François is a provincial electoral district in the Estrie region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It includes the Brompton, Fleurimont and Lennoxville boroughs of the city of Sherbrooke, as well as also various other municipalities.
It was created for the 1973 election from parts of Compton, Richmond and Sherbrooke electoral districts.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it gained territory from Orford and Mégantic-Compton electoral districts, and also gained the Brompton borough of Sherbrooke from Johnson electoral district.
Geography.
The Saint-François electoral district covers the following territory:

</doc>
<doc id="9824591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824591" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Combined">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Combined

Women's Combined World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Women's Combined World Cup 1989/90 both results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9824612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824612" title="Hub City Hurricanes">
Hub City Hurricanes

The Hub City Hurricanes was an International Basketball League franchise based in Jackson, Tennessee, that played only during the 2007 season. The team was the first to hail from Jackson since 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="9824615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824615" title="Cindy Duehring">
Cindy Duehring

Cindy Duehring (August 10, 1962 – June 29, 1999) was an American activist and researcher. Duehring was the daughter of Donald and Jan Froeschle. In 1985, while studying pre-med in Seattle, WA, Cindy was severely poisoned by a misapplication of pesticides in her apartment. As a result of this contamination or intoxication of an insecticide (against fleas) she eventually developed an Autoimmune disease.
She directed and founded the Environmental Access Research Network (EARN) which merged with the Chemical Injury Information Network (CIIN) in 1994. Duehring received the Resourceful Woman Leadership Award in 1994 and the Right Livelihood Award in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9824628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824628" title="Anjou–Louis-Riel">
Anjou–Louis-Riel

Anjou–Louis-Riel is a provincial electoral district in Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It is located in northern Montreal and consists of the Anjou borough of Montreal plus a part of the Mercier–Hochelaga-Maisonneuve borough. 
The riding was created in 1972 under the name Anjou. For the 2012 election, it was renamed to Anjou–Louis-Riel, but its territory was unchanged.
Election results.
Anjou–Louis-Riel, 2011 - present.
^ Change is from redistributed results. CAQ change is from ADQ.

</doc>
<doc id="9824651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824651" title="Culture of Bengal">
Culture of Bengal

The culture of Bengal encompasses cultures in the Bengal region, which today consists of the independent nation of Bangladesh ("Purbo Bongo" East Bengal), and the Indian state of West Bengal ("Poshchim Bongo"). The two geographical entities share many cultural traits which root from their historical association.
Religion.
Ancient Bengal was the seat of Buddhism.&lt;ref name="ReferenceA"&gt;Sailen Debnath, 'Essays on Cultural History of North Bengal', ISBN 978-81-86860-42-7&lt;/ref&gt; During the Mauryan period, Pundrobhordhon, corresponding northern Bengal, was the seat of culture and political activities; and in the third century B.C. both of Buddhism and Jainism were prevalent in northern Bengal. This Buddhist tradition continued for centuries up to the end of the Pala period.The period was marked by the establishment of some Buddhist colleges and universities, the remains of one of which still can be found at Paharpur. From the twelfth century, under royal patronage of the Sena rulers, there was the revival of Brahmanical Hinduism; and because of the introduction of Kulinism and torture on the Buddhists and Yogis, the path was made ready for the spread of Islam from the thirteenth century onward. With the elapse of time, Shoktism became very prominent in Bengal; and from the end of the fifteenth century, Vaishnavism also grew to be popular under the leadership of Shri Chaitanya.&lt;ref name="ReferenceA"/&gt; Centuries after the demise of Chaitanya, Bhoktibedantoshami Prabhupada made Bengal's Vaishnavism a factor of Krishna consciosuness all over the world. There are many bhajans (devotional prayers to Bhagoban, Supreme Personality of Krishno, and his devotees), which are written in Bengali language.
Islam first arrived in Bengal during the 8th century AD. Bengal first came under Muslim rule during the early 13th century and remained so till the beginning of British rule in the mid 18th century.
Literature.
The Bengali language boasts a rich literary heritage. Bengal has a long tradition in folk literature, evidenced by the "Chorjapodo", "Mongolkabbo", "Shrikrishno Kirton Kobbo", "Moimonshingho Gitika", "Thakurmar Jhuli", and stories related to Gopal Bhar. Bengali literature in the medieval age was often either religious (e.g. Chondidash), or adaptations from other languages (e.g. Alaol). In the nineteenth and twentieth century, Bengali literature was modernized in the works of authors such as Bongkim Chondro Choţţopaddhae, Michael Modhushudon Dotto, Rabindranath Tagore, Kazi Nazrul Islam and Shorot Chondro Choţţopaddhae. Bengali culture took a revolutionary turn with the advent of about 30 writers, poets, dramatists and artists in 1960s who were called as the Hungryalists.
Music.
The Baul tradition is a unique heritage of Bengali folk music, which has also been influenced by regional music traditions. Other folk music forms include Gombhira, Bhatiali and Bhawaiya. Folk music in Bengal is often accompanied by the ektara, a one-stringed instrument. Other instruments include the dotara, dhol, bamboo flute, and tabla. The region also has an active heritage in North Indian classical music. Gurushodoy Dotto did a lot for the revival of folk art and folk dances of Bengal in the early twentieth century.
Robindro Shonggit, songs by Rabindranath Tagore, use Indian classical music and traditional folk-music as sources. In Bengali cultural life they have a strong influence. Nazrul Geeti, songs by Kazi Nazrul Islam, are also of great significance in Bengali culture.
Food.
Rice and fish are traditional Bengali staple diet, leading to a saying that in Bengali, "machhe bhate bangali", that translates as "fish and rice make a Bengali". Meat production has increased significantly in recent years. Bengalis make distinctive sweetmeats from milk products, including "rôshogolla", "Chomchom"(Bengali:চমচম), "kalojam"(Bengali:কালোজাম) and several kinds of "Pithe"(Bengali:পিঠে). Bengal's vast repertoire of fish-based dishes includes ilish preparations, a favorite among Bengalis.ros Malay. 
In case of food bengali are called them foodie or 'Bhojon Roshik' (Bengali: ভোজণ রসিক).
Attire.
Bengali women commonly wear the "shari", often distinctly designed according to local cultural customs. In urban areas, many women and men wear Western-style attire. Men also wear traditional costumes such as the "panjabi" with "dhuti". As time goes by the lungi, a variant of the sarong, has replaced the "dhuti", and now lungi is widely worn by Bangladeshi men.
Festivals.
The two Eids, Eid ul-Fitr and Eid ul-Adha are the largest festivals in Bangladesh. Durga Puja in October is the most popular festival in the West Bengal. Pohela Boishakh (the Bengali New Year), Roth jatra, Dol jatra or Bashonto Utshob, Nobanno, "Poush porbon" (festival of Poush), Kali puja, Lokshmi puja are other major festivals.
Wedding.
Bengali wedding includes many rituals and ceremonies that can span several days. Although Muslim and Hindu marriages have their distinctive religious rituals, there are many common Bengali rituals in weddings across both West Bengal and Bangladesh. Main rituals include Gaye Holud (lit. "yellowing the body"), the wedding ceremony, and the reception (Bodhu Boron and Bou Bhat or Walima).
Cinema and media.
Bengali cinema is made both in Kolkata and Dhaka. Mainstream Hindi films of Bollywood are also quite popular in West Bengal and Bangladesh. The Bengali film industry is also known for art films. Its long tradition of filmmaking has produced acclaimed directors like Satyajit Ray, Zahir Raihan, Khan Ataur Rahman, Mrinal Sen and Ritwik Ghatak. Contemporary directors include Buddhadev Dasgupta, Goutam Ghose, Aparna Sen, Tanvir Mokammel, Tarek Masud and Rituparno Ghosh. Around 200 dailies are published in Bangladesh, along with more than 1800 periodicals. However, regular readership is low, about 15% of the population. West Bengal had 559 published newspapers in 2005, of which 430 were in Bengali. "Ananda Bazar Patrika", published from Kolkata with 1,130,167 daily copies, has the largest circulation for a single-edition, regional language newspaper in India.
Sports.
Cricket and football are popular sports in the Bengal region. Dhaka and Chittagong are home to some of the most renowned football clubs in South Asia and are prominent venues for international cricket. Kolkata is one of the major centers for football in India. Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim, Mashrafe Bin Mortaza, Tamim Iqbal from Bangladesh and Sourav Ganguly from West Bengal are internationally known cricketers. Local games include sports such as Kho Kho and Kabaddi, the latter being the national sport of Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="9824658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824658" title="Things That Go Bump">
Things That Go Bump

Things That Go Bump may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9824724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824724" title="John Arthur Barry">
John Arthur Barry

John Arthur Barry (1850 – 23 September 1911) was a journalist and author.
Barry was born in Torquay, Devonshire, England, in 1850. His parents died when he was young, and he went to sea at 13 after persuading his guardian and was in the merchant service for 12 years.
Leaving with a first mate's certificate, Barry came to Australia in the 1870s, and after working in Queensland at the gold diggings, spent some years as a drover, boundary rider and station manager. He returned to shipboard life around 1877 along the east coast of Australia for about two years. Then he returned to the land as an overseer and station manager. He began writing for the press and contributed stories to the "Australasian", "The Sydney Mail", "The Queenslander", the "Town and Country Journal", the "Pall Mall Gazette", and others. In 1893 he spent a holiday in England and published a collection of his stories, "Steve Brown's Bunyip and other Stories". He had become acquainted with Rudyard Kipling who wrote an introductory poem for the volume.
Barry returned to Australia after about six months in England and joined the staff of the "Sydney Evening News", another collection of his stories was published, "In the Great Deep: Tales of the Sea" (1896). This was followed by two novels, "The Luck of the Native Born" (1898), and "A Son of the Sea" (1899). Three collections of short stories followed, "Against the Tides of Fate" (1899), "Red Lion and Blue Star" (1902), and "Sea Yarns" (1910). "South Sea Shipmates", a sea story, was published posthumously in 1914. Barry died in Sydney on 23 September 1911 of chronic myocarditis.

</doc>
<doc id="9824726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824726" title="Makoto Naruse">
Makoto Naruse

, better known by the stage name , is a Japanese voice actor affiliated with Kenyuu Office.

</doc>
<doc id="9824751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824751" title="Zaid Bin Sabit">
Zaid Bin Sabit

Zaid bin Sabit, one of the closest companions of Muhammad. His most notable service to Islam came when he headed the committee that compiled the Quran during the rule of Usman, the third Caliph.

</doc>
<doc id="9824759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9824759" title="Deux-Montagnes (provincial electoral district)">
Deux-Montagnes (provincial electoral district)

Deux-Montagnes is a provincial electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It consists of the cities of Deux-Montagnes and Saint-Eustache.
It was created for the 1867 election (and an electoral district of that name existed earlier in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada).
Electoral results.
^ Change is from redistributed results. CAQ change is from ADQ.
QS vote compared to UFP vote 2003

</doc>
