<doc id="9890807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890807" title="Holland's Next Top Model (cycle 2)">
Holland's Next Top Model (cycle 2)

""'Holland's Next Top Model (retroactively Holland's Next Top Model Cycle 2) features a dynamic reality show format—in that the viewers not only witness an intense competition to find a top model but also the impact of the competition on and day-to-day lives of a diverse group of contestants. 
Episode Summary.
The Models Go Topless.
The season premiere starts of with auditions. And the pool of girls is reduced to 12. As the girls have a busy week they move into a penthouse in Amsterdam and do a topless jeans photo shoot for Vero Moda. 
During elimination The judges found Bengu and Bodil's shot to be breathtaking. Yfke and the panel question Gioia's potential. She ends up into the bottom two with Sabrina, who did not shine at the photo shoot. Gioia is sent home.
The Models Became Marilyn Monroe.
In this episode the girls get fashion awareness training with Bastiaan van Schaijk and Angelique Westerhog of the Mercedes Dutch Fashion Foundation. They learn the girls everything about designers, the girls has to dress in their own inspire in the style of a few designers and in the end Sandra won the reward.
After that, the girls get their big make-over, the twins both got a hippie-inspired look and another girl got short red hair. Sandra wasn't glad about the idea of getting her punk-inspired look. 
The next day there is a Marilyn Monroe shoot at the frigate warship in Den Helder, the girls are dressed up in beautiful clothing of Percy in red and pink colors, Loïs is not ok with her outfit for her shoot and other girls are having trouble with the icy wind. After the shoot Yfke comes to the penthouse for giving answers for the questions of the girls.
During elimination, River delivered a good shot, so did Kim and Christa. Sharmyla and Maan were in the bottom two, Maan because of her bad picture at the photo shoot and the panel doesn't believe anymore in her instead of Yfke. But Sharmyla was sent home due to her bad picture at the photo shoot and "lack of persona".
The Model Who Walks In A Couture Dress.
The girls are getting catwalk lessons by Judge and coach Mariana Verkerk, who teaches them the basics of walking the catwalk. Bodil and Kim who did the best job won the grand prize to the Paris Fashion Couture Week show of South African designer Gavin Rajah, but the two girls discover after going to see Gavin Rajah that they only have place for one girl, so after a discussion and walks by Bodil and Kim, Gavin Rajah decided to pick Bodil for the show. When Bodil is getting her make-up done and gets dressed, Kim goes shopping in Paris with her guide and judge Rosalie van Breemen.
Meanwhile in Holland there is a photo shoot for the other 8 girls, they have to jump on a trampoline and have to look dreamy in the air. Maan and Bengü do not get it. After the shoot Ruud van der Peijl takes the girls to the Kick Off of the Amsterdam Fashion Week. In Paris Bodil walks the show. Back in Holland Bodil and Kim meet the other girls again and they hear that they are exempted for elimination.
During panel the judges like Loïs, River and Sabrina's shots. All the judges except Yfke lost their complete faith in Maan. Bengü ends up in the bottom two as well due her lack of energy. Yfke reveals none of their pictures and they both get send home despite Bengü having a good portfolio.
The Model That Stood Up For Herself.
In this episode the girls woke up in the early morning to learn some discipline at the Constabulary OC. The whole day they are getting trained. At the end of the day a mental coach tells the girls how they have to live with critics. The challenge ends up into an emotional happening for Tanimara. The winner of the week challenge at the Constabulary is Sabrina and picks a friend to enjoy the price to go to a beauty saloon with Hildo Groen, her first choice is Bodil, but Tanimara showed more emotions and need it more than Bodil does. 
At the photo shoot the girls have to show their emotions in an emotional rain shoot with photographer Paul Bellaart.
During elimination, the judges like Loïs and Bodil's photos the most. During callout, there are three girls left, but Yfke only has two photos in her hands and those represent Christa due to her "lack of persona" and Kim due to her photos, which are too sexy. But Tanimara was sent home due to her photo, which doesn't show much emotion as Tanimara already showed.
The Model Who Has A Crush.
The girls got an opportunity to star in a video clip by the Dutch hip-hop group R.O.O.O.M., the winner is the girl who learns to express her emotions by dancing and acting, the winner of that challenge is ... Bodil. In the city of Amsterdam she stars in the video clip.
The next day the girls meet judge Carli Hermès, who is the photographer for the photo shoot, they have to pose with a male model and have to try to seduce the guy. Kim is doing a great job while Sandra struggles with her extravagant smile and Sabrina with her body language.
During elimination Sabrina and Sandra are in the bottom two due to their bad photos, but Sandra was ultimately send home due to stress and her lack of potential to go further in the competition.
The Models Who Get Faked Out.
The girls get together with judge Rosalie van Breemen, which tells them about gossip magazines. Rosalie took a copy of 'Ici Paris' magazine with her, in which she is printed, together with contestant Kim! The picture was made in Paris where Bodil and Kim were guests a few episodes ago. The girls then perform in three casting calls for a commercial, fashion designer and movie director. Sabrina shows her worst side trying to manipulate the other girls and taking it to her advantage. Sabrina, Bodil and Christa win the prize, which is knowledge of the photo shoot the day after. The other three, Kim, Loïs and River go to the elimination room at which they find out they will be going out in town for the night. When they come home they find out the photo shoot is only three hours away. Sabrina again shows her ugly side by claiming Bodil and Christa said 'sluts' about the three girls that were away, which was claimed not true.
The shoot is a beauty shot for L'Oréal, in which the girls have to look fresh and awake. After the photo shoot the girls meet up with Yfke at Vero Moda. There they get to pick summer outfits, as they will be going to South Africa. The morning after the girls settle in a limousine, thinking they are going to the airport. But they did not know it was leading to the elimination room.
Loïs and Kim are the bottom two'ers this episode, Loïs for still having too little facial expressions, the jury does not know what to tell her to advance. Kim because she did not know her measurements, meaning she did not act as a professional topmodel. Loïs was eliminated.
The Model Who Is Also A Dragon.
The girls arrive in Cape Town. Problems already start when Sabrina takes a bigger bed than Christa & Bodil who were meant to sleep together, leading to irritations. The girls get out of bed finding a dance instructor. He takes them to a garden to practice gymnastics and expressions. The girls leave to a desert to make a film of various expressions. Some girls take it difficult by trying things they are not well at and surprise the crew with a performance. River eventually felt bad because she had to do expressions she did not pick and she felt she did a bad job. The winner of the challenge was Kim, which picked River to go along with her for a night at a honeymoon suite, the other three had to sleep in a tent in the middle of the jungle. The morning after the girls participate in a shoot with animals. River's shoot did not go well as she had to pose with rhinos, which showed signs of attack.
During elimination Bodil and River were in the bottom 2. River because she did not manage to get a usable role of film, Bodil due to her lack of passion. River was eliminated.
The Models Who Go On Their Go-sees.
The girls arrive at Gavin Rajah's shop, where they get to pick a dress suitable for a cocktail party. Sabrina and Christa flop, and Kim takes the competition by storm winning the challenge. The girls arrive on a broken highway where Mary Reynolds is to judge their walks. Bodil is the only one who gets compliments, followed by Kim, again Sabrina and Christa flop, especially Sabrina who kept her beauty queen image. The girls quickly go to their go-sees, all 4 leave good impressions. After the go-sees the girls went to a party to promote themselves and network. The photo shoot of the week is a bodypaint photo shoot as several animals. After the photo shoot the girls have to dress themselves casually and look the best they can, as they are going to a special Ice Models party being special guests.
During elimination Bodil and Sabrina are in the Bottom two. Sabrina because she still had too much beauty queen inside, Bodil because of the judges did not see progression in last episode's criticism. In the end Bodil was eliminated.
The Models Who Prepare For The Final.
The final three girls are leaving Cape Town, South Africa to go back to Holland. They will return to their homes where they can see their family and friends. Rosalie van Breemen goes visiting the girls one by one and talks with their family and friends. She asks the girls how they are going to prepare on the finale and what this means for them to have become this far. Kim reveals that she is partly deaf because she was in a horrible car accident when she was a baby. This is also the reason that she talks with an accent and sometimes speaks with wrong sentences. Sabrina shows a whole other side of her than she had shown being in the competition where she was bitchy with to much beauty queen inside. Christa tells that she never expected to get this far and it is shown that she is a dance teacher in her spare time. In the end the judges all give their opinion about each girl and they tell how they think their chances are for the finale. Next week the finale will be held for a live audience.
The Model becomes Holland's Next Top Model.
The girls finally get to show their preparation to the public in a live fashion show. The public now gets to vote for their favourite and the percentage votes will be calculated over 50 points. Each jurymember then also has 10 points to give their favourite. The girls were dressed in dresses of for instance Jan Taminiau, Mart Visser and Percy. The girls that previously left Holland's Next Top Model also come back for a runway walk, styled in clothing of Vero Moda. Various clips are shown including the "Glamour" photo shoot in the theme Summer.
Nearing the end of the program each jurymember has to write down the name of the contestant they want to win. When all envelopes are in the televoting results are shown. Kim wins the televote with an astonishing 40 points, 80 percent of the votes cast. Christa and Sabrina split the 2nd place with 5 points each. The first envelope with 10 points is from Mariana, earning Christa 10 points. Next envelope was Carli's, also earning Christa 10 points. Yfke's envelope is opened with Kim's name, meaning 50 points for Kim, no longer stoppable from the other two girls, meaning she is the winner. The votes of Rosalie and Karin were not revealed.
Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

</doc>
<doc id="9890814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890814" title="Greatest Hits (The Hooters album)">
Greatest Hits (The Hooters album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the American rock band, The Hooters released in 1992.
Background.
"Greatest Hits" contains songs from The Hooters' three albums on Columbia Records: "Nervous Night" (1985), "One Way Home" (1987) and "Zig Zag" (1989).

</doc>
<doc id="9890822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890822" title="Chilodontidae">
Chilodontidae

Chilodontidae is the taxonomic name given to two families : 

</doc>
<doc id="9890847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890847" title="Siribhachudhabhorn">
Siribhachudhabhorn

Princess Siribhachudhabhorn (; ; RTGS: Siripha Chuthaphon; Literally: "Princess Siribhachudhabhorn, the Royal Granddaughter") or commonly known as Princess Ribha (born 8 October 1982), is the eldest daughter of HRH Princess Chulabhorn and Royal Thai Air Force Flight Lieutenant Virayudh Tishyasarin (now, Air Vice Marshal).
Education.
Princess Siribhachudhabhorn received a bachelor's degree in Visual Arts from Silpakorn University.
Career.
Princess Siribhachudhabhorn is the president of Siribhachudhabhorn Volunteer Aviation Agency, specialising in conservation and evacuation, volunteering to help citizens in need from the problems of drought, flood, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9890861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890861" title="Japanese popular culture">
Japanese popular culture

Japanese popular culture not only reflects the attitudes and concerns of the present but also provides a link to the past. Japanese cinema, cuisine, television programs, anime, manga, and music all developed from older artistic and literary traditions, and many of their themes and styles of presentation can be traced to traditional art forms. Contemporary forms of popular culture, much like the traditional forms, provide not only entertainment but also an escape for the contemporary Japanese from the problems of an industrial world. When asked how they spent their leisure time, 80 percent of a sample of men and women surveyed by the government in 1986 said they averaged about two and one-half hours per weekday watching television, listening to the radio, and reading Japanese newspapers or magazines. Some 16 percent spent an average of two and one-quarter hours a day engaged in hobbies or amusements. Others spent leisure time participating in sports, socializing, and personal study. Teenagers and retired people reported spending more time on all of these activities than did other groups.
In the late 1980s, the family was the focus of leisure activities, such as excursions to parks or shopping districts. Although Japan is often thought of as a hard-working society with little time for pleasure, the Japanese seek entertainment wherever they can. It is common to see Japanese commuters riding the train to work, enjoying their favorite manga or listening through earphones to the latest in popular music on portable music players. 
A wide variety of types of popular entertainment are available. There is a large selection of music, films, and the products of a huge comic book industry, among other forms of entertainment, from which to choose. Game centers, bowling alleys, and karaoke parlors are well-known hangout places for teens while older people may play "shogi" or "go" in specialized parlors.
"Kawaii".
"Kawaii" is a Japanese term which means "cute" and "beautiful". Cuteness seems to be a highly valued aesthetic quality in Japanese society and particularly Japanese pop culture, and overpowering cuteness seems to carry less of the stigma of infantilization as it does in many other cultures. "Kawaii" is pronounced Ka-wa-ee (not to be confused with "kowai", Ko-wai, the Japanese term for "scary"). "Kawaii" can be used to describe animals and people, including fully grown adults; while attractive women are usually described as "kawaii", young men are more likely to be described as "kakkoii", Kak-ko-ee, which is "good looking" or "cool". "Kawaii" is also used to describe some men who are considered to have "cute" personalities.
Mascots.
Kawaii in Japan has been a growing trend for many Japanese markets; they have been used in school all the way to large enterprises. The use of cute childish figures representing a certain groups allows for those potentially frightened by them to have these playful mascots that represent them to create a sense of humanity between them. An example would be the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department mascot known as Pipo-kun, which is an orange-skinned, elfin creature with rabbit ears that are made to listen to the people and an antenna to stay in tune with what is happening. The use of Kawaii in public relations has been a large factor for many and will continue to be used by those who want to have an optimistic view of them.
One type of mascot in Japan that are noted for their 'Kawaii-ness' are characters known as 'yurukiyara' (or the mascots that represent their respective prefectures). Each year Japan celebrates a new winner and this year's current number one is Bari-san from Ehime prefecture. Despite this, however, his popularity pales in comparison to that of last year's champion: Kumamon (the Mon Bear) of Kumamoto prefecture. Having pulled in over 2.5 billion yen in merchandise sales across the nation this past year, he is widely adored and can be found in almost any novelty shop in Japan.
"Geinōkai".
"Geinōkai" is the world of Japanese entertainment, encompassing everything from movies and television (including talk shows, music shows, variety shows, etc.) to radio and now the Internet. "Geinōjin" is a term, often used interchangeably with "talent" (transliterated as タレント, "tarento"), which refers to members of the "Geinōkai". "Talent" refers to a rather large group of people who appear on television from night to night, but cannot be quite classified as actors, singers, or models, or comedians (and are thus given the more vague appellation of "talent" instead). Talents usually appear on variety shows or talk shows and may later move into acting or singing if they are successful.
"Manga".
The word Manga when translated directly means “whimsical drawings”. In many cases manga can be perceived as comics with unique looking characters that are usually placed in different situations of life. But they are not to be mistaken for Americanized styles comics where they depict heroes saving the day or as such, but they represent pieces of Japanese culture and history. They take parts of everyday life dealing with politics, religion, economy, family and gender, and integrate it as such into the world of manga to create their stories. Manga in itself has a long history dating back to 10th century, where depictions of animals were drawn as being part of the upper class, these scrolls would go on to be known as the Chōjū giga or “The Animal Scrolls”.
Scrolls found later on in the twelfth century would depict images of religion such as the Gaki Zoshi (Hungry Ghost Scrolls) and the Jigoku zoshi (Hell Scrolls). Both dealing with an aspect of religion, unlike “The Animal Scrolls” it provided a more instructive view instead of a comedic style.
Looking at manga from a more present perspective it can be understood that it is more than just simple drawings made for pleasure, although some are just that. It has become part of their culture and as such it has integrated every part of life into these illustrations. Originally manga began as part of the newspapers that everyone would buy every day, this would change during the Pacific War where manga in newspaper became restricted and as such manga would see a halt. After the war, during the 1950s they would see an incline in “picture card shows” which were storytelling with the use of pictures to engage the audience in the show, and the highly popular “rental manga” that would allow their readers to rent these illustrated books for a period of time.
"Anime".
Anime is a movie or episode of sorts which utilizes an animated cartoon art style to convey a story. Unlike Western cartoons, anime frequently tends to have more detailed character design. This can be used to allow for a better connection between the viewer and the character. Anime is based most of the time on animated comics or manga, which is an ancient form of comic writing which dates all the way to the 12th century.
The world of animated films in Japanese popular culture has been a growing trend since the 1920s. Influenced by Walt Disney and his animated characters, Osamu Tezuka (1925–1989), also known as "manga no kamisama" (which means, "God of Comics") would begin his forty year evolution of animation, or anime, that would change the content of Japanese comic books. With the creation of his first animated character Astroboy that was unlike any other animated character; he found the hearts of the Japanese public with a robotic boy who has spiky hair, eyes as big as fists, with rockets on his feet.
Through the decades in which anime has been created, there have been various types of genre which have been made. They include various types from mechs to sci-fi; all have their own meaning when being made and have a representation on Japanese society. Such as the anime film Howl’s Moving Castle (film) made in 2004, which entitled many anti-war themes within it and by doing so made it more influential on the Japanese community. The growth of anime over the decades has been very important culturally for Japan because anime allows for a common ground to be explored.
Anime have expanded in such a way in Japanese culture that they have been made into by products that sell toys, clothing lines, and even many have been turned into video games to allow for a broader market to be touched.
Fashion.
Japan began to emulate Western fashion during the middle of the 19th century. By the beginning of the 21st century, this emulation has formed street fashion, a fashion style in which the wearer customizes outfits by adopting a mixture of current and traditional trends. Such clothes are generally home-made with the use of material purchased at stores.
At present, there are many styles of dress in Japan, created from a mix of both local and foreign labels. Some of these styles are extreme and avant-garde, similar to the haute couture seen on European catwalks.
Though the styles have changed over the years, street fashion is still prominent in Japan today. Young adults can often be found wearing subculture attire in large urban fashion districts such as Harajuku, Ginza, Odaiba, Shinjuku and Shibuya.
Film.
The most popular Japanese films is the giant monster films ("Kaiju Eiga") of Godzilla, Gamera, and the Ultraman Series. These Kaiju films were extremely popular in the 1960s and 1970s as the Kaiju Boom of Japan.
The film studio that made the Godzilla films is Toho Company Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="9890867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890867" title="Shirasagi (train)">
Shirasagi (train)

The is a limited express train in Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West) since 1964. It runs between Nagoya and Toyama.
Rolling stock.
Services are normally operated using Kanazawa-based 683 series EMUs formed as 5-, 5+3-, or 5+3+3-car formations.
Services were originally formed of 7-car 485 series and 489 series EMUs.
History.
The "Shirasagi" service was first introduced on 25 December 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9890868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890868" title="Tire recycling">
Tire recycling

Tire recycling or rubber recycling is the process of recycling vehicles' tires (or tyres) that are no longer suitable for use on vehicles due to wear or irreparable damage (such as punctures). These tires are among the largest and most problematic sources of waste, due to the large volume produced and their durability. It is estimated that 259 million tires are discarded annually (for years in the 1980s and 1990s). 
Tire life cycle.
The tire life cycle can be identified by the following six steps:
Landfill disposal.
Tires are not desired at landfills, due to their large volumes and 75% void space, which quickly consumes valuable space. Tires can trap methane gases, causing them to become buoyant, or bubble to the surface. This ‘bubbling’ effect can damage landfill liners that have been installed to help keep landfill contaminants from polluting local surface and ground water.
Shredded tires are now being used in landfills, replacing other construction materials, for a lightweight backfill in gas venting systems, leachate collection systems, and operational liners. Shredded tire material may also be used to cap, close, or daily cover landfill sites. Scrap tires as a backfill and cover material are also more cost-effective, since tires can be shredded on-site instead of hauling in other fill materials.
Stockpiles and illegal dumping.
Tire stockpiles create a great health and safety risk. Tire fires can occur easily, burning for months, creating substantial pollution in the air and ground. Recycling helps to reduce the number of tires in storage. An additional health risk, tire piles provide harborage for vermin and a breeding ground for mosquitoes that may carry diseases. Illegal dumping of scrap tires pollutes ravines, woods, deserts, and empty lots; which has led many states to pass scrap tire regulations requiring proper management. Tire amnesty day events, in which community members can deposit a limited number of waste tires free of charge, can be funded by state scrap tire programs, helping decrease illegal dumping and improper storage of scrap tires.
Unfortunately, tyre storage and recycling are sometimes linked with illegal activities and lack of environmental awareness.
Uses.
Although tires are usually burnt, not recycled, efforts are continuing to find value. Tires can be recycled into, among other things, the hot melt asphalt, typically as crumb rubber modifier—recycled asphalt pavement (CRM—RAP), and as an aggregate in portland cement concrete Tires can also be recycled into other tires. Tires have also been cut up and used in garden beds as bark mulch to hold in the water and to prevent weeds from growing. There are some "green" buildings, both private and public that are made from old tires.
Pyrolysis can be used to reprocess the tires into fuel gas, oils, solid residue (char), and low-grade carbon black, which cannot be used in tire manufacture. A pyrolysis method which produces activated carbon and high-grade carbon black has been suggested.
Recent developments in devulcanization promise to deal with substantial volumes, taking 40 mesh whole tire crumb and converting it into what is proposed to be value-added materials. This new generation in devulcanization technologies operates with very high productivity while maintaining a low energy footprint. The compounds produced from processed tire scrap can be blended with virgin rubber compounds, maintaining performance while substantially reducing the raw material cost. The substantial economies of scale and value addition now make it possible to make burning of tires entirely unnecessary.
Tire pyrolysis.
The pyrolysis method for recycling used tires is a technique which heats whole or shredded tires in a reactor vessel containing an oxygen free atmosphere and a heat source. In the reactor the rubber is softened after which the rubber polymers continuously break down into smaller molecules. These smaller molecules eventually vaporize and exit from the reactor. These vapors can be burned directly to produce power or condensed into an oily type liquid, generally used as a fuel. Some molecules are too small to condense. They remain as a gas which can be burned as fuel. The minerals that were part of the tire, about 40% by weight, are removed as a solid. When performed well a tire pyrolysis process is a very clean operation and has nearly no emissions or waste.
The properties of the gas, liquid and solid output are determined by the type of feedstock used and the process conditions. For instance whole tires contain fibers and steel. Shredded tires have most of the steel and sometimes most of the fiber removed. Processes can be either batch or continuous. The energy required to drive the decomposition of the rubber include using directly fired fuel (like a gas oven), electrical induction (like an electrically heated oven) or by microwaves (like a microwave oven). Sometimes a catalyst is used to accelerate the decomposition. The choice of feedstock and process can impact the value of the finished products.
The historical issue of tire pyrolysis has been the solid mineral stream which accounts for about 40% of the output. The steel can be removed from the solid stream with magnets for recycling. The remaining solid material, often referred to as "char", has had little or no value other than possibly as a low grade carbon fuel. Char is the destroyed remains of the original carbon black used to reinforce and provide abrasion resistance to rubber. The solid stream also includes the minerals used in rubber manufacturing. This high volume component of tire pyrolysis, until recently, has made the economic viability very difficult to achieve. Over the past five years two or three companies have discovered ways to recover the carbon in its original form. These companies have been commercially producing and selling recovered carbon black based products that successfully supplement virgin carbon black in rubber and plastics.
Markets.
A report from 2003, cited by the EPA, says that markets ("both recycling and beneficial use") existed for 80.4% of scrap tires, about 233 million tires per year. Assuming 22.5 lbs per tire, the 2003 report predicts a total weight of about 2.62 million tons from tires.
The markets predicted by the 2003 report were: tire derived fuel (TDF) using 130 million tires, civil engineering projects using 56 million tires, ground rubber turned into molded rubber products using 18 million tires, ground rubber turned into rubber-modified asphalt using 12 million tires, Exported items using 9 million tires, cut, stamped and punched products using 6.5 million tires, and agricultural and miscellaneous uses 3 million tires.
Tire recycling supply chain.
The tire recycling supply chain is divided into three stages:
Tire-derived products stage.
Second stage of tire recycling involves the production of alternate products for sale. New products derived from waste tires generate more economic activity than combustion or other low multiplier production, while reducing waste stream without generating excessive pollution and emissions from recycling operations.
Tire-derived products.
Whole tires can be reused in many different ways, although again, most used tires are burnt for fuel value. One way is for a steel mill to use the tires as a carbon source, replacing coal or coke in steel manufacturing. Instead of mining coal from the ground and then burying tires in landfills, the tires are used directly. Tires are also bound together and used as different types of barriers such as: collision reduction, erosion control, rainwater runoff, wave action that protects piers and marshes, and sound barriers between roadways and residences. Entire homes can be built with whole tires by ramming them full of earth and covering them with concrete, known as Earthships.
Some Artificial reefs are built using tires that are bonded together in groups, there is some controversy on how effective tires are as an artificial reef system, an example is The Osborne Reef Project which has become an environmental nightmare that will cost millions of dollars to rectify.
Environmental concerns.
Due to heavy metals and other pollutants in tires there is a potential risk for the (leaching) of toxins into the groundwater when placed in wet soils. This impact on the environment varies according to the pH level and conditions of local water and soil. Research has shown that very little leaching occurs when shredded tires are used as light fill material; however, limitations have been put on use of this material; each site should be individually assessed determining if this product is appropriate for given conditions.
Ecotoxicity may be a bigger problem than first thought . Studies show that zinc, heavy metals, a host of vulcanization and rubber chemicals leach into water from tires. Shredded tire pieces leach much more, creating a bigger concern, due to the increased surface area on the shredded pieces. Many organisms are sensitive, and without dilution, contaminated tire water has been shown to kill some organisms.
Repurpose.
Aside from recycling old tires, the old tire can be put to a new use.
Old tires are sometimes converted into a swing for play. The innovative use allows for an easy way to find a purpose for an existing old tire not suitable for road use.
Used tires are also employed as exercise equipment for athletic programs such as American football. One classic conditioning drill that hones players' speed and agility is the "Tire Run" where tires are laid out side by side, with each tire on the left a few inches ahead of the tire on the right in a zigzag pattern. Athletes then run through the tire pattern by stepping in the center of each tire. The drill forces athletes to lift their feet above the ground higher than normal to avoid tripping.
Re-purposed tires can also be harnessed as an affordable alternative building material used in the framework of rammed Earth thermal mass dwellings. This is beneficial across scales of production from individually sustainable housing, to life-saving tire bale walls that have the potential to alleviate suffering from natural disasters such as tsunamis, hurricanes and tidal waves.

</doc>
<doc id="9890877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890877" title="Adityadhornkitikhun">
Adityadhornkitikhun

Princess Adityadhornkitikhun (; ; RTGS: Athityathon Kitikhun; Literally: "Princess Adityadhornkitikhun, the Royal Granddaughter") or commonly known as Princess Dita (born 6 May 1984), is the second daughter of Princess Chulabhorn and Royal Thai Air Force Flight Lieutenant Virayudh Tishyasarin (now, Air Vice Marshal).
Education.
Princess Adityadhornkitikhun received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communication Design from Mahidol University International College on 4 July 2011. Her graduating thesis titled "Redesign Packaging for Royal Chitralada Agricultural Products" was displayed at the annual Media Arts Exhibition at Bangkok Art and Culture Centre hosted by the Fine and Applied Arts division during 2–5 August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9890878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890878" title="James Martin (Australian soldier)">
James Martin (Australian soldier)

James Charles (Jim) Martin (3 January 1901 – 25 October 1915) was the youngest Australian known to have died in World War I. He was only 14 years and nine months old when he succumbed to typhoid during the Gallipoli campaign. He was one of 20 Australian soldiers under the age of 18 known to have died in World War I.
Early life.
James Martin was born to Amelia and Charles Martin on 3 January 1901 in Tocumwal, New South Wales. His father was born Charles Marks, in Auckland, New Zealand; however, after emigrating to Australia and settling in Tocumwal, he changed his name to Martin to avoid discrimination for being Jewish. Charles worked as a grocer, handyman and (horse-drawn) cab driver, while Amelia was born in Bendigo in 1876 to Thomas and Frances Park. Her parents had emigrated to Australia during the gold rush in the 1850s. The youngest of twelve children, she married Charles just before her 18th birthday. Martin's family moved to many different suburbs in and around Melbourne before finally settling in Hawthorn in 1910. He was the third of six children, and the only son. He attended Manningtree Road State School from 1910 to 1915, during which time he also received basic military training as a junior cadet under the compulsory training scheme.
World War I.
After the outbreak of World War I Martin enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force on 12 April 1915, against the wishes of his family. His parents finally agreed however when he made it clear that he would sign on under an assumed name and never write to them if they did not consent. He gave a false date of birth to the recruiting officer, claiming to be 18, when he was actually 14 years and three months. His father had earlier tried to enlist but had been rejected as being too old. Martin joined the 1st Reinforcements of the 21st Battalion as a private and trained in Broadmeadows and Seymour (later Puckapunyal) camps in Victoria before boarding HMAT "Berrima" in June 1915 to deploy to Egypt, arriving there in late July. 
In late August, following the failed August Offensive, he was sent to Gallipoli on the steamer HMT "Southland", to take part in the fighting against the Turks, which had by that time developed into a bloody stalemate. En route, "Southland" was torpedoed by a German submarine off the island of Lemnos and Martin was rescued after spending four hours in the water. After being picked up, he rejoined his battalion at Mudros Island where they were transferred to the transport ship "Abassieh" on 7 September to resume their voyage to Gallipoli. The following morning, just before 2:00 am, Martin's platoon, 4 Platoon, landed at Watson's Pier in Anzac Cove. He then served in trenches around Courtney's Post, which was positioned on the ridge overlooking Monash Valley. During this time he wrote to his family telling them that "the Turks are still about away from us" and asked them not to worry about him as "I am doing splendid over here". Throughout his time in Gallipoli, although his family were writing to him, Martin did not receive any letters from home due to a breakdown in the mail system.
As the campaign dragged on, winter approached and the weather on the Gallipoli Peninsula began to take its toll on the soldiers in the trenches. Following a period of cold temperatures and heavy rain Martin contracted enteric fever in the trenches. After suffering mild symptoms for about a fortnight during which time he refused treatment, he was subsequently evacuated to the hospital ship on 25 October 1915 after he developed diarrhoea. He died of heart failure that night, at the age of 14 and nine months, and was buried at sea the next day. At the time of his death only Martin's parents and his best friend, Cec Hogan—who was himself only 16—knew Martin's real age. Nevertheless, on 18 December 1915, Melbourne's "Herald" newspaper reported Martin's death in an article titled "Youngest Soldier Dies".
Honours and awards.
Martin was awarded the 1914–15 Star, the British War Medal, and the Victory Medal. His name is recorded on the Australian memorial at Lone Pine and on the Australian War Memorial roll of honour in Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="9890909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890909" title="Lauderdale County School District">
Lauderdale County School District

The Lauderdale County School District is a public school district based in Lauderdale County, Mississippi (USA).
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 6,528 students enrolled in the Lauderdale County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 47% female and 53% male. The racial makeup of the district was 67.97% Caucasian, 30.36% African American, 1.12% Hispanic, 0.51% Asian, and 0.05% Native American. 39.5% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9890917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890917" title="Mangamahu">
Mangamahu

The Mangamahu District is a hill-country farming and forestry community in the middle reaches of the Whangaehu River valley, 50 km north-east of Wanganui, New Zealand. It is centred on the village of Mangamahu, which is situated on river flats where the Mangamahu stream flows into the Whangaehu river. Mangamahu has a primary school (12-15 children) which has been open since 1894 and a War Memorial hall built in 1952.
The old hotel that was built in 1891 and closed in 1974 while the general store built in 1885 were closed in the late sixties. This was due to a decline in the wool and meat trades in the 1970s and improved roads meaning greater easy of travel. Some of the farms in the district have now being converted to pine plantations.
Pre-European history.
The Mangamahu river flats were formed by huge mud slides or "lahars" (c. 1200 and 1520 AD) flowing down the Whangaehu river from the crater lake of Mount Ruapehu.
The river flat on which Mangamahu School is situated is the site of an old Ngati Apa Maori camp-site named "Kohanga." This was occupied in summer by bird-snaring and eel-trapping groups from further down the Whangaehu, and also used as a way station by those travelling the trail up the ridge between the Whangaehu river and Mangamahu stream, from the fortified pa at "Manumanu" (near the mouth of the Mangawhero river) to Karioi, and then across the Rangipo Desert and Lake Taupo to the Waikato and Rotorua.
Kohanga and Manumanu were destroyed during the musket wars in 1840 and 1843, and most of the surviving inhabitants of the upper valley moved west to Parikino on the Wanganui River.
1872, European settlement.
British colonists began buying the land in the 1870s. James MacDonald was the first white settler, introducing sheep to his clearing in the bush at 'Glenaladale' in 1872. His wife joined him there in 1875.
During the 1880s the old Maori trail through Mangamahu was developed into a bench track for pack horses (Hales Track). It followed the Whangaehu river flats to the Mangamahu Stream, then went up the northern ridgeline of the Mangamahu Stream to Bald Hill, and on to Karioi. It gave settlers access to the nearer forest-covered hills of the area, (now Ruakiwi, Inzevar, Aranui and Mt View farms) and enabled packhorses to bring wool from sheep grazing on the high back-country tussock lands at Ngamatatea and Waiouru. From Waiouru the trail went on to Moawhango and then to Napier.
In 1879 Arthur Ellis and Allan Robinson bought 140 hectares on the site of the present Mangamahu village. To assist the many settlers and labourers moving up and down Hales Track, they developed a supply store to which a post office was attached in 1889. Then in 1891 they built an accommodation house, and by 1894 this was a licensed 12-bedroom hotel. A blacksmith's shop and saddlery were added and served customers as far away as Taihape and Raetihi.
1891, The Ridge Road.
In 1891, work began on widening Hales Track into a wagon road, The Ridge Road. From 1894 to 1908, Mangamahu village was a busy district supply centre with wagons moving up the Ridge Road to farms and railway construction sites in the central high country as far away as Ngamatapouri and the Waimarino, and with travellers going across the island from Wanganui to Napier.
The tracks and roads in the hills behind the village were still very difficult to negotiate and Royal Mail contractor Annie Shaw (Barb Wire Annie) became a well known for her grit in getting her pack-horses delivering the mail across the hills in the winter mud from 1904 to 1910.
Then in 1908 the Main Trunk Railway line through the centre of the island was completed and Mangamahu's importance as a transport hub greatly shrunk. The Ridge Road was closed in 1922.
1901, Merv Addenbrooke.
Merv Addenbrooke was born at Mangamahu in 1901. He worked as a bushman/fencer/shearer on local farms there until 1930. Merv's 1991 autobiography "Home from the Hill" (in NZ public libraries and also online) has detailed anecdotes about his childhood and farm-working days in Mangamahu between 1905 to 1930. In 1930 Merv married and moved to a dairy farm at Putaruru. He died in 1993.
1945, a close-knit community.
It had a school (with 12 pupils), general store/post office, a hotel, a bus and taxi service, a general carrier and a timber mill. In the surrounding district there were farmers, shepherds, fencers, roadmen, bridge builders, itinerant shearers and scrub-cutters. In the 1940s, most of the scrub-cutters were middle-aged Catholic men who could not get a divorce, and who wanted to disappear from sight. But by 1948, the first Fijian Indians scrub-cutters had arrived.
The dusty corrugated gravel road to Wanganui was a boneshaking one hour journey while the River Road, from Mangamahu to Mount View, was narrow and winding with steep bluffs and many slips in winter. Not many people had cars, and gathering at the Mangamahu store each evening at 5pm to meet Tommy Thompson's bus was an important social gathering.
There were many sporting activities, especially rugby, golf and pony club, but also tennis, cricket and badminton. The rifle shooting club that had flourished in the 1920s and 1930s had died out, but pig hunting was still popular.
The Tangiwai disaster greatly affected Mangamahu during the Christmas week of 1953. A lahar down the Whangaehu river from the Mt Ruapehu crater lake reached Mangamahu at 7am on Christmas morning. Wreckage of a passenger train and dozens of bodies were in the muddy flow. Over the next four weeks, local settlers recovered the bodies of about sixty victims from out of the river gorges near Mangamahu.
1955, super-men.
In 1951 the first topdressing planes arrived, spreading super-phosphate to make more grass grow on the steep hills of the sheep-farms. Not much fertilizer at first, but by 1960 the local carrier was carting 2000 tonne a year to the various airstrips in the district. The topdressing enabled much more wool and sheep-meat to be produced, and Mangamahu bard John Archer describes the unexpected social consequences. 
In 1973 the price of oil skyrocketed, and this was followed by a reform government that abolished farm subsidies that had encouraged farmers to produce more than the market could absorb. Sheep farming became uneconomic on the more marginal dissected slip-prone hills in the middle of the valley, and "Queen Street farmers", investors from Auckland, bought up thousands of hectares to plant pine plantations. The pine trees greatly reduced erosion of the soft soil forming the steep hills in the Mangamahu valleys. 
1980, Kaplan's sociology survey.
Massey University lecturer Paul Kaplan interviewed every person in Mangamahu to find out how social conditions affected farm production. Two findings of his made the national news. He discovered that when Mangamahu farmers reached the age of about 52, they upgraded their farmhouse kitchens and then sat in them all winter, instead of getting out onto the hills and increasing production.
So to maintain productivity, said Kaplan, the farmer's oldest son needed to be married by the age of 26. The farmer could then trust his son with 'the chequebook,' and the energetic young man would spend the winter on the hill-tops improving the land.
1989, "Came a Hot Friday".
This comedy about two 1949 con-men had some woolshed and river scenes filmed at Mangamahu. A suspension bridge was specially built over the Whangaehu River at Tokorangi farm for a car crash at the end of the film.
2009, Logging problems.
After the downturn in 1973, former sheep paddocks began to be planted in pines, and a corresponding decline in the output of fat lambs, wethers, wool and cattle from the valley. By the 1990s, huge numbers of pine trees had been planted. Consequently there were fewer heavy truck-and-trailer journeys on the valley roads, and road-maintenance costs were low. But Pinus radiata takes only 25 years to grow to a loggable size in New Zealand, and by 2009 thousands of tonnes of pine awaited removal on the valley's sub-standard roads.
2013, a rotting old bridge.
On 28 June 2013, the Wanganui Chronicle reported that Wyley's Bridge, the main access to Mangamahu, needed urgent repairs so trucks could keep using it until a new bridge was built. Inferior timber had been used when the wood and wire-rope suspension bridge was built in 1957, and the bridge transoms were now rotting. Repairs were started a week later.
15 to 20 million dollars of agricultural product are produced in the valley each year. This consists of nearly 5000 cattle, more than 100,000 sheep, 500 tonne of wool, 600 tonne of kiwifruit, 1000 tonne of maize and a small number of deer. An average of 2000 tonne of fertilizer was carried into the valley each year.

</doc>
<doc id="9890927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890927" title="Spiral Staircase – Classic Songs">
Spiral Staircase – Classic Songs

Spiral Staircase – Classic Songs is a double CD compilation of tracks from Ralph McTell's early Transatlantic LPs "Eight Frames a Second", "Spiral Staircase", "My Side of Your Window" and "Revisited". It was released in 1997.
Track listing.
All titles by Ralph McTell except where stated.
Disc 1 
Disc 2 
Note. Titles marked '1' are from the original albums; those marked '2' are re-mixes from "Revisited".

</doc>
<doc id="9890942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890942" title="Battle of Storkyro">
Battle of Storkyro

The Battle of Storkyro was fought on February 19, 1714 (O.S.) / March 2, 1714 (N.S.) near the village of Napo () in Storkyro parish (), Ostrobothnia, Swedish Empire (present day Finland) between a Swedish and a Russian army, as part of the Great Northern War. 
The Swedish force, consisting almost entirely of Finnish troops, was destroyed by the numerically superior Russian force. As a result, all of Finland сame under Russian military occupation for the rest of the war, a period of hardship known in Finland as the Greater Wrath.
Prelude.
By 1703 Russian forces had reached the inner parts of the Gulf of Finland, and founded the city of Saint Petersburg. Since the Swedish main army was engaged in Poland and later in Russia, Sweden was hard pressed to defend its Baltic territories. After the battle of Poltava, Russia took all of Livonia, Estonia and Ingria, as well as the counties of Viborg, Savonlinna and Kexholm. 
When Charles XII of Sweden refused to enter peace negotiations, Denmark and Russia drew up plans with the purpose to threaten Stockholm. Two attack routes were considered: one through southern Sweden and the other through Finland and the Åland islands. The southern attack was deemed more important, but the attack on Finland was to be carried out in order to tie down as much of the remaining Swedish army as possible there. However, the attack from the south was successfully fended off by Magnus Stenbock's victory at Helsingborg in 1710.
The Russian attack on Finland never developed as planned. Since Peter the Great was engaged in a war against Turkey, the resulting lack of soldiers forced him to postpone the conquest of Åbo. Initial Russian actions in Finland consisted of raids and reconnaissance operations, with the purpose of occupying southeastern Finland and devastating it in order to deny Swedish forces a base of operations against the Russian-controlled areas around Saint Petersburg.
Significant Russian military action in Finland began in 1713, after logistical problems caused the failure of an initial foray the previous year. Already in May, Peter and his galley fleet were seen off Helsingfors, and during the summer all of southern Finland was occupied by Russian troops. The Swedish forces under general Georg Henrik Lybecker retreated inland. Before returning to Russia, Peter commanded Fyodor Apraksin, the commander of the Imperial Navy to attack the Swedish army during the winter.
General Carl Gustaf Armfeldt was given command over the troops in Finland in August 1713. He faced a hopeless task; Lybecker had left him with a neglected, starving, destitute army. Reconnaissance wasn't possible because the cavalry was too worn out to carry out its duties. When the Russian general, Mikhail Golitsyn, marched into Ostrobothnia in the beginning of February 1714, Armfeldt placed his forces in a defensive position by the village of Napo, east of Vasa. A council of war was held on 16 February, where Armfeldt was determined to commit to stay and give battle. A fatalist air hung over the Swedish army - weakened from the ravages of winter, a superior army was approaching, and all hopes of reinforcements were gone.
The battle.
The Russians approached Napo from the east, initially along the frozen Kyrö River. When they were in sight, but out of gunfire reach of the Swedish forces, the right wing of the cavalry and the infantry veered north. Instead of forming up parallel to the Swedish forces, Golitsyn intended to attack the Swedish left flank. Either through promise of payment or force, Goltisyn had a farmer lead the Russian army through the frozen marshy forest north of the river. In this way, the Russian army obtained a very advantageous initial position to attack the Swedish left.
The Russian movements were observed by Armfeldt and his officers. Cossacks and dragoons arrived in the morning, while the main force deployed in the afternoon. As the battle would break out in any moment, Armfeldt rode along the Swedish line and exhorted his soldiers to fight for king and country. How this was received by the doomed troops is unknown, but Armfeldt's own account states that they soldiers "showed incredible bravery, and loyalty unto death, and on their knees and with streaming eyes asked God for help." 
Armfelt realized something was amiss when only a small cavalry force continued approaching along the frozen river, while the rest of the enemy force disappeared to the north. Realizing too late the implications of this, he commanded the Swedish line to redeploy northwards to better respond to the threat. He then ordered a pre-emptive attack. The Swedish right wing had initially great successes, mauling the Russian left with grapeshot, while the infantry fired their single volley and then threw themselves at the enemy in a bayonet charge. The Russian left flank hadn't fully arrayed itself and was disordered at the time of the Swedish attack. However, despite the initial Swedish success, the Russian position was stabilized thanks in great part to its numerical superiority.
The Russian right flank was better organized and repelled the Swedish attack. The Swedish cavalry was immobilized, circumvented, and cut down by Russian dragoons and cossacks, and the left flank collapsed slowly in desperate fighting. Armfeldt tried to relieve his encircled left flank but Golitsyn now committed his forces against the Swedish center and right flank, and while the left flank was ground down, the Swedish infantry dissolved in panic.
Aftermath.
The battle ended with the destruction of the Swedish army in Finland, with almost 2,500 casualties. Many of them bled or froze to death in the night following the battle; bodies were left lying in the battlefield for weeks. The Russian casualties were also severe: as many as 2,000 wounded or killed. The majority of the Russian dead were buried in the Storkyro church graveyard.
Strategically, the victory at Storkyro allowed the Russians to control all of Finland the following years; Sweden was too weak to prevent this. The parallel successes of the Russian galley fleet in the Turku archipelago allowed the it fleet to support and supply the army's land operations. This was important, as foraging was insufficient to sustain the Russian army.

</doc>
<doc id="9890953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890953" title="AmBAR">
AmBAR

The American Business Association of Russian-Speaking Professionals (AmBAR) is a non-profit organization founded to support the Russian-speaking professional community in the United States. The organization's headquarters is located in Palo Alto, California.
History.
The AmBAR was founded in 2002 by a group of experienced technology entrepreneurs and business professionals from the Silicon Valley companies and venture capital firms such as Sun Microsystems, Intel Capital, and Draper Fisher Jurvetson.
Membership.
In November 2011, AmBAR group on LinkedIn counted over 2000 members. People who associate themselves with AmBAR are entrepreneurs, engineers, marketers, lawyers, finance specialists, venture capitalists, angel investors, as well as representatives of many other fields.
AmBAR is the organizer of the Silicon Valley Open Doors (SVOD) technology investment conference which takes place annually in Silicon Valley (California, USA). During the seven years of its existence, SVOD provided boost in professional and business contacts to hundreds of startup ventures founded by Russian-speaking entrepreneurs and attracted prominent speakers from the Silicon Valley high tech community. 
Programs.
AmBAR runs a range of events and programs that facilitate interaction and communication among and between the US and Russian (or, more broadly, Russian-speaking) business and professional communities. These activities are often organized in partnership with well-known organizations. In October 2010, AmBAR partnered with the Center for Russian, East European and Eurasian Studies of Stanford University (CREEES) to hold a panel discussion “What’s the Secret of Silicon Valley and How Can It Be Replicated in Russia”, whose guest speaker was Viktor Vekselberg, the President of the Skolkovo Foundation. 
With the Russian Corporation of Nanotechnologies (Rusnano), AmBAR organized the Silicon Valley's First Venture Capital Trip to Russia.
"A Russian state-backed fund for investment in nanotechnology, Rusnano, organized the trip with AmBar, a trade group for Russian-speaking professionals in the San Francisco Bay Area.<...> Rusnano’s director, Anatoly Chubais, one of the architects of Russia’s immediate post-Soviet privatization, who has now joined the effort to diversify, said in a statement that the goal of the visit was to “bring together the country’s most promising innovative projects with the world’s smartest money.” 
All events took place in Moscow on May 25-27, 2010. Most of participating VC firms are ranked within TOP 50 of all venture firms, with total amount of capital under management exceeding $50 billion. On May 25th, the delegates met with the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
AmBAR organized a meeting between Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and the Russian compatriots working in the San Francisco Bay Area. The meeting took place during Medvedev's June 2010 visit to Silicon Valley, in a cafe in Palo Alto. The exchange of opinions between AmBAR members and Medvedev went on for about two hours. The transcript of the meeting is available from the President's press service in both Russian and English. The discussion focused on the question "How could Russia reproduce the start-up and venture-capital culture of Silicon Valley?". 

</doc>
<doc id="9890962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890962" title="The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach">
The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach

The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach () is a 1968 film by the French filmmaking duo of Jean-Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet. It was their first full-length feature film, and reportedly took a decade to finance. The film stars renowned harpsichordist Gustav Leonhardt as Johann Sebastian Bach and Christiane Lang as Anna Magdalena Bach. The orchestral music was performed by Concentus Musicus and conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt. It is the first of several Straub-Huillet films to be based on works of classical music. The film was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival.
Though, as on all of their films, Straub and Huillet contributed to the film equally, Straub is the officially credited director. Despite its austere, rigorous style, it is considered to be Straub and Huillet's most "mainstream" film. , it is the only one available on DVD in the United States.
Style and content.
"The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach" consists of excerpts from Johann Sebastian Bach's works, presented in chronological order and linked by a fictional journal written by his second wife, Anna Magdalena Bach. Each work is typically presented in a single, often immobile take, with the musicians performing in the locations where many of the works were premiered, dressed in period costumes.
Works featured.
Works excerpted in the film, in order of appearance, are:

</doc>
<doc id="9890966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890966" title="Hits (Mike + The Mechanics album)">
Hits (Mike + The Mechanics album)

Hits is a compilation album by Mike + The Mechanics, released in 1996 except in the USA and Canada, where it was released in 2005. It contains nearly all of the band's hits up to the time of its release, omitting only "All I Need is a Miracle" (the 1996 remake of the song, which was also a hit, is included instead) and the minor hit "Seeing is Believing".
Reception.
Allmusic's brief retrospective review declared that "Hits is a first-rate compilation, giving the casual fan all of the essential Mike + the Mechanics tracks".

</doc>
<doc id="9890969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890969" title="Bastard brothers">
Bastard brothers

John (ca 1688–1770) and William Bastard (ca 1689–1766) were British surveyor-architects, and civic dignitaries of the town of Blandford Forum in Dorset. John and William generally worked together and are known as the "Bastard brothers". They were builders, furniture makers, ecclesiastical carvers and experts at plasterwork, but are most notable for their rebuilding work at Blandford Forum following a large fire of 1731, and for work in the neighbourhood that Colvin describes as "mostly designed in a vernacular baroque style of considerable merit though of no great sophistication.". Their work was chiefly inspired by the buildings of Wren, Archer and Gibbs. Thus the Bastards' architecture was retrospective and did not follow the ideals of the more austere Palladianism which by the 1730s was highly popular in England.
The brothers, the sons of Thomas Bastard (died 1720), a joiner and architect, the founder of a family firm of provincial architects in the area. However little remains today of the works of the brothers' ancestors, chiefly as the result of the 1731 fire and a previous fire in the town in 1713.
Rebuilding of Blandford.
On 4 June 1731 a fire destroyed the greater part of Blandford. John Bastard worked as a fire assessor before and after this fire, and a book survives in Dorset History Centre in which he detailed assessments from fires at Sturminster Newton Castle (1730), Affpuddle (1741), Beaminster (1741), Puddletown (1753) and Wareham (1762). The inventory for the fire at Blandford shows the losses of everyone in the town including the Corporation of the Borough of Blandford and the church. Bastard and Co. were the largest private losers.
The Blandford fire, which swept away the heart of a town that had evolved in a haphazard way from the medieval period, presented an opportunity for more regular redevelopment in the classical styles. However, with the exception of a widening the original market square, the fashionable Baroque style of town planning was ignored and the town was rebuilt on its former medieval street plan.
The first building to be completed in Blandford was the grandiose town hall, finished in 1734. Constructed, like much of their work, in the local Portland stone, the building is architecturally of interest because of its idiosyncrasies of style. While at first glance appearing to be a typical example of the Palladian style popular at the time, this is not truly the case. The ground floor is an open arcade of three segmented arches more typical of Renaissance Dutch and English market halls. The upper floor however, is in the highest Palladian tradition, as exemplified by Inigo Jones in his Banqueting House at Whitehall, the windows alternating with segmental and pointed pediments. The whole of the facade is surmounted by a uniting pediment, with a circular window at its centre. The design of the facade seems incomplete, as though flanking wings are missing. The provincial design of the building is again emphasised by the placement of three covered urns on the pediment redolent of the Baroque style which by the 1730s had already passed from its brief period of high fashion in England. The pediment appears heavy and lacks support from the pilasters which more urbane architects would have placed at either end of the facade.
The Town Hall, designed to provide a central feature to a row of houses, is typical of the work of the Bastard brothers, from which they were to make their fortune. They became entrepreneurs and local politicians. Other works by the Bastards in the town include the Church of St. Peter and St. Paul, built between 1733 and 1739; the market place around the town hall, designed in the classical style but not uniform; the Greyhound Inn (1734–35; now a bank), which was their own property; a terrace of almshouses; and many large private houses with classical facades, notably Spetisbury and Coupar House.
The rebuilding of the town was officially completed in 1760–a feat commemorated by a memorial in the form of a portico to the church, known as the Fire Monument. Pevsner describes this memorial as a ""detailed tabernacle with Doric columns"". This was designed and paid for by John Bastard, who had it engraved, somewhat immodestly, with the inscription ""in grateful Acknowledgement of the Divine Mercy, that has raised this Town, like a phoenix from its ashes, to its present beautiful and flourishing State"." However, the monument also has a more practical use, built above a piped spring: should a fire break out again it would supply a head of water for the attachment of fire hoses. The monument was converted into a drinking fountain in 1899.
The Bastards' House.
At the time of the 1731 fire the bachelor brothers John and William occupied a house in Blandford Forum that belonged to the Trustees of the William Williams charity. The Bastards had extensive workshops and premises at the rear of this building. After the fire they rebuilt the house at their own expense in exchange for the grant of a long lease of the premises from the Williams charity. The room known as the Bastards' Study or the Mezzanine Room was ornately decorated, unlike the rest of the house, and served as a showroom for their skills in plasterwork, woodwork and interior decoration.
This room is open to the public on one day a year, the day of the annual Blandford Forum Georgian Fayre, held on the first Monday in May. For the rest of the year, the room is used as a storeroom for Age Concern's charity shop which leases part of the Grade I listed property.
Other works by John and William Bastard.
The Bastard brothers worked in the outmoded Baroque seems to have been through preference rather than ignorance. When working on formal civic buildings they invariably attempted to designed in the more modern Palladian mode, Blandford's town hall exemplifies this. However, when given the freedom of choice over design then they appear to follow the more flowing and curvaceous Baroque. John Bastard's own house, and the "Red Lion" public house both in Blandford are both in the Baroque style, with broken pediments and capitals inspired by those of Borromini rather than those of Palladio. The lack of accurate record keeping at the time has necessitated in many cases attribution to the brothers rather than complete credit.
Outside Blandford, the Bastards were responsible for joiner's and carver's work in Hazlegrove House, Somerset and at Lulworth Castle, Dorset (destroyed by fire in 1929). John Bastard was employed, with the master-mason Francis Cartwright, to rebuild Crichel House, Dorset, for Sir William Napier.
The church of St. Mary at Charlton Marshall is attributed the brothers. The church which was built in 1713 has a distinctive tower topped by four obelisk pinnacles. Charlton Marshall was the home of the Horlock-Bastard family, where they had been country gentlemen since the time of the brother' s grandfather Thomas Bastard. Thus the interior of the church contains memorials to members of the Bastard family, including a sculpture dedicated Thomas Bastard who died in 1791 which depicts a putto standing by an urn. The early 18th century nave of the Church of St Mary at Almer in Dorset is attributed to them as Stepleton House at Iwerne Stepleton, and the church of St. Giles in Wimborne St Giles was rebuilt by the brothers in 1732.
In Poole, a Grade I listed mansion house built in 1746 for the wealthy 18th century merchant Sir Peter Thompson, is attributed to John Bastard. This three storied brick and stuccoed house designed on an "H" plan is designed in a confused Palladian style, the fenestration making the facade crowded. It is now used as offices by private businesses.
John Bastard rebuilt Crichel House for Sir William Napier after a fire in 1742, and the brothers' nephews and heirs, Thomas, Benjamin and James, collaborated to enlarge the shell of Crichel House in 1771–73; the new interiors were designed by James Wyatt.
There is a wall monument with a pediment to Benjamin and Thomas Bastard, dated 1772, on the external face of the north wall of the parish church of St Mary Magdalene, Castleton, Sherborne in Dorset. The inscription has weathered away. Inside the nave, on the north wall of the north aisle is a monument to Elizabeth Bastard (née Prankerd), wife of Benjamin Bastard, 1732-3, and their son Benjamin. This is a marble wall monument with side-scrolls, pediment, urn and cherub's head.
Other members of the Bastard family were masons in Dorset and as far afield as London and the Dashwood mausoleum at West Wycombe. There are no records of any member of the Bastard family practising as architects after the first quarter of the 19th century
Evaluation.
While the Bastards worked in a provincial style this should not detract from a positive evaluation of their work. Pevsner describes the Bastards works at Blandford as providing ""One of the most satisfying Georgian ensembles anywhere in England"". Such architectural naivety as can be found in some of the Bastards' works is visible in small country towns the length and breadth of Britain and exemplify the spread of evolving architectural genres from the cities. Their work is typical of the architecture which gives character and distinction and an idiosyncratic charm to many of Britain's provincial areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9890979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890979" title="Mattias Claesson">
Mattias Claesson

Mattias Claesson (born 26 July 1986) is a Swedish middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres. 
He finished fourth in 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships, with teammates Joni Jaako, Johan Wissman and Andreas Mokdasi. In the 800 metres distance he won the 2005 European Junior Championships and finished fifth at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships.
His personal best time is 1:46.46 minutes, achieved in June 2006 in Karlskrona.

</doc>
<doc id="9890981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890981" title="Cat Stones">
Cat Stones

The Cat Stones is the name of an archaeological site situated on Rishworth moor in the county of West Yorkshire, near to the peak of Dog Hill. The moor, an area of outstanding natural beauty and home to many rare animals, houses the site of a series of ancient round barrow burial sites. The largest of these barrows, barrow no.1, contains two large upright stones which create what would have been a small window into the chamber from the north-east. Barrows of this kind are usually assumed to date from the neolithic or bronze age period. 
The word 'Cat' probably has little to do with the English word and is more likely related to the modern Welsh 'Cad' meaning 'battle'. It could therefore be the case that the larger of the burial chambers was erected for the purpose of burying someone of some importance who had died in battle there. The other smaller chambers around barrow no.1 might well have been constructed at a later date as is often the case with such sites. 
Nearby is also a cairn of stones sitting upon a large mound which, as far as modern records show, has never been excavated. There is also a rudimentary stone circle nearby, but as the stones are quite small, and sit upon the ground rather than submerged by it, it can only be assumed that this is a fake of extremely recent origin.
A number of neolithic and Bronze Age tools and weapon heads have been found in and around this area.
References.
1. Calderdale Ancient Sites Register
2. Northern Earth
3. The Modern Antiquarian

</doc>
<doc id="9890982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890982" title="Chilodontidae (gastropods)">
Chilodontidae (gastropods)

Chilodontidae is a taxonomic family of mostly small deepwater sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The family was previously in the superfamily Neritoidea in the order Neritopsina and the superorder Neritaemorphi.
2005 taxonomy.
This family consists of three following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
2007 taxonomy.
A molecular phylogeny-based taxonomy of the Seguenzioidea was published by Kano (2007).
The subfamilies Calliotropinae Hickman & McLean, 1990 and Cataeginae McLean & Quinn, 1987 were raised to family levels as the Calliotropidae and the Cataegidae.
Genera.
Genera within the family Chilodontidae include (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005) and Herbert (2012):

</doc>
<doc id="9890983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890983" title="Drohkaal">
Drohkaal

Drohkaal () is a 1994 Indian film directed and produced by Govind Nihalani which deals with India's fight against terrorism. The film examines the mental and psychological trauma that honest police officers go through in their fight against a group of ruthless terrorists. This movie was remade into "Kuruthipunal", produced by Kamal Haasan and directed by P. C. Sreeram, which received much better criticism and positive reviews.
Plot.
Indian cities are being terrorized by a group of people who want the government to give in to their demands and are willing to go to any extent for that purpose. Honest, experienced and diligent cops Abhay Singh (Om Puri) and Abbas Lodhi (Naseeruddin Shah) are part of the anti terrorism task force set up by the government to eliminate the menace.
Abbas Lodhi comes up with the idea of "Operation Dhanush", which involves sending two undercover cops, Anand (Manoj Bajpai) and Shiv (Milind Gunaji) among the terrorist group, so that they shall be part of them and learn all about them, and can call him through radio and transmit all the information under the code name Dhanush. Only Abbas and Abhay know about this operation.
Anand, one of the undercover cops, is exposed by the terrorists a few years later. However, he dies by consuming cyanide and before they can get any information from him. Now Shiv is left alone in the gang. He soon wins the trust and respect of everyone in the gang, including the mastermind Commander Bhadra (Ashish Vidyarthi) himself.
Bhadra is captured and tortured by the police. But try as they may, he does not reveal anything to Abbas or Abhay and justifies their actions. When Bhadra is in jail, the gang appoints one of their sharp shooters to kill a minister as he is approaching the city in his car, which he does successfully. This man is apprehended and interrogated by Abhay. He agrees to help the police for the safety of his family, but soon is poisoned in jail itself by a corrupt cop, Inspector Tiwari (Shrivallabh Vyas).
Soon one of Abhay and Lodhi's trusted and highly respected officers, and good friends, IGP Pathak (Amrish Puri), commits suicide when the CBI come to arrest him on charges of being linked with the terrorists. This comes as a rude shock for Abhay and Lodhi. They now relaize that there are people all over who seem to be linked with the terrorists. Now Bhadra offers Abhay the chance to join with and help the terrorists, or else his family will be in danger. Abhay does not oblige . The terrorists shoot the family dog, killing it, shoot at Abhay's son's leg and injure him, and send messages directly and indirectly to threaten him.
Abhay finally agrees. Bhadra asks for Abhay to sham a fake kidnap drama and allow him to escape, which he unwillingly does. Lodhi is shocked at Bhadra's escape but he does not understand why Abhay is acting strangely.
Now outside, Bhadra soon send two people, Surinder (Annu Kapoor) and Mala to stay in Abhay's house, and asks the latter to accommodate them. The two of them keep Bhadra informed about everything, and threaten to kill Abhay's wife and child if he were to try anything funny at anytime. Only Abhay knows about their true identity.
Soon Bhadra meets Abhay, and under threat of his wife and child being killed by Bhadra's signaling to the couple at their house, Abhay reveals that it was Lodhi who had arranged for two undercover cops to be sent to the gang, and only he knows 'who' Dhanush really is. Abhay also comes to know that Inspector Tiwari, who was supporting Bhadra, has been eliminated.
The gang attacks Lodhi. He almost starts to finish them off when he sees that one of the people sent to capture him is Shiv, so he goes along with them. Lodhi is beaten but he does not reveal who the inside man is really. Soon he is killed accidentally by Bhadra's pistol.
The shock of all that is happening is too much for Abhay to bear. He tells everything to Sumitra (Mita Vashishth), who tells Abhay that as a Police officer, he had taken an oath to protect the nation, and he must go by that. She also says that she will take care of everyone and everything if he were not there.
Consoled, Abhay is then called for a late night meeting by Bhadra again. When he leaves for Lodhi's house first, Surinder tries to attack and rape, a girl being taken care of by Abhay and his wife. At this point Mala orders Surinder at gunpoint to leave the girl, but Surinder shoots Mala. Sumitra sees all this, and in order to save, seduces Surinder. Once in the bedroom, she pushes Surinder off, and kills him with his own gun.
Abhay Singh is informed and he returns home, and consoles his family and bids them goodbye. He goes to meet Bhadra, where he attacks the criminal and is overpowered and bound to a chair. With only Shiv in the room, Commander Bhadra asks Abhay about the inside man, and suddenly points the pistol at Shiv. Abhay jumps off, attacks Bhandra, breaks free and stabs him in the neck with the broken wood of the chair. On hearing the commotion, as the entire gang comes from outside to break into the room, Abhay tells Shiv to shoot him, because then it will appear as though Abhay was killed when he attacked Bhadra, and Shiv being highly trusted, would become the new gang leader. A reluctant Shiv does so, just as the gang breaks in. Shiv declares himself to be the terrorist gang leader, and the others accept his leadership. Abhay Singh passes away in peace.
Awards.
Ashish Vidyarthi won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor. His performance was cited as "bringing credibility to his role with strength and total conviction". In 1996, Mita Vasisht won the Star Screen Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 1995, Nihalani won the Best Director Award at the Damascus International Film Festival for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="9890993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9890993" title="Andreas Mokdasi">
Andreas Mokdasi

Andreas Mokdasi (born 8 May 1984) is a Swedish sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. 
He finished fourth in 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships, with teammates Joni Jaako, Johan Wissman and Mattias Claesson.
His personal best time is 46.97 seconds, achieved in August 2004 in Karlstad.

</doc>
<doc id="9891006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891006" title="Wa-Wan Press">
Wa-Wan Press

The Wa-Wan Press was an American music publishing company founded in 1901 by composer Arthur Farwell in Newton Center, Massachusetts. The firm concentrated on publishing compositions by so-called Indianist movement members—composers who incorporated traditional Native American music into their works. Although it never achieved its founder's intentions of fomenting a classical musical revolution in the United States, the company saw success during its eleven-year history before being acquired and abandoned by G. Schirmer in 1912.
History.
Farwell was inspired by Antonín Dvořák's embracing of folk music; during Dvořák's 1890s stint at the National Conservatory of Music, the Czech called for American composers to develop a uniquely American style of classical music. During Farwell's own brief foray into academia at Cornell University (1899-1901), he started composing short pieces based on Native American melodies. After leaving Cornell and settling in Newton Center, he fleshed out a compilation of "American Indian Melodies". His search for a publisher of the work was unsuccessful, and, as a result, he founded Wa-Wan Press in 1901. The name "Wa-Wan", which means "to sing to someone", was chosen to honor one of the traditional ceremonies of the Omaha.
The press was launched without financial backing, and operated out of the Farwell family home; its only employees were Farwell and his father, George. Its first issue in 1901 contained Farwell's "American Indian Melodies" and two works by Edgar Stillman Kelley. Farwell hoped that the creation of the Wa-Wan Press would hail the beginning of a classical music revolution that would rebel against what he deemed a "German domination" of the nation's music. The American public, he believed, "saw everything through German glasses", and, "a revolt against this domination was an absolute historical necessity".
For the first five years, the Wa-Wan Press published two books per quarter—one vocal and one instrumental—at an annual subscription rate of eight dollars. Subscriptions continued to grow, and in 1907, the company began printing monthly. That same year, Farwell founded the Wa-Wan Society for the "advancement of the work of American composers, and the interests of the musical life of the American people." The Wa-Wan Press later began publishing compositions in sheet music form. Farwell provided introductions, program notes, and essays to accompany the aesthetic volumes, whose covers and typographical innovations were often designed by himself. Farwell took particular pride in his work, noting later that many publishers adapted his ideas.
In 1908, the firm started losing subscriptions and ran into financial troubles. By 1912, Farwell's enthusiasm for the press had waned, and he had become chief Boston-area music critic for "Musical America". He agreed to the take-over of Wa-Wan Press by G. Schirmer, which soon abandoned the project. During its 11-year history, the press had published 37 composers (nine of whom were women), including Carlos Troyer, Rubin Goldmark, and Henry F. Gilbert. In 1970, Arno Press and the "New York Times" resurrected the press' publications by issuing a complete, five-volume reprint with Vera Brodsky Lawrence as editor.

</doc>
<doc id="9891007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891007" title="Joni Jaako">
Joni Jaako

Joni Jaako (born 24 February 1986) is a Swedish sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. 
He finished fourth in 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships, with teammates Johan Wissman, Andreas Mokdasi and Mattias Claesson.
His personal best time is 47.04 seconds, achieved in July 2005 in Kaunas.

</doc>
<doc id="9891011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891011" title="Naked Songs – Live and Acoustic">
Naked Songs – Live and Acoustic

Naked Songs – Live and Acoustic is an album by American singer–songwriter Rickie Lee Jones, released in October 1995 via Reprise Records. It reached No. 121 on The Billboard 200.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Rickie Lee Jones; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="9891014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891014" title="Achutapuram">
Achutapuram

Achutapuram () is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9891026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891026" title="It's Like This">
It's Like This

"It's Like This" is an album by American singer/songwriter Rickie Lee Jones, released in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9891042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891042" title="The Evening of My Best Day">
The Evening of My Best Day

The Evening of My Best Day is an album by American singer/songwriter Rickie Lee Jones, released in 2003.
Track listing.
All tracks composed and arranged by Rickie Lee Jones; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="9891043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891043" title="National Alliance for Optional Parenthood">
National Alliance for Optional Parenthood

The National Organization for Non-Parents (N.O.N.) was begun in Palo Alto, California, by Ellen Peck and Shirley Radl in 1972. N.O.N was formed to advance the notion that people could choose not to have children--to be childfree. Changing its name to The National Alliance for Optional Parenthood, it continued into the early 1980s both as a support group for those making the decision to be childfree and an advocacy group fighting pronatalism (attitudes/advertising/etc. promoting or glorifying parenthood). According to its bylaws, the purpose of the National Alliance for Optional Parenthood was to educate the public on non-parenthood as a valid lifestyle option, support those who choose not to have children, promote awareness of the overpopulation problem, and assist other groups that advanced the goals of the organization.
N.O.N.'s offices were located in Reisterstown, Maruland; then Baltimore, Maryland; and, ultimately, in Washington, D.C.
The organization's most widely distributed publication was "Am I Parent Material?" This publication is still in print and distributed by ETR Associates in Scotts Valley, California.
NON designated August 1 as Non-Parents' Day. 
Some of the early works on non-parenthood/being childfree include:
In 1978, The Pittsburgh Press reported that N.O.N. sponsored a campaign to edit school textbooks and other materials to censor any material "favoring motherhood, the family, or the joy in raising a family." 

</doc>
<doc id="9891052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891052" title="Dhasanawalaya Sornsongkram">
Dhasanawalaya Sornsongkram

Thanpuying Dhasanawalaya Sornsongkram (; ; ) née Dhasanawalaya Ratanakul Serireongrit (; ; born 11 November 1945 in Switzerland), is the only daughter of Galyani Vadhana, Princess of Naradhiwas and niece of King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Early life and education.
Dhasanawalaya Ratanakul Serireongrit was born on November 11, 1945 in Switzerland. She is the only daughter of Galyani Vadhana, Princess of Naradhiwas and Colonel Aram Ratanakul Serireongrit.
At the age of 6, she returned to Thailand with her uncle, King Bhumibol and her aunt-in Law, Queen Sirikit, by ship. After arriving in Thailand, she continued her education at Materdei School, Triam Udom Suksa School and Faculty of Arts, Chulalongkorn University. After graduation, she continued her studies in Switzerland.
Marriage.
During her time studying in Switzerland, she met Sinthu Sornsongkram, who was a civil servant at the Royal Thai Embassy in Bern. They married on 12 November 1973. They have a son, First Lieutenant Jitat Sornsongkram.
Career and later life.
Thanpuying Dhasanawalaya Sorasongkram has been a lecturer in the Faculty of Economics, Chulalongkorn University.
She received her rank as Thanpuying on 5 May 1986. She was considered to be the closest grandchild of Srinagarindra, the Princess Mother.

</doc>
<doc id="9891070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891070" title="John Jackson (blues musician)">
John Jackson (blues musician)

John Jackson (February 24, 1924 – January 20, 2002) was an American Piedmont blues musician; his music did not become primary until his accidental "discovery" by folklorist Chuck Perdue in the 1960s. He had effectively given up playing for his community in 1949.
Life and career.
He was born in John H Jackson in Woodville, Virginia, United States into a musical family, and learned to play guitar at a young age. He moved to Fairfax in his twenties, where he worked as a gravedigger, among other jobs. 
His first recordings were released the early 1960s on the Arhoolie Records label. He visited Europe several times, played at folk festivals, and also recorded for Rounder and Alligator Records. He also appeared around Washington, D.C. with 'the Travelling Blues Workshop', which included Jackson, Archie Edwards, Flora Molton, Mother Scott, Phil Wiggins and John Cephas.
Jackson died in 2002 of liver cancer in Fairfax Station, Virginia, at the age of 77.
Jackson had six boys and one girl with his wife Cora Lee Carter Jackson. He was preceded in death by his wife Cora Lee (1990), and his sons John Jackson Jr (1978), Ned Jackson (1978), and MacArthur Jackson (1996). Two of his remaining sons died after him; Lee Floyd Jackson (2006) and Timothy Jackson (2008). His daughter Cora Elizabeth (Beth) Johnson and James Edward Jackson still live in the Fairfax, Virginia area.
In January, 2011, Jackson was nominated in the Blues Album and Live Performance Album categories for the 10th Annual Independent Music Awards. 

</doc>
<doc id="9891082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891082" title="Klassenverhältnisse">
Klassenverhältnisse

Klassenverhältnisse, known in English as Class Relations, in French as Amerika, rapports de classe, is a 1984 film by the French filmmaking duo of Jean-Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet. It is based on Franz Kafka's unfinished first novel, "Amerika".
The German filmmaker Harun Farocki appears as one of the leads, and the film also features a cameo from American experimental filmmaker Thom Andersen.
A documentary was made about the filming process, "Jean-Marie Straub und Danièle Huillet bei der Arbeit an einem Film".
Style.
As Franz Kafka never visited the United States, the film was intentionally shot in Europe, with the bulk of shooting occurring in Germany. The film features prominently architecture, flora and costuming (including a policeman in a bobby helmet) that is unlikely to be found in the United States. Only a handful of shots were shot on location in the United States, including the Statue of Liberty and the Missouri River. Though Huillet and Straub are both French, the film was shot in German, the language the original book was written in.
The film was shot on black and white 35mm Kodak film stock by French cinematographer William Lubtchansky. Like all other Straub-Huillet films, it only uses location sound recorded at the same time as the image, emphasizing cinema's documentary nature over the pictorial.
Awards.
The film was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.

</doc>
<doc id="9891086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891086" title="Parrilla">
Parrilla

Parrilla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9891093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891093" title="Conceptual history">
Conceptual history

Conceptual history (also the history of concepts or, from German, Begriffsgeschichte) is a branch of historical and cultural studies that deals with the historical semantics of terms. It sees the etymology and the change in meaning of terms as forming a crucial basis for contemporary cultural, conceptual and linguistic understanding. Conceptual history deals with the evolution of paradigmatic ideas and value systems over time, such as "liberty" or "reform." It argues that social history – indeed all historical reflection – must begin with an understanding of historically contingent cultural values and practices in their particular contexts over time, not merely as unchanging ideologies or processes.
Interest in conceptual history was given a particular boost in the 20th century through the publication of the "Historisches Wörterbuch der Philosophie", the "Geschichtliche Grundbegriffe" and the journal Archiv für Begriffsgeschichte. 
Conceptual history is an interdisciplinary methodology. Alongside the philosopher Joachim Ritter, the historians Otto Brunner and Reinhart Koselleck and the sociologist Erich Rothacker are viewed as the leading scholars of the research area in the German-speaking world and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="9891114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891114" title="Hokum (disambiguation)">
Hokum (disambiguation)

Hokum is a type of song in American blues music.
Hokum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9891124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891124" title="Hesba Fay Brinsmead">
Hesba Fay Brinsmead

Hesba Fay Brinsmead ("Hesba Fay Hungerford"; 15 March 1922 in Berambing, New South Wales – 24 November 2003 in Murwillumbah) was an Australian author of children's books and an environmentalist.
Biography.
Upbringing.
Brinsmead's parents, Edward Kenelm Guy Hungerford and May Lambert, were missionaries for the Seventh-day Adventist Church who left Sydney for Java (Indonesia) 1909 to 1912. On their return her father and his brothers built homes in the isolated area of the Blue Mountains where Brinsmead was born. Ken and May took their three small children, one of whom was seriously ill, with them. They farmed in this beautiful place while the children grew up. Brinsmead was the youngest and, for several years, was the only child at home as her siblings were at school in town.
The writer.
Brinsmead was determined to be a writer from an early age but had very little formal education due to her home's remote location. Her mother gave her much of her early education at home around their kitchen table. After completing some primary schooling by correspondence she attended a small church high school at Wahroonga, Sydney. Eventually she left home in her mid-teen and became a teacher. She taught in various places around Australia, at a one-teacher school, as a governess in the far west of NSW and in the Derwent Valley of Tasmania. She undertook a correspondence course in journalism whilst in her thirties. She had married Reg Brinsmead, when 20 years of age and had two sons. Her husband owned and managed a pest control business active in three states. Finding time to write or study was a struggle for Brinsmead as she always was kept busy with clerical tasks and arranging employees' food and accommodation needs. In order to find a place to write undisturbed, she managed to escape in various ways, such as to a caravan in the back yard and to coffee shops. 
Whilst living in Melbourne the ANZ bank near her home in the suburb of Nunawading allowed her to use a spare room on their premises. During her life she resided at various lengthy times in North Queensland, Melbourne, Tasmania, the West Australian outback, and in northern New South Wales. These places are all featured strongly in her novels.
Influences and inspiration.
Her novels, taken from her experiences and travels around Australia, were written for children and young adults; however, they expressed many themes that have gained more prominence in today's world - such as the fragility and beauty of the environment and indigenous areas and the need for their conservation, the effect of ecological damage, the plight of refugees and societies disaffected and the human cost of resource development. As examples, "Echo in the Wilderness", set on Lake Pedder on the eve of its destruction, chronicles the submergence and obliteration of the lake. Her 1983 book, "I Will Not Say the Day Is Done" (her only non-fiction/adult book) brought to life the struggle to save Lake Pedder. She was passionately consumed by the need to do something about environmental vandalism in Tasmania. Her book "Isle of the Sea Horse", released in 1969, grew out of her concern about the ecological devastation to the Great Barrier Reef and, among other concerns, the plight of refugees. Her "Longtime" trilogy was set in, and inspired by her upbringing, in the Blue Mountains.
Recognition and later life.
She was friends with fellow well known children's writers, Nance Donkin and Lu Rees and, later, provided advice & support to younger writer Nette Hilton, after she moved to Northern New South Wales in 1976. Brinsmead was twice the winner of the Children's Book Council of Australia's Book of the Year Award (for "Pastures of the Blue Crane" in 1965 and "Longtime Passing" in 1972), and winner of the Dame Mary Gilmore Medallion in 1965. "Pastures of the Blue Crane" was later made into a successful mini-series by ABC TV. Her fame from writing books allowed her to forge a separate but related career as a public speaker, speaking at conferences, seminars, meetings, school and public library events. Many of her over twenty books reached an international readership and were translated into Japanese, Italian, Czech, and German as well as being published in British, American and Australian editions.
In later life she retired to Terranora in northern NSW but even in her later years was an outspoken opponent of developers taking over the land. She stopped writing in the 1990s due to ill health. She had suffered from osteoporosis all her life.

</doc>
<doc id="9891144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891144" title="Kofi Anyidoho">
Kofi Anyidoho

Kofi Anyidoho (born 1947) is a Ghanaian poet and academic who comes from a family tradition of Ewe poets and oral artists. He is currently Professor of Literature at the University of Ghana.
He has received numerous awards for his poetry, including the Valco Fund Literary Award, the Langston Hughes Prize, the BBC Arts and Africa Poetry Award, the Fania Kruger Fellowship for Poetry of Social Vision, Poet of the Year (Ghana), and the Ghana Book Award. 
Biography.
Anyidoho was educated in Ghana and the USA, and holds a B.A. Honours degree in English & Linguistics from the University of Ghana-Legon, an M.A. in Folklore from Indiana University-Bloomington and gained his PhD in Comparative Literature at the University of Texas at Austin. 
Having trained as a teacher at Accra Training College and at the Advanced Teacher Training College-Winneba, he taught primary, middle and secondary school, before joining the University of Ghana-Legon. Currently Professor of Literature in the English Department, he has also been Director of the CODESRIA African Humanities Institute Program, acting Director of the School of Performing Arts and Head of the English Department. He was installed as the first occupant of the Kwame Nkrumah Chair in African Studies at the University of Ghana on 18 March 2010.
Writing.
Anyidoho's academic writing includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9891159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891159" title="William Lubtchansky">
William Lubtchansky

William Lubtchansky (26 October 1937 – 4 May 2010) was a French cinematographer. 
Biography.
Lubtchansky's first film was Agnes Varda's 1965 short, "Elsa la Rose". He shot over 100 films, including several for Jean-Luc Godard, Jacques Rivette, Jean Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet and Nadine Trintignant. He has also worked with Philippe Garrel, François Truffaut, Marcel Camus and Peter Brook (for the 1989 6-hour version of "The Mahabharata"). Lubtchansky died in Paris, France, on 4 May 2010 from heart disease.

</doc>
<doc id="9891179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891179" title="Andrei Krauchanka">
Andrei Krauchanka

Andrei Sergeyevich Krauchanka (; also transliterated as "Andrey Kravchenko") (born 4 January 1986) is a Belarusian decathlete. He was the silver medallist at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. His personal best score of 8617 points is the Belarusian record for the event. He also holds the national indoor record in the heptathlon with 6282 points.
Krauchanka was a talented combined events athlete from a young age: he broke the world youth best for the octathlon and was runner-up at the 2003 World Youth Championships in Athletics. He became the European and World Junior champion in the decathlon before emerging as a senior in 2007, when he won the bronze medal at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships and set his best of 8617 to win the Hypo-Meeting.
Two silver medals on the global stage came in 2008, first at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships and then at the Olympics in Beijing. Injuries affected his performances from 2009 to 2012, although he managed to win bronze at the 2010 European Athletics Championships and gold at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships during that time.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Myshanka in the Gomel Region, he grew up in the town of Pyetrykaw. Both his parents were involved in sports: his father Sergey was the military champion in combined track and field events when he was part of the Soviet Air Defence Forces, while his mother took part in figure skating, volleyball and athletics. His parents broke up when he was aged nine and, enduring financial difficulty, his mother encouraged him to take up athletics as a distraction. He performed to a high standard and went to the Olympic sports boarding school in Gomel as a teenager.
In 2000 he won the Belarusian youth title in the octathlon. International competitions followed and he broke the world youth record in the octathlon with a total of 6415 points in 2003. This mark was beaten soon after by Andrés Silva, who won at the 2003 World Youth Championships in Athletics, leaving Krauchanka with the silver medal. He also placed fifth in the long jump at that year's European Youth Olympic Festival. That year a period of training in Finland under Pavel Hamalainen, father of Eduard Hämäläinen, did not last and he returned to his original coach Ivan Gordienko.
Krauchanka moved into decathlon competitions in 2004 and, after setting a best of 7963 points to win the national junior title, he broke the championship record at the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics, collecting 8126 points with a series of personal bests. He broke the national junior record in heptathlon at 2005's Tallinn combined events meeting with 5929 points. He placed 13th at the high profile 2005 Hypo-Meeting before winning his second major junior title at the 2005 European Athletics Junior Championships. In 2006 he again broke the 8000-point barrier, coming eleventh at the 2006 Hypo-Meeting, and placed third at the European Cup Combined Events.
First Olympic medal.
Krauchanka set a personal heptathlon best at the Tallinn meet (5955) then won his first ever senior medal in the event at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships, earning 6090 points and a bronze medal. The outdoor season saw him make a significant breakthrough as he won the 2007 Hypo-Meeting with a personal best of 8617 points. Among his competitors, he defeated the world record holder Roman Sebrle and reigning world champion Bryan Clay, both of whom praised the emerging Belarusian. He set personal bests in seven of the disciplines and was the outright winner in four of them. He failed to finish at the TNT – Fortuna Meeting but solidified his progress with a win at the 2007 European Athletics U23 Championships with 8492 points. The pressure of expectation affected him at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics as in the first 100 metres event he obviously false started twice, eliminating himself from the competition. He ended the year on a high note with a win at the Décastar meet.
The 2008 season started well for him with a Belarusian record in the heptathlon in Tallinn, winning the competition with a score of points. He bettered this with 6234 points at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships, taking the silver medal behind Bryan Clay. Heading into the outdoor season he was more conservative in entering competitions and won the European Cup decathlon with 8585 points before going on to claim the silver medal in the event at the 2008 Beijing Olympics (again behind Clay). He retained his Décastar title in his last decathlon of the season and was the series winner of the IAAF Combined Events Challenge.
European medals.
In spite of his successful 2008 season, he was unable to progress further in 2009 as he caught pneumonia and suffered throughout the season. He won the European Cup Combined Events title and placed tenth at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, but his season's best of 8336 points was somewhat lower than the previous two years.
In 2010 he won the national universities title with a score of 6206 points for the heptathlon and went on the place fourth at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships. Another major medal came at the 2010 European Athletics Championships, where his score of 8370 was enough for the decathlon bronze medal. At that competition he looked set to be eliminated during the pole vault as his pole snapped mid-event. However, a Lithuanian rival Darius Draudvila allowed Krauchanka to borrow his implement, allowing the Belarusian to continue. The Belarusian team nominated Draudvila for the World Fair Play Award for his sportsmanship.
Krauchanka won another continental medal at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships, improving his own national record to 6282 points to win the competition. However, he was carrying an ankle injury and was in pain during the events. He failed to finish at that year's TNT – Fortuna Meeting and missed the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. He was fifth at the Decastar in September. He performed well at the 2012 Belarusian indoor championships, becoming champion with 6205 points, but managed only sixth at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships then failed to complete the decathlon at the Hypo-Meeting in May. This was his first and final outdoor appearance that year. His next competition came almost one year later, at the Multistars meeting, and he demonstrated a return to fitness with a winning score of 8390 points.

</doc>
<doc id="9891180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891180" title="All Four One">
All Four One

All Four One is the fourth studio album (but the third released by Capitol Records) by the new wave band The Motels, released in 1982.
Background and writing.
After the mild success of "Careful", The Motels went back into the studio in early 1981 to record their third album with producer Val Garay. The band at this time consisted of Martha Davis on vocals and guitar, Tim McGovern on lead guitar, Marty Jourard on keyboards, Michael Goodroe on bass and Brian Glascock on drums.
Wanting to stretch the limits as to what they could do artistically and musically, the band recorded some of its darkest and heaviest music to date. McGovern, Davis' boyfriend at the time, clashed with Garay in the studio, and ended up de facto producer and arranger for the album, which was titled "Apocalypso". Martha Davis considers this period "the last time the Motels were uninhibited, wild, and not worried about our place on the charts." 
Neither the band nor Garay ever submitted any of the recordings to Capitol Records while the recording process was underway. When the record company heard the finished product, they rejected it for being "not commercial enough" and "too weird", and "Apocalypso" was scrapped. The band attempted to go back and re-record the entire album but in the process, Davis and McGovern's relationship dissolved and by December 1981 McGovern was no longer in the band.
The band forged on with recording, utilizing studio musicians to fill in for McGovern on several of the tracks. This time Garay had more liberty to mold the album to a more commercially appealing sound. Adrian Peritore (who went by the name Guy Perry because his former producer had misspelled his name on an album cover) was hired in late January and played lead guitar on some of the tracks. Six "Apocalypso" tracks were completely re-recorded for the new album, while four new tracks were added (including the hit "Take The L", and a cover of the Goffin/King song "He Hit Me (It Felt Like A Kiss)". The album was renamed "All Four One" because the band had recorded four albums but one would not be released, and because the four remaining members had stayed together to complete the album. It was released on April 5, 1982 by Capitol Records.
Despite its rough beginnings, "All Four One" was the first U.S. hit album for The Motels, and was the band's best selling album. The first single from "All Four One" was "Only the Lonely", which reached #9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #27 on the Adult Contemporary chart, as well as #6 on the "Billboard" Top Tracks chart. The song "Mission of Mercy" also received enough airplay to reach #23 on the Top Tracks chart. In addition, two other singles, "Take the L" and "Forever Mine", also managed to reach the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album's release coincided with the emergence of MTV, and music videos were produced for both "Only the Lonely" and "Take the L". Davis won an award in the Best Performance in a Music Video category at the American Music Awards in 1982 for her performance in the "Only the Lonely" video.
"Apocalypso" was finally released in August 2011.
Singles.
"Mission of Mercy" (Capitol Records - album cut) Released: 12 Apr 1982 Charts: US-FM #23<br>
"Only the Lonely" (Capitol Records #5114) Released: 12 Apr 1982 Charts: Australia #28 / Canada #7 / New Zealand #10 / US #9 / US-FM #6<br>
"Take the L" (Capitol Records #5149) Released: 13 Aug 1982 Charts: Australia #21 / Canada #21 / New Zealand #44 / US #52 / US-FM #28<br>
"Forever Mine" (Capitol Records #5182) Released: 13 Nov 1982 Charts: US #60<br>
"So L.A." (Capitol Records) Released: 1982 (Japan only)<br>
"Art Fails" (Capitol Records FR#2C008-86522) Released: 1983 (France only)

</doc>
<doc id="9891189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891189" title="Northeast Project of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences">
Northeast Project of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences

The Northeast Project (), which is short for the Serial Research Project on the History and Current State of the Northeast Borderland (), was a five-year research project on the history and current situation of the frontiers of Northeast China which lasted from 2002 to 2007. It was launched by the Chinese Academy of Social Science (CASS) and received financial support from both the Chinese government and the CASS.
The stated purpose of the Northeast Project was to use authoritative academic research to restore historical facts and protect the stability of Northeast China—a region sometimes known as Manchuria—in the context of the strategic changes that have taken place in Northeast Asia since China's "Reform and Opening" started in 1978. Two of the project's leaders accused some foreign scholars and institutions of rewriting history to demand territory from China or to promote instability in the frontier regions, hence the necessity of the Project.
The Project has been criticized for applying the contemporary vision of China as a "unified multiethnic state" to ancient ethnic groups, states and history of the region of Manchuria and northern Korea. Under this ideology, it is assumed that there was a greater Chinese state in the ancient past. Accordingly, any pre-modern people or state that occupied any part of what is now the People's Republic of China is defined as having been part of Chinese history. Similar projects have been conducted on Tibet and Xinjiang, which have been named Southwest Project and Northwest Project, respectively.
Due to its claims on Gojoseon, Goguryeo and Balhae, the project sparked disputes with Korea. In 2004, this dispute threatened to lead to diplomatic disputes between the People's Republic of China and the South Korea, although all governments involved seem to exhibit no desire to see the issue damage relations. However, there has been a shift from anti-American and pro-China to a pro-American and anti-China in Korea as a strategic move.
Organization.
The Northeast Project was approved (lixiang 立项) in 2001. Its first organizational meeting was held in Changchun (Jilin province) in June 2001 between representatives of the Chinese Academy of Social Science (CASS) and delegates from the Politburo of the Communist Party of Jilin Province, but the five-year project officially began in February 2002. The "Second Academic Conference on the History and Current State of the Northeast and on Gaogouli" (第二届东北边疆历史与现状暨高句丽学术研讨会) was held in Changchun in July 2002, organized by the "Research Center for Chinese Borderland History and Geography" (中国边疆史地研究中心; part of the CASS) and the Jilin Academy of Social Sciences, and supported by ten more academic institutions from the Northeast Chinese provinces of Jilin, Heilongjiang, and Liaoning.
Various figures have been cited for the Project's budget. One document issued by the "Northeast Project expert committee" (专家委员会) on 28 February 2002 earmarked funds of 15 million yuan (2.4 million US dollars) for the project, planning to use 2.5 million yuan per year. The funding was to come from three sources: the Chinese Ministry of Finance, the CASS itself, and the provincial committee of the Communist Party of Jilin, Liaoning, and Heilongjiang. Two articles unrelated to the Northeast Project claim that the Project had a budget of "an astounding 20 billion yuan" (3.21 billion US dollars), or about "three trillion Korean won."
Background.
In 1982 the PRC constitution was amended to redefine the People's Republic of China as a "unitary multinational state built up jointly by the people of all its nationalities" (中华人民共和国是全国各族人民共同缔造的统一的多民族国家). Inspired by such concepts, in the 1990s some Chinese historians such as Sun Jinji 孫進己 and Zhang Boquan 張博泉 began to re-identify Goguryeo, especially the first half of Goguryeo's history before it moved its capital to the Korean peninsula, as part of the history of China rather than Korea. As early as 1993, the leader of a North Korean delegation attending a historical conference on Goguryeo in China accused Chinese historians of understanding ancient China as coterminous with the PRC, a view he claimed was not backed up by historical evidence. In 2002, this effort has been taken up by the PRC government in the form of the Northeast Project.
The Northeast Project is part of a series of historical research projects conducted by the Chinese Academy of Social Science, preceded by the Origin of Chinese Civilization Project () and Xia–Shang–Zhou Chronology Project. These projects and other subsequent ones such as the Northeast Project are based on the modern ideology of Zhonghua Minzu or a "unified multi-ethnic state", which conceives ancient China in terms of the territorial bounds of the modern Chinese state. This has led to numerous historical research projects by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences on areas near the Chinese border, where historical territory overlaps with contemporary neighbors. This includes Manchuria and the Korean peninsula, which comprise the contemporary territories of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, People's Republic of China, the Republic of Korea, and the Russian Federation.
The Northeast Project consists of research on historical kingdoms, polities and ethnicities in this area, and also modern issues such as territorial disputes and immigration. Pre-modern historical kingdoms and polities covered in the Northeast Project are, in chronological order, Gojoseon, Buyeo, Goguryeo, Baekjae, Balhae, Yuan Dynasty, Ming Dynasty, Joseon and Qing Dynasty. Modern historical and contemporary states covered by the Northeast Project are the Empire of Japan, the Soviet Union, South and North Korea and the PRC. Research in the Northeast Project has claimed Gojoseon, Bueyo, Goguryeo and Balhae as regional governments of the ancient Chinese empire. This is in contrast to traditional historiography, where these kingdoms are considered to be sovereign independent states in Korean history.
Reactions.
The Northeast Project's claims on ancient kingdoms that most Koreans consider as part of their own history began to receive wide press coverage in South Korea in 2004, which led to public outrage. The Northeast Project has also received strong criticism from academic experts from South Korea and many other countries including China. Controversy mainly focused on Goguryeo, which plays a central role in Korean nationalism. The Northeast Project's appropriation of Goguryeo has become a turning point in public perception of China in South Korea and also affected strategic and diplomatic relations between the two countries. In South Korea the Northeast Project has come to symbolize China's historical revisionism and political expansionism, and continues to be widely mentioned well after the Project was officially concluded in 2007.
Legacy.
After the Northeast Project came under strong criticism in 2004, key members of the Northeast Project, along with other academics in Northeast China, founded the journal "History and Geography of Northeast China" (), published by the Jilin Academy of Social Sciences. The journal continued most research formerly conducted by the Northeast Project, and further expanded its research scope to include the historical kingdoms and polities of Lelang Commandery and Silla, both located in the Korean peninsula.
Publications.
The publications of the Northeast Project include at least the following books, which were all published in the "Northeast Borderland Research" (东北边疆研究) series of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Press. All titles are in Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="9891207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891207" title="Fitou">
Fitou

Fitou is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Wine.
Fitou has a red wine appellation; see Fitou AOC.

</doc>
<doc id="9891209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891209" title="Brynglas">
Brynglas

Brynglas is an area of the city of Newport, South Wales, United Kingdom.
Location.
Brynglas is situated above the M4 motorway in Newport and famous on traffic reports of congestion at the Brynglas Tunnels.
Amenities & history.
Brynglas is well known for its great views overlooking the city of Newport. Brynglas today has a population of about 300 inhabitants and contains a primary school and Brynglas House. The name is from the Welsh language for "Blue Hill". Locals speculate that the reasoning for this name is due to the thousands of Common bluebells that appear each spring in the Brynglas Bluebell woods. Prior to development the south-facing hill would have appeared blue during the spring around April and May and therefore was called 'Brynglas'.
The area consists of the streets of Brynglas Drive, Brynglas Road, Brynglas Close, Brynglas Court, Brynglas Crescent and the relatively modern Bryn-Bevan estate.
Local landmarks.
Brynglas Road was the first road to be built in the Brynglas area. The houses were privately owned. The road originally led solely to Brynglas House on top of the hill. Later on, a council estate, Brynglas Drive was added.
Brynglas Drive consists mostly of quickly built post-war concrete-structured housing and were originally built and owned by Newport Corporation. Most of the housing has now been bought privately but Newport City Council still own some.
Brynglas Court and Brynglas Close consist of council-style flats.
Bryn Bevan, off Brynglas Road, is the latest addition to the Brynglas area. The simple-styled housing was very cost-effective and has great views overlooking the city.
Brynglas Tunnels.
The Brynglas Tunnels carry the M4 motorway under Brynglas Hill in Newport. The 1,200 ft-long twin-bored tunnels were the first tunnels in the British motorway network and are still the only bored tunnels using tunnel boring machines.
The tunnels and adjacent Usk bridge were originally planned by Newport Corporation in August 1959 in a plan submitted to the Ministry of Transport. Work started on 10 September 1962 and both structures were complete and open to traffic by 1967.
Almost as soon as the M4 Newport bypass (junctions 24-28) had opened, the traffic levels had grown to such a degree that the road had to be widened to three lanes in each direction. This was finished in 1982 but with the exception of the tunnels and Usk bridge which remained as dual two-lane sections. During the original construction several houses on Brynglas Road (where the modern Newport Lodge Hotel now stands) had to be demolished due to structural weaknesses caused by the tunnelling. Therefore the technical challenges and risk associated with widening the existing tunnels in a highly built-up area were found to be too great. The tunnels remain a bottleneck on the motorway and as of 2011 an entirely new bypass south of the city has been proposed.
Brynglas House.
Currently an Adult Education Centre owned by Newport City Council, however it has had many uses in the past such as being used as a hospital during World War II and a secondary school through the 1960s and early 1970s.
Government.
The area is governed by the Newport City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9891210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891210" title="Old Kingdom (book series)">
Old Kingdom (book series)

The Old Kingdom, or Abhorsen in North America, is a fantasy fiction series by Australian author Garth Nix. It originated in 1995 with the novel "Sabriel" and has continued in novels "Lirael" (2001) and "Abhorsen" (2003), novella "The Creature in the Case" (2005), and other short fiction. In Australia the omnibus edition comprising three novels and one novella was titled "The Old Kingdom Chronicles" (2009, Allen & Unwin (Australia)). U.S. omnibus editions have been titled "The Abhorsen Trilogy" (2003) and "The Abhorsen Chronicles" (2009). ISFDB catalogues the entire continuing series as "The Old Kingdom / Abhorsen".
Nix has announced two more Old Kingdom books, a prequel and a "sequel of sorts to "Abhorsen"" (below).
Series.
"Sabriel".
Sabriel is in her final few days at her school in Ancelstierre (an alternate history of 1910s England), when she is visited by a spirit summoned by her father (the Abhorsen) who is trapped in Death, and departs to rescue him. Accompanied by Mogget from the Abhorsens' house, she discovers Touchstone as a figurehead of a boat; reanimates him; and with him, continues to Belisaere (the capital of the Old Kingdom). Below the city is a lake with the six Great Charter Stones, with two broken by the antagonist Kerrigor. There, Sabriel briefly frees her father, who diverts Kerrigor while the others escape.
Sabriel and Touchstone then travel to Ancelstierre to find and destroy Kerrigor's body, which the local soldiery (at their behest) convey to Wyverly College, Sabriel's school. Kerrigor and his undead followers besiege the College, killing many students and guardsmen; whereupon Mogget, assuming his true form, fights Kerrigor over who will kill Sabriel. Kerrigor overpowers and consumes Mogget and throws Sabriel onto her sword; whereupon she throws Mogget's binding ring over Kerrigor. This creates two cats: a black Kerrigor and white Mogget, which are then bound by Ranna. Sabriel then dies, but is resurrected by her ancestors to succeed her father as the Old Kingdom's protector.
"Lirael".
Lirael is raised among the Clayr; but having coal-black hair, a pale complexion, and brown eyes, differs physically from her chestnut-skinned, white-blonde, blue or green-eyed peers, and additionally lacks their native precognition. Through her solitary work in the mysterious library in the Clayr's Glacier, Lirael discovers an apparently predestined adventure of utmost importance. While trying to make a canine sending, she accidentally summons the immortal 'Disreputable Dog', thereafter her constant companion. Meanwhile in Ancelestierre, Prince Sameth (the son of Sabriel and Touchstone) is attacked by the necromancer Hedge and his summoned Dead Hands (a zombie-like construct acting as subsidiaries); and his friend Nicholas 'Nick' Sayre is placed under Hedge's control. Sameth's father, Touchstone, thereafter conveys him to their capital Belisaere. Here he is expected to follow his mother as the Abhorsen, a future of which he is terrified.
Concurrently, Nick Sayre crosses the border into the Old Kingdom and thence to the Red Lake, a region in the south-west of the Kingdom where neither the royal rule nor the Clayr's 'Sight' has influence. Upon news thereof, Sameth goes in search of him, and is later joined by Mogget. Meanwhile, Lirael inherits the artifacts of a Remembrancer (a clairvoyant able to view the past) and is swiftly dispatched to fulfill a very recent vision of herself and Nick Sayre upon the Red Lake. She is joined by Sameth and Mogget "en route". All are attacked repeatedly and nearly overcome by Chlorr of the Mask; but reach the Abhorsens' House, where Lirael is identified as Sabriel's half-sister and heir, and Sameth as successor to the now-extinct 'Wallmakers'.
"Abhorsen".
The novel begins at Abhorsen's House, which is besieged by Dead Hands led by Chlorr of the Mask under the control of the necromancer Hedge. Hedge himself serves Orannis the Destroyer, an immortal imprisoned millennia prior by 7 of its 8 cohorts and now desirous to destroy the biosphere. The protagonists escape the siege through a well-like opening, in whose adjoined tunnel they encounter the spirit 'Astarael', implied the originator of the Abhorsens' power. Meanwhile, Prince Sameth's parents, the Abhorsen Sabriel and King Touchstone, are in Ancelstierre trying to stop the genocide of refugees; but are nearly themselves killed by rebels and return to the Old Kingdom. Thereafter all the leading characters unite at the two nations' divisive Wall (a fictionalized Hadrian's Wall) to re-enact the imprisonment of Orannis; and having done so, Lirael's 'Disreputable Dog' (a self-identified remnant of the spirit 'Kibeth') revives the dead Nicholas Sayre and departs into the border dividing Life from Death.
"The Creature in the Case".
Novella "The Creature in the Case" was published for 2005 World Book Day (HarperCollins Children's Books, March 2005, ISBN 978-0-00-720138-9). It was retitled "Nicholas Sayre and the Creature in the Case" for collection in "" (2005).
According to the publisher, "It is six months since the cataclysmic events of "Abhorsen" ...". Nicholas Sayre is sent by his Uncle Edward to a party, to observe the workings of a clandestine government organisation responsible for gathering information about the Old Kingdom. The organisation's head, Alastor Dorrance, has covertly obtained a monstrous 'Hrule' and intends to free it across the Wall; and when he attempts to do so, it runs amok, destroying numerous people until pursued by Nicholas to the Wall, where it is rendered harmless by Lirael.
"An Extract of the Journal of Idrach the Lesser Necromancer".
This short story was distributed by the Old Kingdom series web site and collected in "Across the Wall" (Allen & Unwin (Australia), 2005).
"To Hold the Bridge".
Novella "To Hold the Bridge" was published in 2010 as part of the anthology "Legends of Australian Fantasy", edited by Jack Dann and Jonathan Strahan (HarperCollins Publishers Australia, 2010, ISBN 978-0-7322-8848-8).
Planned works.
Nix has announced two more Old Kingdom books, a prequel and a "sequel of sorts to "Abhorsen"". The prequel has the working title "Clariel: The Lost Abhorsen." They were once slated by HarperCollins to appear in 2010 and 2011. On 11 March 2013, Nix announced via his Twitter account that "Clariel" had been sent to his agents and editors. Nix announced in his blog that the release date of the book has been set for October 5, 2014, and he anticipates a simultaneous release in the USA, Australia/NZ and the UK.
Magic.
The Charter and Free Magic.
In the Old Kingdom, magic takes two forms: Free Magic or Charter Magic. While the former is older and natural in origin, the latter is imposed (in-universe, by the immortal 'Seven Bright Shiners') as an assurance of order, and is thereafter invoked as a god by mortal characters. Some Free Magic remains in the world, mainly in various breeds of monster (four are named: Stilken, Margrue, Hish, and Hrule). The Charter is described as an "endless flow" of symbols describing the universe in its entirety; each used by magicians to achieve psychokinesis. The composition of spells ranges from single Charter marks to long series sometimes requiring a 'master mark' and sometimes a physical focus (typically a sword or wand). Though Free Magic is 'corrosive' to living things and Charter Magic, Free Magic spells are required to pass the Gates of Death, and the calls of the necromantic bells are Free Magic spells that serve the Charter. Although the Abhorsen may use Free Magic without suffering long-term ill effects, typical necromancers are ultimately "devoured by the Free Magic they profess to master". Practitioners of Charter Magic have a Charter Mark drawn on their forehead at birth. Marks unsullied by Free Magic are used to identify true Charter Mages (as opposed to Free Magic sorcerers or constructs in disguise).
The Five Great Charters:
In "Sabriel", the Five Great Charters are identified by a song:
"Five Great Charters knit the land.
"Together linked, hand in hand.
"One in the people who wear the Crown.
"Two in the folk who keep the Dead down.
"Three and Five became stone and mortar.
"Four sees all in frozen water."
This rhyme dictates that at some point in history the Five Great Charters poured their power into physical objects, or human bloodlines. The bloodlines are those of the royals, the Abhorsen, and the Clayr. The objects are the Great Charter Stones and the Wall that separates the Old Kingdom from Ancelstierre. The Great Charter Stones are located in an underground reservoir in the Old Kingdom capital, Belisaere, and are the sources of Charter Magic in the Old Kingdom. Due in part to the influence of the Wall, magic, both Free and Charter, exists only in the Old Kingdom; but can be practised in northern Ancelstierre, and further south if there is a strong wind from the Old Kingdom.
Bestiary.
Strictly speaking, there are five basic supernal creatures in the Old Kingdom series:
The Dead:
Broadly speaking, the Dead are once-living spirits with both the inclination and the ability to resist the River of Death. Though a very rare few emerge into Life on their own power, most must be summoned by a necromancer or emerge near a broken Charter Stone (where the Charter's influence has been severely diminished, creating a "door into Death") or spirit rift (if many deaths occur in a given region). All Dead are averse to both sunlight and running water, which destroy the magic keeping them in Life.
There are two classes of Dead: Lesser and Greater. The Greater Dead are usually represented by Dead from beyond the Fifth Gate (spirits from the deeper realms of Death and correspondingly more powerful). These creatures are much more difficult to either bind or destroy. Examples of the Greater Dead include Chlorr of the Mask (a former necromancer, implied a former Abhorsen) and Kerrigor (a crown-prince desirous of immortality and dominance). Greater Dead, such as Fifth-Gate Resters or Dead Adepts, may exist in Life without a physical body (making them much more difficult to destroy).
The Lesser Dead, refers to such creatures as Dead Hands, Ghlims, Mordauts, and Gore Crows. These creatures must find or receive a body in order to return to Life. Shadow Hands are specialized Hands (more intelligent and dangerous than the usual 'Hand') that do not require a physical body. Lesser Dead may be incapacitated by immersing them in running water or by destroying their physical bodies with Charter Magic or explosives. Shadow Hands, by contrast, are impossible to harm by strictly physical means, but may be unraveled by specialized Charter Magic spells or returned to Death by means of the necromantic bells. Most Dead prey on the living to remain in Life.
Constructs:
Free Magic constructs are worn by Free Magic elementals or powerful Dead spirits (such as Kerrigor) and used as a disguise or avatar for the elemental or spirit within. Free Magic constructs are usually formed from a mixture of dead animals and inorganic matter. One such construct was used as a disguise for a Free Magic elemental; it was made from "Free Magic and the flesh of swine". Another example is a Ferenk, ancient scavengers composed of stone and mud. Though such constructs may be destroyed, destroying the Elemental itself is much more difficult and typically the province of Free Magic.
Mordicants:
These are fiery constructs of bog-clay and blood, animated by Free Magic and guided by a Greater Dead spirit able to move between Life and Death at will. They are fierce combatants, and seem to have enhanced senses, able to track specific targets over hundreds of miles, resisting sun and running water to do so. "Mordicant" is an adjective from the Latin present participle, meaning "gnawing".
Free Magic Elementals:
These are free-willed beings wholly composed of Free Magic. The most common elementals belong to specific "breeds" (such as Stilken, Magrue, Jerreq, or Hish), while the most powerful are unique, or "of a singular nature". Though "many thousands" of Free Magic Elementals escaped the creation of the Charter, most were later imprisoned or enslaved by it. Of the remainder, "no truly dangerous creature of Free Magic has woken in a thousand years, save to the sound of Mosrael and Saraneth, or by a direct summons using their secret names". Some cannot be destroyed except by a Free Magic sorcerer more powerful than they, or by immersion in running water (though Free Magic creatures of the Third Kindred, or those infused with the essence of the Nine, are exempt from this rule). Charter Magic is typically ineffectual: the power of the Charter is in binding, not destruction, and each Free Magic being must be bound in a specific way.
Charter Sendings:
Charter Sendings are servants or sentries constructed entirely of Charter Marks. Many may only act within a given function, which can be of indefinite complexity. Certain fixtures excepted (such as a surcoat or insignia), Charter Sendings do not possess a concrete physical shape, and derive identity primarily from their function. They are capable of emotive response, but show little desire except to fulfill their mandates.
The Bells.
The bells of necromancy are seven eponymous bells used by necromancers to control the Dead, named after the Seven Bright Shiners who invested themselves in the Charter. From smallest to largest they are:
Ranna, the Sleeper, prompting drowsiness in the auditor;
Mosrael, the Waker, transmitting the ringer further into Death but the auditor into Life;
Kibeth, the Walker, which gives the Dead freedom of movement or forces obedience, according to the ringer's intention;
Dyrim, the Speaker, used either to revive or annul the auditor ability to speak;
Belgaer, the Thinker, used to restore or remove memory;
Saraneth, the Binder, a favorite of the Abhorsens, used to control the Dead directly; and
Astarael, the Weeper, also named Sorrowful, which causes irreversible death of both ringer and auditor.
Each bell has a specific power over the Dead and Free Magic creatures, and if used by a skilled necromancer, also on living people. An errant or improper ring can affect the caster instead of the target, or cause other adverse effects. The Abhorsens' bells are a "free-willed blend of Charter and Free Magic", though the spells they cast are "pure Free Magic".
The Nine Bright Shiners.
The most advanced and powerful Free Magic elementals, of which seven created the Charter and are represented by the necromancers' bells. Of the remaining two, Yrael chose neutrality and later became Mogget, the Abhorsens' companion. Orannis, "last and mightiest of the Nine", opposed the Charter and was imprisoned by the Seven. According to "An Extract of the Journal of Idrach the Lesser Necromancer", a text posted on the series' website, the correlation of the Seven and the necromantic bells includes the Precincts of Death, with each bell equalling a specific Precinct. This would suggest that the additional precincts are parallel to the 8th and 9th "Bright Shiners", with the eighth Precinct presumably Yrael's and the Ninth belonging to Orannis.
Because Astarael appears under Abhorsen's House and Kibeth as the Disreputable Dog, it can be inferred that Ranna, Mosrael, Dyrim, Belgaer, and Saraneth became the Five Great Charters. It is arguable also that Saraneth and Ranna invested themselves in the Abhorsen and Clayr bloodlines; but the Abhorsens are referred to as "Astarael's get" in "The Creature in the Case", and Astarael herself appears (as said before) under the Abhorsens' center of operation, which Kibeth identifies as the likeliest of her locations. Neither the song about the Great Charters nor the bells chosen by the various representatives of the Charter in the second binding of Orannis (Book 3) should indicate the disposition of the Seven within the Charter, given that these choices were motivated primarily by each person's history and personal preferences (as when Touchstone chooses Ranna for his long suspended animation).
Yrael, also known as Mogget, initially refused to take a side for or against Orannis, and was therefore later enslaved to the Abhorsen by the other immortals. Whenever unbound, he tries to kill the current Abhorsen; however, during Orannis' second binding, he assists in the binding ritual. To Sabriel, Lirael, and Sameth, Mogget appears as a small white cat; to Terciel, Sabriel's father and predecessor as Abhorsen, Mogget adopted a different (unknown) name and appeared as an albino dwarf. Mogget cannot use his dwarf-form without the permission of the current Abhorsen or Abhorsen-in-Waiting: Jerizael, the forty-eighth Abhorsen, forbade him from doing so for reasons unknown. At the end of the series, he re-appears as a cat.
In "Lirael", when Orannis possesses Nicholas Sayre and speaks to the necromancer Hedge, the story of the Binding is told in song:
"I'll sing you a song of the long ago.
"Seven shine the Shiners, oh!
"What did the Seven do way back when?
"Why, they wove the Charter then!
"Five for the warp, from beginning to end.
"Two for the woof, to make and mend.
"That's the Seven, but what of the Nine--
"What of the two that chose not to shine?
"The Eighth did hide, hide all away,
"But the Seven caught him and made him pay.
"The Ninth was strong and fought with might,
"But lone Orannis was put out of the light,
"Broken in two and buried under hill,
"Forever to lie there wishing us ill."
Death.
Death is described as an infinitely wide river, spanning the horizons. Almost everything in Death is a bleak grey, and a subtle grey fogginess limits visibility. The river may also contain and conceal hostile dead beings, who attack living travelers. Only Abhorsens, Remembrancers, or Free Magic Necromancers can cross the boundary at will. Dead spirits can cross only when aided by a Necromancer, or when the border is weakened by a concentration of (often violent) deaths.
Death consists of Nine Precincts divided by Nine Gates, through which a grey river flows. Dexterity and great willpower are required to resist the current, which is psychological as well as physical. There exists a Free Magic spell by which Abhorsens and Necromancers can easily pass back through Gates; Dead cannot do so unless they are very powerful. Each Precinct contains a different peril.
The First Precinct is mostly knee-deep water, but has eddies and pools dangerous to the interloper. It can be thought of as the entrance to Death. Its Gate is a huge waterfall.
The Second Precinct has pitfalls throughout its domain and low visibility; its Gate is a whirlpool.
The Third Precinct has slightly warmer ankle-deep water and visibility is slightly improved. Periodic, irresistible waves carry dead creatures through the Gate (a wall of mist), often beyond the final Ninth Gate.
The Fourth Precinct has a low concentration of Dead, as most of those who reach it have been stunned by the Third Precinct's waves, and are carried easily to the dangerous and deceptively short waterfall that comprises its Gate.
The Fifth Precinct is too deep to wade, and must be crossed by a thin black bridge that frequently attracts dead creatures. The water in the Fifth Precinct has strong mutagenic properties, and is implied to be partially responsible for the monstrous appearance of some Greater Dead and necromancers. The Gate is a vertical river rising from the floor.
The Sixth Precinct has no current, and its water is present as a shallow pool. There are many Dead creatures in this Precinct, some of whom are Greater Dead. The Gate has no substance and can appear anywhere, but appears as a lift bordered by a cylinder of water.
The Seventh Precinct is not described, though presumably it is similar to the First and Fourth Precincts. Its Gate is a line of fire that stretches across the river.
The Eighth Precinct resembles the First and Fourth, but interspersed with flashes of fire. The Eighth Gate is a wall of darkness, which needs a spell to send a necromancer into the Ninth Precinct.
The Ninth Precinct is an endless pool of deep, still, clear water. It is warmer than the other precincts and there is no fog, allowing a necromancer to see in every direction. The Ninth Gate, resembling a starry sky, confirms the final death of any who look upon it, except those to whom remain a native span of years. Those claimed by the Gate rise at varying speeds and vanish, never to return.
People.
Abhorsens.
The Abhorsens are the ancestry whose charge is maintaining the border between life and death, though inheritance is not always direct; the next Abhorsen could be a niece or cousin or sibling, rather than the current Abhorsen's child. The Abhorsen combines Charter Magic and Free Magic in his/her bells to control the dead, righting the wrongs created by Necromancers or Free Magic organisms. The Abhorsens' stronghold, called Abhorsen's House, is located on an island in close proximity to a great waterfall; the associated rapids complement the magical wards of the House in keeping the Dead from accessing it. In "Nicholas Sayre and the Creature in the Case", the antagonist Hrule calls them "Astarael's get".
The origin of the name "Abhorsen" in the book's world is unknown, but Nix may have chosen the name referencing "Abhorson", the executioner in Shakespeare's Measure for Measure.
The Clayr.
The Clayr are an oracular group composed nearly entirely of women, who live in a snowy mountain called the Clayr's Glacier, located in the northern part of the Old Kingdom. Nearly all are beautiful and possess nut-brown skin, very pale blond hair, and eyes of blue or green. The Glacier is also home to the Great Library of the Clayr, which is a library filled with many lost treasures and horrors, such as the Stilken and the Disreputable Dog found by Lirael. Due to the Clayr's precognitive Sight, there are often rooms created for events which will unfold decades or centuries down the line, such as the room in which Lirael discovers her fate.
Places.
The Old Kingdom.
The Old Kingdom is the setting for most of the series. It is implied that the Old Kingdom exists in a separate dimension or reality than the rest of the planet, in particular the nation on its southern border, Ancelstierre. Ancelstierre and the Old Kingdom travel differently through time, with the hour of the day and the season of the year rarely in synchrony; therefore it is possible for to spend more time in the Old Kingdom than is absent from Ancelstierre.
Two hundred years before "Sabriel", the reigning Queen and her two daughters were murdered by Kerrigor and their blood used to break two of the six Great Charter Stones. This event was followed by two hundred years of interregnum, 180 years of regency first and 20 years of anarchy following the death of the last Regent.
Ancelstierre.
It has been suggested, in a question/answer section of "", by the Disreputable Dog (in Lirael), and some online sources that The Old Kingdom and Ancelstierre are two different universes/worlds, that overlap slightly at the area known as the Wall. The Old Kingdom also has a northern border which is a river gorge, much farther north than The Clayr's Glacier, where it impinges on another world.

</doc>
<doc id="9891219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891219" title="Dennis Leyckes">
Dennis Leyckes

Dennis Leyckes (born 20 April 1982 in Krefeld) is a German decathlete. 
His personal best score is 8310 points, achieved in June 2006 in Ratingen.
His father Dieter Leyckes won the decathlon silver medal at the 1979 European Junior Championships. He is coached by Torsten Voss.

</doc>
<doc id="9891220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891220" title="FujiGen">
FujiGen

FujiGen Gakki フジゲン 楽器 is a musical instrument manufacturer based at Matsumoto in Japan and is named after the famous Mount Fuji. Gen means stringed instruments and Gakki means musical instrument - the name being literally translated as "Fuji Stringed Musical Instruments". FujiGen does OEM guitar manufacturing for well known guitar brands and they also manufacture their own brands of guitars such as Heartfield and FgN.
History.
FujiGen started production in 1960, making violins and Classical guitars. In 1962 FujiGen started production of electric guitars. In the 1970s FujiGen started making guitars (OEM) for companies such as Hoshino Gakki (Ibanez),
CSL (Antoria), Kanda Shokai (Greco guitars) and Yamaha. In 1977/1978 FujiGen went into a joint venture with Roland to produce guitar synthesizers. In 1981 FujiGen opted out of acoustic guitar production to mainly concentrate on solid body guitar production. FujiGen obtained a CNC router in mid 1981 for making guitar parts and also began to manufacture their own pickups starting in late 1981.
In 1981/1982 FujiGen obtained the Fender Japan contract which lasted until 1996/1997 and in 1983 FujiGen were producing 14,000 guitars a month with 80% of the guitars being made for export markets and 20% being made for Japanese domestic markets. In mid/late 1992 FujiGen obtained a part of the Orville by Gibson contract which ended in 1998 and from then on have made Epiphone Japan solid body guitars, some Gretsch models and their own branded FgN guitars. FujiGen still do OEM guitar manufacturing for companies like Ibanez and Epiphone but in much smaller quantities than in the past. FujiGen has 3 factories, the Omachi factory in Nagano, the Hirooka factory (established around 1992) in Nagano and the Matsumoto head office factory in Nagano.
Other Japanese OEM Guitar Manufacturers.
Tokai (Tōkai Guitars) were established in 1947 at Hamamatsu and have built guitars for many well-known brands over the years. They have their own Tokai brand guitars. They currently build some of the Fender Japan guitars.
Dyna Gakki were established in 1972 at Nagano and currently build some of the Fender Japan guitars and also build some of the Gretsch guitars as well. Dyna Gakki made the early 1980s Ibanez Blazer guitars for Hoshino Gakki and have also made Greco guitars for Kanda Shokai. Dyna Gakki made the Yamaki/Daion/Founder/Joodee solid body guitars for Daion in the 1970s and early 1980s (the Daion "Joodee" brand should not be confused with the "T and Joodee" brand by Japanese luthier Shiroh Tsuji).
Terada were established in 1912 at Nagoya and concentrate mostly on making Semi-acoustic and Acoustic guitars and have made guitars for Ibanez, Orville by Gibson, Epiphone Japan, Gretsch and other well-known brands as well. At their production peak (in the late 1970s/1980s/early 1990s) they were producing around 10,000 guitars a month using 3 factories, the Higashiku factory, the Kanie factory and the Shirakawa factory.
Terada's output is now about an 1/8 of what it was at their peak and they are still actively producing guitars at their Kanie factory.
Ida Gakki (Iida) were established in 1958 at Nagoya and have made Solid Body, Semi-acoustic and Acoustic guitars for well-known brands such as Ibanez, Yamaha and Caparison. Ida Gakki (Iida) also own the Peerless guitar factory in Korea.
Kasuga were established in 1935 at Nagoya and made the Heerby and Ganson Gibson replica guitars in the 1970s/1980s. They were involved in a joint venture with Roland for guitar synths in the late 1970s.
They also made Acoustic guitars for Yamaha in the 1980s before the Yamaha Acoustic production moved to Taiwan. They went out of business in the early/mid-1990s.
Matsumoku were established at Matsumoto and built Aria and Epiphone guitars and also built guitars for many other well-known brands in the 1970s/1980s. They went out of business around 1986/1987.
Chushin Gakki established in 1948 by K. Miyazawa at Nagano and have made electric guitars since 1961 since production of all other instruments ceased. They made Charvel and Jackson guitars, Robin in the early 1980s, as well as original designs, such as Bambu and El Maya (EM series), collaboration of Maya Musical Instrument CO and famous American manufacturer engineer (Alembic?), starting in the 1977 through the early 1980s.
Sources.
http://www.fujigen.co.jp/history/
1986/1987 tour of Fujigen factory, Rainer Daeschler.
http://www.daeschler.com/articles/fujigen/

</doc>
<doc id="9891230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891230" title="Llangybi, Monmouthshire">
Llangybi, Monmouthshire

Llangybi (also spelled Llangibby) is a village in Monmouthshire, in south east Wales, United Kingdom. It is located 3 miles south of the town of Usk and 5 miles north of Caerleon, in the valley of the River Usk.
History and buildings.
The village was traditionally founded by the 6th century Cornish Saint Cybi. According to legend, he is supposed to have crossed the Bristol Channel with ten followers. The life of St. Cybi, written much later and therefore including some questionable material, records that the local king, Edelig, threatened to evict them from his land, but as he approached them he fell from his horse, which died, and he and his men became blind. Edelig then prostrated himself and gave his body and soul to God, and he and his attendants were immediately cured and the horse restored to life. Edelig then, in thanks, gave Cybi land for two churches, including the one which became known as Llangybi, and another at an unspecified location (possibly Llandegveth, a neighbouring village) where he is reported to have left a handbell.
Church of St. Cybi.
The existing church, dedicated to St. Cybi (or Cuby), has been described as ""one of the most interesting in the Usk valley"" and ""a delight"". The tower, nave and chancel all date from the 13th or 14th century, and the church has 17th century internal fittings, including the pulpit, font, and monuments to the local Williams family. There are also wall paintings dating from the late medieval period and the 17th century. One which is of particular interest is a "Christ of the trades", or more correctly a Sunday Christ, of which there are very few in the UK. Outside is the site of a traditional well, also named for St. Cybi.
Llangibby or Tregrug Castle.
The site of Llangibby Castle, alternatively sometimes known as Tregrug Castle, is located almost a mile outside the village. The estate, including an existing motte and bailey castle, came into the ownership of the de Clare family in 1245. A new large, ambitious and heavily fortified stone castle was started in the early 14th century possibly by Bogo de Clare, uncle of Gilbert de Clare who was killed at Bannockburn in 1314. For a while it was within the dispensation of the Despenser family and it may have been Hugh Despenser the Younger who began to build what remains of the late medieval construction. It was attacked during the revolt of Llywelyn Bren in 1316. After coming into Crown ownership it was sold to the Williams family of Usk in 1554. During the English Civil War the run-down castle was re-fortified and held by Sir Trevor Williams, 1st Baronet, an influential local man whose loyalties to his locality, community and family remained firm even though his loyalties to his King, patrons and the establishment were severely tested by events during that turbulent time. The castle was slighted as a result. Its ruins still remain, surrounded by dense woodland. They include a huge rectangular walled enclosure on the top of the hillside, surrounded by ditches, and including the remains of a large stone tower, known as the Lord's Tower, and a gatehouse. The Williams family built a new house nearby later in the 17th century; it was demolished in 1951. 
In 2010, the old castle remains at Tregrug (or Tregruk) were investigated by the Channel 4 series "Time Team". The programme concluded that the ditches surrounding the walls were Civil War defences, and that the castle had been substantially remodelled in the 17th century to provide a new main entrance and to landscape the area inside the walls to form a "pleasance" containing gardens and fountains.
The White Hart.
The White Hart inn, a grade II listed building, was first built in the early 16th century and was to become the property of Henry VIII as part of Jane Seymour's wedding dowry. A century later Oliver Cromwell is reputed to have used it as his headquarters in Monmouthshire during the English Civil War. The interior still retains no fewer than 11 fireplaces from the 17th century, a wealth of exposed beams, original Tudor period plasterwork and even a priest hole. The Catholic martyr David Lewis preached in the inn when the church was closed to him; he was executed in Usk in 1679. In 2003, "The Guardian" reported that T. S. Eliot made cryptic reference to this pub in his poem "Usk". Refurbishment of the inn ended in April 2007 and now provides a social and gastronomic centre for the surrounding area.
Multiple family murder.
In 1878 Spanish sailor Josef Garcia was convicted, at the Sessions House, Usk, of the murder in the village of William and Elizabeth Watkins and their three youngest children (Charlotte, 8 years, Alice, 5 years and Frederick, 4 years).
Amenities.
Llangybi is home to approximately 600 residents. There is a village shop and a community or village hall where all the residents can discuss things about the future of Llangybi, and where many social events are held. In the past it has doubled as a cinema; more frequently these days it is likely to host private functions or one of the many and varied musical groups. The church is still in constant and popular use and is now part of a parish grouping with Llanbadoc, Tredunnock and Coed-y-Paen. It also has a bell ringing club. The "The Devils Drop" is a steep hill which many people enjoy riding down on their bikes and which is popular with sledges in the snow. There are many public footpaths where one can walk and also a direct route to Usk, the nearest town. There is an annual "Hog Roast" which is an evening of music and a hog roasted on the spit.

</doc>
<doc id="9891243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891243" title="Climbing formwork">
Climbing formwork

Climbing formwork is a special type of formwork for vertical concrete structures that rises with the building process. While relatively complicated and costly, it can be an effective solution for buildings that are either very repetitive in form (such as towers or skyscrapers) or that require a seamless wall structure (using gliding formwork, a special type of climbing formwork).
Various types of climbing formwork exist, which are either relocated from time to time, or can even move on their own (usually on hydraulic jacks, required for self-climbing and gliding formworks).
Process.
Best known in the construction of towers, skyscrapers and other tall vertical structures, it allows the reuse of the same formwork over and over and over for identical (or very similar) sections / stories further up the structure. It can also enable very large concrete structures to be constructed in one single pour (which may take days or weeks as the formwork rises with the process), thus creating seamless structures with enhanced strength and visual appearance, as well as reducing construction times and material costs (at the joints which would otherwise require extra reinforcement / connectors).
The climbing formwork structure normally does not only contain the formwork itself, but also usually provides working space / scaffolds for construction crews. It may also provide areas for machinery and screens for weather protection, up to being fully enclosed while yet staying modular around a changing building structure.

</doc>
<doc id="9891257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891257" title="Jonas Junland">
Jonas Junland

Jonas Junland (born November 15, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently with Lahti Pelicans of the Liiga.
Playing career.
Junland was drafted 64th overall in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft by the St. Louis Blues. Junland played junior with Linköpings HC before making his professional debut in the Elitserien in the 2005–06 season.
On June 1, 2007, Junland signed a three-year entry level contract with the Blues. In his first North American season in 2008–09 he was assigned to the Blues AHL affiliate, the Peoria Rivermen and was named to the Planet USA All-Star Team at the AHL All-Star Game. He made his NHL debut on December 18, 2008 against the Washington Capitals in a 4-2 defeat. In the 2009–10 season, Junland was again named an AHL All-Star with the Rivermen. He recorded his first NHL points, both assists, in a 6-3 victory over the Anaheim Ducks on April 9, 2010.
Although still holding NHL aspirations, on April 29, 2010, Junland signed a one-year contract to return to the Elitserien with Färjestads BK.
After the beginning of the 2012–13 season, Junland was granted a release by Barys Astana of the Kontinental Hockey League and immediately joined Finnish club, Lahti Pelicans, for the remainder of the year on October 4, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9891270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891270" title="Frédéric Xhonneux">
Frédéric Xhonneux

Frédéric Xhonneux (born 11 May 1983 in Brussels) is a Belgian track and field athlete who competes in the decathlon. He is a former Belgian record holder in the event with a score of 8142 points, achieved in May 2008 in Desenzano del Garda at the Multistars meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="9891276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891276" title="List of Bible translations by language">
List of Bible translations by language

United Bible Societies reported that translations of at least part of the Bible have been made into more than languages, including complete Old or New Testaments in languages, including 55 sign languages, and the complete text of the Bible (Protestant canon) in 475 languages, as of December 2011. According to Wycliffe Bible Translators, have access to at least a book of the Bible, including languages with a book or more, language groups have access to the New Testament in their native language, and 518 language groups with complete Protestant canon as of September 2012. It is estimated by Wycliffe Bible Translators that there are 1,967 languages (representing around 200 million people) that have yet to have any form of Bible translation. They also estimate that there are currently around 2,000 languages which have projects to get the Bible translated in progress.

</doc>
<doc id="9891281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891281" title="A-Darter">
A-Darter

The A-Darter (Agile-Darter) also named V3E is a modern short-range infrared homing ("heat seeking") air-to-air missile, featuring countermeasures resistance with a 180-degree look angle and 120-degrees per second track rate, under development by South Africa's Denel Dynamics (formerly Kentron) and Brazil's Mectron, Avibras and Opto Eletrônica. It will equip South African Air Force's JAS 39 Gripen and Hawk 120; Brazilian Air Force's A-1M AMX, F-5BR and JAS 39 Gripen. It is expected to be operational in both Air Forces by 2014 and it will also be available for export.
Development.
Development of the A-Darter started in 1995, however it suffered from inadequate funding and changes to the SAAF's requirements. Mectron, Avibras and Atech joined the program in 2006 after a three-year negotiation process with US$52 million invested by the Brazilian Government in the project, estimated to be worth US$130 million. In that same year, Denel announced that it would use the latest solid-state inertial measurement unit, the SiIMU02 from BAE Systems, for mid course range guidance. The Brazilian company Opto Eletrônica has partnered with Denel Dynamics in the development of the missile imaging infrared seeker for thermal guidance.
Ground seeker tests were concluded in January 2010, while trajectory guidance and agility flight tests were performed in February 2010. Prototypes were sent to Saab AB in order to begin the integration of the missile to the Saab JAS 39 Gripen. Captive flight trials were concluded in March 2010. The first successful in-flight launch from a Gripen fighter took place on 17 June 2010.
In March 2012, Denel Dynamics disclosed that the missile, which will be ready for production by end of 2013, has entered the qualification phase. Several testing firings at Denel's Overberg Test Range were carried out from a Gripen in January 2012. Final testing included the use of high-speed target drones to simulate an aircraft by towing infrared targets at high speed.
In December 2012, the Brazilian air force commissioned Denel to build a factory in São José dos Campos, close to Mectron, Avibras and Opto Eletrônica.
Design.
The missile seeker can be slaved to the Helmet Mounted Display (HMD), allowing the pilot to track a target beyond the aircraft's radar scan envelope using the missile's high off-boresight capability, achieved by the pilot turning his head towards the target to lock-on, better known as “look and shoot”. The missile can then be launched and can immediately pull extreme g-force to reverse its course in order to engage a target behind the aircraft, sometimes called an "over-the-shoulder". Engage modes include Lock-On After Launch (LOAL) capability to engage targets outside its seeker's acquisition range, and Lock-On Before Launch (LOBL) capability where the target is identified and designated before launch. The two colour thermal imaging technology and a laser proximity fuse fitted on the missile provide multiple Electronic counter-countermeasures (ECCM) techniques with targeting algorithms including advanced spatial filtering techniques and velocity profiling.
The A-Darter has four major sections: guidance section, warhead, control, and rocket motor. It uses a streamlined design with low aerodynamic drag in a wingless airframe, ensuring ranges beyond those of traditional short-range missiles. It is fitted with a thrust vectoring control (TVC) system to provide agility up to 100 times the force of gravity (100G), which makes small corrections by slightly gimballing the main motor to slew the missile, by placing deflective surfaces called vanes within the rocket exhaust.
The absence of aluminium powder from the motor propellent inhibits production of a smoke trail, which means no visual warning for enemy aircraft. According to SAAF fighter pilots involved within the project, the A-Darter it is better than the IRIS-T in some respects.

</doc>
<doc id="9891303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891303" title="François Gourmet">
François Gourmet

François Gourmet (born 28 December 1982 in Libramont) is a Belgian decathlete. His personal best score is 7974 points, achieved at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka, Japan. He is a former Belgian record holder.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9891312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891312" title="Bible translations into German">
Bible translations into German

German language translations of the Bible have existed since the Middle Ages. The most influential is Luther's translation, which established High German as the literary language throughout Germany by the middle of the seventeenth century and which still continues to be most widely used in the Germanic world today.
Pre-Lutheran German Bibles.
There are still approximately 1,000 manuscripts or manuscript fragments of Medieval German Bible translations extant. The earliest known and partly still available Germanic version of the Bible was the fourth century Gothic translation of Wulfila (ca. 311-380). This version, translated primarily from the Greek, established much of the Germanic Christian vocabulary that is still in use today. Later Charlemagne promoted Frankish biblical translations in the 9th century. There were Bible translations present in manuscript form at a considerable scale already in the thirteenth and the fourteenth century (e.g. the New Testament in the Augsburger Bible of 1350 and the Old Testament in the Wenceslaus or Wenzel Bible of 1389). There is ample evidence for the general use of the entire vernacular German Bible in the fifteenth century. In 1466, before Martin Luther was even born, Johannes Mentelin printed the Mentel Bible, a High German vernacular Bible, at Strasbourg. This edition was based on a no-longer-existing fourteenth-century manuscript translation of the Vulgate from the area of Nuremberg. Until 1518, it was reprinted at least 13 times. In 1478-1479, two Low German Bible editions were published in Cologne, one in the Low Rhenish dialect and another in the Low Saxon dialect. In 1494, another Low German Bible was published in the dialect of Lübeck, and in 1522, the last pre-Lutheran Bible, the Low Saxon Halberstadt Bible was published. In total, there were at least eighteen complete German Bible editions, ninety editions in the vernacular of the Gospels and the readings of the Sundays and Holy Days, and some fourteen German Psalters by the time Luther first published his own New Testament translation. An Anabaptist translation by Ludwig Hetzer and Hans Denck was published at Worms in 1529.
Luther's Bible.
The most important and influential of translations of the Bible into German is the Luther Bible completed in 1534. The influence that Martin Luther's translation had on the development of the German language is often compared to the influence the King James Version had on English. The Luther Bible is currently used in a revised version from 1984, which was adapted to the new German orthography in 1999. Here also some revisions have taken place, e.g. "Weib" > "Frau". Despite the revisions, the language is still somewhat archaic and difficult for non-native speakers who want to learn the German language using a German translation of the Bible.
Froschauer Bible.
Zwingli's translation grew out of the "Prophezey", an exegetical workshop taking place on every weekday, with the participation of all clerics of Zürich, working at a German rendition of Bible texts for the benefit of the congregation. The translation of Martin Luther was used as far as it was already completed. This helped Zwingli to complete the entire translation five years before Luther. At the printing shop of Christoph Froschauer, the New Testament appeared from 1525 to 1529, and later parts of the Old Testament, with a complete translation in a single volume first printed in 1531, with an introduction by Zwingli and summaries of each chapter. This "Froschauer Bible", containing more than 200 illustrations, became notable as a masterpiece of printing at the time. The translation is mainly due to Zwingli and his friend Leo Jud, pastor at the St. Peter parish. The translation of the Old Testament was revised in 1540, that of the New Testament in 1574. Verse numbering was introduced in 1589.
Other translations after Luther's.
A Reformed translation by Johannes Piscator was published at Herborn from 1602 to 1604. Johannes Crellius (1599–1633) and Joachim Stegmann, Sr., did a German version of the Socinians' Racovian New Testament, published at Raków in 1630. A Jewish translation of the Tanakh by Athias was published in 1666, and reprinted in the "Biblia Pentapla" at Hamburg in 1711. 
In 1526, Beringer's translation of the New Testament was published at Speyer. In 1527, Hieronymus Emser did a translation of the New Testament based on Luther's translation and the Vulgate. In 1534, Johann Dietenberger, OP, used Emser's New Testament and Leo Jud's translation of the deuterocanonical books in a complete Bible published at Mainz; both Emser's and Dietenberger's prose partly followed the style of the pre-Lutheran translations. The Dietenberger Bible was published in various revisions. Kaspar Ulenberg's revision was published at Mainz in 1617, and at Cologne in 1630. Ulenberg's revision was the basis for the "Catholic Bible," the revision by Jesuit theologians published at Mainz in 1661, 1662, and so on. Th. Erhard, OSB, did a revision published at Augsburg in 1722, which was in its sixth edition by 1748. G. Cartier's revision was published at Konstanz in 1751. The revision by Ignatius von Weitenauer, SJ, was published at Augsburg in twelve volumes from 1783 to 1789.
Mendelssohn.
Moses Mendelssohn (a.k.a. Moses ben Menahem-Mendel and Moses Dessau) (1729–1786) translated part of the Torah into German, which was published in Amsterdam in 1778. The translation was honored by some Jews and Protestants, while some Jews banned it. The whole Pentateuch and Psalms was published in 1783, and was appreciated even in Christian circles. His version of the Song of Solomon was posthumously published in 1788.
Later Bible translations.
Daniel Gotthilf Moldenhawer's translation was published in 1774, Simon Grynaeus' in 1776, and Vögelin's of the new testament in 1781. 
Heinrich Braun, OSB, did a new translation of the Vulgate, published at Augsburg from 1788 to 1797. Johann Michael Feder's revision of this was published at Nuremberg in 1803. Feder's revision was the basis of Joseph Franz Allioli's revision, published at Landshut in 1830 and 1832, and often republished. 
Dominic de Brentano translated the New Testament and the Pentateuch and Anton Dereser translated the rest of the Bible; this was published at Frankfurt in sixteen volumes from 1815 to 1828, and then was revised by Johann Martin Augustin Scholz and published in seventeen volumes from 1828 to 1837.
Wilhelm Martin Leberecht de Wette and Augusti did a translation that was published at Heidelberg from 1809 to 1814, and the revision by Wette was published from 1831 to 1833. Rabbi Michael Sachs worked with Arnheim and Füchs on a new translation of the Tenakh published at Berlin in 1838.
Loch and Reischl did a translation from the Vulgate, compared with the Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek, published at Regensburg from 1851 to 1866.
Contemporary Bible translations.
A modern German translation is the Catholic "Einheitsübersetzung" ("unified" or "unity translation"), so called because it was the first common translation used for all Catholic German-speaking dioceses. The text of the New Testament and the Psalms of the was agreed on by a committee of Catholic and Protestant scholars, and therefore was intended to be used by both Roman Catholics and Protestants especially for ecumenical services, while the remainder of the Old Testament follows a Catholic tradition. However, the Protestant Church of Germany refused to continue the cooperation for the current revision of the .
Other well known German language Bible versions are: Zürcher Bibel, Elberfelder, Schlachter, Buber-Rosenzweig (OT only), Pattloch, Herder, Hoffnung für Alle (Hope for All), Die Gute Nachricht (The Good News), Gute Nachricht Bibel (Good News Bible, revision of "Gute Nachricht").

</doc>
<doc id="9891318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891318" title="Mike Fox (soccer)">
Mike Fox (soccer)

Michael “Mike” Fox (born September 24, 1961) is a retired American soccer midfielder. He began his professional career with the New York Cosmos in 1983 and ended it with the Los Angeles Heat in 1994. In between those two teams, he played for numerous teams in multiple indoor and outdoor league. He also earned seventeen caps with the U.S. national team and was a member of the U.S. 1984 Olympic soccer team.
College.
Fox attended college at Cal State Fullerton where he played on the men’s soccer team. He was a prolific scorer during his college career, netting 10 goals in 1980, 11 in 1981 and 17 in 1982. He also holds the school’s season record for assists with 13 in 1980. In 1982, Fox was selected as a second team All American.
Professional.
The New York Cosmos of the American Soccer League selected Fox in the 1983 NASL College Draft. He played with the team from 1983 to 1984. Fox played one season with the Las Vegas Americans of the Major Indoor Soccer League from 1984 to 1985. He played seven games, scoring one goal with the Wichita Wings during the 1993-1994 National Professional Soccer League season. He played the 1986 Western Soccer Alliance season with the Los Angeles Heat. In August 1990, he signed a three year contract with the California Emperors of the American Professional Soccer League. However, the Emperors folded at the end of the season. In February 1991, he signed with the St. Louis Storm. In October 1991, he moved to the Milwaukee Wave of the National Professional Soccer League. In January 1992,he suffered a season ending knee injury. He also spent two seasons, 1993 and 1994 with the Los Angeles Salsa of the American Professional Soccer League.
National and Olympic teams.
While playing for the Cosmos, Fox also played for the U.S. Olympic Team as it prepared for the 1984 Olympics. During those two years, he was the team’s leading scorer. He played all three U.S. games at the 1984 Summer Olympics While the IOC allowed professionals at the 1984 Olympics, FIFA does not the games as full internationals. Therefore, these games and Fox’s goals in them to not count as part of his stats with the national team. Fox earned seventeen caps with the national team between 1984 and 1988. His last official U.S. game was a scoreless tie with Ecuador on June 12, 1988.
He coaches for United F.C., a youth club, in California.

</doc>
<doc id="9891324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891324" title="Evolution (advertisement)">
Evolution (advertisement)

Evolution is an advertising campaign launched by Unilever in 2006 as part of its Dove Campaign for Real Beauty, to promote the newly created Dove Self-Esteem Fund. The centre of the Unilever campaign is a 75-second spot produced by Ogilvy & Mather in Toronto, Canada. The piece was first displayed online on 6 October 2006, and was later broadcast as a television and cinema spot in the Netherlands and the Middle East. The ad was created from the budget left over from the earlier "Daughters" campaign, and was intended to be the first in a series of such online-focused spots by the company. Later pieces include "Onslaught" and "Amy". "Evolution" was directed by Canadian director Yael Staav and Tim Piper, with sound design handled by the Vapor Music Group, and post-production by SoHo.
The advert was a critical, popular, and financial success. It won a number of awards in the advertising industry, including two Cannes Lions Grand Prix awards and an Epica D'Or. It has been discussed in many mainstream television programmes and print publications, and the exposure generated by the spot has been estimated to be worth over $150M. "Evolution" has also spawned numerous unofficial alternate versions, including a title sequence to a BBC sketch show and the short parody Slob Evolution, which has gone on to itself be nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award.
Sequence.
The film opens with a "pretty, but ordinary girl" (Canadian cartoonist and television producer Stephanie Betts, whom joint director Tim Piper later married) entering and sitting down in a studio. Two harsh lights are switched on and the first bars of The Flashbulb's "Passage D," a breakcore-piece with piano accompaniment, are heard. The short credits sequence provides the title of the film and credit to Dove. The camera then switches to a time lapse sequence, showing makeup & hair artist Diana Carreiro making Betts up and adjusting her hair, transforming her into a "strikingly beautiful billboard model." When the final physical adjustments of Betts's appearance have been made, the team members all move off-camera and a series of camera flashes begins as the photographer takes shots of Betts in various poses.
One shot is selected from the batch and moved into a generic image editing software interface, where a series of "Photoshopping" adjustments are made to alter Betts's appearance even further, including, but not limited to: lengthening her neck, adjusting the curve of her shoulders, altering her hair and skin, and enlarging her eyes and mouth. The final image of Betts, now rendered almost unrecognizable, is then transferred to a billboard advertisement for the fictional "Easel" (or "Fasel") brand of foundation makeup, and the video fades to the statement, "No wonder our perception of beauty is distorted." The film ends with an invitation to take part in the "Dove Real Beauty Workshops," the logo for the Dove Self-Esteem Fund, and, in some versions, the website address of Unilever-Dove's Campaign For Real Beauty, for which the film was originally produced.
Background.
The Dove Campaign For Real Beauty was launched by Unilever in 2003, to coincide with the expansion of the Dove brand from soaps and other cleansing solutions to health and beauty products in general, including deodourants, shower gels, hair-care and skin-care products. The first stage of the campaign centred around a series of billboard advertisements, initially put up in the United Kingdom, and later worldwide. The spots showcased photographs of regular women (in place of professional models), taken by noted portrait photographer Annie Leibovitz. The ads invited passers-by to vote on whether a particular model was, for example, "Fat or Fab" or "Wrinkled or Wonderful", with the results of the votes dynamically updated and displayed on the billboard itself. Accompanying the billboard advertisements was the publication of the "Dove Report", a corporate study which Unilever intended to "a new definition of beauty [which will free women from self-doubt and encourage them to embrace their real beauty."
The series received significant media coverage from talk shows, women's magazines, and mainstream news broadcasts and publications, generating media exposure which Unilever has estimated to be worth more than 30 times the paid-for media space. Following this success, the campaign expanded into other media, with a series of television spots ("Flip Your Wigs" and the "Pro-Age" series, among others) and print advertisements ("Tested on Real Curves"), culminating in the 2006 "Little Girls" global campaign, which featured regional versions of the same advertisement in both print and screen, for which Unilever purchased a 30-second spot in the commercial break during Super Bowl XL at an estimated cost of US$2.5M.
In 2006, Ogilvy & Mather were seeking to extend the campaign further, by creating one or more viral videos to host on the Campaign for Real Beauty website. The first of these, "Daughters," was an interview-style piece intended to show how mothers and daughters related to issues surrounding the modern perception of beauty and the beauty industry. It was during the production of "Daughters" that a series of short films titled "Beauty Crackdown," one of which was "Evolution," was promoted to Unilever as an "activation idea." The concept was one that art director Tim Piper pushed; he proposed to have "Evolution" produced using the money left over from the budget for "Daughters." (This ended up amounting to a total of C$135,000.) It was originally intended to get people to the Campaign for Real Beauty website to see "Daughters," and to participate in the workshops featured on the site.
Production.
The team brought together for the ad included director Yael Staav, the first female director to win a Cannes Lion (for "Hugging," a campaign for the ALS Society of Canada), fashion photographers Tiko Poulakakis and Gabor Jurina, makeup artist Diana Carreiro, art director Tim Piper, and Piper's then-girlfriend Stephanie Betts as the model. Betts, a cartoonist and producer of Canadian animated television programming such as "Producing Parker," was chosen as the model for "Evolution" in part because Piper was first inspired to write the piece after seeing the amount of time his girlfriend spent applying make-up, and he felt that she would be an ideal "representation of the norm," highlighting the extreme changes that models undergo in the fashion industry. She was originally dubious about taking on the role, but later stated that she was proud that she joined the campaign.
The actual production itself took place over the course of a single day, and over two-and-a-half hours of footage was taken for the make-up portion of the film. This was eventually condensed to 23 seconds in the final version. The stage was dressed in a manner identical to that of modern fashion shoots, with the lighting and camera being positioned to remove any shadows from Betts's face to aid in the post-production retouching. Sound design took three weeks, and was divided into two sections. Fifteen hours were spent creating several mixes of "Passage D" with each mix tested and discarded before the version used in the final film was settled upon. A further nine hours were spent adding in the various background noises to the piece, including sped-up human voices, a starter pistol and galloping racehorses.
Post-production at SoHo was originally planned to take approximately three days, but it was extended to two weeks. Gabor Jurina, the photographer responsible for the digital retouching of the actual photographs taken of Betts during the shoot, supplied the post-production team with 118 digital stills of the intermediate stages of the transformation from the "real" photograph of the made-up Betts to the final image shown on the billboard. These were re-cut and assembled to create the functions shown in the "Photoshopping" sequence, such as stretching Betts's neck and adjusting the size of certain of her facial features. Other post-production work included stabilising Betts's head in the center of the shot during the make-up sequence, covering certain continuity errors, creating and compositing the billboard advertisement, and constructing a false image-editing interface.
Release and reception.
"Evolution" was incorporated into the Canadian Campaign for Real Beauty website on 6 October 2006 in order to coincide with the start of the Los Angeles Fashion Week, and was uploaded by art director Tim Piper to video sharing website YouTube shortly after. While it has remained a largely internet-based campaign, "Evolution" has appeared as a television commercial in the Netherlands and the Middle East, and in the U.S. inside commercial breaks in "The Hills".
Once uploaded, the advert was viewed over 40,000 times in its first day, 1,700,000 times within a month of its upload, and 12,000,000 times within its first year. Even without having appeared offline, the advert was discussed by a number of mainstream television programmes, including "Good Morning America", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", and "The View", and news networks such as CNN, NBC, and ABC News, with the overwhelming majority coming out in support of the campaign's message. Spaces at the mother and daughter workshops sold out almost immediately, and the total exposure generated through the $50,000 piece was estimated by Ogilvy & Mather in October 2006 as being worth around $150M. Comparisons have often been drawn up between the campaign and Dove's earlier purchase of a 30-second spot for "Little Girls" during the Super Bowl XL. The Super Bowl spot cost an estimated $2.5M, reached an audience of 500 million, and generated only one third of the boost in traffic to the Campaign for Real Beauty website of "Evolution". The spot was also credited for its part in producing double-figure growth in sales of Dove product, and Unilever reported that its overall sales in the period following the release of "Evolution" rose by 5.8%, up from 3.9% the previous year.
"Evolution" was particularly popular with critics within the advertising industry, and has garnered a number of awards since its debut in October 2006. It was the favourite in the run up to the Cannes Lions to win the festival's Grand Prix in the Cyber category, generally considered one of the most prestigious awards in the industry. Ultimately, the prize went to three entries: "Nike+", advertising the Nike brand, "Heidies 15 MB of Fame", promoting fashion company Diesel S.p.A.'s website and products, and "Evolution". "Evolution" also went on to win the Grand Prix in the Film category, beating "Pretty" from Nike, Inc., "Paint" for Sony's BRAVIA line of high-definition television sets, and "The Power of Wind" for the Wind Energy Initiative. The victory attracted a certain amount of controversy, as the jury switched "Evolution" from the "Fundraising & Appeals" category, whose entries are ineligible to win the Grand Prix, to the "Corporate Image" category at the last minute. Chairman of the jury Bob Scarpelli said of the decision "We moved it into another category because we felt that strongly about it. We were not trying to break rules or set precedents, we just went with our hearts and minds, and asked the festival if we could move it." As a result of the win, "Evolution" became the first entry in the festival's history to take home Grand Prix awards from two categories and the first web-based advertisement to win in the Film category (followed in 2009 by Philips' "Carousel")
The piece went on to win a number of other awards, including a silver Clio Award (in the Toiletries/Pharmaceuticals category), the Film Grand Prix and two Gold prizes at the London International Awards, an Epica D'Or and Gold Prize in the Interactive category of the Epica Awards, among others.
Legacy.
"Slob Evolution".
The popularity of "Evolution" and its presence on many video-sharing websites led inevitably to a large number of alternate versions and parodies being uploaded by the public. In under six months, parodies on YouTube alone received over 5 million hits between them, Of these, by far the most successful was a professionally-made piece entitled "Slob Evolution".
"Slob Evolution" is an Emmy Award-nominated short film created as a parody of the original "Evolution" spot in late 2006. The piece was directed by Simon Willows, known for his work on the Volvic mineral water television and cinema commercials, and was produced by Claire Jones with the production company Blink Productions. Post-production work was done by Framestore CFC.
In "Slob Evolution," the role of the model is taken by a teenage boy who, instead of having make-up applied in the time-lapse sequence, is given fast food, alcoholic beverages, cigarettes, and a Blowjob, transforming over the course of thirty seconds into an overweight middle-aged slob. Further adjustments are made in a similar image-editing interface to that used in "Evolution,". The subject's neck is shortened, his features made more asymmetric, and a tattoo is added. The image is transferred to a billboard advertisement for the fictional "Lardo" brand of "man cream", and the piece ends with a fade to the statement, "Thank God our perception of reality is distorted. No one wants to look at ugly people."
The parody was uploaded to video-sharing website YouTube on December 4, 2006 and was promoted only through a seeding of 30 e-mails. Within its first month, "Slob Evolution" received over 278,000 hits. It went on to be nominated for a number of prestigious awards, including the "Comedy: Short Form" and "Viral" categories of the 2007 Webby Awards, and in the "Outstanding Broadband Comedy" category of the 2007 Daytime Emmy Awards. The popular and critical attention that Blink Productions received for "Slob Evolution" led to Tiger Aspect, the production company behind the 2007 BBC comedy sketch show "Ruddy Hell! It's Harry and Paul," contacting the production company to produce an introduction to the show in a similar vein.
The title sequence to "Ruddy Hell! It's Harry and Paul" begins with a shot of Morwenna Banks and Laura Solon. The familiar time-lapse sequence shows the pair being given several pints of lager, cigarettes, and fast food. Their hair is cut and their make-up removed as they slowly morph into Harry Enfield and Paul Whitehouse, the joint hosts of "Ruddy Hell! It's Harry And Paul." After brassieres are removed from the pair's shirts, the camera zooms out to show a billboard advertisement similar to that in "Slob Evolution," with the show's title displayed underneath.
Other works.
Shortly after releasing "Evolution" online, post-production company SoHo uploaded a five-minute making-of documentary, which includes interviews with creative directors Janet Kestin and Tim Piper, photographer Gabor Jurina, post-production director Paul Gowan, digital artists Kevin Gibson and Terry Rose, and sound designer Andrew Harris, who discuss the various stages of the post-production process behind the creation of the spot. The making-of also includes a shot of "Evolution"'s storyboard and a short segment of behind-the-scenes footage from the shoot itself, showing Stephanie Betts before and after the make-up process.
After the debut of "Evolution", Dove quickly ordered several follow-up online advertisements, the first two of which ("Onslaught" and "Amy") appeared online in October 2007. These were also written and directed by Tim Piper. The pair are predicted to prove at least as popular as "Evolution". Other companies have attempted to use the same formula, with mixed results. Among the more-commented on campaigns is "Beauty is...", launched by Nivea in 2007 and comprising television, print, and online segments which push the same message as the Dove campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="9891338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891338" title="Other Voices (Paul Young album)">
Other Voices (Paul Young album)

Other Voices is the fourth album by the British singer Paul Young. Released in June 1990, the album peaked at #4 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry for UK sales in excess of 100,000 copies.
The album contained four UK singles, "Softly Whispering I Love You" (UK #21), "Heaven Can Wait" (UK #71), "Calling You" (UK #57), and a cover of the The Chi-Lites' hit "Oh Girl" (UK #25, U.S. #8).

</doc>
<doc id="9891358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891358" title="Zinc pest">
Zinc pest

Zinc pest, (from German "Zinkpest"), is a destructive, intercrystalline corrosion process of zinc alloys containing lead impurities. It was first discovered to be a problem in 1923.
Zinc pest affects primarily die-cast zinc articles that were manufactured during the 1930s, 1940s, and early 1950s. In Germany, articles made from Zamak during World War II and several years thereafter may be affected. Purer alloys were not available to the manufacturers as they were used for the war effort, or were just not on the market after the war. While impurities of the alloy seem to be the cause of the problem, environmental conditions such as high humidity (greater than 65%) may accelerate the process. Also, significant temperature changes can be damaging. 
Affected objects may show surface irregularities such as blisters or pitting. They expand, buckle, tear, and in the end, crumble. The irreversible process will eventually destroy the object. Due to the expansion process, attached normal material may be damaged secondarily. Zinc pest is different from a superficial white oxidation process (""Weissrost"") that may affect some zinc articles.
Zinc pest is dreaded by collectors of old model trains, toys, or radios where the zinc die-cast process was used. Valuable items are rendered worthless but for their residual parts. Also parts of engines of older vehicles or airplanes and military medals may be affected.
Articles made after 1960 are generally considered free of the risk of zinc pest since the use of purer materials and more controlled manufacturing conditions make zinc pest degradation unlikely. However, some model aircraft and AFV produced between 2002-2003 by certain brands have fallen victim to zinc pest. 
Zinc pest is not related to tin pest.

</doc>
<doc id="9891361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891361" title="From Time to Time – The Singles Collection">
From Time to Time – The Singles Collection

From Time To Time - The Singles Collection is a compilation album by the British singer Paul Young. Released in 1991, it was Young's first "greatest hits" collection, compiling tracks from the past decade. 
The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number one (Young's third and final UK number one album) and has been certified Triple Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry for UK sales in excess of 900,000 copies.
A mastering error on some CD copies divided the track "Both Sides Now" into two sections. Exactly 2:00 of "Both Sides Now" appears at the end of track 11, before the song concludes on track 12.

</doc>
<doc id="9891367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891367" title="Goodwen">
Goodwen

Goodwen was formed officially in March 2003. Originally created as a Ska band, Goodwen has pioneered a genre all their own. Blending aggressive Indie rock with three-piece horn section created a very original sound.
Powerful and emotional music was the proverbial fuel for their incredibly energetic live show. The band, composed of seven members, has relentlessly toured the Midwest.
Goodwen currently has one full album, "En Memoria Vestrum", with plans to release a second in the future. They also have two demo CDs available. The song "Question Marks" has also been featured in the compilation from Future Destionation Records, "Reasons for Living".
Background.
Growing up in the househould of the signed banjo artist Todd Elam, Tyler and Jordan Elam, (guitar and drums), along with long-time friend Dustin Smith began creating music as early as 2000.
Gradually as they began to expand their musical skills, more projects were developed involving more musicians using a variety of different instruments. Cody Madonna, a longtime friend of Jordan, suggested the idea of beginning a Ska band. With this development came the addition of Armond Luckey and his amazing trumpet ability, Dustin Schamaun with a deep appreciation for the underlying tones of jazz saxophone, and Julie Heidorn on trombone.
GOODWEN - Is a six member group from Middletown, Ohio that plays "progressive horn rock". The musical style is broad-based due to the diverse tastes of the group. The sound can move from heavy to soft. There are those who mistake Goodwen for a Ska band because they have a trumpet and sax. Most assuredly, they are not.~FaithFest.net."
Goodwen has stated in their Cincy CDs interview that, though the band has horns and was originally thought to be a Ska band, Goodwen does not consider themselves to be a Ska band, nor do they wish to be thought of as a Ska band.
Members.
Current:
Past
Touring.
Over the years, Goodwen has shared stages with many bands such as: Blindside, The Elms, Ace Troubleshooter, Roper, Dead Poetic, Cartel, Showbread and others. Touring from Wisconsin to West Virginia, the band has performed over two hundred shows.
Often the band toured with their long-time friends The Red Racer, a prominently Indie rock band from Terre Haute, Indiana.
Goodwen has also made several performances at Ichthus Christian rock festival with attendance in the tens of thousands.
Discography.
"Reasons for Living".
Future Destinations Compilation
Reasons for Living
Videography.
DVD
Online Video Sample
Controversy-"a New Reality".
In late 2005 Goodwen was contacted by an anonymous solo performer dubbed A New Reality, who claimed that Goodwen had stolen his music without consent. The performer has no formal proof other than a recording of the song "A Glance at the Present from the Past" performed differently. There have since been no further accusations.
Future.
In early 2006, Cody Madonna declared that he would be taking a year-long certification course in Orlando, Florida to become a licensed Harley Davidson mechanic. Unable to perform without a bass guitar player, Goodwen decided to take a break. Though the official final show of Goodwen was March 3, 2006 at "4th and Main" in Franklin, Ohio, the band has since performed one reunion show at "The Garage" in Springboro Ohio From the message boards, with the return of Cody scheduled for the summer of 2007, Goodwen has plans to write and record new material. Members have also claimed that they expect a new album release mid to late summer of 2007, which will contain several songs already written in the Goodwen Archives as well as songs currently being written.
Media/News/Interviews.
Rocking at the Alter
Cincy CD's Interview
Cox News Goodwen Article
Goodwen News Video Footage (QuickTime)
Concert Listing

</doc>
<doc id="9891368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891368" title="Subgradient method">
Subgradient method

Subgradient methods are iterative methods for solving convex minimization problems. Originally developed by Naum Z. Shor and others in the 1960s and 1970s, subgradient methods are convergent when applied even to a non-differentiable objective function. When the objective function is differentiable, subgradient methods for unconstrained problems use the same search direction as the method of steepest descent.
Subgradient methods are slower than Newton's method when applied to minimize twice continuously differentiable convex functions. However, Newton's method fails to converge on problems that have non-differentiable kinks. 
In recent years, some interior-point methods have been suggested for convex minimization problems, but subgradient projection methods and related bundle methods of descent remain competitive. For convex minimization problems with very large number of dimensions, subgradient-projection methods are suitable, because they require little storage. 
Subgradient projection methods are often applied to large-scale problems with decomposition techniques. Such decomposition methods often allow a simple distributed method for a problem.
Classical subgradient rules.
Let formula_1 be a convex function with domain formula_2. A classical subgradient method iterates
where formula_4 denotes a subgradient of formula_5 at formula_6. If formula_7 is differentiable, then its only subgradient is the gradient vector formula_8 itself.
It may happen that formula_9 is not a descent direction for formula_7 at formula_11. We therefore maintain a list formula_12 that keeps track of the lowest objective function value found so far, i.e.
which is resultant convex optimized.
Step size rules.
Many different types of step-size rules are used by subgradient methods. This article notes five classical step-size rules for which convergence proofs are known:
For all five rules, the step-sizes are determined "off-line", before the method is iterated; the step-sizes do not depend on preceding iterations. This "off-line" property of subgradient methods differs from the "on-line" step-size rules used for descent methods for differentiable functions: Many methods for minimizing differentiable functions satisfy Wolfe's sufficient conditions for convergence, where step-sizes typically depend on the current point and the current search-direction.
Convergence results.
For constant step-length and scaled subgradients having Euclidean norm equal to one, the subgradient method converges to an arbitrarily close approximation to the minimum value, that is
These classical subgradient methods have poor performance and are no longer recommended for general use.
Subgradient-projection & bundle methods.
During the 1970s, Claude Lemaréchal and Phil. Wolfe proposed "bundle methods" of descent for problems of convex minimization. Their modern versions and full convergence analysis were provided by Kiwiel.
Constrained optimization.
Projected subgradient.
One extension of the subgradient method is the projected subgradient method, which solves the constrained optimization problem
where formula_24 is a convex set. The projected subgradient method uses the iteration
where formula_26 is projection on formula_24 and formula_4 is any subgradient of formula_7 at formula_30
General constraints.
The subgradient method can be extended to solve the inequality constrained problem
where formula_33 are convex. The algorithm takes the same form as the unconstrained case
where formula_35 is a step size, and formula_4 is a subgradient of the objective or one of the constraint functions at formula_37 Take
where formula_39 denotes the subdifferential of formula_7. If the current point is feasible, the algorithm uses an objective subgradient; if the current point is infeasible, the algorithm chooses a subgradient of any violated constraint.

</doc>
<doc id="9891417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891417" title="Charles François (systems scientist)">
Charles François (systems scientist)

Charles François (born September 5, 1922 ), is a Belgian administrator, editor and scientist in the field of cybernetics, systems theory and systems science, internationally known for his main work the "International Encyclopedia of Systems and Cybernetics". 
Biography.
Charles François was born in Belgium in 1922, and studied consular and commercial sciences at Brussels Free University. 
After the Second World War he emigrated to the Belgian Congo, where he stayed from 1945 to 1960, at first as an administrative officer in government and later on creating and developing his own commercial business. Later, he moved to South America to Argentina in 1963, and managed the commercial Office of the Belgian Embassy in Buenos Aires from 1966 to his retirement in 1987. 
François founded the Group for the Study of Integrated Systems (GESI), Argentine National Division of the International Society for the Systems Sciences (ISSS), in 1976, being presently its Honorary President. He is an Honorary Member of the International Federation for Systems Research (IFSR) and founding editor of the International Encyclopedia of Systems and Cybernetics, Honorary President of the Latin American Association of Systemics (ALAS), Honorary Professor of ITBA, Buenos Aires, and visiting Professor at various universities in Argentina. 
He became a member of systemic boards and integrates the editorial boards of various journals on Systems and Cybernetics.
In 2007 he received from the American Society for Cybernetics, the Norbert Wiener golden medal as a tribute for his work on cybernetics. 
Work.
In 1952 François came in contact with cybernetics through Norbert Wiener's "Cybernetics". In 1958 he joined the Society for General Systems Research now the International Society for the Systems Sciences (ISSS). Since 1970, François has participated in numerous meetings of various systems and cybernetics societies. 
Many courses and seminars on systemics and cybernetics were given by Charles François in Argentina and also in Perú at the IAS; the last edition of them is his "Curso de Teoría General de Sistemas y Cibernética con representaciones gráficas", a CD-Rom with more than 280 drawings edited by GESI in 2007. 
Publications.
François has published some books and dozens of articles and papers:
Books
Articles & papers, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="9891425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891425" title="Gaboxadol">
Gaboxadol

Gaboxadol also known as 4,5,6,7-tetrahydroisoxazolo(5,4-c)pyridin-3-ol (THIP) is an experimental sleep aid drug developed by Lundbeck and Merck. In March, 2007, Merck and H. Lundbeck cancelled work on the drug, citing safety concerns and the failure of an efficacy trial. It acts on the GABA system, but possibly in a different way from benzodiazepines, nonbenzodiazepines and barbiturates - (Valium, Sodium Pentothal, Ambien etc.). Lundbeck states that gaboxadol also increases deep sleep (stage 4). It is, however, not reinforcing like benzodiazepines are.

</doc>
<doc id="9891435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891435" title="Oskari Frösén">
Oskari Frösén

Oskari Frösén (born 24 January 1976 in Kristinestad) is a Finnish high jumper, who won a total of five national titles in the men's high jump event.
He won the 1995 European Athletics Junior Championships, finished ninth at the 2002 European Championships, eleventh at the 2005 World Championships, ninth at the 2006 European Championships, and eighth at the 2007 European Indoor Championships.
He also competed in the 2004 Olympics, but failed to qualify from his pool.
His personal best jump is , achieved in June 2001 in Kuortane. He has a better indoor mark of achieved in Tallinn in February 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9891449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891449" title="Peter Missing">
Peter Missing

Peter Missing (born Peter Colangelo, November 26, 1953) is a New York City artist, poet, musician, and activist who relocated to Berlin in 1993.
History.
Missing grew up in the Bronx during the 1950s and 60's, as a middle child of three siblings. He’s Italian and one-third Danish. His father was a postal worker who delivered to the Empire State Building. 
He founded the influential underground industrial band Missing Foundation while living in Hamburg, Germany in 1984 and imported it to the U.S. in 1985 with new members. The band has included about 20 members over its history. The name came from the East German police unit whose job it was to track down people who fled to West Germany. At shows Missing would sometimes set himself on fire as part of the performance. The band released five albums with Restless Records in L.A. including "Your House Is Mine" which was named Rock Album of the Week in the New York Times in 1988. 
Peter has been painting for the past 30 years and has works in over 30 museums in the U.S. and Europe including The Museum of Modern Art, The Whitney Museum of American Art, The Getty Institute, and the Stadt Museum in Berlin. Until oktober 2011 Pete had his gallery, Conto Gallery in Kunsthaus Tacheles in Berlin. 
Peter worked many years as a film set designer in Hamburg and taught art to troubled youth in different German schools. 
Peter now resides in Copenhagen - Denmark, where his gallery, Transmission (@ Ragnhildgade), is usually open some time during the day or evening. 
Besides the gallery and creative work, including music performances, Peter runs creative artwork classes to the local kids in the area at a nearby youth center.

</doc>
<doc id="9891486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891486" title="99.9F°">
99.9F°

99.9F° ("Ninety-Nine Point Nine Fahrenheit Degrees") is the fourth album by the American singer/songwriter Suzanne Vega. Released in 1992, the album marked a significant departure for Vega, as she embraced a more electronic-influenced, experimental sound. It peaked at #86 on Billboard Magazine album charts, as well as two songs to their Modern Rock charts, including "Blood Makes Noise," written with Kevin 'Doc' Sullivan of Skinny Puppy and Nine Inch Nails, which reached #1. The album was also Vega's fourth Top 20 album in the UK. Despite its low chart position in the US, the album was certified gold by RIAA in October 1997, which marks 500,000 copies sold. It also reached silver status in the UK by the BPI in March 1993. The LP remains out of print in US.
It was the first of two of Vega's albums to be produced by Mitchell Froom, whom she later married.

</doc>
<doc id="9891492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891492" title="List of Marist Brothers schools">
List of Marist Brothers schools

This is a list of schools at all levels founded by the Marist Brothers. The Marist Brothers is a Religious Institute founded by St. Marcellin Champagnat, with more than 3,500 Catholic Brothers dedicated "to make Jesus Christ known and loved" through the education of young people, especially those most neglected.

</doc>
<doc id="9891513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891513" title="Songs in Red and Gray">
Songs in Red and Gray

Songs in Red and Gray is the sixth studio album release by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega. The album was Vega's final album for A&M Records (with whom she had been since 1983) and also marks the divorce with her husband and producer Mitchell Froom. Lyrically, most of the songs deal with the ending of the marriage, notably "Widow's Walk", "If I Were a Weapon", and "Soap and Water" ("slip me loose of this wedding band").
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Suzanne Vega; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="9891515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891515" title="William Thomas Henley">
William Thomas Henley

William Thomas Henley (1814–1882) was a pioneer in the manufacture of telegraph cables. He designed and built a wire covering machine which is now in the London Science Museum.
He set up as a submarine cable maker in 1857 and by 1859 he had his own factory beside the Thames at North Woolwich. He went on to manufacture the shore ends of the second Transatlantic cable in 1865.
W. T. Henley Ltd. was acquired by AEI in 1959, and later became part of GEC following its takeover of AEI in 1967. The company was sold to TT electronics in 1997, and remains in business to this day producing cable accessories, insulators and low voltage fuse gear in Belvedere, after many years in Northfleet.

</doc>
<doc id="9891519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891519" title="Edinburgh railway station">
Edinburgh railway station

Edinburgh, Scotland, like other major cities, has more than one railway station:

</doc>
<doc id="9891527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891527" title="Israel Zohar">
Israel Zohar

Israel Zohar is a painter born in Kazakhstan on 7 February 1945 and residing in London.
Background.
Israel Zohar spent the first several years of his life traveling between various countries of Eastern Europe in what is now the former Soviet Bloc. His parents were Russian Holocaust refugees; his father had been involved in the theatre. Though few verifiable facts are known about his life, a general biography can be compiled based on his own accounts. At around the age of three he and his parents settled in Nesher, a small village in the north of Israel. He grew up with an interest in chess and classical music, cultural phenomena that were foreign to his little village. As a teenager he began to express interest in art, and participated seriously in athletics and basketball. He was not allowed to finish high school, for reasons that are historically unclear. At the age of 18 he went to the Army, and narrowly escaped court-marshal after some military maps of Syria and Lebanon disappeared from his patrol jeep. In 1967 he fought in the Six Day War. He later dropped the usage of his first name and is referred to by friends and acquaintances only as "Zohar." As a boy he studied drawing with the artist Abraham Yaskil. When he began his studies at Bezalel Art Academy subsequent to his release from the Army, in Jerusalem, his teachers encouraged him to begin a professional career right away. Winning the award for the Israeli-American Foundation in 1968, he took a course with the Viennese artist Ernst Fuchs. His first paintings were influenced by the fantastic realism movement, but quickly he changed to symbolism and later he came under the great influence of the Dutch Master Johannes Vermeer. Growing up in Israel and developing a profound career there, he left in 1986 and came to live in London, partly to find a better atmosphere for his artistic career, and partly as a protest against the ongoing occupation of and brutality towards the Palestinian people. A meteoric career blossomed in London immediately. He was invited to do an official portrait for Diana, Princess of Wales, when she was at the height of her fame and popularity, in 1990. Living in London still, he continues to be professionally involved with members of the British government and Royalty, and maintains an endless list of commitments to exhibitions all over the world.
Legacy.
Zohar has fathered six children during the course of his first three legal marriages; five sons and one daughter. Of note are his youngest son, Matan Zohar, who is an internationally acclaimed DJ and electronic music producer working under the name Mat Zo, and his daughter, Alma Taoz, who has achieved moderate success in Israel as a songwriter and musician under the name Alma Zohar. Only one of his children became a painter in any professional capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="9891533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891533" title="Andrea Bettinelli">
Andrea Bettinelli

Andrea Bettinelli (Bergamo, 6 October 1978) is an Italian high jumper.
Biography.
He finished ninth at the 2002 European Championships, sixth at the 2005 European Indoor Championships, eleventh at the 2006 European Championships and fifth at the 2007 European Indoor Championships. He also competed at the European Indoor Championships in 2002 and 2009, the World Championships in 2003, 2005 and 2007, the World Indoor Championships in 2003 and 2004 as well as the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Bettinelli became Italian high jump champion in 2003, rivalling with Giulio Ciotti, Nicola Ciotti and Alessandro Talotti. He also became indoor champion in 2003 and 2004.
His personal best jump is 2.31 metres, first achieved in August 2003 in Rieti.
National championships.
Andrea Bettinelli has won 4 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9891535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891535" title="Albert Chadwick">
Albert Chadwick

Sir Albert Edward "Bert" Chadwick (15 November 1897 – 27 October 1983) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League. He was born in Beechworth and educated at Tungamah High School.
During World War II, Chadwick served in the Royal Australian Air Force. He was discharged on 6 July 1945 in the rank of wing commander, having held the acting rank of group captain while serving as the RAAF's Director of Recruiting, a position which he held from 1942.
A tough centre half-back who ran hard and straight, he played the majority of his career with Melbourne Football Club and one season for Hawthorn Football Club. He was runner-up to Edward "Carji" Greeves in the inaugural Brownlow Medal in 1924.
In 1995 Sir Albert Chadwick was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
Sir Albert was Chairman of the Gas and Fuel Corporation of Victoria, the Melbourne Cricket Club President 1965–1979 and the Melbourne Football Club President 1950–1962. Highly successful in business, Sir Albert was knighted in 1974.
Career highlights.
Playing career: Games: 158 Goals: 53
Player honors:
Coaching record:
Trivia.
Despite coaching Melbourne's second premiership back in 1926, he was their last surviving premiership coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9891539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891539" title="List of German exonyms for places in Hungary">
List of German exonyms for places in Hungary

This is a list of German language exonyms for towns located in Hungary.
Budapest.
Original towns:
Towns and villages merged into Budapest in 1950:
Districts and neighbourhoods:

</doc>
<doc id="9891547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891547" title="Carl Gustaf Armfeldt">
Carl Gustaf Armfeldt

Carl Gustaf Armfeldt (9 November 1666 – 24 October 1736) was a Swedish officer, general and friherre (baron) who took part in the Great Northern War.
He was born in Swedish Ingria to lieutenant colonel Gustaf Armfelt and Anna Elisabet Brakel. Like other members of his family Armfelt devoted himself to war and at seventeen years' age joined Nylands kavalleri as a cadet. In 1685 he left this position and left for France where he joined prince Ferdinand of Fürstenburg's regiment as a mere footsoldier. He campaigned in France for twelve years and returned to Sweden as a captain.
Great Northern War.
Due to his military experience he was employed in the Finnish army as a generaladjutant in 1701 and stayed with this army for most of the Great Northern War. He was named commander of the Finnish army in 1713.
During the long war he distinguished himself in several occasions, especially during the defense of Helsingfors in 1713, but met an overwhelming Russian force and was defeated at the battle of Storkyro in 1714.
1718 Norwegian Campaign.
In 1717 Armfeldt was promoted to lieutenant general and commanded the Swedish force which on the orders of Charles XII of Sweden was sent into Norway to take Trondheim. Poorly equipped, Armfelt pulled out after the king fell at Fredrikshald.
The ensuing disaster that struck his army is known as the Carolean Death March. On New Year's Eve 1718 he arrived at Norwegian Tydal, with 80 kilometers to the closest Swedish village in Jämtland. When the troops had marched 10 kilometers from Tydalen, a severe blizzard struck from the northwest. The bitter cold killed the guide on the very first day, and the army wandered blindly in the mountains (Sylan mountain range). On the following nights, hundreds more perished. Of the over 5,000 men who left Tydalen, only 2,100 were found alive on arrival at Duved.
As a result of the misfortunate Norwegian campaign and for leading his men astray in the harsh Nowegian winter he was made patron of the orienteering sporting society at the main science university (NTNU) in Trondheim. Whenever there is a sporting event or competition organised by the university's sporting society (NTNUI) the first name in the signup list is always C.G Armfeldt.
Later life.
In 1719 Armfelt was named governor of Viborg county but never took office, as the county was under Russian control and was ceded to Russia after the treaty of Nystad. He was elevated to friherre on 5 July 1731 and named general of infantry in 1735. According to the Pernå parish records (cited by Hornborg, 1952) he died at Liljendal in Nyland on 24 October 1736, and was interred at Isnäs on 3 December 1736.
He was married in 1700 to Lovisa Aminoff (1685–1741), daughter of cavalry captain Johan Fredrik Aminoff. Gustaf Mauritz Armfelt is his grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="9891567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891567" title="Alix Perez">
Alix Perez

Alix Perez is the stage name of Alix Depauw, a drum and bass DJ and producer originally from Charleroi, Belgium. Currently based in North London, his music is sometimes characterised as liquid funk amongst other labels, and released on labels such as Liquid V, Bassbin, Creative Source, Horizons, Progress, Brigand, Shogun Audio, Fokuz and Soul:R.
Biography.
Starting to DJ at the age of 14 and producing at 17, he has collaborated with other artists such as Jenna G, Redeyes, Sabre and Specific, and his inspirations include artists such as Calibre, Marcus Intalex, Ill logic and Raf, Artificial Intelligence and D Bridge.
Now represented by Coda, he regularly plays out in London and around Europe. He describes his DJ style as, "eclectic. I play generally deep but dip into various aspects of drum & bass. I like to read the crowd and let the music breathe. I find mixing in the right musical keys essential. I basically see it as a journey."
Alix Perez's tunes are played regularly on radio shows such as BBC 1Xtra and he has been doing many mixes for radio and podcast. He receives support from respected DJs and producers such as Bailey, Fabio and Bryan Gee. On one of his BBC shows, Fabio called the song "Forsaken" by Perez, the best drum and bass track of 2010.
Alix has been featured in popular drum and bass magazines and has recently been on the cover of ATM Magazine in a feature on the "Leaders of the Nu Skool" in the drum and bass genre. He has had coverage in Knowledge Magazine, London-based dance music magazine One Week To Live, and regularly has his releases reviewed by DJ, Mixmag, Knowledge and ATM.
In 2009 he released the album "1984" on drum and bass label Shogun Audio and has been met with positive response. Perez's album includes the track "Calm of Cast" which features young London hip-hop artist Yungun.
Alix also produces other veins of electronic music under the alias ARP 101.
References.
http://www.factmag.com/2012/03/01/arp-101-mystery-man/

</doc>
<doc id="9891573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891573" title="Vada, Thane">
Vada, Thane

Vada () is one of the fifteen talukas of the Thane district in the Indian state of Maharashtra. This is the most industrialised taluka in Thane district.
Geography.
Vada is located at . It has an average elevation of 38 metres (124 feet).
Rivers & Lakes.
The main rivers flowing through Vada is the Vaitarna and Pinjal.
Castes.
There are many castes live in Vada taluka.
Economy.
Agriculture is the main source of income for people of Vada.

</doc>
<doc id="9891576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891576" title="WOFE">
WOFE

WOFE or WofE may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="9891579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891579" title="Days of Innocence – The Ultimate Collection">
Days of Innocence – The Ultimate Collection

Days Of Innocence - The Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by the Australian rock band Moving Pictures, released in 2000.
The compilation — the band's first greatest hits album — consists of the entire original 1981 album "Days of Innocence", plus bonus tracks featuring the band's successive singles, as well as several tracks from the band's second album "Matinee". The collection also features Moving Pictures' 1984 contribution to the "Footloose" soundtrack, "Never," written by lyricist Dean Pitchford and composer Michael Gore.

</doc>
<doc id="9891582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891582" title="Thunder Squad">
Thunder Squad

Thunder Squad(霹靂小組) is the nickname of Wei-An Special Services Unit (維安特勤隊) of Taiwan's National Police Agency, a highly trained SWAT counter-terrorism Special Forces tactical unit established in 1985 to conduct high-risk arrests and other dangerous law enforcement duties. This 200 man group is organized into small, four-man elements, three of which make up an operating group. 
Thunder Squad is also the name given to the SWAT tactical units of the counties level police departments in the ROC (Taiwan).

</doc>
<doc id="9891613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891613" title="André Kole">
André Kole

André Kole, (the stage name of Robert Gurtler Jr.) (born 1936), is an American magician and inventor of magical effects. He is also a committed Christian and is a public speaker for the evangelical group "Campus Crusade for Christ International".
Robert Gurtler was inspired to take up magic at the age of seven after seeing a performance by Moxo the Magician (Mark E. Barker). By the time he was 20, now known as André Kole, he was performing his "Table of Death" trick on the national network television show "You Asked For It". 
Among the illusions Kole is credited with devising are the Squeeze Box illusion (licensed to builder John Gaughan), and the Head Mover illusion (as performed by David Copperfield, Tim Kole and Kirby Van Birch). 
He also uses his magical knowledge and skills to debunk frauds and hoaxes. He was reported in 2003 as offering US$1million to the Rev. Dr. Donald Stewart if Stewart could prove a statement made in the Jamaican newspaper the Jamaica Gleaner that Satan gives supernatural powers.
Personal life.
Kole's late wife, Alice Jean Gurtler, died at age 38 from brain cancer. She was known by the stage name, Aljeana.He notes on his website that he does not perform the classic trick of pulling a rabbit from a hat because he is allergic to rabbits. He is the father of illusionist Tim Kole.
Notable awards.
In 1955 he received the annual Al Sharpe Award for Originality in Presentation from the Texas Association of Magicians.
Books.
André Kole with Jerry MacGregor, "Mind Games: Exposing today's psychics, frauds and false spiritual phenomena", pub. Harvest House (February 1998), ISBN 978-1-56507-826-0
André Kole and Terry Holley, "Astrology and psychic phenomena", Published: Grand Rapids, Mich., Zondervan, (c.1998), ISBN 0-310-48921-0 (pbk.)

</doc>
<doc id="9891632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891632" title="Ditrău">
Ditrău

Ditrău (; or "Gyergyóditró" ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It is composed of three villages:
It sits near Martonca River, above 714 m from the sea level. The highest point of Ditrău is the Piricske height.
Ditrău was first registered in 1567, as Gitró, with 26 gates.
There is a significant syenite reserve near the village.
History.
The villages belonged first to the Székely seat of Gyergyószék, which was subsequently absorbed into Csíkszék, until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Ciuc County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Hungarian Autonomous Province, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 5,480 of which 98.87% or 5,418 are Hungarian.
Economy.
Once upon a time, the village was known for its mining activity - the ditroit, a marble-like sodalite stone used in constructions.
Local legends and tales.
To be continued.

</doc>
<doc id="9891638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891638" title="Sparkster">
Sparkster

"Sparkster" is a different game from the Sega Genesis version despite having the same title in North America and Europe, which bore the full title of "", and has no plot continuity with the original "Rocket Knight Adventures".
Gameplay.
The eponymous main character is an opossum knight who fights an army of yellow wolves and robots. He is armed with a sword that can fire energy bolts and a rocket pack that allows him to fly short distances. The gameplay remains mostly the same as in Mega Drive games, with the most notable change being the addition of a short-distance rolling dash. One major difference is that the game's final level depends on the difficulty the player selected. On easy, the game culminates with battle against Axel Gear, but on normal, the story continues with Sparkster fighting the leader of the Wolves on the next level. On hard difficulty, the game continues beyond that, with the true final stage.
Plot.
The kingdom of Eginasem, a land inhabited by opossums, is under attack by the Lioness's army of yellow dog soldiers, which also kidnapped Princess Flora. Sparkster, the Rocket Knight, is out to battle this threat, rescue the princess and save his kingdom from certain destruction. His nemesis, the rival Rocket Knight Axel Gear, is aiding the invading forces, making Sparkster's task even more dangerous. The player's goal is to battle through all of the enemy warriors and robots, defeat Axel Gear and infiltrate the enemy's battleship, where the yellow dogs leader, Generalissimo Lioness, is planning to launch a warhead to destroy planet Eginasem.
Reception.
"Sparkster" was awarded Best Sound Effects of 1994 by Electronic Gaming Monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="9891651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891651" title="Melkus PT 73 Spyder">
Melkus PT 73 Spyder

Melkus PT 73 Spyder was a prototype racing car built by Melkus in 1973. It consisted of a new, open chassis for the Melkus RS 1000. The design was inspired by the Škoda Metalex. It used an 1100 cc, three cylinder, triple carburetor two-stroke Wartburg engine giving 110 hp.

</doc>
<doc id="9891657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891657" title="Piątkowo transmitter">
Piątkowo transmitter

The Piątkowo transmitter (Polish designation: SLR Piątkowo) is a facility for directional radio and broadcasting of local FM and TV programmes at Piątkowo, a northern residential district of the Polish city of Poznań. The Piątkowo transmitter, which is situated at and property of the Polish company Emitel, consists of two towers of different height and construction type.
The smaller tower is a 76 metre tall free-standing concrete tower, which was built in 1963. Unlike most concrete telecommunication towers, it has no antenna mast on its top.
The higher tower of Piątkowo transmitter is a 128 metre tall free-standing lattice tower, which was built in 1993. This tower is the second tallest structure in Poznań (a chimney of a power station in the urban part Karolin is taller) and belongs to the tallest free-standing radio towers in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9891667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891667" title="Paweł Strąk">
Paweł Strąk

Paweł Strąk (born March 24, 1983 in Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski) is a Polish footballer currently playing for Zawisza Bydgoszcz.
Career.
Club.
His former clubs include Wisła Kraków and Zagłębie Lubin. In June 2008 he signed a two-year-contract with the Austrian club SV Ried. In December 2008 he signed with Górnik Zabrze.
National team.
Strąk is a former U-21 Poland national football team member. In 2002 he was also called up to the senior national team for a game against Denmark but did not play.

</doc>
<doc id="9891677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891677" title="Children's Paradise School">
Children's Paradise School

Children's Paradise School (CPS) is an English medium co-educational school in Tezpur, Assam, India, established in 1977. It provides education for students ranging in age from 3 years to 15 years. 
CPS is recognized by the Board of Secondary Education, Assam and the graduating students appear in the High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) examination conducted by SEBA.
Transportation.
There is a school van that collects a limited number of young pupils in the morning and drops them off in the afternoon. Most pupils use bicycles or walk.

</doc>
<doc id="9891678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891678" title="R-Darter">
R-Darter

The R-Darter is an beyond visual range (BVR) air-to-air missile guided by an active radar homing seeker. It was designed and manufactured by the South African firm Kentron, now known as Denel Dynamics.
The South African air-to-air missile program benefited from cooperation with Israel during the 1980s and the R-Darter is very similar to the Python "Derby".
Service.
The missile armed the South African Air Force's Cheetah C fighter aircraft and was withdrawn from service when those were retired in 2008. The SAAF has not yet publicly announced which BVR missile will be procured to equip the 26 Saab JAS 39 Gripens which have replaced the Cheetahs.
The Brazilian Air Force is said to be evaluating the R-Darter for use with their F5 fighters since Denel will be selling the missiles used for the test at a low price, as they are nearing the end of their shelf-life.
It was reported in 2010 that the R-Darter is being operated by the Pakistan Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="9891686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891686" title="1919 NSWRFL season">
1919 NSWRFL season

The 1919 New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership was twelfth season of Sydney's professional rugby league football club competition, Australia's first. Eight teams from across the city contested during the season, with Balmain finishing on top of the ladder to claim the premiership.
Season summary.
Both Balmain and Eastern Suburbs dominated the 14-round season, dropping just two and three games respectively. They were undefeated after eight rounds but a mid-year Australian tour to New Zealand saw Balmain miss their representative stars and their lead was lost to Eastern Suburbs late in the season.
With three rounds to go, Balmain led Eastern Suburbs by one point on the ladder but relinquished this lead by losing their round 12 match against Glebe as Eastern Suburbs beat winless Annandale 28–0. This meant Eastern Suburbs now led by one point with two rounds to play. However, they lost the very next round 15–12 to South Sydney, who had won just four of their twelve previous matches. Meanwhile, Balmain managed to beat Newtown 18–5, giving them the one point advantage heading into the final round.
The final match of the season turned out to be the decider for the premiership, with the top two teams playing one another at the Royal Agricultural Society Ground. The winner of the match would take out the premiership, whilst a draw would give Balmain the title. At the end of the day, it was the goal kicking of Balmain's Les Wall that secured the premiership, with a 13–4 win over Eastern Suburbs. Five of Wall's attempts hit the post that day, but four crossed the bar and won Balmain the title. Members of the Balmain premiership winning side included Bob Craig and Bill Kelly.
The City Cup was won by Wests for the second consecutive season.
Teams.
The teams remained unchanged from the 1918 season

</doc>
<doc id="9891690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891690" title="List of pharmaceutical sciences journals">
List of pharmaceutical sciences journals

This is a representative list of scientific journals that publish articles in pharmaceutical sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9891716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891716" title="Urawa Station">
Urawa Station

Lines.
Urawa Station is served by the following JR East lines. 
Station layout.
The station has three elevated island platforms, serving six tracks.
History.
Urawa Station opened on 28 July 1883 as a station of "Nippon Tetsudō" (lit. Japan Railway) company, when this company opened the railway from Ueno Station to Kumagaya Station (part of today's Takasaki Line). At that time, there were only six stations along the route (Ueno, Ōji, Urawa, Ageo, Kōnosu, and Kumagaya), so Urawa Station is one of the oldest stations of the Tōhoku Main Line, and is also the oldest in the present-day city of Saitama.

</doc>
<doc id="9891721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891721" title="Beatrice of Rethel">
Beatrice of Rethel

Beatrice of Rethel (c. 1130/32 – 30 March 1185) was a French noblewoman and the third Queen consort of the King Roger II of Sicily.
Family.
Beatrice was born sometime between 1130 and 1132, the eldest daughter and one of the nine children of Ithier, Count of Rethel and Beatrix of Namur. Her father was Count of Rethel from 1158 to 1171.
Marriage, issue and widowhood.
In 1151, Beatrice married Roger II of Sicily. Her tenure as consort lasted only about three years as Roger died on February 26, 1154. Beatrice was a little over three weeks pregnant at the time of his death, and their only daughter Constance of Sicily was born the following November. She married Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor, by whom she had one son, Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Beatrice survived her husband by thirty-one years but there is no record of her having married again. Her daughter became Queen regnant of the Kingdom of Sicily on 25 December 1194.

</doc>
<doc id="9891724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891724" title="São Gonçalo do Pará">
São Gonçalo do Pará

São Gonçalo do Pará is a city and municipality located in the center-west of Minas Gerais state, Brazil. The estimated population in 2006 was 8,285 inhabitants. The total area of the municipality is 265 km² and the elevation is 750 meters. It is located at 129 km from state capital Belo Horizonte. São Gonçalo do Pará is the seat of the Regional Administration of the Upper São Francisco River.
History.
Felipe de Freitas was invited by the Portuguese to be foreman of slaves. He gave orders in the garimpos and plantation; later, he left in search of gold vestige. It and some slaves enveredaram for the next bushes to the river Pará exploring the land, had arrived at a brook whose lands where they were its edges were good for the culture of plantations. They had given to the place the name of brook of the Moral. They had constructed farms of wood-the-puncture with I tow and re-covered of sapé.Finished the constructions in the brook, to they had moved there in 18 of December of 1723.
They had placed in the throne in a just-constructed chapel the image of São Gonçalo of the Amarante, that brought in its luggage. It was the saint to who the Portuguese had a great devotion.
Felipe drew out its trip, leading I obtain slaves, and arrived at a place with a great wooden reserve of law. In this place, it would initiate the formation of the arraial primitive, that future would take the name of São Gonçalo of Pará. In 1735, the constructions had given for locked up all, also of a chapel with the image of São Gonçalo of the Amarante. It had the suggestion of if Above calling this place Pará. Felipe de Freitas affirmed to have done a stop in that place, close to the edges it River Pará, when he comes of Pitangui; therefore, the town would receive the name from Stopping of Pará in 7 September 1735.
From 1751 to 1755, a new church was constructed in the same place of the old chapel, with baroque style. In 1750 the town passed if to call They São Gonçalo of Pará, making reference to the River Pará, the same that it brought the founders and today is dividing line of the current city. In 1870, the arraial of São Gonçalo of Pará was made district of Pitangui and annexed the Village of Ours Lady of the Mercy (Current Pará de Minas).
Finally, the emancipation politics came to be carried through in 1º of January 1949

</doc>
<doc id="9891738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891738" title="David Christy">
David Christy

David "Dolly" Christy (3 July 1870 – 2 July 1919) was an Australian rules footballer in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
Christy began his career with Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football Association from 1890 until 1895. He became a driving force in establishing football in Western Australia, playing senior football for 16 years in the west. He played with Fremantle, then with Imperials, and upon that club's dissolution he was a co-founder of East Fremantle Football Club in 1898.
In 1996 Christy was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame. In 2004 he was inducted to the WA Football Hall of Fame.
Career highlights.
Playing career:

</doc>
<doc id="9891740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891740" title="Lambing chair">
Lambing chair

The lambing chair is a wood boxed form of winged arm chair rarely having upholstery. Storage under the seat is common as a drawer or compartment. 
The historic "lambing" chair is an example of regional vernacular furniture prevalent in the Lancashire and Yorkshire Dales in England, c. 1750–1850. The name derived from the prevalence of sheep farming in the region where the chair was used by shepherds at lambing time.
The great variety of individual designs found in this group of chairs suggests that they were made by cabinet makers or carpenters for an individual order, rather than working in the tradition of the turner who made many chairs in the same design.
See also.
List of chairs

</doc>
<doc id="9891747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891747" title="Feliceni">
Feliceni

Feliceni (, Hungarian pronunciation: , meaning "Upper Village of the Blessed", referring to the Virgin Mary) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania, in the vicinity of Odorheiu Secuiesc. It forms part of the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of eleven villages:
History.
The villages of the commune historically belonged to the Székely seat of Udvarhelyszék, then, from 1876 until 1918, to Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After WWI, by the terms of the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania. 
As a result of the Second Vienna Award, the region belonged again to Hungary between 1940 and 1944. After WWII, it came under Romanian administration and became part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the villages formed part of the Hungarian Autonomous Province, then, of the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province until it was abolished in 1968. Since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 3,026 of which 99.31% or 3,005 are Hungarian
Poloniţa.
Poloniţa (, or colloquially "Lengyelfalva", Hungarian pronunciation: , meaning "Poles' village") is located along the Poloniţa (Lengyelfalvi) Creek in a narrow valley. It had 319 inhabitants in 2002 (down from 503 in 1910), of whom 315 were Hungarians. 
The village was first mentioned in 1505 as "Lengenfalwa" when a certain Balthasar was elected "seat judge" at Udvarhely. In 1533, the name was recorded as "Lengyelfalva". In 1899, the ethnonym Székely was added to the Hungarian placename in order to distinguish the locality from another Lengyelfalva (now: Košická Polianka) of the historical Kingdom of Hungary. The Romanian name derives from the Hungarian one and was originally used as "Lenghelfalău" which was later Romanianized by translation. 
Its Roman Catholic church was built in 1802 replacing the medieval church.

</doc>
<doc id="9891751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891751" title="Standard Assessment Procedure">
Standard Assessment Procedure

The Standard Assessment Procedure (SAP) is the UK Government's recommended method system for measuring the energy rating of residential dwellings. The first version was published in 1995, to be replaced by newer versions in 1998, 2001 and 2005. It calculates the typical annual energy costs for space and water heating, and, from 2005, lighting. The CO2 emissions are also calculated.
SAP 2005 has been used as the basis for checking new dwellings for compliance with building regulations in the United Kingdom requiring the conservation of fuel and power since 6 April 2006 (England & Wales: L1 Approved Document), 1 November 2006 (Northern Ireland Technical Booklet F1) and 1 May 2007 (Scotland Technical Handbook 6, Domestic).
A simplified version of SAP 2005, RDSAP, will be used to produce the energy report and Energy Performance Certificate in Home Information Packs (HIPs). A new document was published by the UK Government in 2007, looking towards SAP and energy standards in the future.
A number of comparisons have indicated that SAP does not provide an accurate model for low-energy buildings.
The Standard Assessment Procedure evolved from the National Home Energy Rating scheme, which was based upon the Milton Keynes Energy Cost Index created for the Energy World demonstration buildings in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="9891758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891758" title="John Turtle Wood">
John Turtle Wood

John Turtle Wood (13 February 1821 – 25 March 1890) was a British architect, engineer and archaeologist. 
Biography.
Wood was born at Hackney, the son of John Wood of Shropshire and his wife Elizabeth Wood, née Turtle. He was educated at Rossall School, Fleetwood, and later studied architecture, under private tutors, at Cambridge and Venice. He practiced architecture in London from 1853 to 1858. In 1853, he married his cousin, Henrietta Elizabeth Wood. 
In 1858, Wood received a commission to design railway stations for the Smyrna and Aidin Railway in Turkey. Here he became interested in the remains of the temple of Artemis (Artemision) at Ephesus, which had completely disappeared from view about 500 years previously. The Temple was important on account of its mention in the "New Testament", when St Paul was shouted down by the mob, chanting “Great is Diana of the Ephesians”. (Acts 19:34)
In 1863, he relinquished his commission and began the search. The British Museum granted him a permit and a small allowance for expenses in return for the property rights in any antiquities he might discover in Ephesus. 
In February 1866, while excavating in the theatre of Ephesus, Wood found a Greek inscription, which mentioned various gold and silver statuettes, which, on regular occasions, were carried from the temple, through the Magnesian gate, to the theatre. He reasoned that at the Magnesian gate, there would be found a paved road leading to the temple. In 1867, he found the road and, following its track, discovered the wall of the temple. He proceeded to excavate the site and, on 31 December 1869, discovered the temple buried beneath 20 feet of sand.
Sadly, the temple was no more than wreckage, but Wood managed to recover a quantity of shattered sculptures and architectural items to be sent to the British Museum. In 1874, his health was as devastated as the debris of the temple site. He had endured fever, bandits, earthquakes, and injuries and endured summer heat and cold winters. He returned to London and spent his remaining years giving occasional lectures to the Royal Institution and publishing "Discoveries at Ephesus". In his spare time he painted in oils and occasionally exhibited at the Royal Academy.
Wood was lionised as the discoverer of Ephesus. In 1874, he was elected a fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects, and in 1875 as a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries. The British government awarded him a pension of £200 per annum in recognition of his discoveries. 
Wood died on 25 March 1890, at his home at 66 Marine Parade, Worthing, Sussex BN11 3QB, and was buried at Christ Church in Worthing.

</doc>
<doc id="9891764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891764" title="List of Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo characters">
List of Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo characters

The universe of the manga and anime series "Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo" is a home to a wide array of fictional characters.
Main characters.
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo.
, or "Bobobo" as he is often called, is the main protagonist and title character. Bobobo is an eccentric man with bodybuilder sized muscles and a giant yellow afro. He fights the forces of evil using his nose hair calling it his "Fist of the Nose Hair" and "Snot Fo-You" technique. He is 27 years old. It is unclear what race he is, or if he is even human. It was never fully explained in the show. His father was a hair ball like creature. His birthday differs between the manga and the anime; the manga lists his birthday as April 1, while the anime claims his birthday to be March 14. His most striking features are his large blond afro and sunglasses. Bo-bobo's full name written in kanji is "母母母ー母・母ー母母". Bo-Bobo closely resembles the Japanese stereotype of an American from the 70's era.
Don Patch.
Don Patch (首領パッチ "Don Pacchi") (Poppa Rocks in the English manga) is the original leader (or "don") of the "Wiggin Tribe" ("Hajikegumi" in Japan), a group of rebels who oppose Czar Baldy Bald IV. Don Patch has henchmen named Lil' Rocks (in the English manga), or Ko Patch. He quits the Wiggin Gang claiming that they never gave him space, but really so he could wig out more with Bo-bobo.
Jelly Jiggler.
Jelly Jiggler, known in the Japanese versions as the captain of the A Block division of Hair Hunters (or "Hair Hunter Troop A") also uses the fighting style "Shivering True Fist" (Purupuru Shinken). In the English dub, it is known as the "Fist of the Wobble-Wobble", and in the English manga, it is called "Shakey-Shake Fist". By the time he officially joins Bo-BoBo's team, he possesses a handkerchief with the Japanese hiragana for "Nu" (ぬ) written all over it (ぬのハンカチ "Nu no hankachi", the "handkerchief of 'nu'", known in English dub as "the Lucky Hanky" ) which he uses to wipe away tears at first, but eventually leads to an all-out "nu" obsession (By contrast he utterly despises the hiragana character "ne" [ね]!) He's used as a shield by Bo-Bobo constantly, but always bounces back (due to his ability to regenerate himself). His Japanese name is a pun on "tokoroten", a type of jelly made from agar, thus his ability to shape himself into any form.
Secondary characters.
Softon.
In the series, Softon allies with Bo-BoBo's team after Beauty is kidnapped, but doesn't officially join until the battle with Halekulani. In many episodes, Softon's "poop" jokes are directly copied from the manga, but put in the context of ice cream. Later, against Lambada, Softon reveals he was given the power of the Black Sun by J and combines it with Goddess Blabs-A-Lot. In the anime he is shown to have a locket with a picture of a brown haired boy and Beauty (he dismisses it, saying "Why do i have this? I don't have any kids"). Later, during a battle in the Hair Kingdom against a Blabs-a-Lot assassin, it is finally revealed that he is Beauty's older brother,explaining the connection he consistently has to her. He is also the mascot of an ice cream shop.
Dengakuman.
His trademark line, "We'll / I'll make 'em eat grilled tofu dipped in miso on a stick!" is a pun much of the American demographic won't understand, but is still used in the English-language anime nonetheless. Dengakuman can be violent but often he is portrayed as being an extremely weak character. Dengakuman actually claims that he is a dog, but he was only "raised" by dogs. Dengakuman can fuse with Bo-bobo to create a magical blonde popstar named Denbo; they become Super Denbo-chan if Dengakuman fuses with Super Bo-bobo.
Hatenko.
Hatenko was first found in the desert after being dumped by Torpedo Girl. He was then rescued by the KoPatches and was brought back to Don Patch (who was frying on a pan). From that moment on, he joined the Wiggin Gang. Before then, Hatenko first met with Torpedo Girl right after betraying the J-Block Base that he once worked with.
Hatenko briefly joins Bobobo's group, then leaves to migrate with his "family" to find food at baseball stadiums, but he really left so he could find someone to cure the curse mark OVER gave him.
Towards the climax of the series, Hatenko finally confronts Bo-bobo towards his true mission: returning to the Hair Kingdom to put a stop to his own evil brothers: Bababa-ba Ba-baba and 'Bibibi-bi Bi-bibi. While both he and one of Bo-bobo's brothers, Bebebe-be Be-bebe are seemingly killed during the final showdown with Bi-bibi, both of them are seen as ghosts assisting Bo-bobo as he partakes in his final showdown. Revived after the last battle, he decides to go into outer space at the end of Part 1, choosing to continue searching for Ba-baba.
Villains.
Czar Baldy Bald the IV.
Tsuru Tsurulina the IV (ツル・ツルリーナ4世) / Smoothie the 4th (Viz manga) / Czar Baldy Bald (English dub) is the leader of the "Chrome Dome Empire" (マルハゲ帝国 "Maruhage Empire", lit. baldshaven empire, though the anime changes this from the "Margarita Empire" similar to the drink Margarita). His Japanese name is a Japanese onomatopoeia for something slippery. The Fourth seems easily in control of his empire at the start of the series, but he slowly loses his authority as Bo-bobo and his allies take out his forces, from the Hair Hunters to his "Four Heavenly Kings" to even his prison island of Cyber City. Eventually, he further lost his grip as he was forced by Hair Hunters cryogenically frozen one-hundred years ago to release their leaders to take over this new era. As much as he hated doing this, the Fourth eventually decided this as the only way to keep his hold on power and defeat Bo-bobo. But when even this fell, the Fourth decided to enact his greatest plan: the "New Emperor Playoff", where all of the most powerful warriors of the empire were gathered together in a battle to determine the next emperor. His plan: let all of his enemies take each other out, allowing for him to regain his grip on power. But what he doesn't expect is Hydrate of the Reverse Maruhage Empire taking over his tourney, using it to become emperor himself! The scared emperor bolts away knowing this, basically abdicating the throne and entering an early retirement alongside Mako-chan and Octopus Carl. Czar Baldy Bald also appears on the dollar bills of Halekulani. He is undoubtedly the weakest of his empire shown as a cowardly strategist and was the primary villain until the Reverse Maruhage Empire (Shadow Chrome Dome Empire) arc. He is 42 yrs. old.
Captain Battleship.
Captain Battleship (軍艦|Gunkan) is the first of the Chrome Dome Empire Big Four, under Czar Baldy-Bald. He is also Bo-bobo's former friend and sworn rival. This regent-haired, white bearded fighter had also been trained in the Fist of the Nose Hair alongside Bo-bobo in the Hair Kingdom, but turned against his afro-haired friend when Bo-bobo was chosen as the Seventh Master of the Fist of the Nose Hair by their teacher (a juice can). Bo-bobo was chosen over Battleship because Captain Battleship was not a citizen of the Hair Kingdom. Captain Battleship controls his vast military forces from the "Pomade Ring", a sky fortress flying over the destroyed Puppu City (Gasser's hometown). He uses his own style of "Fist of the Nosehair" as well as fights with weird antics, similarly to Bo-bobo. While most of the attacks are his own, his ultimate attack, "Armaggedon", has him calling up the Earth Defense Forces to attack for him. He finally falls after trying to apologize to Bo-bobo for abandoning his friend for his own personal gains, only to face Bo-bobo's anger for acting like a baby. The next time Bobobo and company saw him, he was being punished for his failure by Over. He was the first one to discover Beauty and Gasser's feelings for each other, and taunts and exploits Gasser due to it. He participated in the new emperor playoffs but lost and, thanks to Bobobo, barely escaped death. It seems that he is the longest lasting of the Chrome Dome Big Four. As a Fist of Nosehair user, he is bound to be a little weird (turning into an octopus, blowing up his own ship, have a bad knowledge of numbers.) Like Bobobo, he is 27 years old. He inexplicably makes an appearance with the main characters in both the first opening and ending sequence of the anime.
Czar Baldy Bald the III.
Tsuru Tsurulina III (ツル・ツルリーナ３世 Tsuru Tsurulina 3-Sei) is the old emperor of the Margarita Empire, locked away within the center of "Neo Hair-Hunt Land MAX" (ネオ毛狩りランドMAX, Neo Kegari Rando MAX, an amusement park thrown right on top of the old A-Block Amusement Park). Although he appears to be human, he is actually a demon cyborg. He uses "Red Magic Shinken" (真紅の手品真拳 Fist of Red Magic, read as "Reddo Majikku Shinken," which creates attacks based on magic tricks) to avoid the attacks of his enemies and attack them back physically, and "Blue Magic Shinken" (高型の手品真拳 Fist of Blue Magic, read as "Burū Majikku Shinken", released only within a special universe he creates through a magic handkerchief) to destroy souls and minds. Unlike the current emperor, who wants everyone to be bald, Czar Baldy Bald III wants to destroy all humans and then get the "Hair Ball", the source of power of the Hair Kingdom which gives them their hair abilities, for himself. He absorbs Bobobo, thinking he may be able to obtain it that way, and also absorbs Don Patch (since Bo-bobo wants a travel buddy), eventually changing into a very strange form. Bobobo and Don Patch manage to escape from inside him, and then defeat him once and for all with a technique, named the "Human Highlife in HD", showcasing all the wonderful things about life and being a human (such as getting a job, falling in love, etc.) At the end of "Part 1", Czar Baldy Bald the 3rd finally gains a "Hair Ball" and takes advantage of a vacuum in power, becoming emperor and declaring this land as the "Neo Maruhage Empire."
After many trials and tribulations, Bo-bobo's team faces him one final time at his headquarters: the Shueisha building in his final battleground of "Tokyo's 23rd Ward". Although still fighting with the power of the "Red Magic Shinken", he was now more powerful both with the combination of a Hair Ball, his eventual successor, Tsuru Tsurulina the Fifth (Yononaka Namerō)! After a long and drawn out battle with Bo-bobo and his allies giving everything they've got to stop him and his protege, he ends up taking several ultimate attacks culminating with Bo-bobo smashing him with "a weak arm chop", finally destroying him once and for all. His final words were in celebration of the Chrome Dome Empire he had created and how others will still rise to fight against Bo-bobo and his rebels.

</doc>
<doc id="9891765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891765" title="Arcot Desai">
Arcot Desai

Arcot Desai is a title given to a family in the kingdom of Arcot in India, during its rule by Islamic kings. The male members of the family inherited this title.
Islamic kings who ruled southern kingdoms of India appointed a family from their kingdom as Desais of the kingdom. The head of the family carrying the title of Desai from such Islamic kingdoms was responsible for matters such as collecting taxes and maintaining law and order in the respective kingdoms. Arcot Desai is a title given to the families that carried out such responsibility in the kingdom of Nawabs of Arcot, the Islamic kings who ruled the kingdom of Arcot. Arcot in the present day is a city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The current North Arcot and South Arcot districts of Tamil Nadu may have together constituted the kingdom of Arcot.
A similar title runs in the family that helped Tippu Sultan during his reign of Seringapatam.
In such cases Desai is not a last name, as is prevalent in the Indian State of Gujarat.

</doc>
<doc id="9891769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891769" title="Secondary Education Board of Assam">
Secondary Education Board of Assam

The Secondary Education Board of Assam (SEBA) (Assamese: অসম মাধ্যমিক শিক্ষা পৰিষদ "Mohiuddinpur' ") is the state level authority for conducting examinations and providing assurance for the quality of education imparted in schools within Assam that are affiliated to it.
High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) is the award given through the authority of this board to students who have passed the HSLC examination successfully.
History.
The Assam Secondary Education Act, 1961 (Assam Act, XXV of 1961) was passed to provide for the establishment of a Board of Secondary Education to regulate, supervise and develop Secondary Education in the State of Assam. The Act came into force with effect from 29 January 1962 with the publication of Government of Assam, Education Department Notification no. 159/61/37 dated 29/1/1962. Thus the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (popularly known as SEBA) came into existence on 14 March 1962. It started functioning with the conduct of 11 year H.S.S.L.C. Examination of 1962. Under the provisions of the Act the Govt. of Assam constituted the Board with Sri S.C. Rajkhowa, D.P.I., Assam as Chairman and Md. N. Islam, Inspector of Schools (Central Assam Circle) as Secretary.
Accommodation.
The Board was first accommodated in the Conference Room of the office of D.P.I., Assam at Shillong. It was shifted to a rented house at Rehabari (Guwahati). The Board functioned here from 1/6/1962 to 26/2/1963. The Board office was then shifted to old University Campus of Gauhati University, Panbazar (the then New Hostel campus of Cotton College) where it functioned from 27/2/1963 to 15/01/1976. A part of the office functioned at Bhagawati Prasad Baruah Bhawan which housed the Chairman, the Education Officers and the Evaluation Unit during 1965-66. The Board office was shifted to the Assam type building constructed on its own premises at Bamunimaidan, Guwahati-21 on 16 January 1976. On this occasion the opening ceremony was held with Sri H.N. Talukdar (Hon’ble Education Minister of Assam) in the chair and Sri Sarat Chandra Sinha, Hon’ble Chief Minister of Assam as chief-guest. The present site comprising 6 bighas of land was allotted by the Government of Assam to the Board in 1965. The then Education Minister, Sri D.K. Barooah allotted these 6 bighas to the Board on 99 years’ lease. The lease was executed by the Board by paying Rs.1 (one) lakh as advance rent for the entire period. The present multi-storeyed building (plinth area 1575 sq. metres) constructed by the side of the Assam type building was completed in 1989.
Jurisdiction of the Board.
The jurisdiction of SEBA was the territory of the erstwhile State of Assam comprising the entire North East region of the country. With the creation of the Provinces/States Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh out of Assam at different times and with the establishment of their separate/own Boards of School Education, the jurisdiction of SEBA got reduced. Presently the territory of the State of Assam is the jurisdiction of the Board.

</doc>
<doc id="9891770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891770" title="Kota Harinarayana">
Kota Harinarayana

Kota Harinarayana (b. 1943, in Berhampur, Odisha) was the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Hyderabad and the President of the Aeronautical Society of India.
He is an alumnus of Indian Institute of Technology (BHU) Varanasi (bacherlor's degree in Mechanical Engineering), Indian Institute of Science (master's in Aero Engineering) and IIT Bombay (Ph.D). He also holds a bachelor's degree in law.

</doc>
<doc id="9891778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891778" title="Sasale">
Sasale

Sasale is a village in Rajapur taluka, Ratnagiri District, Maharashtra, India. It has many mango, jackfruit and cashew-nut trees.

</doc>
<doc id="9891782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891782" title="Huai Yot District">
Huai Yot District

Huai Yot () is a district ("Amphoe") in the northern part of Trang Province, Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Ratsada of Trang Province, Thung Song of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Pa Phayom, Si Banphot of Phatthalung Province, Mueang Trang, Wang Wiset of Trang Province again and Bang Khan of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province again.
History.
Originally named Khao Khao (เขาขาว), it was renamed to Huai Yot in 1939.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 16 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 133 villages ("muban"). There are three townships ("thesaban tambon") - Huai Yot covers parts of "tambon" Huai Yot and Khao Pun; Na Wong covers parts of "tambon" Na Wong, Bang Kung and Wang Khiri; and Lam Phu Ra covers parts of "tambon" Lam Phu Ra. There are further 16 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Ratsada district.

</doc>
<doc id="9891785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891785" title="Once You've Tasted Love">
Once You've Tasted Love

"Once You've Tasted Love" pop–dance song by boy band Take That. It was written by Gary Barlow and released in 1992, becoming the third release from Take That's debut album, "Take That & Party".
Song information.
Written by Gary Barlow and produced by Duncan Bridgeman, "Once You've Tasted Love" was released on 3 February 1992 as the third single from the band's debut album, "Take That & Party" (1992). It was not a success, charting at number 47 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video was shot on a low budget in a warehouse. The band is shown performing the song against a white backdrop.

</doc>
<doc id="9891818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891818" title="Chamberlin, Powell and Bon">
Chamberlin, Powell and Bon

Chamberlin, Powell and Bon were one of the most important modernist architectural firms in post-war England.
Formation.
The practice was founded in 1952 by Geoffry Powell (1920–1999), Peter "Joe" Chamberlin (1919–1978) and Christoph Bon (1921–1999), following Powell's win in the 1951 architectural competition for the Golden Lane Estate. The three founding partners taught at Kingston Polytechnic (now Kingston University School of Architecture) when they each entered the design competition with the agreement that should any of them win they would form a partnership with the other two to deliver the project. The Golden Lane Estate is sometimes referred to as the apprentice piece of the Practice and is important for its planned landscape which 'straddles the boundary between the picturesque and the formal'.
Charles Greenberg became an additional partner of the practice in 1960, although he chose not to add his name to the partnership for personal reasons. He was the only other partner working with CP&B on Barbican. Frank Woods also became an additional partner, and in 1985 the firm name became Chamberlin Powell Bon & Woods.
Main work.
Following completion of the Golden Lane Estate they won the commission to design and execute the adjacent Barbican development, also for the Corporation of the City of London, the wealthy municipal administration that has responsibility for the historic core of London, today the central business district. The Barbican was such a large job they set up a sub-practice to deal with it: Chamberlin Powell and Bon (Barbican) Ltd.
The firm was strongly influenced by the work and ideas of Swiss/French architect Le Corbusier. Other works included two schools in London, New Hall, Cambridge (a new college at Cambridge University) now known as Murray Edwards College and an ambitious materplan and major expansion of the campus at University of Leeds.
It is a measure of the importance of the practice in post-war British architecture that many of their works are now Listed Buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="9891826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891826" title="I Found Heaven">
I Found Heaven

"I Found Heaven" is a song by English boy band Take That from their debut studio album, "Take That & Party". It was released as the album's fifth single on 10 August 1992.
Background.
Written and produced by American singer Billy Griffin and English producer Ian Levine, it was released on 10 August 1992 as the fifth single from the band's debut album, "Take That & Party" (1992). It became the group's second top twenty single, charting at number fifteen on the UK Singles Chart. "I Found Heaven" is the first song by Take That to feature both Gary Barlow and Robbie Williams on lead vocals, and also the only non-cover written by someone else than the band.
In Gary Barlow's autobiography "My Take", he states that the band hates the song: "The song Ian made us sing was truly f***ing awful. I still hate it to this day. In fact, we all hate it and absolutely refuse to perform it on stage. It is, by a huge margin, the worst song of Take That's and my career. At the time I said nothing because I felt I didn't have a leg to stand on."
Although often regarded as Robbie Williams' first song on lead vocals, some parts of the song were mixed in with vocals by Billy Griffin because Williams could not reach the high notes.
Music video.
The video for the single was filmed on Sandown Beach on the Isle of Wight, and the yellow car featured is owned by a local resident, and is fairly well known amongst the islanders. The band perform the song on the beach whilst clips of the band relaxing on the beach are intercut with the video. In Gary Barlow's autobiography: 'My Take', he expressed that the band were disappointed with the location on which the video was filmed. They apparenately hoped for the video to be shot in an exotic continent.

</doc>
<doc id="9891837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891837" title="Frumoasa, Harghita">
Frumoasa, Harghita

Frumoasa (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of four villages:
History.
The first written mention of the village is from 1567 as "Zepwyz". In 1602 it was recorded as "Szépviz" ("beautiful water"). Its original Romanian name derived from the Hungarian toponym as "Ciuc-Sepviz" which was Romanianized to its current official name in 1919.
According to tradition, the village's original name was "Szépmező". According to Balázs Orbán, it was founded during the reign of László I as a community of border guards for the defense of the Ghimeṣ pass, on the eastern border of the Kingdom of Hungary. The Roman Catholic chapel was built before 1694 by the Bíró family. The Roman Catholic church was built in 1892.
The village administratively belonged to Csíkszék, then, from 1876 until 1918 to the Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After WWI, by the terms of the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania. As a result of the Second Vienna Award, it belonged to Hungary again between 1940 and 1944. After WWII, it came under Romanian administration and became part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, it formed part of the Hungarian Autonomous Province; it then formed part of the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province until it was abolished in 1968. Since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 3,652; of which 96.39% or 3,520 are Hungarian.
The village of Făgăţel has a significant population of ethnic Romanians, numbering 64 of the village's 130 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="9891845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891845" title="Mueang Trang District">
Mueang Trang District

Mueang Trang ( , also Mueang Thap Thiang ( ) is the capital district ( "Amphoe Mueang" ) of Trang Province, Thailand. The city (thesaban nakhon) has a population of 59,637 (2005) and covers the whole tambon Thap Thiang of Mueang Trang district.
History.
Mueang Trang or the previous name Thap Thiang, became the capital district of Trang Province in 1915, when the capital was moved inland from Kantang, which was prone to flooding.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Na Yong, Yan Ta Khao, Kantang, Sikao, Wang Wiset, Huai Yot of Trang Province and Si Banphot of Phatthalung Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 15 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 118 villages ("muban"). The city ("thesaban nakhon") Trang covers the whole "tambon" Thap Thiang. The township ("thesaban tambon") Khlong Teng covers parts of "tambon" Na Tham Nuea. There are further 14 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Na Yong district.

</doc>
<doc id="9891850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891850" title="Varnish (disambiguation)">
Varnish (disambiguation)

Varnish is a mixture used to harden primarily wood.
Varnish may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9891862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891862" title="Jiella">
Jiella

Jiella is a band from Utsjoki, Finland that plays pop music and sings in North Sami. Jiella's history starts in 1999 when they sang for the first time together in public. At that point in time, the band was known as "Niilo ja nieiddat" (Niilo and his daughters).
Discography.
Gosnu.
"Gosnu" is Jiella's first CD, which was published in December 2002. Niilo's third daughter, Mia, sings on this album, too, even though she is not a member of the band itself.
Eallinbálgát.
Jiella's second CD was published on July 8, 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="9891867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891867" title="Tiferet Yisrael">
Tiferet Yisrael

Tiferet Yisrael () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9891871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891871" title="Why Can't I Wake Up with You">
Why Can't I Wake Up with You

"Why Can't I Wake Up with You" is a song by boyband Take That. Written by Gary Barlow, the song was released on 20 February 1993 as the lead single from their second album, "Everything Changes".
Background.
The original version of the song first appeared on their "Take That & Party" debut album, however Gary Barlow re-wrote the song with a higher tempo and modified lyrics. It was released in February 1993 and peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart, spending 10 weeks on the UK singles chart.
The song has since received a Silver sales status certification from the BPI for sales of over 200,000 copies inside the UK.
Music video.
The music video is almost a tribute to George Michael's 1990 video for "Freedom". It is parallel to the song as it has a particularly moody atmosphere. It depicts the band members on their own in different rooms of a house each singing the song, with Mark Owen dressed in just an open shirt and white briefs. At the end of the video, the band members are shown trying to get past paparazzi.

</doc>
<doc id="9891873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891873" title="Matrusree Anglo Vedic School">
Matrusree Anglo Vedic School

Matrusree Anglo Vedic School is an English Medium school based in the coastal city of Berhampur (Odisha) in India. It is located in the heart of the city. It is one of the most popular and best known schools in the entire western region of Odisha.
The school offers courses from preparatory, nursery and classes one to ten and follows the ICSE syllabus offered by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations. It has a population of over 1200 students, about 60 faculty members and a sizeable staff to handle the day-to-day activities of the school.
The principal's name is Prakash chandra panda
The vice Principal's name is Ram Chandra Mahapatra
It includes many one principal's room,vice principal's room,office room,hall room,etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9891875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891875" title="Troides dohertyi">
Troides dohertyi

The Talaud Black Birdwing ("Troides dohertyi") is a birdwing butterfly endemic to the Talaud and Sangihe islands.
This species is ranked as a subspecies of "Troides rhadamantus" by some authors.
Description.
Size range. 140 mm. to 160 mm.(females) wingspan.
Male: The male is unique among birdwings, being almost entirely black on the upperside forewings and hindwings.The underside of the hindwing has the golden markings typical of Troides species but sometimes reduced. Rarely males have faint suggestions of gold colouration on the upper surface of their hindwing. Females may show yellow markings on their hindwings, and both sexes have whitish to tan stripes on their forewings (veins are bordered by white colour).
Female: "Troides dohertyi" is sexually dimorphic.
The female covers the upper range of the wing-span. It is significant-larger than the male. The basic colour of the female is dark-brown. The veins are bordered by white colour. There is a small yellow area with dark veins on the hind wings. The underside is a similar to the upperside.
The abdomen is light-brown, but the underside is yellow. Head and thorax are black. The underside of thorax has a red hair-coat.
Related species.
"Troides dohertyi" is a member of the "Troides aecus" species group. The members of this clade are:
Conservation.
"Troides dohertyi" is classified as Vulnerable (VU) on the IUCN Red List 2006 (1) and listed on Appendix II of CITES (2).
Etymology.
It was named for William Doherty.

</doc>
<doc id="9891883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891883" title="José Régio">
José Régio

José Maria dos Reis Pereira, better known by the pen name José Regio (Vila do Conde, Portugal,September 17, 1901 — December 22, 1969 ) was a Portuguese writer which lived most of his life in Portalegre (1928 to 1967). He was the brother of Júlio Maria dos Reis Pereira.
In 1927 he founded the magazine "Presença" which would come to be cornerstone of the second modernism movement in Portugal, of which he was the main ideologue. Aside from this magazine he also made contributions to newspapers such as the "Diário de Notícias" and the "Comércio do Porto".
He was defiant of the Estado Novo regime and was a member of the "Movimento de Unidade Democrática" (Democratic Unity Movement), supporting Humberto Delgado's bid for the Portuguese presidency.
As a writer, José Régio was the author of novels, plays, poetry and essays. His works are hare strongly influenced by the theme of conflict between Man and God and between Individual and Society, in a critical analysis of solitude and human relations. As an essayer, he dedicated himself to the study of Camões and Florbela Espanca.

</doc>
<doc id="9891896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891896" title="Pazardzhik Municipality">
Pazardzhik Municipality

Pazardzhik Municipality () is the second largest municipality in Pazardzhik Province, after Velingrad. It occupies 640 km² or 14,3% of the province. Its territory encompasses the western-most parts of the Upper Thracian Plain and is famous for its fertility. The population of 134,295 lives in 32 settlements which include one town (Pazardzhik) and 31 villages.
Villages in the municipality:
1.Aleko Konstantinovo
2.Apriltsi
3.Bratanitsa
4.Chernogorovo
5.Crancha
6.Debrashtitsa
7.Dobrovnitsa
8.Dragor
9.Gelemenovo
10.Glavinitsa
11.Govedare
12.Hadzhievo
13.Ivailo
14.Krali Marko
15.Lyanovo
16.Malo Konare
17.Miryantsi
18.Mokrishte
19.Ognyanovo
20.Ovchepoltsi
21.Patalenitsa
22.Pishtigovo
23.Rosen
24.Saraya
25.Sbor
26.Sinitovo
27.Topoli Dol
28.Tsar Asen
29.Velichkovo
30.Yunatsite
31.Zvanichevo

</doc>
<doc id="9891909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891909" title="Mezhuveli Temple">
Mezhuveli Temple

Mezhuveli Anandabhootheshawara Temple is situated at the heart of Mezhuveli village in Pathanamthitta District. This temple was built by the villagers under the leadership of famous social reformer and poet Sri.Muloor S.Padmanabha Panicker. This century old temple was built on a place called ‘Tholekavu’ which was surrounded by a small hill called ‘Meenchirakkal Hill’ on the southern side, ‘Ambottimodi’ also called ‘Kailasam’ on the east, a beautiful stream flowing on the western side near “Pottanmala’ and at the north side ‘Padmanabhan Kunnu’, a small hill. Tholekavu was a small forest, which is believed to be a part of the Pandalam Kingdom.
See also.
Ayyappa temple situated about 8 km from Mezhuveli

</doc>
<doc id="9891919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891919" title="Jack Clarke (West Australian footballer)">
Jack Clarke (West Australian footballer)

John Kildahl "Jack" Clarke (26 June 1931 – 23 March 1997) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Western Australian National Football League (WANFL). 
Clarke played as a ruckman for East Fremantle, making his debut in 1952. In 1957 he won the Sandover Medal as the fairest and best player in the league as well as playing in a premiership-winning team.
Clarke played 206 games for East Fremantle, plus 26 state games for Western Australia in the period 1952 to 1962. He was named in four All-Australian Teams - 1953, 1956, 1958 and 1961.
Career highlights.
In 1998 Jack Clarke was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
In 2004 he was inducted to the WA Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9891931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891931" title="Babe (Take That song)">
Babe (Take That song)

"Babe" is a song by boyband Take That. It was the fourth single from Take That's second album, "Everything Changes". Written by Gary Barlow, it features Mark Owen on lead vocals. The production was led by David Clayton who later spent 10 years as keyboard player and backing vocalist with Simply Red.
Background.
Released on 13 December 1993, it became Take That's third single in a row to go straight to number one in the UK Singles Chart, knocking Mr Blobby's self-titled novelty single from the number one slot in the process. The following week however, Mr Blobby's single climbed back to number one, denying Take That the Christmas number one place. The single sold 350,000 copies in 1993, and was that year's 14th biggest-selling single. The song was certified platinum on 1 January 1994 for shipments of over 600,000 copies in the UK. The song was featured in the "Only Fools and Horses" episode "Fatal Extraction" broadcast on 25 December 1993, the day that the song had been knocked off number one in the singles chart.
Music video.
The music video was the first Take That video to involve the members act out a story and to use drama in. The video runs parallel to the song's lyrics showing Owen trying to track down a loved one after coming back from war. Later in the video it emerges that Owen has fathered a child. The video uses intercut clips of the band standing around Barlow, all performing the song. The last few seconds of the video are somewhat happier showing outtakes of the band from the video.

</doc>
<doc id="9891932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891932" title="Greenwood, Mississippi micropolitan area">
Greenwood, Mississippi micropolitan area

The Greenwood Micropolitan Statistical Area is a micropolitan area in the northwestern Delta region of Mississippi that covers two counties - Leflore and Carroll. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 48,716 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 44,841).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 48,716 people, 17,027 households, and 11,956 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 37.22% White, 60.85% African American, 0.10% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.79% from other races, and 0.47% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.64% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $25,198, and the median income for a family was $30,885. Males had a median income of $27,209 versus $19,096 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $14,149.

</doc>
<doc id="9891958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891958" title="Kantang District">
Kantang District

Kantang () is a district ("Amphoe") in the western part of Trang Province, Thailand.
History.
Kantang (Malay: Gantang) was the original capital of Trang Province, at first in Khuan Thani, and then from 1893-1916 to the coastal Kantang itself. As the area was prone to floodings the capital was finally moved further inland to its present location. The city pillar shrine ("Lak Mueang") of Trang is still located at its original location at Khuan Thani.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Sikao, Mueang Trang and Yan Ta Khao of Trang Province. To the southwest is the Andaman Sea.
The district is located at the mouth of the Trang River.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 14 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 83 villages ("muban"). The town ("thesaban mueang") Kantang covers the whole "tambon" Kantang. There are further further 13 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9891984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891984" title="Everything Changes (Take That song)">
Everything Changes (Take That song)

"Everything Changes" is a song by British boy band Take That. The song was the fifth single from the band's second studio album, "Everything Changes". It was written by Gary Barlow, Michael Ward, Eliot Kennedy and Cary Bayliss, and it was produced by Ward. The song features Robbie Williams on lead vocals.
Music video.
The music video, liberally based on Kylie Minogue's video for her single "Give Me Just A Little More Time" (shot in the same location, 24 months earlier), shows the band in a jazz cafe performing the song with people in the cafe joining in. The music video uses the 7" mix. The only difference between the 7" mix and the album version is that, there is a spoken part by Robbie Williams in the beginning of the album version that goes "Girl come over here let me hold you for a little while and remember I'll always love you". The spoken part is removed in the 7" mix. The 7" mix also appears on their "Greatest Hits" album.
Track listings.
The B-side of the single features a studio version of a medley of songs by The Beatles, which the band performed live in concerts. The songs included, in order, are "I Want to Hold Your Hand", "A Hard Day's Night" and "She Loves You".
Chart performance.
The single was released on 28 March 1994, it was Take That's fourth consecutive single to go straight in at number one on the UK Singles Chart, where it remained for two weeks. The song sold 367,000 copies in the UK, and has received a silver disc certification in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9891988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9891988" title="Bore Da (album)">
Bore Da (album)

Bore Da is an album by Euros Childs, released in March 2007. It was his second solo album and is sung entirely in Welsh. "Bore Da" is Welsh for "good morning".
Tracks.
All tracks written by Euros Childs except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9892028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892028" title="1066 Granada massacre">
1066 Granada massacre

The 1066 Granada massacre took place on 30 December 1066 (9 Tevet 4827; 10 Safar 459 AH) when a Muslim mob stormed the royal palace in Granada, which was at that time in Muslim-ruled al-Andalus, assassinated the Jewish vizier Joseph ibn Naghrela and massacred many of the Jewish population of the city.
Joseph ibn Naghrela.
Joseph ibn Naghrela, or Joseph ha-Nagid ( "Ribbi Yehosef ben Shemu'el ha-Lewi ha-Nagid"; "Abu Hussein bin Naghrela") (15 September 1035 – 30 December 1066), was a vizier to the Berber king, Badis al-Muzaffar of Granada, during the Moorish rule of Andalusia and the leader of the Jewish community there.
Life and career.
Joseph was born in Granada, the eldest son of Rabbi and famous poet and warrior Sh'muel ha-Nagid.
Some information about his childhood and upbringing is preserved in the collection of his father's Hebrew poetry, in which Joseph writes that he began copying at the age of eight and a half. For example, he tells how once (aged nine and a half, in the spring of 1045) he accompanied his father to battlefield, only to suffer from severe homesickness, about which he wrote a short poem.
His primary school teacher was his father. On the basis of a letter to Rabbi Nissim Gaon attributed to him, in which Joseph refers to himself as R' Nissim's disciple, it is possible to infer that he also studied under R' Nissim at Kairwan. Joseph later married R' Nissim's daughter.
On R' Shmuel's death, Joseph succeeded him as vizier and rabbi, directing at the same time an important yeshiva. Among his students were Rabbi Isaac ben Baruch ibn Albalia and Rabbi Isaac ibn Ghayyat.
Character.
Rabbi Abraham ibn Daud describes Joseph in highly laudatory terms, saying that he lacked none of his father's good qualities, except that he was not quite as humble, having been brought up in luxury.
The 1906 edition of the "Jewish Encyclopedia" states that "Arabic chroniclers relate that he believed neither in the faith of his fathers nor in any other faith. It may also be doubted that he openly declared the principles of Islam to be absurd. Arabic poets also praised his liberality.
The "Jewish Encyclopedia" also reports that Joseph "controlled" the King and "surrounded him with spies."."
He was also accused of several acts of violence, which drew upon him the hatred of the Berbers, who were the ruling majority at Granada. The most bitter among his many enemies was Abu Ishak of Elvira, who hoped to obtain an office at court and wrote a malicious poem against Joseph and his coreligionists. This poem made little impression upon the king, who trusted Joseph implicitly, but it created a great sensation among the Berbers. A rumor spread to the effect that Joseph intended to kill Badis, deliver the realm into the hands of Al-Mutasim of Almería with whom the king was at war, then to kill Al-Mutasim and seize the throne himself.
Massacre.
On 30 December 1066 (9 Tevet 4827), Muslim mobs stormed the royal palace where Joseph had sought refuge, then crucified him. In the ensuing massacre of the Jewish population, many of the Jews of Granada were murdered. The 1906 Jewish Encyclopedia claims that "More than 1,500 Jewish families, numbering 4,000 persons, fell in one day." However the 1971 edition does not give precise casualty figures.
Joseph's wife fled to Lucena with her son Azariah, where she was supported by the community. Azariah died in early youth.
According to historian Bernard Lewis, the massacre is "usually ascribed to a reaction among the Muslim population against a powerful and ostentatious Jewish vizier."
Lewis writes:
Particularly instructive in this respect is an ancient anti-Semitic poem of Abu Ishaq, written in Granada in 1066. This poem, which is said to be instrumental in provoking the anti-Jewish outbreak of that year, contains these specific lines:
Lewis continues: "Diatribes such as Abu Ishaq's and massacres such as that in Granada in 1066 are of rare occurrence in Islamic history."
The episode has been characterized as a pogrom. Walter Laqueur writes, "Jews could not as a rule attain public office (as usual there were exceptions), and there were occasional pogroms, such as in Granada in 1066."
Spivakovsky questions the death rate, suspecting it to be an example of "the usual hyperbole in numerical estimates, with which history abounds".

</doc>
<doc id="9892054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892054" title="MKCG Medical College and Hospital">
MKCG Medical College and Hospital

The Maharaja Krishna Chandra Gajapati Medical College & Hospital, Brahmapur, Ganjam, Odisha, also popularly known as MKCG Medical College and Hospital, is a Government Medical College and Hospital which started functioning in 1962 as a medical college and 1966 as a hospital. Subsequently, both the Medical College and the attached Hospital were renamed after the Late Maharaja of Parlakhemundi, Ganjam, Krushna Chandra Gajapati, as the Maharaja Krishna Chandra Gajapati Medical College & Hospital.
Functioning.
It operates with 23 Clinical Departments, 8 Non-Clinical and Para-Clinical Departments and with 800 beds. A tele-medicine unit, provided by the ISRO, is also operational. It imparts medical education to 150 undergraduate students, 95 post-graduate medical students, 20 diploma students in Medical Laboratory Technology and 10 diploma students in Medical Radiation Technology. Surprisingly it faces very sever shortages of manpower and teaching staff.
This Medical College and Hospital, being the only major medical institution in Southern Odisha, also serves as a referral hospital. A blood bank is located in a separate building within the medical compound. Recently the building for Regional Diagnostic Centre was completed and it is ready to start functioning with facilities for a variety of sophisticated diagnosis and investigation. The hospital has also started working on two new separate buildings, dedicated to Trauma Centre and a new, improved, Neurology Department. Within the compound there is a Forensic and Toxicology Department, and a new, upgraded, mortuary and a new forensic and toxicology building, in addition to this there is a new orthopaedics building, a new paediatrics building and a new medicine building has been built. Recently there has been much infrastructure development like The Central Library,New Casualty Department, Microbiology Department and Oncology Department are in making.The Central Library is sanctioned with a budget of 9 crore.The Building is designed according to AIIMS style.The Building will have five floors.The Ground Floors will have Garage and Canteen Facility, 2nd Floor will be reservoir of books, 3rd Floor will be for reading, 4th Floor will have computer facility with all the e-library will be linked through cetral server and 5th Floor will be a hub for Research Papers and Journals.
Residential quarters are provided inside the campus for the teaching and non-teaching staff of both the College and the Hospital.
This medical college has the largest campus of all three government medical colleges in Odisha.
Undergraduate courses.
The college offers the four and half year MBBS course with one year compulsory rotating internship in affiliated hospitals to a maximum of 150 students per year. Admission to this college in MBBS course is extremely competitive and strictly on the basis of merit. Out of 150, 23 seats are filled through All India Pre-medical Test (AIPMT) conducted by the CBSE and the remaining 127 seats are filled through the Odisha JEE held every year. Only 0.2% of applicants for the MBBS course are accepted.

</doc>
<doc id="9892055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892055" title="A Diary for Timothy">
A Diary for Timothy

A Diary for Timothy (1945) is a British documentary film directed by Humphrey Jennings. It was produced by Basil Wright for the Crown Film Unit. 
The narration was written by the British author E. M. Forster (spoken by Michael Redgrave) and is an account of the progress of the war during the first six months of the life of a baby named Timothy. The recoveries of a pilot with a broken leg and a miner with a broken arm are also featured. Dame Myra Hess is featured giving a concert at the National Gallery in London, several years after her appearance in "Listen to Britain", and John Gielgud performs as the Prince in the gravediggers scene from "Hamlet".
In a documentary on Jennings made for Channel 4 television by Kevin MacDonald in 2000, it was revealed that the baby who was the subject of the film (Timothy James Jenkins) later moved to Brighton in the 1960s and became a mod before settling down to become a teacher; he died in November 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9892085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892085" title="Ron Clegg">
Ron Clegg

Ron "Smokey" Clegg (17 November 192723 August 1990) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League.
A brilliant key position player at either centre half-forward or centre half-back, he was awarded the Brownlow Medal in 1949 while playing with the then South Melbourne Football Club. He won the club's Best and Fairest award three times.
In 1996 Clegg was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9892091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892091" title="Love Ain't Here Anymore">
Love Ain't Here Anymore

"Love Ain't Here Anymore" is a song by boyband Take That. Released on 17 May 1994, it was the sixth and final single taken from Take That's second album "Everything Changes". It peaked at number three in the UK Singles Chart, ending their string of consecutive number-one singles. It failed to overtake Wet Wet Wet's cover of "Love Is All Around" at number one, and American R&B group, All-4-One, who reached number two with "I Swear". The song was re-recorded for release in the United States and included on their first "Greatest Hits" compilation in 1996. A Spanish version of the song, "No Si Aqui No Hay Amor", was recorded and entered the Spanish charts at number two. It appears as a B-side to the single, "Sure". The song has received a Silver sales status certification for sales of over 200,000 copies in the UK.
Music video.
The music video shows the band performing the song in what appears to be a recording studio. Lighting effects are used to make the video more complex and appealing showing silohuettes of the band.
Track listing.
The medley contains versions of "Great Balls of Fire", "Under the Moon of Love", "(Let Me Be Your) Teddy Bear" and "Born to Hand Jive".

</doc>
<doc id="9892096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892096" title="Florida State Road 527">
Florida State Road 527

Extending through Osceola and Orange counties, State Road 527 (SR 527) is a major arterial road through the Orlando MSA. It is partially unsigned from the southern terminus to SR 482. It runs concurrent with Osceola Parkway for just 1 block. It is known as Old Dixie Highway in Osceola County, and Orange Avenue in Orange County, but in Downtown Orlando, at the northbound portion of the one-way pair, is known as Rosalind Avenue. The northern terminus is with an intersection of Fairbanks Avenue in Winter Park The southern terminus is with an intersection of Donegan Avenue near Kissimmee. Along the entire route, the places passed are Meadow Woods, Southchase, Taft, Belle Isle, Pine Castle, Edgewood, Orlando, and Winter Park. In Downtown Orlando, it is one of the 2 state roads that border Lake Eola, the other being SR 526.
History.
SR 3A was defined by number in 1935 state law, chapter 17341, approved May 27, 1935:
This was established to keep this section of former SR 3, which was to be bypassed around 1937 along the Orlando Shortcut (now Orlando Avenue) and Mills Avenue, a state road (and probably part of US 17/US 92). South of SR 22 (Colonial Drive), Orange Avenue was still part of SR 2.
SR 3A was extended in both directions by number in 1939 state law chapter 19049, approved May 12, 1939:
This kept the rest of old SR 3 in Winter Park in the State Road system, as well as old SR 2 south of SR 22 (Colonial Drive), which was bypassed around 1939.
Some state maps show SR 3A on old SR 2 north of Kissimmee in Osceola County and through Maitland into Seminole County, but it doesn't appear that these were added, unless they were added in 1941 when most of the through roads in Orange County were designated as State Roads.
In the 1945 renumbering, most of SR 3A became SR 527; SR 527 extended south into Osceola County but not north to Seminole County. The part between Orlando Avenue and the Park Avenue/Fairbanks Avenue intersection in Winter Park instead became part of SR 426, and was a gap in SR 527.

</doc>
<doc id="9892099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892099" title="Israel Bar Association">
Israel Bar Association

The Israel Bar Association (IBA) is the bar association for all Israeli lawyers. 
The Israel Bar is organized as a corporation, with a Central Committee, a National Assembly and five districts. Membership is mandatory for lawyers licensed in Israel. The top positions are filled by elections held every four years. The president from July 2007 to July 2011 was Yori Geiron of the law firm Geraldson, Marks And Xeno.
The Israel Bar Association was established in 1961 as an autonomous statutory entity that assures the standard and integrity of the legal profession in Israel.
The law empowers the Israel bar with mandatory authority to regulate ethical and disciplinary matters, to accredit interns, conduct the Bar Exam twice a year, and issue licenses. As a matter of discretionary authority, the law empowers the Israel Bar to take actions for the benefit of its members, and to take legal actions against those trespassing on the profession. It is considered a self regulated "guild", created under the concept that lawyers are better equipped to discipline themselves without government or judicial supervision. This is contrary to the United States, where lawyers must seek admission from the Courts in each State they wish to practice, and obtain additional separate licenses from Federal Courts. Therefore, membership in the Israel Bar is compulsory, and it is the only bar recognized under the law. Under the umbrella of the Israel Bar different committees devoted to almost every imaginable aspect of the law convene on a voluntary basis. Those committees, however, have very limited and minuscule role in the daily practice of attorney, and have minimal influence in the process of drafting and passing laws. 
Two standing committees of the IBA are the Mandatory Mediation Committee, and the "Schar Mitzvah" (Pro Bono Program) Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="9892109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892109" title="Joseni">
Joseni

Joseni (, Hungarian pronunciation: , meaning "Lower Village in Gyergyó") is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania, and is composed of three villages:
History.
The first written mention of the commune is from 1567 as "Alffalw". In 1614, it was recorded that "Alfalu" had 104 families. In 1724, it was already mentioned as "Gyergyó Alfalu". Its Romanian name was "Alfalău" until 1919 and was derived from the Hungarian form.
In 1567, it was the local priest Stephen who mobilized the Székelys against king John Sigismund who attempted to force Roman Catholic Székelys to convert to Protestantism. In memory of the role that the village played in the Székely resistance, pilgrims from the village lead the procession on occasion of the yearly Csíksomlyó pilgrimages.
The villages belonged first to the Székely seat of Gyergyószék, which was subsequently absorbed into Csíkszék district, until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Ciuc County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Hungarian Autonomous Province, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 5,475; of which 98.17% or 5,375 are ethnic Hungarians.
Landmarks.
The Roman Catholic Church was built in the honour of Saint Simon the Zealot, Saint Judas Thaddaeus and Margaret the Virgin. It probably dates to the 13th century as its stone gate bears the number 1213. At the right hand-side from its entrance, a flagpole base can be seen which was raised in 1942 by villagers living in Budapest.
Its inscriptions reads: "Man, think in thy heart that this land has always been and always will be Székely Land."
In the church garden, the monument for WWI and WWII heroes and the statue of priest Stephen can be found.
Twinnings.
The commune is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="9892126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892126" title="Ambidensovirus">
Ambidensovirus

The virus genus Ambidensovirus belongs to the "Densovirinae" subfamily which belongs to the "Parvoviridae" family. The viruses of this genus are . The viruses of this genus are invertebrate viruses, infecting crustaceans and insects.
There are currently six recognized species of "Ambidensovirus". They are "Blattodean ambidensovirus 1" and "Blattodean ambidensovirus 2", "Dipteran ambidensovirus 1", "Hemipteran ambidensovirus 1", "Lepidopteran ambidensovirus 1", and "Orthopteran ambidensovirus 1".
Structure.
Virions consist of non-enveloped capsids that have a round appearance and display icosahedral symmetry. The virions each have an isometric (and therefore spherical) nucleocapsid with a diameter of either 18-22 nm or 20-26 nm. Sixty capsomers are present in each capsid. The structure of each capsomer is described as "a quadrilateral 'kite-shaped' wedge"; the surface is said to have a rough appearance with small projections. The centre of capsids are sometimes visualised as appearing dark due to stain penetration in preparations where only a single species is retrieved. The virions do not appear to contain lipids. The buoyant density (in CsCl) of the virions is 1.4-1.44 g cm−3.
Genome.
Ambidensoviruses have non-segmented genomes that contain a single linear molecule of single-stranded DNA. The genome codes for structural proteins are about 5000 nucleotides in length and could either be negative-sense or positive-sense. Conserved nucleotide sequences of usually 120-300 or more nucleotides are present at the 3'-terminus and an inverted repeat of this could also be found at the 5'-terminus.

</doc>
<doc id="9892133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892133" title="Sure (Take That song)">
Sure (Take That song)

"Sure" is a single by British boy band Take That, released as the lead single from their third studio album "Nobody Else" (1995). Released on 3 October 1994, it was a departure from their previous singles, having a more American, R&B sound compared to their previous, more pop/dance orientated songs. It was written by Take That's lead singer Gary Barlow with contributions from fellow band members Robbie Williams and Mark Owen. The song has received a silver disc certification and sold over 215,000 copies in the UK.
Music video.
The music video was seven minutes long and is somewhat comical. It shows the band preparing for a party whilst Mark Owen is also babysitting a disruptive little girl Emma who is halting the band from getting ready. Gary Barlow is writing a song, Jason Orange is dancing, Howard Donald is preparing food and Robbie Williams emerges back from shopping. Once the song starts, the video shows a house party occurring as well as the band performing the song in vest nets against a blue backdrop.
A shorter edited version of the song exists in which music video channels play the video from where the song starts.
Chart performance.
The single was released on 3 October 1994. Take That's previous single had stalled at number three after four consecutive number-one hits, but "Sure" went straight in at number to becoming their fifth number-one single in all. It remained at the top for two weeks, but dropped quickly thereafter. It was the 42nd best selling single of 1994 in the UK, the lowest selling number single of the year. The song was also the sixth biggest selling in Italy of 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9892158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892158" title="Krali Marko, Pazardzhik Province">
Krali Marko, Pazardzhik Province

Krali Marko () is a small village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. the population is 264. The village is located on the right bank of the Luda Yana river, close to the large village of Chernogorovo. Despite its small population, Krali Marko occupies a relatively large area, because the houses usually have enormous yards where the locals grow flowers, fruit and vegetables. There is no school because of the few inhabitants, so the children attend the schcool in Chernogorovo. In spring and summer the village is all in green with blossoming trees and flowers.
The favourable climate, the fertile soils and the well developed irrigation system in the whole region have determinated intense and productive agriculture. The most important crops include vegetables (tomatoes, cucumbers, potatoes, pepper, aubergines); fruit (strawberries, apples, peaches, figs); wheat, maize, barley. The most spread domestic animals are chicken including and a chicken farm.

</doc>
<doc id="9892161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892161" title="Dena Kennedy">
Dena Kennedy

Dena Kennedy is a New Zealand born actress. She has appeared in New Zealand television series Seven Periods with Mr Gormsby and in numerous theatre productions. She has been nominated for two Chapman Tripp Theatre Awards: in 2001 for Most Promising Female Newcomer of the Year for her role in "Have Car, Will Travel" and in 2005 for Supporting Actress of the Year for her role in "Boston Marriage".
She has attended , graduating with a Diploma of Performing Arts and a Bachelor of Performing Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="9892189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892189" title="OptimFROG">
OptimFROG

OptimFROG is a proprietary lossless audio data compression codec developed by Florin Ghido. OptimFROG is optimized for very high compression ratios, even for the price of slower encoding and decoding.
OptimFROG DualStream.
OptimFROG DualStream is a lossy codec, aimed to fill gap between perceptual coding and lossless coding. OptimFROG DualStream has an option to produce a correction file. This file can be used, in combination with the main lossy-encoded file, for lossless decoding.
This correction feature is also offered by WavPack Hybrid, MPEG-4 SLS and DTS-HD Master Audio.
Technical details.
Metadata.
Both OptimFROG file formats use APEv2 tags to store the metadata.

</doc>
<doc id="9892192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892192" title="Aeri de Montserrat">
Aeri de Montserrat

The Aeri de Montserrat () is an aerial cable car which provides one of the means of access to the Montserrat mountain and abbey. It can be found near the city of Barcelona, Catalonia.
The line runs from the monastery to the station of Montserrat-Aeri, on the Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya (FGC) line from Barcelona-Plaça d'Espanya station to Manresa. The FGC operates the Montserrat Rack Railway, which provides an alternative access to the mountain and abbey, and two funicular railways on the mountain, the Funicular de Sant Joan and the Funicular de Santa Cova.

</doc>
<doc id="9892203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892203" title="Horrie Clover">
Horrie Clover

Horrie Clover (20 March 1895 – 1 January 1984) was a leading Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League (VFL).
Clover was a high-marking centre half-forward who starred from his first game, kicking three goals and hitting the post four times. Clover was Carlton’s key player during his career, including stints as playing coach in 1922-23 and 1927 for 26 wins from 45 matches. He also served as club secretary, vice-president and president over many years.
Called "one of the finest exponents of the centre-half-forward position that the game has known", Clover was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9892209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892209" title="Fallout (Front Line Assembly album)">
Fallout (Front Line Assembly album)

Fallout is an album by Vancouver industrial band Front Line Assembly, released in 2007. Initially announced as an EP, it is a collection of nine remixes and three previously unreleased tracks. by both the band themselves and other acts including Combichrist, as well as a few additional new tracks.
Background.
According to Jeremy Inkel, "Electric Dreams" and "Unconscious" are songs that were originally meant for the "Artificial Soldier" album, but left unfinished until after.
Release.
"Fallout" was released in April 2007. The band toured North America and Europe in support of its release.
Critical reception.
David Jeffries of Allmusic called "Fallout" "one of the better odds and ends collections in FLA's catalog." Remarking on individual songs, he stated, "Sebastian R. Komor (Icon of Coil) makes "Unleashed" sound absolutely epic", and called Portion Control's "Lowlife" remix both "creepy and sinister" and the "most difficult and rewarding remix".
In his review, Peter Marks of Release Magazine said of the album, "The results are mixed", calling the "Unleashed" remix "not very impressive". He was positive about the Portion Control "Lowlife" remix, saying it "goes places FLA never would, or for that matter could." About the mix of "Lowlife" retitled "Reprobate", he said that "production master Greg Reely gives his version... a potent, malicious bent". On the new tracks Marks commented, "The three new works are all nice enough but it is "Armageddon" that sticks in my mind as it takes us back to a different era of this act, when they were releasing truly revelatory works."

</doc>
<doc id="9892214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892214" title="Sibylla of Burgundy">
Sibylla of Burgundy

Sibylla of Burgundy (1126 – 16 September 1150 in Salerno) was the second queen consort of Roger II of Sicily.
Family.
She was a daughter of Hugh II, Duke of Burgundy and his wife Felicia-Matilda of Mayenne.
Her maternal grandparents were Gauthier, Count of Mayenne and Adelina de Presles.
Marriage, Issue and Death.
In 1149, Sibylla married King Roger II of Sicily. On 29 August of that year, she gave birth to a son (apparently premature) called Henry, who died young.
One year later she became pregnant a second time. Sibylla gave birth to a stillborn child and died of complications of the childbirth. She was buried in the church of the Monastery of La Trinità Cava de' Tirreni.

</doc>
<doc id="9892218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892218" title="Salma Akhter">
Salma Akhter

Salma Akhter () is a Bangladeshi singer.
Early life.
Salma was brought up in a small village in Kushtia. She sings Lalon's songs. She did not have a formal education in music.
"Close Up 1".
Salma Akhter participated in Close up 1 competition which was shown on Bangladeshi tv channel ntv. 
Personal life.
Salma married Shibly Sadik in 2011. They have a daughter, Sneha, born on January 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9892224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892224" title="Whuppity Scoorie Day">
Whuppity Scoorie Day

Whuppity Scoorie is a traditional festival dating from the early 19th century observed by people in Lanark, Scotland, on 1 March to celebrate the approach of spring. Local children gather around the local St Nicholas kirk where at 6 pm the wee bell is rung. This is the starting sign for the children to run around the church in a clockwise direction, making noise and swinging paper balls on strings above their heads as they run. It is no longer a race for safety reasons and to increase fairness for the younger participants. After three laps, they scramble for coins thrown by members of the Community Council who host the event. The Community Council also hosts a "Whuppity Scoorie Storytelling Festival" and art workshops after the event until 7 March.
Origins.
While the origins of Whuppity Scoorie are unknown, there are several theories which try to explain how the ancient custom evolved. The most common theory is that Whuppity Scoorie came from a pagan festival that was intended to celebrate spring and frighten off winter or evil spirits. Others believe it marks the time when days got longer allowing curfews to be lifted or changed so children could play outside longer. Another theory connects the event with an ancient religious penance in which the penitents were whipped three times round the church and afterwards "scoored" – washed – in the nearby River Clyde, but the burgh and kirk session records make no mention of such punishments. The celebration could also have been instituted to remember the murder of William Wallace's wife.
The tradition was first mentioned in a local newspaper, The Hamilton Advertiser, around the mid-19th century. It was still called the "wee bell ceremony" suggesting a link with the ringing of the church bell. In 1893, the Advertiser first referred to "the custom known as Whuppity Scoorie" which simply became "Whuppity Scoorie" the next year. The three laps around the church were also first mentioned in 1893, although the writer claimed this custom was 120 years old by then. The Advertiser also reported on how the local boys in those days rolled up their caps and tied them with string. After the bell rang, they would march to New Lanark where they would fight the boys coming in the opposite direction. By 1880, it was not uncommon for stones to be thrown, so the police posted men along the road between the villages to keep order.

</doc>
<doc id="9892235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892235" title="Moygownagh">
Moygownagh

Moygownagh (, means "Plain of the Milch Cows" also historically spelt Moygowna) is a parish in the Barony of Tyrawley, County Mayo, Ireland. Moygownagh borders the parishes of Kilfian, and Crossmolina.
The parish is on the R315 Crossmolina to Ballycastle road. A modern Community Centre, which is at the heart of the parish, is located there. The centre is a meeting place and sporting venue.
History.
The story of how the parish got its name is told in the 7th century Life of St. Cormac, taken from McFirbis. It relates how St. Cormac while on a journey, came to the place called Moygownagh, where he met St. Daria who was abbess of a nunnery there. She received him so hospitably that on his departure he blessed her and her place of habitation, and prayed that Moygownagh would abound in cows and herds. His prayers were answered, and from then on the place was known as Mag Gamhnach, which means 'Plain of the cows with calves'.
Although the feast of St. Daire falls on 26 October, there is no monument in the parish erected in her honour. St. Cormac, however, gives his name to the church. It is thought that St. Daire’s Convent was situated where the old cemetery now stands.
In ancient times, Moygownagh, most of Kilfian and a small part of Crossmolina formed the territory known as Bredach. It would appear that long before the coming of the Welsh Normans in the 13th century, or the formation of the present parish, this district of Bredach formed a unit of ecclesiastical as well as of civil administration.
There was a Protestant church near Garranard Post Office which itself was the parson’s residence. The stones remaining in the old Protestant church were used by Patrick Quinn in the foundation of the present parochial house when he was building it.
The present church was built in 1846 by Father James McNamera. It is situated in Ardvarney townland, once owned by a landlord called Stackpole.
Moygownagh in 1837
MAGANAUGH, or MOYGOWNAGH, a parish, in the barony of Tyrawley, county of Mayo, and province of Connaught, 7 miles (S.W.) from Killala, on the road from Crossmolina to Ballycastle; containing 1,981 inhabitants. This parish is situated on the river Awenmore, and comprises 4100 statute acres; the land is light, chiefly under tillage, with some pasture, and great quantities of bog and mountain; limestone abounds.
The principal seats are Belleville, the residence of Capt. W. Orme; Glenmore, of W. Orme, Esq.; and Stonehall, of T. Knox, Esq. It is a vicarage, in the diocese of Killala, forming part of the union of Crossmolina; the rectory is partly appropriate to the precentorship of Killala, and partly to the vicars choral of Christchurch, Dublin. The tithes amount to £110, of which £35.10 is payable to the vicars choral, £19.10 to the precentor, and £55 to the vicar. The R.C. parish is co-extensive with that of the Established Church; the chapel is small and in bad repair. About 70 children are educated in a public and about 10 in a private school.
Extract from Samuel Lewis' 'Topographical Survey of Mayo', published in 1837
Moygownagh Church.
Samuel Lewis, writing in 1836, spoke of the "R.C. Chapel in Magaunagh" as being "small and in bad repair". This church stood on the road-side about half way between the present church gate and Mitchells shop. A holy water stoup belonging to this church was preserved beside it for many years.
The present church was built in 1846 and it is situated in Ardvarney townland. The Griffith Valuation (1856) records that the "R.C. chapel and yard" were leased from Andrew Brown, being 5 roods in area and having a valuation of £15-15-0, but exempt from taxes or rates.
There was a stone placed over the entrance of the church which bore the following inscription: "This is the house of God and Gate of Heaven. Erected to the greater glory of God, A.D. 1846". After a porch was erected about 1937, this stone became hidden from view. It was removed in 1973 and inserted in the wall near the priest’s graves. Extensive reconstruction and alteration works were carried out at this time also by Fr. Michael Gilroy. The reason for the porch being erected in 1937 was that the door faced the prevailing wind and around that time a severe storm blew in the door and damaged the roof.
There is a relatively new graveyard behind Moygownagh church (in the centre of the town). The old Moygownagh cemetery is about half a mile south-west of Moygownagh town. The short driveway to the cemetery is on the west side of the Crossmolina road behind iron gates. An indexed catalogue of headstone photos from both graveyards is posted on-line on the "Family History in Ballycastle" web site at http://goldenlangan.com/headstones.html.
Glenmore House.
Glenmore House in the parish of Moygownagh was known locally as the 'Big House' or the Landlords house. It was built in 1790 with the stones quarried from the nearby wood. It was owned at the time by William Knox Orme. In 1853, the house and lands were purchased by Fetherstonehaugh. He remained as Landlord until 1930.
During this time, the Land Commission allotted most of the lands to the tenants. Major Aldridge bought the house and remaining lands in 1930. In 1931, the land in Attyshane was divided among the local people but there was still about , including woodlands in the estate.
When Major Aldridge sold the estate, he moved to Mount Falcon, near Ballina. He had a great interest in local history and he collected information and stories for the Folklore Commission.
After Major Aldridge came Mr. Brennan, Mr Hegarty, Captain Hunt, Mr. Latta, Sir John Riss and Mr Somers. Mr Somers sold the estate to Dr. Loftus in 1978. He owned it during his term as President of the G.A.A. Dr. Loftus sold the house and lands to a Mr. Begot in 1989.
During Fetherstonehaugh's time, there were fourteen men, three housemaids and a cook working in the house. The wages at the time were 5p per day
There was a holy well situated in the vicinity of the Big House. Many people came to pray at the well. Folklore has it that the landlord was displeased with the practice and the steward ordered the workers to fill the well with clay. They refused to obey his order so he took the spade himself and threw in a spadeful of soil. The men then completed the job. The steward became insane shortly afterward.

</doc>
<doc id="9892261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892261" title="Zoid">
Zoid

In botany, a zoid or zoïd is a reproductive cell that possesses one or more flagella, and is capable of independent movement. Zoid can refer to either an asexually reproductive spore or a sexually reproductive gamete. In sexually reproductive gametes, zoids can be either male or female depending on the species. For example, some brown alga ("Phaeophyceae") reproduce by producing multi-flagellated male and female gametes that recombine to form the diploid sporangia. Zoids are primarily found in some protists, diatoms, green alga, brown alga, non-vascular plants, and a few vascular plants (ferns, cycads, and "Ginko biloba"). The most common classification group that produces zoids is the heterokonts or stramenopiles. These include green alga, brown alga, oomycetes, and some protists. The term is generally not used to describe motile, flagellated sperm found in animals. Zoid is also commonly confused for zooid which is one single-celled organism that is part of a colonial animal.
Diversity of zoids.
A zoid contains one or more flagella for motility. In the various species that produce zoids, there is a high level of diversity in the number of flagella produced. The heterokonts generally produce zoids with 2 flagella, while the "Gingko biloba" produce zoids with tens of thousands of flagella. The position of the flagella and the arrangement of the microtubules varies among species as well. The following sections will briefly outline general characteristics of the zoids found in each subset as well as provide specific examples.
Zoids in heterokonts.
Heterokonts are a diverse group of eukaryotic organsisms that include diatoms, green algae, and brown algae. The defining characteristic of this group is their bi-flagellate, motile sperm (zoid). The two flagella are most commonly positioned apically or sub-apically depending on the type of heterokont. One flagella, the tinsel flagella, is generally longer and covered with bristles. The other flagella is typically shorter, potenetially even shortened to just a basal body, and is generally smooth and whip-like.
Green algae have a life cycle that includes an alternation of generations. Zoids can be found in both the haploid and the diploid phases of this life cycle in certain green alga. Number of flagella is one characteristic that aids in the classification of different types of green alga. Zoids are either released through pores or by lysing of the zoid-producing cells in either the gametangium or the sporangium. A majority of the zoids produced within this group are either bi-flagellate or quadri-flagellate. To represent the diversity of zoids found in green alga, below is a list of genera from the family "Monostromataceae" which is part of the phylum Chlorophyta.
Brown algae ("Phaeophyceae") reproduce both sexually and asexually depending on the species. However, all motile reproductive cells in the Class are flagellated and there are no free-living flagellate organisms. The structure of brown algae varies depending on Family and Genus, thus zoids are produced in a variety of ways. Gametes or asexual zoospores can be produced in plurilocular zoidangia in the larger thalli of brown alga. However, in smaller thalli, unilocular zoidangia produce the sexually or asexually reproductive cells. Below is some vocabulary associated with brown algal zoid production:
Brown alga zoids have the same two basic flagella discussed in the heterokont section. However, orientation of the flagella is unique in the "Phaeophyceae". In general, the flagella are both inserted laterally. 
Zoids are not as common in the diatoms as in the algal families. Diatoms are generally broken into two categories, the centric diatoms and the pennate diatoms. Of these two categories, only the centric diatoms have been found to produce zoids and only the male gametes have flagella. These motile, male gametes have been found to only possess one flagellum with no signs of even a rudimentary second flagella. This deviates from the standard definition of a heterokont. Because of this deviation, diatoms are often classified as "stramenopiles".
Zoids in non-vascular plants and fungi.
Among the non-vascular plants, specifically the "Bryophytes", species that sexually reproduce will utilize zoids as their gametes. Many species of "Bryophytes" are primarily asexually reproducing structures that reproduce by fragmentation or cloning. When the "Bryophytes" do reproduce sexually, the male zoids must swim from the antheridia to the archegonia. These zoids are generally bi-flagellate but this can vary species to species.
Fungi are a very diverse group of organisms with very diverse life cycles. Most reproduce using spores and many do not utilize zoids for their reproduction. However, one particular class of organisms that is very closely related to fungi use a similar zoid to the heterokonts mentioned above. "Oomycota" or water molds are a group of potentially pathogenic fungi-like eukaryotic organisms that utilize bi-flagellate zoids as their reproductive spores. The zoids are only released in aquatic environments. These "oomycetes" have been responsible for disease outbreaks such as sudden oak death and the potato famine (early blight).
Zoids in vascular plants.
Zoids are found in three types of vascular plants; ferns, cycads, and "Ginkgo biloba". The zoids of each of these groups are large and multi-flagellated. The mature spermatozoids of the fern "Asplenium onopteris" are 8 to 8.5 micrometers in length and contain 50 flagella. The zoid of the cycad can be up to 300 to 500 micrometers long and can contain thousands of flagella. The zoid of the ginkgo is approximately 86 micrometers long and also can contain thousands of flagella. Because of the high number of flagella associated with both cycads and ginkgo, there has been some debate as to whether they are flagella or cilia. Either way, cycads and "Ginkgo" are rare woody plants that produce motile gametes.
Evolution.
In plants, the zoid, or swimming sperm, is considered to be a trait of the "lower" land plants. In aqueous environments, the necessity for motile reproduction is obvious, but on land this adaptation losses its relevance. The zoid is most common among the non-vascular plants and the "lower" vascular plants. It is hypothesized that as the land plants evolved enclosed ovules, the necessity for a film of water and therefore motile sperm became unnecessary. The occurrence of motile, flagellated sperm or zoids in angiosperms is incredibly rare.
Along the same lines, the Ginkgo is a species that has no close living relative. It is believed to be most closely related to the giant seed ferns which date back to the Jurassic era. This represents what would also be considered a "lower" land plant. Ginkgo were originally classified in the "Taxaceae", or yew, family. When it was discovered that ginkgo had motile sperm, they were moved to their own family, "Ginkgoaceae".

</doc>
<doc id="9892266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892266" title="Omni Shoreham Hotel">
Omni Shoreham Hotel

The Shoreham Hotel is a hotel in Northwest Washington, D.C., owned by Omni Hotels. It is located at the intersection of Connecticut Avenue and Calvert Street. Built in 1930, the building was designed by Waddy Butler Wood. 
The hotel has also been an entertainment venue having been the home of Mark Russell and The Capitol Steps. Omni Shoreham Hotel, Washington DC is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
History.
On 4 March 1933, the first inaugural ball of President Franklin D. Roosevelt was held at the hotel. The hotel was outfitted with a special ramp and elevator to accommodate the needs of the new president. Subsequently, the Shoreham has hosted inaugural balls for every subsequent president of the 20th Century. President Bill Clinton played the saxophone at his inaugural ball held at the hotel on 21 January 1993.
Philippine President Manuel L. Quezon had his official residence in the Shoreham Hotel, during the period the government-in-exile of the Commonwealth of the Philippines was established in Washington, D.C. from May, 1942 until his death in August, 1944. The third-floor suite (the Franklin D. Roosevelt suite) he and his family stayed in was fully enclosed, and the glassed-in balcony can still be seen to this day. During that time, the Philippine and American flags flew outside the hotel.
Dr. Chris Lambertsen demonstrated his Lambertsen Amphibious Respiratory Unit (LARU) MK II, an oxygen rebreather, to individuals who were in the process of forming a maritime unit for the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in November 1942 at the Shoreham Hotel.
Over the years, the Shoreham has been the Washington home of many prominent politicians, including Senator Stuart Symington from Missouri. During the late 1940s and early 1950s when he was first Secretary of the Air Force, Symington was known to host President Harry S. Truman for all-night poker games.
On 10 February 1964, the Beatles booked the entire 7th floor of the hotel for one evening while they were in Washington to give a concert at the Washington Coliseum during their first American tour. Later that year in December, Denny Doherty performed his first show with John Phillips and Michelle Phillips, as The New Journeymen. With the addition of Cass Elliot, they would go on to be known as The Mamas & The Papas. The Conservative Political Action Conference took place at the Omni from 2006 through 2009.
Haunting.
Built in 1930 by local construction company owner Harry Bralove and designed by Waddy Butler Wood, the hotel's owners accepted Henry L. Doherty as a minority financial partner. Doherty and his family moved into an apartment (now Suite 870) in the hotel, along with their maid, Juliette Brown. A few months after the Dohertys moved into the apartment, their maid died in the night. A short time later, the Doherty's daughter, Helen, also died in the suite. The Dohertys moved out, and the apartment remained unoccupied for almost 50 years. The apartment was renovated into a hotel suite. But guests and hotel staff began to tell stories of faint voices, cold breezes, doors slamming shut and opening of their own accord, and televisions and lights turning on and off on their own. Guests in adjoining suites would complain of noises coming from the closed and empty Suite 870. Other occupants say furniture would be found out of place, and hotel staff said their housekeeping carts would move on their own. Todd Scartozzi, an Omni Hotels manager, stayed in the Ghost Suite with his family and observed a walk-in closet light turning on and off and its own accord. The Omni Shoreham Hotel has named the room the "Ghost Suite".

</doc>
<doc id="9892274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892274" title="Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries">
Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries

Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. (English abbreviation : HSHI, Hangul : 현대삼호중공업/Hyundai Samho Junggongup/, Hanja : 現代三湖重工業) is the world's 4th largest shipbuilder and produces approximately 40 vessels per year. Its yard is located in Samho-eup, Yeongam, South Korea.
History.
The company was first established with a name of 'Incheon Shipbuliding(인천조선)' in 1977 as a subsidiary company of Halla Group(한라그룹). (The founder of 'Halla group' was Chung In-Young the younger brother of Chung Ju-Yung, the founder of Hyundai Group) The first ship building dock was constructed in Incheon(인천), South Korea. In 1990, the company changed its name into 'Halla Heavy Industries'(한라중공업) and moved the dock yard from Incheon to Samhoup which is located in Yeongam, South Jeolla Province. (total 3,300,000 square metres of land)
In 1997, during the Asian Financial Crisis, the mother company Halla group (was ranked 12th in terms of equity at that time) has fallen into bankruptcy, bringing its affiliates into the slump as well. In this chaos, Halla Heavy Industries had filed for bankruptcy protection. The Korean Government decided to consign the company's management to Hyundai Heavy Industries for 5 years. The condition was selling the company to Hyundai Heavy Industries when the company restore its financial state.
In 1998, RH Heavy Industries (Rothschild Halla Heavy Industries), a temporary company which inherited only the assets and debt from Halla Heavy Industries, has been established. In 1999, RH Heavy Industries changed the name into 'Samho Heavy Industries' and in 2003, it finally changed the name into 'Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries' after the acquisition of Hyundai Heavy Industries in 2002. Today, Hyundai Heavy Industries owns 94.92% of the company's stock.
The company's formal establish year was 1998, because the company was formally re-established as RH Heavy Industries in 1998 when Rothschild temporarily bought the company.
Achievements.
After the purchase by Hyundai Heavy Industries, Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries has experienced rapid growth both internally and externally. In 2004, only 2 years after the take over of Hyundai Heavy Industries, the company has recorded $1 billion of overseas sales. In 2006, the company built a hull of a FPSO (Floating Production Storage Offloading) vessel and started to build LNG Carriers, LPG carriers and PCTCs (Pure Car & Truck Carrier). Furthermore, the company increased the capability of ship building up to 50 ships per year by constructing a mega size floating dry dock. 3 years later in 2009, Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries recorded an outstanding $3 billion of overseas sales. At the same year, the company has built a 30 million CGT ship in the shortest time period among the entire shipbuilding industry.
Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries now has 2 mega docks and an additional floating dock which can produce approximately 50 ships annually (4.3 Million GT), 5 Goliath Cranes including cranes of maximum lifting limit of 1200 tonnes and 900 tonnes. According to Clarkson Research, Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries is apparently the 5th largest shipbuilding company in the world. The company not only possess world class painting shops but also have obtained ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 certificates.
Products.
Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries has two major divisions - Ship Building and Industrial Equipment. The Ship Building division mainly produces Tankers, Bulk carriers, Container ships, Gas and Chemical carriers (mostly LNG carriers). The Industrial Equipment division manufactures industrial transportation equipment such as goliath cranes and container offloading cranes.
The company is also participating in the Panama Canal Locks rebuilding project since 2010.
Ship Building.
Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries has total of 3 docks. The 1st Dock(504 x 100 x 13m) can produce up to 800,000DWTs, 2nd Dock(594 x 104 x 13m) 1,000,000DWTs and No.1 Berth Dock(335 x 70 x 24m) which is the Floating Dock 500,000DWTs. The length of the Docks total up to 2.1 km while average depth is 12m. 5 Goliath Cranes are in operation. Two 600 tonne cranes are at the 1st Dock, two 900 tonne cranes at 2nd Dock, one 1200 tonne mega crane at the No.1 Berth Dock.
Fully operating the 3 docks can build up to 50 ships annually. (1 ship in 8 days) To build one ship takes approximately 20 to 24 months, including Contract, Ship Designing, Keel Laying, Launching, Delivery, After Service and so on. Most of the materials are Hi-Ten Steel Plate and Mild Steel Plate. The 3 largest suppliers are Posco, Dongkuk Steel and Hyundai Steel.
Since 1999, the company has built 46 Bulk Carriers (6,087,244 DWT), 134 Tankers (23,722,329 DWT), 83 Containerships (6,356,184 DWT), 4 LPG Carriers (224,272 DWT), 3 LNG Carriers (254,800 DWT), 10 PCTC Carriers (238,754 DWT) and a FPSO (321,300 DWT).
Industrial Equipment.
The Industrial Equipment Division was originally a subdivision of Hyundai Heavy Industry(HHI). Hyundai Samho Heavy Industry(HSHI) has taken over the division in 1 FEB 2004. Industrial Equipment division has produced over 1,200 cranes so far (since 1973). Its main products are Bulk Transporting facility, Wharf & Yard Cranes for ports, Goliath Cranes & Overhead Cranes for Steel plants or Power plants.

</doc>
<doc id="9892276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892276" title="Mezhuveli">
Mezhuveli

Mezhuveli is a village situated between the holy rivers of Pamba and Achankovil. It is located 16 km south-west of Pathanamthitta and 13 km east of Chengannur. The Ananda Bhoodeswaram temple in Mezhuveli is dedicated to the Lord Siva. It is famous for the "Kettukazhicha" during the "Utsavam" (temple festival) which is scheduled to be starting on The Maha Sivarathri, every year, linked to the Malayalam calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="9892285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892285" title="Unique Feature Identifier">
Unique Feature Identifier

Unique Feature Identifier or UFI is a geocode used for cities, towns, villages, and other geographic features. Generally, these are Static Unique Feature Identifiers (SUFI).

</doc>
<doc id="9892287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892287" title="Buck the World">
Buck the World

"Buck the World" is the second studio album by rapper Young Buck. It was released on March 27, 2007, through G-Unit & Interscope Records.
Background.
The album's title is a play on the expression, "F*ck the world".
Production was provided by Dr. Dre, Eminem, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Jazze Pha, Lil Jon and Polow da Don, among others. Guest appearances on the album include 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg, Chester Bennington, Young Jeezy, Bun B, T.I., Trick Daddy and Lyfe Jennings, among others.
The album's first single is "I Know You Want Me", featuring vocals and production by Jazze Pha. The album's second single is "Get Buck", produced by Polow da Don. The third single on the album is "U Ain't Goin' Nowhere", produced by Dr. Dre and released on May 18, 2007.
The iTunes version of the album replaces the track, "Lose My Mind"/"Funeral Music", with just "Funeral Music", only 3:15 in length.
Reception.
The album received positive reviews from critics upon release. It currently holds a 70/100 on Metacritic. "XXL" magazine said that Young Buck "puts the spotlight back on the Unit and fires a shot that will be heard around the world." Allmusic's David Jeffries stated that "it's the release that makes him more than G-Unit's clean-up man by proving he could survive even if 50 and Shady bankrupted the corporation tomorrow." Henry Adaso of About.com thought that Young Buck's "eagerness to redeem the Unit is sometimes marred by a lack of focus, as he goes from pimp-playa persona to typical tough-guy talk without catching a breath." "Rolling Stone"'s Christian Hoard wrote that "Young Buck proves that he's G-Unit's most enjoyable second banana."
The song 'Push Em Back' was featured in the film Drillbit Taylor during the first day of school scene.
Sales and chart performance.
"Buck the World" debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200 chart with 140,000 copies sold in its first week.
Track listing.
All lyrics by Young Buck, Music Compositions listed Below.

</doc>
<doc id="9892297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892297" title="Felix Samuely">
Felix Samuely

Felix James Samuely (3 February 1902 – 22 January 1959) was a Structural engineer.
Born in Vienna, he immigrated to Britain in 1933. Worked with Erich Mendelsohn on the De la Warr Pavilion, Bexhill-on-Sea (1936), the British Pavilion for the Brussels World’s Fair (1958) and on various parts of the Festival of Britain. Published MARS plan for London with Arthur Korn in 1942. He worked with George Grenfell Baines on a number of projects employing the mullion wall concept.
Samuely died in the London Clinic, 20 Devonshire Place, London, following a heart attack, leaving his wife and his mother, and was cremated at Golders Green crematorium in Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="9892312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892312" title="Extracts from Music for White Cube, London 1997">
Extracts from Music for White Cube, London 1997

Extracts from Music for White Cube, London 1997 is an ambient "Installation" album from British musician Brian Eno, released in 1997.
Overview.
The album is an Opal release, with no catalogue number.
The music on the album was made for an "Installation" – a show featuring music and visuals – that took place at the White Cube art gallery in London, from 25 April to 31 May 1997.
The gallery describes itself as "possibly the smallest exhibition space in Europe", and consists of a simple square room, painted white. During the show, white blinds covered the two windows in one wall and a suspended ceiling muffled lights that were suspended above it. Mounted on each of the four walls was a CD-player with two speakers on either side, playing random tracks.
Eno created the music by selecting random sites situated within a one-mile radius of the "White Cube" and recording a variety of ambient sounds around him, such as crowd-noise, the ringing bells of clock-towers, weather and rushing traffic. On top of this he also recorded himself singing a single, long note at each location.
Taking the raw recordings back to his London studio, he ran them through a variety of enhancement software/hardware to produce a series of time-stretched, compressed, equalised, reverberating compositions, which he burned onto CDs (8 to 16 tracks on each). These were the discs that were fed into the Installation players and set to 'random'. Eno says "I was thinking of the sound less as music and more as sculpture, space, landscape, and of the experience as a process of immersion rather than just of listening."
The "Extracts from Music for White Cube" album was originally the "catalogue" to accompany the Installation, which has a short essay on the inlay card. During the Installation's run at the White Cube gallery, visitors could also select from, and buy, a series of unique CD-Rs named "Contra 1.2". These varied in length from around 20 to 50 minutes, and the music was created with Koan's music-generation software.

</doc>
<doc id="9892321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892321" title="Meridian Public School District">
Meridian Public School District

The Meridian Public School District is a public school district based in Meridian, Mississippi (USA).
Discipline litigation.
The district agreed in 2013 to change how it disciplined students after the United States Department of Justice sued officials over inappropriate arrests of suspended students.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 6,630 students enrolled in the Meridian Public School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 50% female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the district was 82.90% African American, 15.25% White, 1.09% Hispanic, 0.65% Asian, and 0.12% Native American. 71.7% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9892330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892330" title="Arltarlpilta Community">
Arltarlpilta Community

The Arltarlpilta Community was a local government area in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is northeast of Alice Springs by road.
Arltarlpilta Community came under the Local Government Act on 26 September 1997, combining the Atitjere, Mount Eaglebeak, Foxalls Wells, Irrelirre and Unpayekerke communities. On 1 July 2008, the community was merged into the Central Desert Shire, although the Community Government Council remained in existence as a Local Board, which meets at Atitjere.
Alcohol consumption is controlled in Arltarlpilta—it is a dry community.

</doc>
<doc id="9892357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892357" title="Slater">
Slater

A slater, or slate mason, is a tradesman who covers buildings with slate.
Tools of the trade.
There are various tools of the slater's trade. They are all drop-forged.
The slater's hammer is forged in one single piece, from crucible cast steel, and has a 12-inch leather handle. It consists of a claw, for drawing nails, a sheer edge for cutting slate, and a head with a sharp point at one end for punching holes in slate and with a hammer head at the other.
The ripper is also forged from crucible cast steel and is 24 inches long. It consists of a blade and a hook, and is used for removing broken slate. The hook can be used to cut and remove slating nails.
The slater's stake is T-shaped. The vertical bar of the "T" is pointed in order to allow it to be driven into a rafter or other woodworking surface. The horizontal bar of the "T" is used to support slates whilst working on them (cutting, punching, or smoothing) with other tools. The long bar of the stake can also be used as a straight edge for marking.
The zax (also called a sack or sax) is a hand tool for cutting, trimming, and punching nail holes in slate. It consists of a heavy rectangular knife blade with a large point, of square cross section, protruding from the "poll" (or butt). The blade edge is used to split slate, while the point is used to pierce square holes for mounting the slate on the roof (with square copper nails) or making a series of small holes marking a line where the slate is broken over a slater's iron. The tool is mounted to a laterally offset handle to protect the user's hand from sharp slate chips.

</doc>
<doc id="9892363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892363" title="Bell Plain Township, Marshall County, Illinois">
Bell Plain Township, Marshall County, Illinois

Bell Plain Township, Township 29 North, Range 1 West, is located in Marshall County, Illinois. It includes the villages of Pattonsburg and La Rose and is traversed by State Highway 29 and the BNSF Railway.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 400 and it contained 169 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.76%) is land and (or 0.24%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9892384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892384" title="Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority">
Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority

Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority (reporting name: ERRA), is an independent, autonomous, and federal institution of Pakistan tasked and responsible for the operational planning, coordinating, monitoring, and regulating the reconstruction and rehabilitation operations in the earthquake affected areas of the country.
ERRA served as the apex institution for formulating the national earthquake public policy for the government and managed financial funds for the efforts and operations involved in the reconstruction programmes. Established on 24 October 2005 as a direct response to deadly earthquake (7.6 on the Richter Scale) in North-Western Pakistan, ERRA coordinated its largest operation to rebuild and reconstruct the 28,000-km2 earthquake effected area (that equals to the size of the Netherlands and Belgium put together). Its first earthquake operations were coordinated and executed by Lieutenant-General Nadeem Ahmad who was also its first appointed chairman from its inception, till April 2008, when Lt-Gen Sajjad Akram took over as deputy chairman. He stayed there till April 2010 when Lt Gen Haroon Aslam took over as its 3rd deputy chairman.
Codified under the Article 89(1) by the Constitution of Pakistan, the institute is chaired by the appointed and designated chairman and directly reports to the Prime Minister of Pakistan. As of present, the institution is currently chaired by Hamid Yar Hiraj as its appointed and designated chairman of ERRA.
External links.
Historical Background
Nature has blessed Pakistan's northern regions and Kashmir valley with striking landscapes of lofty snow clad peaks, sparkling glaciers, lush green meadows, breathtaking valleys, roaring rivers, silvery lakes, garrulous waterfalls, thickly wooded forests, flowers of unbelievable hues and awe inspiring mountain passes. All these combined, make the north of Pakistan, a paradise on earth. It was the morning of October 8, 2005, the fury of the nature that shook the calmness and tranquility of the serene north of Pakistan, brought anguish and woes to the lives of over 3.5 million souls. The earthquake caused massive loss of precious lives as well as livelihood to the victims, while dipping all essential facilities and infrastructure to dust and debris. The Government and people of Pakistan as well as the international community responded in an unprecedented manner to this tragic calamity. The relief activity began, right after the rescue efforts, wherein the Government and people of Pakistan, humanitarian organisations and international community participated enthusiastically to restore life in the affected areas. In a mere six months time, by March 31, 2006, the relentless efforts of the nation, and international community culminated in successful completion of relief and recovery phase that was followed by reconstruction and rehabilitation activities, which are still going on.
Establishment of ERRA
The Government of Pakistan established the Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority (ERRA) on October 24, 2005 to take up the mammoth task of rebuilding in the earthquake affected regions spread over 30,000 square kilometers of nine districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and AJ&K. The nucleus staff of ERRA comprises a hybrid of civil servants, armed forces personnel and international consultants. ERRA’s prime task is to strategize and approve projects together with the provision of funds to SERRA and PERRA to undertake the reconstruction and rehabilitation works in their respective areas. The idea behind the creation of ERRA was to bring all efforts and activities, pertaining to post disaster damage assessment, reconstruction and rehabilitation in the affected areas under one umbrella, with a view to providing a fast track and seismically safe reconstruction regimes and solutions.
Mission 
ERRA’s mission is to “Convert this Adversity into an Opportunity” by reconstructing the lost and destroyed facilities, while following highest standards of reconstruction and rehabilitation with the obligation to “Build Back Better”.
Mandate and Role 
Main role of ERRA is macro planning, developing sectoral strategies, financing, project approval and monitoring and evaluation. Additionally, it ensures the required coordination and provides facilitation to implementing partners, whereas physical implementation of the projects is the responsibility of respective governments.
Scope of Reconstruction and Rehabilitation
ERRA has intervened in 12 different sectors, 3 cross-cutting programmes, and is required to reconstruct over 13,000 projects, (at a cost of over US $ 5 billion) located over more than 30,000 esq. of nine districts of AJ&K and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Policy Planning
A comprehensive consultative process is followed, while formulating the policies. All the major donor organisations, whose funds are involved in the reconstruction programmes, are consulted before conceiving a policy. The draft policies are discussed with the representatives of both the governments i.e. Government of AJ&K and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and subsequently placed before the ERRA Board and/or ERRA Council for the final decision.
Policy Role of Provincial and State Governments
Besides policy formulation, ERRA has restricted its role to developing sectoral strategies, project approval, financing, coordinating, monitoring and evaluating the reconstruction activities in the affected areas. The implementation of the approved strategies is governed through a devolved mechanism with maximum powers resting with the Provincial/State and District governments. At the Province and State level, both the governments have created Provincial Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Agency (PERRA) and State Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Agency (SERRA), respectively. They act as Secretariats for the Provincial/State Steering Committees. These committees are headed by the respective Chief Secretaries with representation of secretaries of all the relevant line departments and a representative of the Planning Wing of ERRA. These forums have the mandate to approve the Annual Work Plans of their respective governments received by them from each of the affected districts. They have the financial powers to approve any reconstruction project costing up to Rs.250 million. The basic mandate of implementation of all reconstruction projects rests with these forums.
Role of District Governments
The Provincial and State Governments have created District Reconstruction Units (DRUs) in each of the affected districts. These DRUs act as Secretariat to the District Reconstruction Advisory Committee (DRAC), which is headed by the District Nazim in each district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Deputy Commissioner in AJ&K with representation of all the relevant line departments of the district and elected representatives. Each DRAC has the powers to approve projects up to Rs.100 million and prioritize the reconstruction activities as per their needs and requirements. They develop the Annual Work Plan and submit the same to PERRA/SERRA, as the case may be.
HOUSING Project:
Rural Housing: The earthquake 2005 caused severe damage to rural and urban housing, specifically, the rural housing where 462,546 houses were completely damaged and 101,091 were partially damaged. To bring back normalcy ERRA Pakistan adopted owner driven Rural Housing Program with assisted & inspected construction. The program being ERRA’s flagship program at the moment is near successful completion where by end of June 92% of the destroyed houses will be reconstructed as per ERRA guidelines, leaving over 700,000 trained human resource for seismically safe reconstruction.
Urban Housing: While Rs 2.9 Billion have been disbursed for reconstruction of urban housing, four totally destroyed major cities are being reconstructed i.e., Bagh, Rawalakot and Muzaffarabad (AJ&K) and Balakot (NWFP). A rehabilitation project worth Rs 100 million has been launched for Old Balakot City while master plans for four cities have been finalized. Chinese teams are on ground for survey of the sites.
Education Projects
With total 5701 educational institutions to be reconstructed, 1885 are under construction. Along with introducing alternate fast technologies for reconstruction, ERRA is encouraging reputed construction companies including FWO and NLC to bid for large packages of schools on a design-build basis in far flung and security sensitive areas. The educational institutes, specially the universities are provided with modern state-of-the-art equipment, libraries and laboratories. The standard of seismically safe educational buildings along with modern day facilities is likely to attract high enrollment and improve the standard of education in earthquake affected areas.
HEALTH
ERRA is reconstructing 306 destroyed health facilities in affected areas. The aim is to restore health infrastructure which is financially viable, easily accessible to vulnerable population with overall improvement in health status of the affected areas. The sector specifically, focuses on introducing new technology and equipment, improved service delivery, thus turning adversity into opportunity.
Basic Health Unit
District Headquarters Hospital
Rural Health Center
Tehsil Headquarters Quarter
SOCIAL PROTECTION
Social protection sector provides treatment and rehabilitation of people with disabilities due to earthquake, cash grant for landless people, while legal aid centers actively help affectees to resolve legal issues regarding eligibility criterion. Two 50 bedded Rehab Centers, Four Resource Information Centers, Six Basic Rehab Units, Women Resource Centers and Women Development Complexes are being established in 9 affected districts to provide legal, medical, special education, psychological counseling, referral services and vocational training for vulnerable women, children and the elderly.
Cross Cutting Themes
DISASTER RISK REDUCTION
Being one of the cross cutting themes Disaster Risk Reduction Program of ERRA aims at making earthquake affected communities relatively safer from future hazard events in the area by developing their skills, response and institutional capacities. The important components of the program include, district hazard indication maps, mainstream disaster risk reduction, enhancing response capacity of communities at district and union council level.
ENVIRONMENTAL SAFEGUARDS
Environment has a strong relationship with human activities and being environmentally conscious, ERRA has environmental safeguards as one of the cross cutting themes incorporated in all its strategies. ERRA Environment Sector facilitates stakeholders to plan and optimize conservation of natural resources, while working on agro forestry, water shed management, reforestation, slope stabilization and promoting environmental awareness. ERRA’s slope stabilization and environmental safeguards have protected the natural and physical infrastructure in the earthquake affected areas and have increased awareness among masses for management and removal of solid waste.
GENDER EQUALITY
Being cross cutting theme Gender Equality Program promotes principles of inclusion, equality, and sustainability in reconstruction and rehabilitation efforts to increase the likelihood that the benefits accrue equitably to women, men, boys and girls, and to vulnerable groups.
EVENTS AND ACTIVITIES - 2013
Notable Events 
Chief Minister Balochistan Dr Abdul Malik Baloch visited Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority (ERRA) Headquarters. Chief Minister was briefed on the latest, cost effective and fast track technologies for reconstruction in Balochistan earthquake affected areas. He was also briefed on ERRA's contribution in reconstruction and rehabilitation of AJ&K and KP of 2005 earthquake affected areas.. A composite strategy for Awaran was also proposed and discussed with CM Balochistan
22 Oct 2013
 ERRA assigned to undertake the post disaster recovery work in earthquake affected areas of Baluchistan 
26 Apr 2013
Lieutenant General (R) Abdul Qadir Baloch Federal Minister of States and Frontier Regions (SAFRON) met Deputy Chairman ERRA Major General Muhammad Azeem Asif at ERRA Headquarters where he was briefed on the Authority's progress
18 July 2013
 Chief Operating Officer CXB, Mr. Zhang Lida, called on Deputy Chairman ERRA Major General Muhammad Azeem Asif to discuss the progress of ongoing construction works in the earthquake affected areas 
10 July 2013
 
Vice President, Country Chief and Commercial Councilor CXB visited ERRA Headquarters where they met with Deputy Chairman ERRA Major General Muhammad Azeem Asif, to discuss ongoing Chinese projects
15 Mar 2013
Deputy Chairman ERRA Major General Muhammad Azeem Asif visited the earthquake affected districts of Bagh and Rawalakot in Azad Jammu and Kashmir where he inaugurated some completed projects and was briefed about many on-going ones
18 Apr 2013
 
During a day-long visit to Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Chairman ERRA Hamid Yar Hiraj inaugurated the Chest Diseases Hospital Bagh, Khurshid National Library Building Jalalabad and Government Boys Degree College Chikar; whereas, Deputy Chairman ERRA Major General Muhammad Azeem Asif inaugurated 8 schools and Basic Health Unit Sarli Sacha in District Neelum
12 Mar 2013
 
Chairman ERRA Hamid Yar Hiraj and Deputy Chairman ERRA Major General Muhammad Azeem Asif inaugurated Tehsil Headquarters Hospital and Government Higher Secondary School in Baffa; both of which have been reconstructed with the assistance of the People's Republic of China, through a grant
7 Feb 2013
ERRA organized a National Workshop on the Implementation of the Building Code of Pakistan for Disaster Risk Reduction at NUST Business School where Minister of State for Housing and Works, Barrister Usman Ibrahim graced the occasion as Chief Guest, endorsing recommendations for improvement presented by renowned engineers, architects, disaster and emergency management experts from the public, private and development sectors
2 July 2012
Miscellaneous
 WatSan Seminar on Rain Water Harvesting held at Murree 9 Oct 2013 
 ERRA's Linkages Team visited the Overseas Pakistani Foundation College for Boys to deliver a Disaster Preparedness and Awareness Talk followed by an interactive session during which students participated actively 26 Apr 2013 
 ERRA's Linkages Team organized a Disaster Preparedness and Awareness Talk at St. Mary's Academy, New Lalazar, for secondary school students, during which participants were apprised of the types and impacts of disasters in Pakistan as well as basic survival techniques 11 Apr 2013 
 Ms Alvina Chaudhary an ISO and Quality Management Expert from Bahria University delivered a day long training to ERRA employees on how to streamline procedures and change attitudes to achieve maximum quality in an organization like ERRA 
18 Apr 2013
 
A tea out was organized at ERRA Headquarters, to bid farewell to outgoing officers including; Mr. Ghulam Rabbani Director Procurement, Major Muneer Anwar Khan Personal Staff Officer to Chairman, Mr. Muhammad Sayyar Director Planning-III, Mr. Muhammad Saleem Shahab Deputy Director, Mr. Faisal Nadeem Audit Officer and Mr. Muhammad Khan Assistant Accounts Office
28 Feb 2013
 
In its campaign to educate students about Disaster Preparedness, ERRA's Linkages Team organized a talk and interactive session at the Islamic International Dental College of Riphah International University

</doc>
<doc id="9892385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892385" title="Albert Collier">
Albert Collier

Albert "Leeter" Collier (9 July 1909 – 22 February 1988) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League.
Playing career.
Collier was a powerful centre half-back and a vital part of 'The Machine', the 1927-1930 Collingwood teams who won four premierships in a row. This feat has not been repeated to date.
Post-playing career.
At the height of the Great Depression Collier left Collingwood to coach Cananore Football Club in Tasmania, winning the Leitch Medal in 1931.
Honours.
Collier won the Brownlow Medal in 1929. In 1996 he was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame, and was named at centre half back in Collingwood's Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="9892388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892388" title="Podd">
Podd

Podd is an educational game for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron, published by Acornsoft in 1984.
The eponymous main character teaches young users various verbs, performing an appropriate animation when a recognised word is typed in.
The object of the game is to find the 120 verbs that Podd can recognise. Since the available RAM is too small for implementing 120 different animations, several words are mapped to one animation (e.g. "walk", "hike", "stroll", etc.), and children who realise this will be able to guess more words by thinking of synonyms for the words that have already been discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="9892401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892401" title="Barbarian Rugby Club">
Barbarian Rugby Club

The Barbarian Rugby Club, more commonly known as the French Barbarians (), are an invitational rugby union team founded in 1979 and based in France. The team is based on the Barbarians and was founded by Jean-Claude Skrela after he played for and adored the Barbarians in the later days of his career. The French Barbarians play in Sky, Navy and Royal hooped jerseys, and as with the original Barbarians, players retain the socks from their "home" club strip. All of the players chosen for the side are either French or play for French clubs.
One of the most recent matches was against the Argentina national team (Los Pumas) in early 2007, as part of their preparation for the 2007 Rugby World Cup. For the game, held in Biarritz, the coaches were Jacques Delmas (Biarritz), Patrice Lagisquet (Biarritz) and were captained by Thomas Lièvremont. While in 2008 they beat Canada in Victoria. They played with Argentina at Vélez Sársfield in Buenos Aires on 20 June 2009 as part of the mid-year test series, and lost 32–18
Current squad.
Squad to face Samoa in November 2013. The coaches are:
Note: Bold denotes players that have represented the Barbarians in previous tours.

</doc>
<doc id="9892409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892409" title="Saga (2008 video game)">
Saga (2008 video game)

Saga is a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy game (MMORTS). Saga is touted as the world's first collectible online real-time strategy game. It was also named the most anticipated release of 2008 by TCGPlayer. Saga was released on March 4, 2008 after a brief Open Beta which began February 26, 2008.
Developed by Wahoo Studios and Silverlode Interactive, the game ran a closed Beta starting July 5, 2007. The title has no subscription fees, unlike most MMOs, instead being supported by the release of booster or expansion packs. It is possible to play a free version of the game, with certain features locked, at the Saga official site.
Saga launched into hobby stores around the US and Canada following GAMA 2008. SAGA has partnered with Alliance Game Distributors, GTS Distribution, Diamond Comics and ACD Distribution, with an emphasis to focus on game and card stores to sell the booster packs.
Programmer Dallan Christensen (Lead Programmer of ) was lead programmer contracted by Wahoo Studios in the development of Saga.
Plot.
Saga is set in a fantasy world where an age-old strife exists between five competing Gods. Each God heads up a faction with unique races and abilities. The factions are Magic (Dark Elves), Machines (Dwarves), Nature (Elves), War (Orcs and Ogres), Undead (Undead) and Light (Giants and Humans). Each faction is diametrically opposed to two other factions. For example, Machines hates Magic (they are naturally opposite, technology vs. mysticism), and Machines also hates Nature (machines vs. living things). Nature also despises War, for their tendency to destroy nature. Light faction are champions of order and justice, while Magic faction delve deep into the black arts, and the circle completes itself. Each faction has an ethos and a strategic quality that sets it apart, giving players a spectrum of play styles to identify with. The system is designed to create a balanced tension between the factions, giving each faction two archenemies and two neutrals to war with or form alliances with. The result is a world where endless war is inevitable.
However, the Machine (Dwarf) and Nature (Elf) factions have put aside their differences to join the Order (Machine, Nature, Light), and the remaining factions have joined the Brotherhood (War, Magic, Undead).
The Undead faction is a recent (2008) addition and not part of the original five races.
Gameplay.
Saga combines the TCG-sensibilities of , the MMO persistency of RPGs, and the kingdom management and mass battles of RTS titles such as .
Gameplay in Saga is best described in two states: kingdom management and battle.
Kingdom Management.
In keeping with the RTS genre, gameplay in Saga revolves around managing a persistent, online kingdom. Each player is given a plot of land by their faction God, which they must develop and improve. These improvements include building defensive walls and towers, researching new technology at the university, and harvesting the available resources.
Players, at the time of nation creation, choose which layout their nation will have. Then, as their resources grow (by questing or by peasant workforce) they can build buildings. Building spots are chosen by a system called "Free Build". Free build lets the user place buildings wherever they want, although there is a limit to how many of each building a player can build. Resources can be played on colored squares (brown = wood, gray = stone, gold = gold, purple = mana). There are an excess of these squares though, so one is not limited.
Additionally, players maintain a population of peasants, which rises and falls depending on the popularity of the player as a leader. Unpopular leaders can suffer riots, leading to extensive damage to structures and mass desertions by peasants. A player will gain peasants by capturing houses in quests or in PvP. At 74 happiness one's peasants will riot and at 90 one gains production bonuses. Any happiness above this is excess and should be used to tax the peasants. Normally, if your happiness is above 74 you gain 4 peasants a day.
However, after the happiness system was patched in 2008, peasant happiness is no longer displayed as a numerical value. 
Happiness is gained by winning battles (PvP or quests), bribery and by having sufficient food and housing.
Generally, having happiness in 'jubilant' is considered ideal.
Battle.
Troops.
Saga employs a booster pack system to amass troops. Each player receives an initial starter pack, as one would with a TCG, featuring a collection of various individual troops. These troops must be placed into like units to create an army. When more troops are needed, players buy "booster packs", which are a random selection of 10 troops ranging from common to rare. These troops can then be drafted into existing units, or traded off to other players. Through the trading system, players can customize their armies and trade for exactly what they are looking for. Trading takes place in the market, which also allows for resources to be traded, and troops to be bought and sold. There are also third party sites that sell individual cards. This is particularly useful if a player only wants a specific card, especially rare ones, and needs it urgently. Trading on the market can take days and is risky for new players who don't know the value of cards well.
Units grow in experience, increasing their base efficacy. Additionally, units can be further upgraded through collecting special armor and weapons. Each unit can equip one armor and one weapon. This gear is obtained through Questing against computer-controlled opponents. Armor and weapons are subdivided into numerous types. For example, dragons use wards and charms, while mechanical (sometimes called 'machine', not to be confused with Machine faction) units mostly use siege gears and plates.
Combat.
Combat in Saga is real-time, in keeping with the RTS genre, and consists of maneuvering units around the field to fight and gain an advantage over the enemy. Spells, special abilities and reinforcements add to the various strategies that can be employed to gain an advantage. Battles can be fought against computer-controlled opponents through the Quest system, or against other players in PvP battles. While quests largely take place on neutral battlefields across the world of Saga, PvP battles are city-to-city conflicts between the competing players. PvP battles can be fought between two or four players, either on teams or as a free-for-all. In PvP combat, the two (or four) players have their kingdoms stitched together so that battles take place upon their lands. Being a persistent world, damage inflicted during PvP battles in 'hardcore' mode carries over, including the pillaging and destruction of opponent’s buildings, and the death of troops. Dead troops can be resurrected in temples using God-favor, a combat-based resource. PvP battles can be fought in "scrimmage" mode, which allows for players to compete without any permanent damage being done to their kingdoms or troops; no experience or resource rewards are accumulated through "scrimmage" games. Battles fought in 'normal' mode will result in death of troops but building damage will not carry over. However, rewards are less than in 'hardcore' mode. It is common practice among friendly matches to have an agreement not to excessively damage buildings during a 'hardcore' battle. Therefore, both parties receive battle rewards as in 'hardcore' mode while damage inflicted is kept to a minimum.
SAGA Online in Europe.
On 8 October 2009 Deep Silver announced SAGA Online for Europe and set up the pre-registration for the closed beta test in December 2009. The closed beta test started on 16 March 2010 16 March 2010 and official Website of SAGA Online EU official Website of SAGA Online EU launched one week after the closed beta start.

</doc>
<doc id="9892419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892419" title="David English (editor)">
David English (editor)

Sir David English (26 May 1931 – 10 June 1998) was a British journalist and newspaper editor, best known for his twenty-year editorship of the "Daily Mail".
Early life.
English was born in Oxford, and educated at Bournemouth School,
where the sports centre is now named after him. Aged 16, he joined the local Christchurch Times and then had a brief period with the News at Portsmouth, moving to London before he was 20.
Career.
English began his newspaper career in 1951 at the "Daily Mirror" before moving to the "Daily Sketch", firstly as Features Editor and then Editor. In 1971 he took up the editorship of the "Mail", a post which he held until 1992 when he became Chairman and Editor-in-chief of Associated Newspapers. At a "Daily Mail" summer party at Hampton Court, Vere Harmsworth, 3rd Viscount Rothermere described English in a speech as the creator of the modern "Daily Mail" - much to the discomfort of English's successor, Paul Dacre, who was sitting beside him. This fact was reported in "The Times" obituary of Sir David English. He was appointed a life peer in June 1998 but died before taking his seat in the House of Lords.
Personal life.
English married Irene Mainwood in 1954, and they had three children. He died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9892459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892459" title="Tony Hayward">
Tony Hayward

Anthony Bryan "Tony" Hayward (born 21 May 1957) is a British businessman, the former chief executive of oil and energy company BP. He replaced John Browne, Baron Browne of Madingley, on 1 May 2007. His tenure ended on 1 October 2010 following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. He was replaced by Bob Dudley. He is named Chairman of Glencore Xstrata in May 2014. 
Education and early career.
Tony Hayward was born in Slough, Berkshire, in 1957; the eldest of seven children. Later on, his family moved to nearby Windsor. After attending the local state grammar school, he went on to gain a first class geology degree from Aston University followed by a PhD from the University of Edinburgh School of Geosciences. Joining BP in 1982, with his first job as a rig geologist in Aberdeen, he quickly rose through the ranks in a series of technical and commercial roles in BP Exploration in London, Aberdeen, France, China and Glasgow. Hayward first came to Lord Browne's attention during a 1990 leadership conference in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, he was made Browne's executive assistant.
In 1992, Hayward moved to Colombia as exploration manager and became president of BP's operations in Venezuela in 1995. In August 1997, he returned to London as a director of BP Exploration. He became group vice-president of BP Amoco Exploration and Production as well as a member of the BP group's Upstream executive committee in 1999.
Hayward was appointed BP group treasurer in September 2000 where his responsibilities included global treasury operations, foreign exchange dealing, corporate finance, project finance and mergers and acquisitions. Hayward became an executive vice-president in April 2002, and chief executive of exploration and production in January 2003.
Replacement of Lord Browne.
In light of safety and resultant production issues in Alaska and the report on the explosion at the Texas City refinery, Peter Sutherland, BP's non-executive chairman, accelerated the process for replacing Lord Browne, bringing the timetable forward from end-2008 (when Browne would be 60, and nominally forced to retire under BP's rules) to July 2007. Hayward, having been termed CEO designate by both internal and media commentators, came to the fore amid the competition, including Robert Dudley, chief executive of TNK-BP, the company's Russian joint venture, and John Manzoni, head of refining and marketing.
On 18 December 2006, in the run-up to replace Lord Browne as chief executive of BP Group, the "Financial Times" reported that Hayward had criticised BP's management at an internal management meeting, in the wake of a blast at the firm's Texas City refinery that killed 15 people and injured more than 170 others. Hayward made the comments at a town hall meeting in Houston: "We have a leadership style that is too directive and doesn't listen sufficiently well. The top of the organisation doesn't listen sufficiently to what the bottom is saying."
On 12 January 2007 it was announced that Hayward would replace Lord Browne as BP chief executive. In preparation for Hayward's take up as Group CEO, on 2 February Andy Inglis was appointed managing director of the BP Group, and succeeds Hayward as chief executive of BP's Exploration & Production (E&P) business.
Hayward was appointed to the chief executive position with immediate effect on 1 May 2007, after Lord Browne resigned following the lifting of a legal injunction preventing Associated Newspapers from publishing details about his private life.
BP was paying Hayward an annual salary of £1,045,000; his 2008 bonus was £1,496,000 and in 2009 his bonus was £2,090,000.
Negotiations with Russia's Igor Sechin.
In 2008, Tony Hayward had private meetings with Igor Sechin, a close ally of Putin and a top figure of Russian military and security services, currently serving as a CEO of largest Russian oil company Rosneft. The two negotiated on BP's deals with Russia.
Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
On 20 April 2010, an explosion occurred on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig, operated by BP. Eleven people were killed in the blast and oil began to leak from the ocean floor at a rate variously estimated to be between and per day. Hayward, and BP in general, initially downplayed the spill, stating on 17 May 2010 that the environmental impact of the Gulf spill would likely be "very very modest" and calling the spill "relatively tiny" in comparison with the size of the ocean. By 27 May, Hayward changed his assessment, calling the spill an "environmental catastrophe" in an interview with CNN.
On 12 May 2009, in a postgraduate lecture to Stanford Business School, Hayward analysed the role and organisation of the company for which he acted as chief executive officer. During the lecture he stated to the business students that "...our primary purpose in life is to create value for our shareholders. In order to do that you have to take care of the world." Subsequent statements that focused only on the individual corporate remit have also been quoted outside the context of the full lecture.
Hayward stated that his job might be at risk as a result of the spill, saying "we made a few little mistakes early on." He received criticism for various statements he has made during the spill, including telling a camera man to "get out of there" during a photo-op on the shores of Louisiana. On 30 May, he told a reporter "we're sorry for the massive disruption it's caused to their lives. There's no one who wants this thing over more than I do, I'd like my life back." He was widely condemned for his comment which was perceived as selfish, and United States Representative Charlie Melancon (D-La.) called on Hayward to resign in the wake of this comment. He later apologised for the comment on BP America's Facebook Page.
On 31 May, Hayward disputed claims of huge underwater plumes of oil suspended in the Gulf, as had been reported by scientists from three universities. Hayward said there was "no evidence" that plumes of oil were suspended under the sea, and that because it is lighter than water any plumes seen are just in the process of rising to the surface. A chemist from Louisiana State University agreed with this assessment. Still other scientists have suggested that the manner of expulsion of the oil from the well and the use of dispersants may have led to an emulsion situation in which the oil is suspended in water for some time.
On 5 June the "Daily Telegraph" reported that Hayward sold approximately one third of his shares in BP a month before the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded. The shares subsequently fell in value by 30%, although the "Telegraph" stated: "There is no suggestion that he acted improperly or had prior knowledge that the company was to face the biggest setback in its history."
In an interview on NBC on 8 June, US President Barack Obama said that Hayward "wouldn't be working for me after any of those statements", referring to the remarks Hayward made following the spill. The Obama administration had been public in their criticism of BP for the oil spill.
Before a congressional hearing on the oil spill held on 17 June, subcommittee chairman Bart Stupak of Michigan said that he expected Hayward to be "spliced and diced" by both himself and other committee members. Hayward's eleven-page document that he read to the committee included a passage in which he said he would "pledge as leader of BP that we will not stop until we stop this well ... and address economic claims in a responsible manner". He continued, "This is a complex accident, caused by an unprecedented combination of failures. A number of companies are involved, including BP, and it is simply too early to understand the cause."
On 18 June, the day after Hayward appeared before the congressional hearing, the chairman of BP said that Hayward would step away from daily involvement in the company's efforts in the Gulf. On 19 June, the day before Father's Day, Hayward was in Cowes – having taken a "day off" – to see "Bob", his co-owned boat, participate in the JP Morgan Asset Management Round the Island yacht race off the Isle of Wight. Rahm Emanuel, President Obama's chief of staff, said that Hayward had committed yet another in a "long line of PR gaffes" by attending the race while the Gulf oil spill continued. Obama was also criticised for playing four hours of golf at the same time as the yacht race.
In June, BP put Mississippi native Bob Dudley in charge of handling the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. Dudley was appointed president and chief executive of the newly created Gulf Coast Restoration Organization, reporting to Hayward.
Departure from BP.
Following the oil spill, there were rumours that Hayward would resign, but the company dismissed these. A BBC report said that a BP press release stated that Hayward "has the full confidence of the board of directors of BP."
BP announced on 27 July 2010 that Hayward would be replaced by Bob Dudley as the company's chief executive effective as of 1 October 2010.
CompactGTL.
In March 2013, Hayward was appointed chairman at UK-based gas-to-liquids company CompactGTL.
Ongoing protests and controversy.
Hayward's involvement in Deepwater Horizon has left him a highly controversial public figure. In May 2013 he was honoured as a "distinguished leader" by the University of Birmingham, but his award ceremony was stopped on multiple occasions by jeers and walk-outs.
In July 2013 his award of an honorary degree from Robert Gordon University was described as "a very serious error of judgement" by Friends of the Earth Scotland and "a sick joke" by the Student President.
Other positions.
Hayward was a member of the Citibank advisory board, from 2000 to 2003. Hayward is presently senior independent non-executive director of Corus Group, appointed in April 2002, and a non-executive director of Tata Steel. Hayward is a committee member of Audit, Nominations and Health, Safety and Environment. Hayward was appointed a Companion of the Chartered Management Institute in September 2005.
As of 22 July 2011, it is reported that Hayward has been hired by Glencore International to oversee environment and safety.
On 8 September 2011, Hayward's venture firm, Vallares, merged with the Turkish oil firm Genel Energy to create a $4.5 billion company with operations in northern Iraq.
Personal life.
Hayward lives in Sevenoaks, Kent. His wife of 27 years, Maureen Fulton, divorced Hayward in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9892473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892473" title="Cooper Brannan">
Cooper Brannan

Nels Cooper Brannan (born November 7, 1984 in Houston, Texas) is a former US Marine who briefly played minor league baseball for the San Diego Padres. Brannan, who as a Corporal in the United States Marines lost his pinky finger on his left hand (his non pitching hand) while serving in Iraq.
Early life.
Brannan was raised in Gilbert, Arizona where he graduated in May 2003 from Highland High School. While in high school Brannon was a three-year letterman for football and baseball.
Military career.
Brannon graduated boot camp in October 2003 as the platoon honor-man. In December of that same year he completed School of Infantry and his first duty station was Twentynine Palms, California in January 2004. He was deployed to Hitt, Iraq in February 2004 as an infantry team leader. He returned home in October 2004 and was redeployed to Fallujah, Iraq in September 2005.
In November 2005 Brannon was injured by a flash bang grenade he sustained multiple injuries to left hand resulting in amputation of left little finger and medial hand. He was medically evacuated to Naval Medical Center San Diego (Balboa Hospital) for three follow-up surgeries and rehabilitative therapy. He has since participated with All Marine Corps Baseball Team and USA Military All Star Baseball Team while assigned to MCRD San Diego.
Baseball career.
Brannan signed with the San Diego Padres in February 2007. He pitched in 20 games for the Rookie-level Arizona League Padres in 2007, finishing with a 9.69 ERA and a 1-3 record, and the Class-A Eugene Emeralds in 2008. He pitched for the American Defenders of New Hampshire of the independent Can-Am League in 2009.
Personal life.
He was married on January 20, 2006 to Lindsay Marie Wagener.

</doc>
<doc id="9892478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892478" title="Chernogorovo">
Chernogorovo

Chernogorovo () is a large village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. the population is 2,338. The village is located on the left bank of the Luda Yana river in a rich agricultural region. There are two petrol stations.

</doc>
<doc id="9892501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892501" title="Tip-Top Restaurant">
Tip-Top Restaurant

Tip-Top "(often referred to as 'Pollo Tip-Top')" is a national chain of restaurants in Nicaragua, predominantly selling chicken. It is headquartered in the country's capital city of Managua and is a franchise of Tip Top Industry.
History.
Claudio Rosales and Lina Lacayo de Rosales started the business, in Nicaragua, in 1959 with the sale of processed crude chicken, a market of which dominated 70% a long time. The first restaurant was opened in 1958 in the center of old Managua
Expansion.
Pollo Tip Top began its expansion in 2004 due to the creation of its tax exemption. The firsts were bought in the cities of Estelí and Chinandega, in Nicaragua, but their goal for 2005 was to arrive at Honduras, Panama, Costa Rica, and El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="9892503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892503" title="Peter Boddington">
Peter Boddington

Peter Boddington (born 1 October 1942) was the British amateur heavyweight boxing champion and subsequently a professional boxer. Boddington was member of his local boxing club, Rootes ABC. He went to Whitley Abbey Comprehensive School in Whitley, Coventry.
Boxing career.
Amateur.
Boddington became the British amateur heavyweight boxing champion winning his title in the 80th Amateur Boxing Association Championships at the Wembley Arena, Wembley, London on 5 May 1967. 
Boddington won a silver medal in the 20th European Amateur Boxing Championships in Rome (25 May - 2 June 1967) having a weight 91 kg.
Professional.
Boddington turned professional in September 1967, running his record up to 12-0 with 11 KOs by March 1969. He then started the tail end of his career, losing 4 of his last 10 bouts - a points and TKO loss to Bunny Johnson, a KO by Paul Cassidy, and a TKO by Mike Schutte to close Boddington's career in his only fight outside the UK, which took place in Johannesburg, South Africa on 2 September 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9892519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892519" title="Jeff Hogg">
Jeff Hogg

Jeff Hogg is a former Australian rules football player who played for Richmond and Fitzroy Football Clubs in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and the Australian Football League (AFL) between 1986 and 1996.
Nicknamed "Hedge", Hogg played with Richmond's junior teams, and was the Leading Goalkicker for Richmond's Under 19s premiership side in 1985. He made his senior VFL debut in 1986, and played at full forward, winning Richmond's Leading Goalkicker award in 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992 and 1993 and which included a 10-goal haul against Collingwood Football Club in 1991.
Hogg was traded to Fitzroy at the end of 1993 but due to ongoing injury problems, he was limited to 40 games in his three seasons at Fitzroy.

</doc>
<doc id="9892529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892529" title="Lueta">
Lueta

Lueta (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania, and is composed of two villages:
History.
The name of the commune was first recorded in 1332 when its priest was mentioned as "sacerdos
de "Lueche"". In 1567, it was mentioned as "Leöwete". The name derives from the ancient form of the Hungarian name Levente worn by several members of the Árpád dynasty.
The villages belonged to Udvarhelyszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Odorhei County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 3,383; of which 99.76% or 3,375 are Hungarian.
Twinning.
The villages are twinned with: 

</doc>
<doc id="9892535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892535" title="BRM New Demos">
BRM New Demos

BRM New Demos contains 13 previously unreleased Billie Ray Martin songs, recorded in NYC. While 9 of the songs are back to Martin's electronic roots and are mostly moody electronic story telling with the first demo of forthcoming single "Twisted Lover" thrown in for good measure, tracks 10-13 are song demos from the Martin/Tiven sessions. 

</doc>
<doc id="9892566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892566" title="Minister of State for Foreign Affairs">
Minister of State for Foreign Affairs

Minister of State for Foreign Affairs is a junior ministerial position in the British government.
Ministers of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs 1968-.
"incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="9892584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892584" title="Paul B">
Paul B

Label.
Step2Zero Recording Moscow, Russia
The Story of Moscow based STEP2ZERO RECORDINGS began in 2003 with its first release (U & Me / Massacre) from a label owner Paul B. It set a new era in Russian drum´n´bass scene as the only Russian dnb label releasing 12-inches worldwide. The idea behind STEP2ZERO was to bring the new quality sound from Russia and all around the world to everyone who is open-minded and focused on the future. Paul B unites sharp, experienced artists like Chris. Su, Nothing, Purple Unit, Subwave, Dissident, Overturn and many others in their effors to re-open what the dnb scene is all about. STEP2ZERO talks little but says much.
Paul B (artist).
Having his first track written in 1997 Pavel Burakov (Paul B) left his fingerprints on many local dnb-hits. He was the one who initiated Moscow´s well-known project, The Sounds of Infinity where he was responsible for scoring and mixing the tunes consequently combined in an album. Then, united with Alexey Sta in 2001, one of the first in Russia has climbed up the world dnb-arena.
The Duo worked purposely on original sounding to reach that goal. Thanks to Alex's experiements with synthesizers and experience of Paul B (time to mention, that Paul took piano lessons in the childhood), guy's have drawn attention of English producer and DJ Trace. In some 3 months he signs them to his label DSCI4. That became the pure breakthrough for whole Russian dnb-scene.
Their first release "The Lick" and "Gladiators" instantly gets to the leaders of the UK sales-charts. These and their other tracks occupy the places of honour in bags of top drum and bass DJs. Andy C, Grooverider, Bad Company, Kemal, SS, Stakka & Skynet, J Majik, Optical, Marky and others spun duplates of Sta & Paul B on radio shows and parties.
The main aspiration has been reached. Paul B continues his growth as a DJ, having started to release his studio mixes in the Web (under a label of "Nuborn Mixes") with the freshest material of well-known and yet climbing artist. One of the first in Russia Paul has started to go for the tours and trips across whole Europe and rest of the world: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Germany, Israel, Italy, Latvia, Macedonia, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland, Ukraine.
Besides his solo works Paul doesn't forget to cooperate with other Russian musicians (headliners of the local scene: Subwave, Dissident, Nothing and Electrosoul System). He had enough time to release under a number of imprints (including Renegade Hardware, Sonix, Human Imprint and many more) before launching his own one named STEP2ZERO recordings which keeps him busy at this time.

</doc>
<doc id="9892629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892629" title="Paulsboro High School">
Paulsboro High School

Paulsboro High School is a comprehensive community six-year public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Paulsboro, in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Paulsboro Public Schools. 
Students in grades 9-12 from Greenwich Township attend Paulsboro High School as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Greenwich Township School District.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 557 students and 57.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.77:1. There were 239 students (42.9% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 41 (7.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 278th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 265th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 277th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 264th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:
Athletics.
Paulsboro High School is a member school in the Colonial Conference, which is composed of small schools whose enrollments generally do not exceed between 750-800 students for grades 9-12, and operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
Wrestling dynasty.
1,000 wins.
On February 2, 2011, Paulsboro became just the third high school in history to accumulate 1,000 wins. It joined Granite City High School (Granite City, Illinois) and Vacaville High School (Vacaville, California) in the 1,000-win club. Head coach Paul Morina, who is still the coach as of the 2010–11 season, has coached over 500 of those wins.
37-year conference unbeaten streak.
Paulsboro High School's wrestling team had a streak of 307 consecutive victories against Colonial Conference opponents. The streak started in 1971 when Haddon Township High School had handed them their last conference loss. It would be nearly four decades until Collingswood High School was responsible for halting the streak on January 16, 2008, with a 28–22 decision over the Red Raiders. Paulsboro had won 25 consecutive state championships in Group I until 2008 when they lost early in the state tournament. According to the National Federation of State High School Associations, that streak was the longest in the entire nation at the time, and only three other teams have won more state championships overall than Paulsboro.
'The Streak'.
Paulsboro High School owns the New Jersey state record for consecutive football victories with 63 running from 1992 and until September 26, 1998, when they finally lost to longtime rival Woodbury High School by a score of 14-13. The 63 consecutive wins is still the state record, surpassing the next closest streak in South Jersey by 20 games, and besting the previous state record holder by nine.
Controversy.
Principal Lucia Pollino was suspended after an incident in which three students were allegedly strip searched while on a senior trip to Walt Disney World in April 2007. A lawsuit has been filed by an attorney representing one of the students asking for $250,000 in damages related to the incident. Pollino sued the board claiming she was a victim of gender discrimination. She denied authorizing a strip search and said two male teachers who carried out the search were not disciplined. School Superintendent Frank Scambia said Pollino would be reassigned to become director of assessments, receiving the same salary she did as principal.
Popular culture.
A special premiere of the 2004 Kevin Smith film "Jersey Girl" was held at the school, which had been the location of several scenes in the film. A street leading out of the school was named Kevin Smith Way.

</doc>
<doc id="9892634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892634" title="Yaarana (1981 film)">
Yaarana (1981 film)

"Yaarana" is a 1981 Indian musical drama film directed by Rakesh Kumar and starring Amitabh Bachchan, Amjad Khan, Neetu Singh, Tanuja and Kader Khan. This was one of the films where Amjad Khan plays a positive role. Nearly all of his other films with Amitabh Bachchan have been where he plays a villain role. This movie became a "hit" at the box office. One of the plus points of the film was its music by Rajesh Roshan and lyrics by Anjaan. At least three songs "Chhookar Mere Mann Ko", "Tere Jaisa Yaar Kahan", "Saara Zamana Haseeno Ka Deewana" were superhit songs and still liked. "Saara Zamana Haseeno Ka Deewana" is particularly noteworthy because of Amitabh Bachchan's dance with clothes fitted with electric bulbs which he himself operated from under his clothing maintaining synchronization while dancing.
Plot.
Kishan and Bishan are childhood friends. Kishan is an orphan but who is self-sufficient and hard-working, while Bishan comes from an affluent background. The friendship between the two is extremely strong and is the bane of Bishan's uncle who has his eyes on his widowed sister's wealth. In a bid to separate the two friends the uncle manipulates his sister into sending Bishan away to the city and then abroad for further education.
When the two friends re-unite years later, Bishan (Amjad Khan) discovers that Kishan (Amitabh Bachchan) has a great voice. Bishan is now a successful businessman and he wants to promote Kishan's singing talent. Kishan goes to the city with his friend, where Bishan asks Komal (Neetu Singh) to groom him to be a performer and a gentleman. Kishan tries to get expelled from the process by being uncooperative and disruptive. In the meantime, Bishan discovers that the family wealth has been systematically looted over the last 18 years by the uncle and his son. He is forced to borrow by mortgaging his remaining assets in order to ensure that Kishan becomes a successful singer. This causes a major rift between Bishan and his wife who is convinced that Kishan will turn his back on his friend if he were to ever succeed. Kishan's debut concert is a huge success & he goes on to donate the proceeds of his earning & consequent record deals to rid his friend Bishan of his many mortgages & in order to help woo his estranged sister & lovable nephew (Bishan's 10 year old son) in law back into the house.
Kishan proceeds to becomes a star and Komal (Neetu Singh) - his trainer professes her love for him. Bishan in the meanwhile falls into a conspiracy further set by his treacherous uncle (Jeevan) & cousin (Ranjeet). He is kidnapped alongside several hostages - primarily children on his shipping vessle, brainwashed & tortured & forced to sign a confession that all the misdeeds have been done by him. Bishan loses his mental stability & goes into shock
He is then thrown into an asylum after he loses his mind & suffers from Amnesia. Kishan pretends to be mad & admits himself in the asylum by tricking the authorities & saves his friend by reviving his memory successfully by feeding him rotis as he used to when they were children.
The climax follows the typical action confrontation formula reminiscent of films in that era where there are big explosions & the heroes single handedly take on hoardes of goons. The movie ends with the children - hostages being saved, the family uniting & the treacherous mastermind (Ranjeet) being sent to jail.
Amitabh Bachchan was at his peak in this film. His comic timing was excellent and his acting flawless. He truly does carry this film entirely with his bravura performance & Amjad Khan was praised for his portrayal of a doting friend. The film is still appealing thirty odd years later, primarily due to Amitabh Bachchan and the late Amjad Khan. This movie also marks a breakthrough in the musical career of Rajesh Roshan.

</doc>
<doc id="9892663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892663" title="Gita Persada Butterfly Park">
Gita Persada Butterfly Park

Gita Persada Butterfly Park was founded in 1997 to counter the extinction of Sumatran butterflies due to deforestation and damage to their natural habitat. The founders of the park, Anshori Djausal and Herawati Soekardi, hope that this park can be a model for butterflies conservation. The park located at the southern tip of Sumatra at the foot of Mount Betung about fifteen minutes from Bandar Lampung. The park currently contains over 100 species of Sumatran butterflies.

</doc>
<doc id="9892669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892669" title="Ricardo López Aranda">
Ricardo López Aranda

Ricardo López Aranda (December 23, 1934 – November 25, 1996) was a Spanish playwright.
Ricardo López Aranda was a prolific writer. He wrote over 60 plays, most of which were very successful. Half of his written plays were staged. Aranda's writing talents were not limited to the theater. He authored several television scripts and screenplays. His screenplay for the film "Close to the Stars", which was based on his play, won more than a dozen awards at various film festivals. He also wrote poetry, and published over 30 books of poetry. It is absurd that a such a versatile and prolific writer did not earn fame during his lifetime. But the reason for this was the writer's own desire for anonymity. He did not have a wish to publish his works, although he did allow for his plays to be performed.

</doc>
<doc id="9892674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892674" title="Myriam Marbe">
Myriam Marbe

Myriam Marbe (April 9, 1931 in Bucharest – December 25, 1997 in Bucharest) was a Romanian composer and pianist.
Marbe received her first piano lessons from her mother, who was a pianist. She studied at the Bucharest Conservatory from 1944 to 1954, where she took classes in piano with Florica Musicescu and Silvia Capăţână, as well as in composition with Leon Klepper and Mihail Jora. From 1953 to 1965, she was a film director at the "Casa de filme" in Bucharest. She taught counterpoint and composition at the Bucharest Conservatory from 1954 to 1988, where her refusal to join the Romanian Communist Party prevented her from reaching the rank of Professor.
Between 1968 and 1972, she managed to obtain permission from Romanian authorities to travel to the West and participate in the Darmstadt New Music Summer School in West Germany, and in 1971, at the Royan Festival for Contemporary Music in France. After the collapse of Communism in Eastern Europe, she was awarded a working grant from the German city of Mannheim for the year 1989-90.
Besides being a composer, Marbe worked as a journalist and musicologist. She coauthored a monograph on George Enescu and also wrote critical essays and analyses on musical style.
The composer's heritage is located at the Sophie Drinker Institut (Bremen/Germany) and most of the scores are available at the Institut's internet-site [http://www.sophie-drinker-institut.de/cms/index.php?page=partituren.

</doc>
<doc id="9892691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892691" title="Kaamatan">
Kaamatan

The Kaamatan festival is an annual event in the cultural life of the Kadazandusuns of Sabah since time immemorial. In its deepest sense, Kaamatan festival is a manifestation of Creator and Creation relationship, as well as Inter-Creations relationship. It embodies the principal acts of invocation of divinities, appeasing, purification and restoration, re-union of benevolent spirits, and thanksgiving to the Source of All. It is part of a complex wholesome Momolian religious system centered on the paddy rites of passage and the life cycle of Bambarayon - the in-dwelling spirit of paddy.
Appeasing is done in respect of Bambarayon, Deities, Divinities and Spirits, who may have been hurt by human wrongful, acts. Purification is performed in respect of human and spiritual needs for forgiveness followed by resolutions to make themselves worthy of the gifts of life from God. Restoration in necessary to ensure the health and well being of sunduans, mankind and other spiritual beings. Re-union is realised in respect of human needs to be integrated in body, mind and spirit within the concept of the seven-in-one divinity in humanity, as well as re-union of Bambarayon with human Sunduan. Finally Thanksgiving is observed as befitting for all creations to express their gratitude and appreciation for the gifts of life (through Huminodun) and all life supportive system on earth that their Creator lovingly and generously gave them.
Etymology.
The word Kaamatan is derived from the root word tomot, a Kadazandusun term for harvest. In the context of this article, Kaamatan refers to the paddy-harvesting period, which involves a series of traditional rituals culminating finally to the Kaamatan (harvest) festival. Tadau kaamatan is a celebration for the people who celebrate tadau kaamatan.
Rituals.
The festival is observed in 6 rituals stages:
The Kumogos Ceremony
Before a harvest begins, a Bobohizan/Bobolian (ritual specialist) will select and tie-up 7 stalks of the best rice from a plot of rice field. These stakes of rice will only be harvested after the particular plot of field has been completely harvested. The 7 stalks of rice will then be scattered all over the rice field. This gesture is to inform the other spirits who may be present among the rice field not to make any disturbance when the harvesting work is to commenced and each of them will be given something after the harvest.
The Kumotob Ceremony
From the area which has not yet been harvested to the Bobohizan/Bobolian will select 7 stalks of the best rice. The selected stalks are then tied up together and placed in a "tadang" (a type of basket for keeping rice). The rest of the rice in the field are then harvested and the rice are turned into seed for future planting season.
The Posisip Ceremony
The Bobohizan/Bobolian goes to a rice hut together with the 7 stalks of rice which is tied up and placed in the tadang. While reciting chants she takes out the bundle of rice stalks and insert them in a bamboo pole kept in the tangkob. The recital of the chants is to call the spirit of the rice to stay in the rice hut until the next planting season, i.e. when the rice spirits are called to the rice field again.
The Poihib Ceremony
In the rice hut the Bobohizan/Bobolian carefully pours the rice into the "tangkob". This process is repeated for a number of times until all the rice has poured into the tangkob. The Bobohizan/Bobolian then recite chants appealing to the rice spirits to keep watch over the rice stored in the tangkob.
The Magavau Ceremony
This is the most important ceremony in the sequence of events of the harvest festival. This focuses in the restoration of Bambarayon as well as offering food to Bambarayon. In the olden days, the Magavau ritual is performed in the padi field on the night of the first full moon after the harvest. Nowadays, this ritual is carried out in the house of the owner of the field.
The Humabot Ceremony
This is the final stage of the observation of the harvest festival and is in the form of merry-making and entertainment. This ceremony is now celebrated at village, district and state levels annually (30 - 31 May). A variety of entertainment and activities in the form of dances and traditional sports are held and the climax of the event is the selection of the Unduk Ngadau (Harvest Festival Queen). The Unduk Ngadau symbolizes Huminodun, the sacrificed daughter of Kinorohingan.
The rituals described above are typical of the Kadazan-Dusun of the Penampang-Papar area. Other dusunic groups, the murutic groups of the interior and the paitanic groups in the east have different rice harvest rituals. For example, the Lotud Dusun have a series of eight ceremonies - Mansalud, Monuras, Tumakau, Matang, Mongoi Rumali, Mogimpuun, Sumondod and Monumbui. The essence of this ceremony however is the same, that is of thanksgiving for a plentiful harvest.
Celebration.
With the decline in practice of this animistic religion and the rise of monotheistic religions such as Christianity and Islam among the Kadazan and Dusun people in Sabah, much of the ritualistic aspects of Kaamatan are being left out of the celebration although in some places they may still be practiced. Kaamatan is celebrated around the final week of May every year peaking on the 30th and 31st which is a public holiday in Sabah. Kaamatan is often accompanied with "Sugandoi", a singing/karaoke contest, "Unduk Ngadau", a beauty pageant, and drinking alcohol. 

</doc>
<doc id="9892709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892709" title="Devil's torture chamber">
Devil's torture chamber

__NOTOC__
The Devil's Torture Chamber is a magic stage illusion of the classic type involving a female magician's assistant in a large box and is probably best categorised as a penetration or restoration-type illusion.
Description.
The magician presents an upright cabinet that is just big enough to hold a person with a little space above their head. The magician then presents a rack of metal spikes. Spectators are offered the chance to tap the spikes with a metal implement to prove they are real and solid. The spikes are fitted into the top of the cabinet pointing downwards. An assistant is introduced and steps into the cabinet. The door is closed and the spikes are forced downwards using handles that protrude through slots in the side of the cabinet. The implication is that the assistant must have been impaled by the spikes. However the door is opened to reveal the assistant alive and unharmed. 
There are several slight variations. Sometimes the assistant carries a string of inflated balloons when he or she steps into the cabinet. These are burst as the spikes descend to give an added audible dimension to the illusion. Another description has a small door opened to show the assistant alive when the spikes are at the bottom of the cabinet; the small door is then closed again and the spikes lifted to the top before the assistant is finally fully revealed.
French magician Don José de Murcia performs a version of this illusion under the title "La Herse Infernal".
History.
The illusion is thought to be the creation of Floyd Thayer, founder of the Thayer Magic Company. Blueprints for it appeared in the Thayer catalog #7 supplement, which dates it to the early 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="9892724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892724" title="Impur (album)">
Impur (album)

Impur is an album by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It was composed in 1996 by Frith "for 100 musicians, large building and mobile audience" and was performed on 30 May 1996 by students and teachers from L’Ecole Nationale de Musique, Villeurbanne, France. Frith directed the performance but did perform himself.
"Impur" is the first of two performances commissioned by L’Ecole Nationale de Musique while Frith was resident music professor at the institution. The second was "Impur II" (2009).
Background.
Between 1994 and 1996, Frith was Composer-in-Residence at L’Ecole Nationale de Musique in Villeurbanne, France. At the end of the two year residency, Frith organised a musical event at the school involving as many students as possible. He grouped them according to their music disciplines and placed them in all the rooms of a music building. Each group of musicians then played music Frith had prepared for them or, when required, improvised. Using synchronized stopwatches, all the groups, who could not hear each other, played strictly according to a 55-minute time-score that Frith had written. During the concert the public was invited to wander from room to room, or sit in the courtyard and listen to the sounds from the open windows. The whole performance was recorded on four ADAT recorders and later mixed.
Downtown Music Gallery wrote of this album: 

</doc>
<doc id="9892728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892728" title="Independent forest monitoring">
Independent forest monitoring

Independent forest monitoring (IFM) is a tool for assessing and strengthening legal compliance in the forest sector internationally. By complementing official forest law enforcement activities with the objectivity and public credibility of an independent third party, IFM can improve transparency in the short term while contributing to the development of a sound legislative and regulatory framework for responsible forest management.
Transparency was emphasized as a key element in reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD) by the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) at the Conference of the Parties (COP-15) in Copenhagen in December 2009 in its decisions on methodological guidance for forest monitoring systems.
Principles.
IFM has been defined by Global Witness as “the use of an independent third party that, by agreement with state authorities, provides an assessment of legal compliance, and observation of and guidance on official forest law enforcement systems.”
IFM centres around the establishment of a partnership between an official ‘host institution’ responsible for oversight of the forest sector and an appointed monitoring organisation. The monitor’s principal activity is to conduct field investigations to observe the work of the official law enforcement agency and to document illegal activity in the forest and related trade. These investigations result in the publication of authoritative information on forest operations, which is made widely available to all levels of government, industry, and civil society.
By monitoring official forest law enforcement, IFM enables mechanisms of illegal activity and corruption to be identified. Monitors expect their evidence to be acted on and will pro-actively guard against entrenched resistance to improved governance.
Use.
IFM has been undertaken in Cambodia, Cameroon, Republic of Congo, Honduras, and Nicaragua, and piloted in many other countries.
IFM has also been called Independent Monitoring, Independent Observation, and Third Party Observation.

</doc>
<doc id="9892749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892749" title="Angus Mackay (historian)">
Angus Mackay (historian)

Angus Mackay, born in Lima, Peru in 1939, is a Scottish historian and Hispanist, specialising in Later Medieval Spain.
Having spent four years as a lecturer in history at the University of Reading, most of his career has been at University of Edinburgh, where he became a Doctor of Philosophy in 1970. He became Professor of Medieval History there in 1986, taking over the Chair from his mentor, Denys Hay.
He is considered, together with Raymond Carr and John Elliott, a major figure in developing Spanish historiography.

</doc>
<doc id="9892751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892751" title="Tinker Dam">
Tinker Dam

The Tinker Dam is a hydroelectric dam built on the Aroostook River in the Canadian province of New Brunswick and operated jointly by WPS Energy and NB Power. Its power house has a capacity of 34 megawatts.
The dam and power house are collectively known as the Tinker Generating Station. The dam is located in Aroostook Junction, New Brunswick, immediately downstream of Fort Fairfield, Maine, and less than 1 km east of the Canada–United States border. The reservoir floods the Aroostook River valley into a portion of northeastern Maine. The dam was built in 1923 and the power house contains 5 hydroelectric units (1-5) which were placed in service between 1923-1965.
The Tinker Generating Station benefits from flow regulation upstream in Maine on Millinocket Lake and on the Aroostook River in Squa Pan. There are also control facilities and a power house canal located on the Maine side of the border.
The Tinker Generating Station was constructed as a joint project of the New Brunswick Electric Power Commission and the Maine Public Service. In 1999, the Maine Public Service sold its share of the plant to WPS Power Development, LLC of De Pere, Wisconsin. WPS Power Development operates in Canada under its subsidiary WPS Canada Generation, Inc.
The dam spans the river between Andover Parish on the south side, and Grand Falls Parish on the north side, both in Victoria County.

</doc>
<doc id="9892773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892773" title="Once Upon a Time in Triad Society">
Once Upon a Time in Triad Society

Once Upon a Time in Triad Society (旺角揸Fit人 / Wong Kok cha 'fit' yan) is a 1996 spin-off film of the "Young and Dangerous" film series. This first spin-off movie focuses on Ugly Kwan, played by Francis Ng.

</doc>
<doc id="9892787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892787" title="Recycled Garbage">
Recycled Garbage

Billie Ray Martin's 2002 release consists of twelve remixes, some previously unreleased, of four tracks that appeared in their original form on her 2001 album "18 Carat Garbage". Featured remixers include Junior Vasquez, Matthias Heilbronn and Oliver Moldan.

</doc>
<doc id="9892819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892819" title="Annie Cartwright">
Annie Cartwright

WPC/DC Annie Cartwright is a fictional character in BBC One's science fiction/police procedural drama, "Life on Mars". The character is portrayed by Liz White. In the American version the character's surname is changed to 'Norris' and she is portrayed by Gretchen Mol.
Character history.
During the first series of "Life on Mars", the character was a Woman Police Constable serving in uniform. Early in the second series, DCI Gene Hunt allows her to join CID as Woman Detective Constable. Throughout both series, Cartwright helps the programme's protagonist, Sam Tyler adjust to life in the 1970s. A degree of attraction is displayed between the two characters, lending a distinct sexual tension. Cartwright is the only person in 1973 who Sam tells that he has travelled back in time, and she treats him sympathetically, believing that he is suffering from severe concussion after being hit by a car. During the of series one, when Sam climbs onto the police station roof, considering suicide, Cartwright convinces him not to jump.
Upon Sam first losing consciousness after the car accident which sent him back in time, he sees a fleeting image of a woman in a red dress running away from an attacker. The image is later revealed to be a childhood memory of Annie chasing after Sam's father, and being attacked by him.
No references are made to Annie's family in either the first or second series, apart from a mention of an unnamed nephew in "The Crash", which indicates that she has a brother or sister. 
Before the final episodes of Ashes to Ashes, the reason for her absence and whereabouts have never been stated. During the course of "Ashes to Ashes" it is revealed that Sam and Annie married and were described as the "happiest couple ever seen" and had no children. In the finale, Keats mentions that there is no trace of Annie anywhere but it is revealed in the final episode that Gene Hunt, who helps souls of the police force pass on, ultimately helped both Sam and Annie move on, implying that Annie too was a police officer either killed or critically injured in the real world.
American character.
In the US remake, Annie Norris (Gretchen Mol) is a uniformed policewoman with an undergraduate psychology education who has aspirations of making the detective squad. Norris constantly struggles against sexist attitudes about the role of a woman in police work. Owing to her gender, her nickname among the detectives is "No Nuts Norris". She is the only one on the force to whom Sam has revealed that he is from the future – although she does not seem to believe him, she is the most sympathetic of his colleagues; she puts more faith in his claim after a prophecy from Sam saves her life from Vic Tyler in the counterpart episode to the BBC's first series finale.
She is promoted to detective in the finale.

</doc>
<doc id="9892837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892837" title="Beechwood Dam">
Beechwood Dam

The Beechwood Dam is a hydroelectric dam built on the Saint John River in the Canadian province of New Brunswick and operated by NB Power corporation. Its power house has a capacity of 113 megawatts.
The dam and power house opened in 1955 in the community of Beechwood, in Perth Parish. The dam has a head of approximately 18 meters and its upstream reservoir has a relatively small capacity; any significant rainfall or ice jams upstream require NB Power to open flood gates to permit flow through due to this small storage capability. The dam spans the river between Perth Parish and Andover Parish, both in Victoria County, New Brunswick.
A fish elevator helps migratory fish circumvent the head of the dam.
A giant working floral clock sits nearby in a small park.

</doc>
<doc id="9892844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892844" title="Pet in TV">
Pet in TV

Pet in TV, known in Japan as is a pet-raising simulation released by Sony Computer Entertainment in 1997, The game consists of teaching your Pet tricks, getting it new costumes and learning it what items are edible in the wild along with solving random puzzles around the PET world. The game on release gained very bad reviews for its lack of gameplay, storyline and lasting appeal.
Gameplay.
The player can choose from a selection of PiTs and name it. It is then up to the player to nurture their PiT and allow it to explore the 3D world, learning from its encounters with scenery and objects through trial-and-error. Once these behaviours are learned, the PiT will know how to respond to those objects in the future (such as a Flower, or a Spike). Whenever the PiT becomes injured, or tired, returning it to its home will allow Dr. Y to fix it. 
The objective then becomes for your PiT to solve puzzles on its own - for which it will be rewarded with AI upgrade chips.
Reception.
PlayStation Power gave the game a rating of 59%, and said it was "dull for adults" and "a bit bland".

</doc>
<doc id="9892853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892853" title="Marie NDiaye">
Marie NDiaye

Marie NDiaye (born June 4, 1967, in Pithiviers, Loiret) is a French novelist and playwright. She published her first novel, "Quant au riche avenir", when she was only 17 and she won the Prix Femina in 2001 for her novel "Rosie Carpe". Her play "Papa doit manger" has been taken into the repertoire of the Comédie française.
Biography.
Ndiaye was born in Pithiviers, France, less than a hundred kilometers south of Paris, to a French mother and a Senegalese father. She grew up with her mother in the suburbs of Paris. Her parents met as students in the mid 1960s, but her father left for Africa when she was only one year old.
She began writing at the age of 12. As a senior in high school, she was discovered by Jerome Lindon, founder of the Editions de Minuit Publications, who published her first novel, "Quant au riche avenir" '. After her first novel she wrote a further six novels, all published by Minuit, and a collection of short stories. She also wrote her "Comédie Classique", a two-hundred-page novel made up of a single sentence, which was published by POL when she was 21 years old. As well as writing novels, Ndiaye has written a number of plays and a screenplay. "Papa doit manger" is only the second play by a female writer to be taken into the repertoire of the Comédie française.
In 1988, NDiaye spoke out, directing a letter to the press in which she accused the successful author Marie Darrieussecq of trickery. According to NDiaye, the latter was strongly inspired by "La Sorcière", published two years earlier, to write her second novel "Naissance des fantômes", as reported by the newspaper Libération "". Nothing in their very slim connection predicted the missteps of Marie Darrieussecq, who other authors have since similarly accused (see Camille Laurens).
Her novel "Trois femmes puissantes" won the 2009 Prix Goncourt.
Exile in Berlin.
In an interview published by "Les Inrockuptibles" on August 30, 2009, NDiaye declared about Sarkozy's France, "I find that France monstrous. The fact that we her companion (the writer Jean-Yves Cendrey) and their three children-- editor's note have chosen to live in Berlin for two years is far from being unrelated to that. We left just after the elections, in a large part because of Sarkozy, even if I am very aware that saying that can seem snobbish. I find that atmosphere of vulgarity and heavy policing detestable ... Besson, Hortefeux, all of those people, I find them monstrous".

</doc>
<doc id="9892856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892856" title="Inokuchi Ariya">
Inokuchi Ariya

He is founder of Ebara Corporation (former: Inokuchi Seisakusho- lit. Inokuchi manufacturing/works) in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="9892863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892863" title="José María Bustamante">
José María Bustamante

José María Bustamante (March 19, 1777, Toluca – December 4, 1861, Mexico City) was a Mexican composer.
Bustamante worked at various churches in Mexico City as a chapel master, his last posting being at the Metropolitan Cathedral. Active in the Mexican independence movement, he taught at the first conservatory in Latin America, which was founded in Mexico in 1824. He was best known for his heroic melodrama "Méjico libre" ("Free Mexico"), besides which he also wrote an opera and church music.

</doc>
<doc id="9892874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892874" title="Walter McGowan">
Walter McGowan

Walter McGowan, MBE (born 13 October 1942 in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland), is a retired Scottish boxer. He is renowned for having been WBC world flyweight champion.
He was the son of Thomas McGowan, who had boxed under the name of 'Joe Gans'.
He was a skilful boxer, who showed brilliant footwork and knew how to use the ring. However, he suffered throughout his career with cuts, often having fights stopped despite being ahead on points. Without this failing, he would have had an even more successful career.
Amateur career.
McGowan was the 1961 ABA Flyweight Champion.
He suffered only two defeats in 124 amateur bouts.
Professional Career.
He had his first professional fight in August 1961 when he fought George McDade at the Kelvin Hall, Glasgow, winning by a technical knockout in the third round.
He lost his third fight to Jackie Brown on points, but then continued to build up an impressive list of wins. In his tenth fight he fought Jackie Brown for the British and Commonwealth flyweight titles. The fight was in May 1963 at the Ice rink, Paisley, and Mcgowan won by a knockout in the twelfth round.
In September 1963, he defended his Commonwealth title against Killer Salomon from Jamaica. The fight was in Paisley, and McGowan won by a technical knockout in the ninth round.
In April 1964, he challenged for the European flyweight title, held by Italian, Salvatore Burruni. The fight was held in the Olympic Stadium, Rome, and McGowan suffered the second defeat of his career, losing on points over fifteen rounds.
In December 1965, he stepped up a weight and challenged for the European bantamweight title, held by Italian, Tommaso Galli. The fight was again in Rome and ended as a draw after fifteen rounds.
In June 1966, he again fought Salvatore Burruni, this time for the WBC world flyweight championship, which Burruni held. They met at the Empire Pool, Wembley, and McGowan won a fifteen-round points decision to gain the world title, despite sustaining a badly gashed eye in the seventh round. Cuts were to prove a major problem in his career.
In September 1966, he fought Alan Rudkin at the Empire Pool, for the British and Commonwealth bantamweight titles that he held. McGowan scored another fifteen-round points win, despite suffering a cut eye in the tenth round.
In December 1966, he defended his WBC world title against Chartchai Chionoi in Bangkok, Thailand. The Thai fighter won and took the title when McGowan suffered a badly cut nose in the ninth round, and the referee was forced to stop the fight. 
The two boxers had a re-match at the Empire Pool in September 1967, but again the Thai boxer won and kept his title, when cuts to both McGowan’s eyes and his forehead caused the referee to stop the fight in the seventh.
In McGowan’s next fight, in May 1968, he lost his British and Commonwealth bantamweight titles to Alan Rudkin. The fight was at Belle Vue, Manchester and Rukin won by a fifteen-round points decision.
McGowan fought six more fights, all against foreign boxers, winning them all, before retiring. His last fight was in November 1969 against Domenico Antonio Chiloiro.
Retirement.
He became the first Scottish world-boxing champion to be so honoured when he was in the Queen's Birthday honours list in 1966.
He was inducted into the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame in 2002, alongside the likes of Scottish boxing great Ken Buchanan.

</doc>
<doc id="9892898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892898" title="Queer Youth Radio">
Queer Youth Radio

Queer Youth Radio is a community radio station aimed at young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people based in the United Kingdom. The majority of its content is a mixture of streamed live and recorded news, documentaries, health advice and soap operas made by young people as well as independent content from other youth organisations and groups. Members are invited to produce and star in their very own radio programmes. The station broadcasts a blend of new music and news as well as having its own soap opera called "The Group", which follows the goings on at a gay youth group and tackles funny issues along with not so funny ones. 
The station also plays host to "The DJ Samzie Radio Show", presented by a member of the organisation. The show is a blend of music and chat, covering topics from fashion to the Eurovision Song Contest. Its latest addition to the line-up is Sandra, and has proved a ratings success. Sandra is Queer Youth's very own drag queen who plays a mix of uplifting tunes with a touch of vile humour as an added bonus. 
The station was first launched around the clock with a limited FM license in Brighton in the mid-90's, and has since continued via the medium of internet radio. As well broadcasting a live stream, most programmes are also available as podcasts. In 2004 the station merged with the Queer Youth Alliance to form the Queer Youth Network.
Its studios are based at Salford University in Salford, Greater Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="9892913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892913" title="Estadio Multiusos de San Lázaro">
Estadio Multiusos de San Lázaro

Estadio Multiusos de San Lázaro is a multi-purpose stadium in Santiago de Compostela, Spain. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of SD Compostela. It has a capacity of 13,000 and the pitch dimensions are 105 x 68 metres.
Situated in the eastern suburb of San Lázaro, the stadium is a multi-purpose arena, used primarily for the football matches. The stadium is oval in shape and has terracotta coloured roof that rises on the west side to incorporate the directors seating and press facilities on a second tier. The pitch is surround by a 400m athletics track, which is relatively uncommon in Spanish stadiums. The majority of the 14,000 seats are incorporated on a single, covered tier.
The inaugural match took place on 24 June 1993, when a four-way tournament was staged, featuring Deportivo de La Coruña, CD Tenerife, CA River Plate and São Paulo FC. Deportivo and River Plate played in the first match and Bebeto had the honour of scoring the first goal.

</doc>
<doc id="9892967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892967" title="George Howard, 9th Earl of Carlisle">
George Howard, 9th Earl of Carlisle

George James Howard, 9th Earl of Carlisle (12 August 1843 – 16 April 1911), known as George Howard until 1889, was an English aristocrat, politician and painter.
Background and education.
Howard was born in London, England, the son of Charles Howard, fifth son of George Howard, 6th Earl of Carlisle. His mother was the Honourable Mary Parke, daughter of James Parke, 1st Baron Wensleydale. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he joined the Cambridge Apostles in 1864. After graduating from Cambridge he studied at Heatherley School of Fine Art in London.
Artistic career.
Howard's art teachers were Alphonse Legros and Giovanni Costa, and he belonged to the 'Etruscan School' of painters. He married Rosalind Frances Stanley in 1864, but did not share her campaigning interests, although he supported temperance. He was a friend of, and a patron to, a number of the artists of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, being particularly close to Edward Burne-Jones.
The Carlisles lived in Kensington, in a house at 1 Palace Green designed for them by Philip Webb, and at Naworth Castle. Among their visitors at Naworth were Robert Browning, William Ewart Gladstone, Lewis Carroll, Alfred, Lord Tennyson and many others stayed with them at Naworth. William Morris was an intimate friend, and his wallpapers were used in Kensington, at Naworth and at Castle Howard when George inherited it. 
With Morris and Webb he was one of the founding members of The Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings 
Collections.
Howard's work can be found in a number of public and private collections, including the Tate, York Art Gallery, the Government Art Collection, the National Portrait Gallery, the Ashmolean Museum, the Delaware Art Museum, the Castle Howard collection and the British Library.
Political career.
Howard was Liberal Party Member of Parliament for East Cumberland between 1879 and 1880 and again between 1881 and 1885. He succeeded in the earldom in 1889 on the death of his uncle William Howard, 8th Earl of Carlisle. He was a trustee of the National Gallery.
Family.
Lord Carlisle married the Honourable Rosalind Frances Stanley, daughter of Edward Stanley, 2nd Baron Stanley of Alderley, in 1864. They had eleven children:
Lord Carlisle died at Hindhead, Brackland, Surrey, in April 1911, aged 67. His eldest son Charles succeeded in the earldom. The Countess of Carlisle died in August 1921, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="9892994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892994" title="Megatropolis">
Megatropolis

Megatropolis is Iron Savior's sixth full length album, released on the 4th of June, 2007.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics are written by Piet Sielck

</doc>
<doc id="9892997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9892997" title="Disco Activisto – The First Two Singles">
Disco Activisto – The First Two Singles

"No Brakes On My Rollerskates" and "Dead Again", The First Two Singles by Billie Ray Martin, released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9893013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893013" title="Amstrad PC2286">
Amstrad PC2286

The Amstrad "286" PC2286 was launched 1989. The 2000 series launched as a professional follow on to the PC1512/1640. 
The 2000 series consisted of 2086 (8086), 2286 (80286) and 2386 (8036DX). The series used a plastic case similar to 1512/1640, but this time the main computer unit had its own power supply unit built in. The machines BIOS setting were battery backed, however unusually this used 4x AA Battery mounted on top of the based unit.
The 2286 came with 3.5" floppy drives as standard, with side port for connecting an external 5 1/4 inch disk drive. The package contained one of a range of monitors. Screen were 12" and 14" in both VGA Mono, VGA Color.
Processor.
16-bit Intel 80286 CPU, 12.5 MHz
Memory.
1 MB RAM
Hard Disk.
40 MB
Graphics.
VGA adaptor supporting MDA, CGA, Hercules, EGA, MCGA and EVGA
I/O.
Serial, parallel, 5.25 inch or 3.5 inch FDD, mouse

</doc>
<doc id="9893014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893014" title="Born to Be King">
Born to Be King

Born to Be King (Chinese: 勝者為王) is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Andrew Lau predecessor of Goodbye Mr. Cool successor of the movie theaters arm of the "Young and Dangerous" film series.
Synopsis.
Chicken (Jordan Chan) is set to marry the daughter of a Japanese yakuza boss (Sonny Chiba). When Chicken is set up, his old pals return to clear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="9893039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893039" title="The Legendary 'Tai Fei'">
The Legendary 'Tai Fei'

"The Legendary 'Tai Fei'" (古惑仔激情篇之洪興大飛哥) is a 1999 Hong Kong film directed by Kant Leung and starring Anthony Wong. It is a spin-off to the "Young and Dangerous" film series.
Synopsis.
The film centralizes on the storyline after Tai Fei (Anthony Wong) obtains branch leader status after "Young and Dangerous 4". Tai Fei discovers he has a son, and soon realizes that he is a triad member involved in the Tung Sing gang which deals in narcotics.

</doc>
<doc id="9893043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893043" title="San Roque Catholic School">
San Roque Catholic School

San Roque Catholic School, or SRCS, is a Filipino, Catholic, parochial, elementary, secondary and co-educational institution which is found beside barangay Alabang's parish church, San Roque de Alabang Parish.
History.
Aimed at fostering spirituality among the youth of Alabang and neighboring town and providing a low-cost education to the residents in the area, San Roque Catholic School was established in 1981 by then parish priest Tomas T. Gonzales. Since then, the school has taken the role as partner of the parish in the mission of evangelization and Christian education.
One hundred forty-one students comprised the first batch of students who were grouped into three sections. Part of the parish rectory was converted into classrooms for two classes while the third class was in the other side of the church. Through the initiative of Gonzales, the construction of the three-storey building began in 1982. It was ready for use the following school year for 545 students in the first year levels. The first principal was Lydia Santos, who worked hand in hand with a group of mentors.

</doc>
<doc id="9893052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893052" title="Born to Be Wild (album)">
Born to Be Wild (album)

Born to Be Wild is the second album released by Juice Crew member and East Coast rapper MC Shan. After his debut album "Down by Law", MC Shan's second album "Born to Be Wild" became another one of his master works. With the production work of Marley Marl, MC Shan directly attacked Boogie Down Productions with "Juice Crew Law" and ended the silence around the feud. MC Shan's 1991 release "Play It Again, Shan" became his third and last album and did not contain any disses or responses to KRS-One.

</doc>
<doc id="9893059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893059" title="Arlberg railway">
Arlberg railway

The Arlberg Railway, which connects the Austrian cities Innsbruck and Bludenz, is Austria's only "east-west" mountain railway. The 135.7 km line is considered one of Europe's most problematic mountain railways, in part because it is threatened by avalanches, mudslides, rockfalls and floods. It is operated by the Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB) and frequented by international trains, including the Orient Express.
History and Construction.
As early as 1842 a railway over the Arlberg Pass was under discussion, as the British sought a rail connection for traffic from England to Egypt. Two years later, in 1847, Carl Ganahl - a textile industrialist from Feldkirch - decided to privately support construction of the railway, despite the many technical challenges involved. On the other hand, the opening of the Semmering Railway in 1854 showed that mountain railways were basically possible and feasible.
Construction of the Arlberg Railway started in 1880 and proceeded at a faster pace than planned. Completion was originally not expected until the autumn of 1885, but already by May 29, 1883 the valley route from Innsbruck to Landeck in Tyrol was put into service. On September 21, 1884 the entire stretch of mountain railway was completed, including the then single-track, long Arlbergtunnel, the construction of which claimed 92 lives.
Operation.
The transalpine Arlberg Railway opened up a completely new connection between Lake Constance and the Adriatic Sea. Traffic increased so rapidly that already by July 15, 1885 a second track through the tunnel was opened, as had been planned since the beginning of the project. The most renowned train on the Arlberg route was the Orient Express, from London to Bucharest, which had only first-class compartments and parlors.
Right from the beginning, the use of steam locomotives on the Arlberg led to serious problems: Passengers and crews were exposed to the unhealthy effects of sulfurous acid, which condensed from the steam in the tunnel. Grade slopes of up to 3.1% on the western ramp and 2.6% on the eastern ramp caused traction troubles for the locomotives. Finally, in 1924, this problem was eliminated with the completion of electrification of the tunnel, followed by the ramp sections in 1925. This electrification of the railway was carried out with a 15 kV, 16.7 Hertz system, allowing heavy trains to be pulled over the route once the tracks and supporting structures, including the Trisanna bridge in 1964, had been upgraded for the increased axle weights.
Today, traffic through the Arlberg railway tunnel has increased considerably, despite competition from road transport through the Arlberg Road Tunnel. This has made it necessary to widen the approach ramps for double tracks. Many long-distance, high-speed EuroCity and Railjet trains ply the route from Vienna to Vorarlberg over the Arlberg. On the occasion of the World Ski Championships in 2001, the railway station of St. Anton on the eastern side of the Arlberg Tunnel was completely reconstructed and the tunnel itself extended by several hundred feet.

</doc>
<doc id="9893061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893061" title="Kapists">
Kapists

Kapists or KPists (Polish: Kapiści, from KP, the Polish acronym for the Paris Committee), also known as the Colourists, were a group of Polish painters of 1930s who dominated the Polish artistic landscape of the epoch. Contrary to Polish romanticist traditions, the Kapists underlined the independence of art from any historical tradition, symbolism or influences of literature and history. They were formed around Józef Pankiewicz and were under strong influence of the French Post-Impressionists. 
The name of the movement was derived from the full name of the so-called "Paris Committee", or "Paris Committee of Relief for Students Leaving for Artistic Studies in France" (). Apart from Pankiewicz, among the best-known Kapists were Jan Cybis, Józef Czapski, Józef Jarema, Artur Nacht-Samborski, Eugeniusz Geppert, Piotr Potworowski, Hanna Rudzka and Zygmunt Waliszewski.

</doc>
<doc id="9893064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893064" title="Savage Streets">
Savage Streets

Savage Streets is a 1984 American vigilante action film starring Linda Blair. Directed by Danny Steinmann, the film premiered on October 5, 1984.
This is one of the few non-horror films that both Linda Blair and Linnea Quigley star in.
Plot.
After nearly being rundown by a gang known as the Scars, Brenda (Linda Blair) and friends trash the leader's car. Gang leader, Jake, exacts his revenge by getting his cohorts to gang-rape her mute-deaf sister, Heather (Linnea Quigley). Armed with a crossbow, Brenda sets out to avenge her sister while blazing a bloody trail through Los Angeles.
Reception.
Freddie Young of Full Moon Reviews said ""Savage Streets" is a film I had never seen before until now and I'm really ashamed by that because it rocked my socks off. Obviously a "Death Wish" ripoff, "Savage Streets" is perfect 80s exploitation, with nudity, over-the-top acting and dialogue, and plot elements that aren't subtle and are quite disturbing on paper."
Ned Daigle of BMN Review disliked the film and said "Everything about "Savage Streets" is bad, from the acting, to the screenplay, to the direction, to even the horrid music score and songs performed by John Farnham who sounds like the unholy lovechild of Loverboy and Foreigner. Deplorable is the only word I can come up with as a description. See "Savage Streets" at your own risk."
Awards.
Razzie Awards
Saturn Award
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack featuring the theme song "Justice For One", performed by John Farnham was never officially released to the public but may be found on rare promos which were sent to DJ's at the time of the picture's release. The reason for the "non-release" was marketing. Some copies of "Savage Streets" LP, complete with Linda Blair as the main character "Brenda" on the cover, have made it onto online auctions and are stamped "demo only". These releases were put out by the Curb Records group, and are now highly sought-after due to Farnham's increased popularity.
Home media.
On September 23, 2008, "Savage Streets" was released in a 2-disc set "Special Edition" by Bryanston Distributors / Motion Picture Marketing in association with BCI Eclipse / Navarre Corporation with Special Features produced by Red Shirt Productions and Code Red.

</doc>
<doc id="9893070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893070" title="Edmund Hirst">
Edmund Hirst

Sir Edmund Langley Hirst CBE FRS FRSE (21 July 1898 Preston, Lancashire to 29 October 1975 Edinburgh), was a British chemist. 
Career.
He held the Forbes Chair of Organic Chemistry at the University of Edinburgh and was head of department there from 1959 to 1968.
He was also President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh between 1959-1964.
He assisted Norman Haworth in 1934 when he became the first to synthesize Vitamin C. 

</doc>
<doc id="9893078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893078" title="Lunca de Jos">
Lunca de Jos

Lunca de Jos (, Hungarian pronunciation: , colloquially "Középlok") is a commune in Harghita County, Transylvania, Romania. It lies in the ethno-cultural region Szekely land.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of nine villages:
History.
The village was historically part of the Székely Land region of Transylvania province. The first peports of settlers in the area was from 1721. It became independent from Gyimesbükk in 1795. The birth registry starts from 1854. The village belonged to Csíkszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Ciuc County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely and Csángó) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 5,265 of which 99.2% or 5,223 are Hungarian.
Economy.
Until 1989, it was the center of local timber manufacturing with a board and since 1976 a furniture factory. The main activity of the villagers is cattle herding and potato production. Industrial activity has decreased significantly after 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9893083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893083" title="Bill's Tomato Game">
Bill's Tomato Game

"Bill's Tomato Game" is a 1992 puzzle, platform computer game for the Atari ST and Amiga.
Summary.
The game was developed and published by Psygnosis. The game requires the player to guide Terry the tomato up the vine of Sammy Squirrel and rescue his girlfriend Tracey from the squirrel's villainous clutches. The vine consists of 10 worlds of 10 levels each. All consist of numerous obstacles he has to overcome using the help of various items (e.g. fans or trampolines).
The reason the game is called "Bill's Tomato Game" is because it was designed and programmed by Bill Pullan, although the manual states that this is not the case. The artwork was by Lee Carus-Westcott and the music was by Mike Clarke.
A Mega Drive version was developed by Tempest Software for Psygnosis. Despite actual work on the port being completed, however, the publisher never released the game. A prototype cartridge of the unpublished Mega Drive version was auctioned on eBay in July 2009.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" liked the game's graphics and puzzles, and called it "one of Psygnosis' best Amiga offerings of late ... the most entertaining and addictive Amiga title I have played in a long time".
http://www.angusm.demon.co.uk/AGDB/DBA1/BillTom.html

</doc>
<doc id="9893093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893093" title="Whitley Academy">
Whitley Academy

Whitley Academy (formerly Whitley Abbey Community School) is an academy school in Whitley, Coventry, England. The school was rebuilt and opened on 13 October 2000, replacing the former Whitley Abbey Comprehensive School built in the 1950s, which was one of the first comprehensive schools in Coventry.
In July 2007, Whitley Abbey Community School gained specialist status in Business and Enterprise and was renamed Whitley Abbey Business and Enterprise College.
On 1 July 2011 Whitley Abbey Business and Enterprise College became an Academy and was renamed to 'Whitley Academy'.
The new academy was formally opened on 13 March 2012 by the Princess Royal.

</doc>
<doc id="9893103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893103" title="Korukonda">
Korukonda

Korukonda is a village and panchayat in the Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, South India. 

</doc>
<doc id="9893120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893120" title="Sunshine Heartbeat">
Sunshine Heartbeat

Sunshine Heartbeat is a Hong Kong television series. The story centres on volleyball and high school. 
Title: 赤沙印記＠四葉草2 / Sunshine Heartbeat<br>
Episodes: 13<br>
Broadcast year: 2004<br>
Themesong: Find Your Love - F1, Roxane Lo, Peggy Lee
Synopsis.
This series is based on high school life, love, and one sport - volleyball. When Mia (Vivien Yeo) was young, she and her sisters, Ah Kiu (Charmaine Li), and Yan Yan (Yoyo Chen) met a fortune teller. Mia was given a bag and told to open it when she turns 18 and it would guide her to her true love. The fortune teller told her to choose carefully so she wouldn't hurt her family. Mia and her sisters buried the bag in a box and promised not to open it until Mia turned 18. Mia stayed with her aunt in New York while the Ah Kiu and Yan Yan went back to Hong Kong. 
10 years later... Mia goes back to Hong Kong and on her 18th birthday, the sisters dig up the time capsule and read the notes. The letter inside the bag reads that Mia's true love would have a four leaf-clover birthmark on him. Mia was happy when she discovers that Ah Sun (Charles Szeto), the most popular guy in school who is also the star volleyball player, has the four-leaf clover mark on his shoulder. 
Yan Yan then decides that Mia should join the school's beach volleyball team so that Ah Sun will notice her. In order to do so, they go through different schemes and fail until they get Ah Kiu to help them, pretending to be Mia and playing amazingly at volleyball while Ah Sun is watching. Ah Sun, of course being the captain of the volleyball team, decides to recommend the "amazing" volleyball player Mia into the team. Ah Sun slowly develops a love for Mia thinking she is a beautiful girl in his school who shares his love of volleyball, both interest and skill wise. Soon after, Mia and Ah Sun start dating.
Though they could trick Ah Sun once, they cannot do the same thing during practice, therefore leading a very suspicious coach and teammates into their hands. Dealing with the school's most popular girl, Eugene, and her buddies, Yan Yan and Mia play a game of volleyball against them. Ah Kiu coming to the rescue just in time, beats Eugene for them, earning her a direct pass into the volleyball team. Mia's volleyball playing days do not last long for after a few practices the coach decides to get rid of her as well. However, Ah Sun comes to the rescue and declares that her ability to play amazingly is not at its best level since she injured herself in a game. Negotiating with the coach, Ah Sun helps Mia stay on the team as the second manager.
In a series of events the Yip sisters soon discover another guy in their school bearing the four-leaf clover birthmark. This guy is the school's rumored bad boy Nic Fong (Vin Choi). Though she has begun dating Ah Sun, Mia discovers that her mind always trails back to Nic. Furthermore, she tells him to join the volleyball team in response to hearing him confess that he's been secretly watching her dance after school and how beautiful he thought she was. She was convinced by her sisters that she should tell him to join the team so that she can have a chance to be close to him and see if he was the guy for her instead of Ah Sun. 
The story continues in complication as Ah Kiu begins to realize that she has liked Ah Sun from the beginning. Though she has always believed that she is unlike the normal bubbly girl that is head over heals for a popular pretty boy like Ah Sun, her jealousy towards Mia and Ah Sun's relationship grows as they become closer. Though the best friend of Ah Sun, Ah Kit, repeatedly reminds her that his love for her is never ending, she does not respond to it and only becomes more and more jealous and miserable.
What will happen to these four high school students? What will be their fate? Will Mia choose the right guy and not bring upon her family unhappiness and what's more of the curse? 
Character bio.
Yue Yat Sun (Chinese: 于逸臣) - Captain of the Beach Volleyball Team. He is kind and sweet, and is loved by all the girls at school. He is also the only son of a wealthy family. As soon as the Yip sisters find out that he has the four-leaf clover birthmark on the back of his shoulder, they decide to get Mia into the Beach Volleyball Team in order to get closer to him. Mia and Ah Sun start dating soon after, though their chemistry slowly dies off when Mia and Ah Sun discover their love for each other was only sudden infatuation. On the last episode, Ah Sun doesn't officially have the breakup talk with Mia, but both of them begin dating someone else, for Ah Sun, he begins dating Ah Kiu, Mia's little sister.
Mia / Yip Ching (Mia / Chinese: 葉菁) - The eldest sister. She was told by the fortune teller to look for her Prince Charming when she turns 18, otherwise her family's fortune and happiness will be ruined for eternity. With her sisters' help, she joins the Female Beach Volleyball Team, but is later caught of her inability to play, and Ah Sun recommands her as the boy team's representative. Her relationship with Ah Sun becomes crippled when she finds Nic, the school's bad student, with an identical four-leaf clover birthmark on his back. Being indecisive since she was a child she can't choose between the two boys who have the same four-leaf clover birthmark causing Ah Sun and Ah Kiu to be in deep, deep misery, along with herself. In the final episode, she finally discovers where her heart belongs and begins dating Nic, the rumored bad student.
Nic / Lik Fong (Nic / Chinese: 方力) - The so-called bad student. Being a loner and distrustful of others, he doesn't like to talk much about his family situation or his feelings. He has been in love with Mia ever since he saw her dance. Eventually, she convinces him to join the Beach Volleyball Team. After a heart-to-heart with Mia, he becomes more open to other people. Like Ah Sun, he has a four-leaf clover birthmark on his back, which makes things difficult when Mia finds out she has two princes to choose. In the final episode, this ambiguous relationship comes to an end when Mia finally realizes that she is in love with Nic.
Yip Kiu (Chinese: 葉蕎) - A good-hearted, but boyish girl - she is the middle sister. She likes sports and dancing. During freetime she volunteers to help people. She is in love with Ah Sun, but doesn't dare to say it because he has the four-leaf clover birthmark, meaning he is her sister's Prince Charming. She joins the Female Beach Volleyball Team after Ah Sun's persuasion and often teams up with Yan-Yan. On one occasion, she has a fight with Mia because of her inability to decide whether she loves Ah Sun or Nic, but they quickly make up afterward. In the final episode, Mia chooses Nic over Ah Sun, who finds himself already in love with Ah Kiu. From then on, they become an official couple.
Yip Yan (Chinese: 葉茵) - Yan-Yan is the youngest of the three sisters, she's pretty much the typical high school girl: beautiful, boy-crazed and fashion-sensed, but also intelligent. She likes good-looking guys, and believes in rumors about Nic Fong, the school's bad student. Although she likes good-looking guys with family fortunes, she acknowledges that none of neither has to do with what she really wants: true love. Ever since she saw Chi-Ping in school, playing with kittens and helping people, she's been in love with him. One day, she finally steps out of the tree and talk to him, and from then on they become friends and eventually lovers.
Wong Siu Kit (Chinese: 王少傑) - Second-in-command in the Beach Volleyball Team. He is best friends with Ah Sun, and is very daring when it comes to sports. Kit is in love with Ah Kiu, but is afraid of being rejected and so he decides to remain friends with her. During a volleyball contest, he twists his ankle and is unable to play with Ah Sun throughout the finals. At the end of the episode, his wound is completely healed.
Cheung Lap Gong (Chinese: 張立剛) - Coach of the Beach Volleyball Team; bad-tempered and stubborn. He is strict, but does what he thinks is best for the team. He was together with a teacher before they broke up, but eventually, they made up and went back together - and ever since then he's shown more compassion towards other people.
Kwan Kit Lam (Chinese: 關筱男) - A school teacher that drives a motorcycle, not very liked by other teachers. Because she went through the same kind of adolescence, she understands Nic's situation better than most people and tries her best to help him. She was together with Coach Cheung before breaking up with him. But eventually, they make up.
Mon Mon / Fong Man (Mon Mon/Chinese: 方敏) - Nic's little sister. She used to be energetic, before having the fatal disease - leukemia. She therefore can't stay outside for too long without suffering sunlight, and Nic is responsible in taking care of her.
Leung Chi-Ping (Chinese: 梁志平) - A carefree and sweet-hearted young man. Yan-Yan has liked him ever since she saw him in the school, playing with some cats and helping a granny picking up her garbage. Yan-Yan watched him work three times before she actually spoke with him face-to-face, and since then they began dating. He is practically the kind of boyfriend any girl could ever ask for - sweet and loving, although he is a bit naive. In the final episode, he is revealed to have a four-leaf clover birthmark, like Ah Nic and Ah Sun, though it's on his neck and hardly noticeable.
Wong Sau Han (Chinese: 黃秀杏) - The principal's daughter and the representative for the beach volleyball team before Mia becomes the second representative, handling the boys' team. Like most girls at school, she's in love with Ah Sun, and isn't afraid to show it. She also dislikes the Yip sisters, because Ah Sun is dating Mia, and co-operates with Eugenia to get rid of her. But their malicious attempt lead them into a huge consequence. However, the forgiving sisters save them out of the disaster. After this, they officially become best friends.
Eugenia / Eugene / Lei Lai Mei (Eugenia / Eugene / Chinese: 李麗媚) - The captain of the female Beach Volleyball Team. She is also in love with Ah Sun, and she dislikes the Yip sisters, because Ah Sun is dating Mia, and cooperates with Ah Han to get rid of her. But their malicious attempt lead them into a huge consequence. However, the forgiving sisters save them out of the disaster. After this, they become best friends.
Cast.
The Girls:
The Boys:
Supporting Cast:
Soundtrack.
A Soundtrack CD containing the songs played in the series was also produced. "赤沙印記＠四葉草２ Soundtrack CD" (English name: "Sunshine Heartbeat TV Series Soundtrack") was released on December 9, 2004. In addition to the themesong, it includes mandarin, cantonese and English songs.
Track Listing:
Some songs that were played in the series but were not included in the soundtrack are:

</doc>
<doc id="9893140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893140" title="Kodukulanji">
Kodukulanji

Kodukulanji is a village situated in Chengannur Taluk, Alleppey district, Kerala, India. It is located around 5 km north of the Achankovil River and 7 km south of the Pamba River. The village is predominantly Syrian Christian. Kodukulanji is one of the highest places in Alapuzha district. The village comes under two panchayats, Ala and Venmoney. The legislative constituency is Chengannur and parliamentary constituency is Mavelikara.
Kodukulanji is also famous for a 13th Century Ayyappa temple situated at a peak, highest in Alleppey. Varattar, a tributary of the Pamba River, flows through kodukulanji.
About Name.
The name Kodukulanji originated from two words "Kodu" which means "curves" and "kulanji" a tree which was once common in this place.
Location.
Kodukulanji is a village which is situated about 8 km south of Chengannur town and 10 km from Mavelikara town.
The proposed National Highway NH 220 which connects Kollam to Theni passes through Kodukulanji.
Transport.
Kodukulanji is a junction of two roads. One road goes to Mavelikara via Kollakadavu. The other road leads to Pandalam via Venmoney.
Private buses dominate the public transportation in this route. KSRTC also operates bus services through this area on a smaller scale. Private buses are running in this route with an average time interval of 10 to 15 minutes from Chengannur and Mavelikara private bus stands. Nearest main railway station is Chengannur (7 km). Nearest airport is Trivandrum International Airport which is at a distance of 123 km from Kodukulanji.
Religion.
The population in Kodukulanji practices Hinduism and Christianity.
"Churches".
C.S.I Christ church was established in the year 1842 by CMS missionaries.To begin with there were only 8 Christian families‚ but in due course more Christian families joined the church from surrounding areas like Pennukkara, Cheriyanad, Cheruvalloor, Kozhuvalloor, and Kollakadavu and continued their worship under the auspices of the Church Missionary Society. The main building of the present church was constructed in the year 1846.
"Temples".
Dharma Sastavu temple is situated at Kuthiravatoom which is about 1 km from Kodukulanji.
Another temple was constructed at Poovannalkavu near Parachantha and opened to public on the year of 2012.The new temple was built by the two Karayogams (Kodukulanji and Kodukulanji Karode) .
Politics.
Kodukulanji is a part of Ala grama panchayat. The assembly constituency is Chengannur and Parliamentary constituency is Mavelikara.In the 2010 local body elections the United Democratic Front(UDF) alliance has got absolute majority in the Ala Grama panchayat.UDF has got 9 seats out of 13 seats.Left Democratic Front (LDF) and Bharathiya Janatha party (BJP) has got 2 seats each.The current Panchayat President is Mr. Bahulayen C.K of Indian National Congress (INC).
Schools.
The schools functioning at Kodukulanji are C.M.S UP school, Christ Church Vidyapith, John Memorial High School, Raja Rajesweri Senior Secondary School.
C.M.S UP School was started in 1842 by C.M.S Missionaries.The school has Classes up to 7th standard and follows Kerala state syllabus 
Christ Church Vidyapith was started in 2000 and is managed by C.S.I Management .The school follows C.B.S.E syllabus and has classes from LKG up to 7th Standard.
John Memorial High school has Classes from 8th Standard to 10th Standard .The schools follows Kerala state syllabus 
Raja Rajeshwari school was started in 1998 and has classes from LKG up to 12th standard.The school follows C.B.S.E syllabus
Colleges.
St. Thomas College of Engineering & Technology is situated at Kozhuvalloor, which is at a distance of 1.5 km from Kodukulanji.The College was established on 2010.
Mount Zion College of Engineering for Women, is situated at Kozhuvalloor.The college was established in 2009.
Places to see.
Kuthiravattom Chira, which is situated at a distance of one km from Kodukulanji is surrounded by fresh water body covering acres. To augment its beauty "Kuthiravattom Chira Tourism" project, a joint venture of the Venmoney grama panchayat of the Chengannur block and the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC) was commenced in 2008.As part of the first phase, a camp site-cum-convention centre, huts, dwelling units and an open theatre will be constructed. The project is included in the DTPC’s `My Village' scheme
References.
http://www.lsg.kerala.gov.in/pages/lb_general_info.php?intID=5&ID=467
http://lsgkerala.in/alapanchayat/
http://saint-columba.org/staff.html
kodukulanji
CSI Christ church Kodukulanji

</doc>
<doc id="9893159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893159" title="Myx Music Awards 2006">
Myx Music Awards 2006

The 1st Myx Music Awards was held on June 6, 2006 at Onstage Greenbelt, Makati City.
Nominees.
Winners are in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="9893168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893168" title="Queer Notions">
Queer Notions

Queer Notions (also known as QN) is a group based in Liverpool, England that provides information and support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people (LGBT), particularly those experiencing some form of mental distress.
In the past the organisation has been funded by the charity Mind, the NHS, Liverpool City Council and a range of other funders. The organisation is registered as a provider of support with the national UK LGBT organisation, Stonewall.
QN was set up in 1998 by a group of gay people in response to some research, which had highlighted the lack of service provision for LGBT people around mental health issues.
It was one of the first organisations in the UK to look at supporting people with both sexuality/gender issues and mental health, although other groups around the UK have done good work in this area - see the Stonewall web page for details of other groups in different regions.
The group operates a range of services, including a weekly drop-in and a range of other activities that are designed to be fun but away from the gay scene. Many LGBT people feel constrained in where they meet people and socialise, so often end up spending lots of time on the traditional bar-focussed gay scene. Groups like Queer Notions provide people a range of healthy and cultural activities. These include events themed around sport, art, theatre and film.
As of January 2014 Queer Notions is hosted in the new premises of The Armistead Project, located at: The Beat, Hanover Street, Liverpool, L1 4AF.

</doc>
<doc id="9893174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893174" title="YAT Anshin! Uchū Ryokō">
YAT Anshin! Uchū Ryokō

Plot.
The human civilization has taken gigantic steps in the conquest of the space. For 15 years, with the creation of the three-dimensional Tunnel, they can travel to any Galaxy in the universe.“The Gentleman of the Cosmos” is the company that manages the three-dimensional tunnel and dominates organizes the trips. Many companies follow ahead. One of those small companies is YAT (“Yamamoto Anshin Travel”), commanded by Yamamoto, and his beautiful daughter Katsura, her foreign pet lizard Bucky who is the mascot of the company, the robot, Kanabe who navigates and Utchi, the extraterrestrial pilot, and Goro Hoshiwatari, an adolescent who has left his home to travel by the space and to find the whereabouts of his father, who disappeared fifteen years ago during the explosion of the main transporting center of the three-dimensional Tunnel that he created. Goro falls in love with Katsura, and becomes the YAT mechanic/janitor after an accident that he was responsible for, so he tags along to pay for the damage, as well to find his father. But to find his father will not be his only problem, since Kanea, a young lady whose mother is the owner of “the Gentleman of the Cosmos”, is in love with him. In addition, Kanea’s mother had a mysterious and conflicting past with Yamamoto.
Plot.
6 months have passed since the 50 episode. YAT ships and crew are transported to a very far universe. Soon, they discover that the person responsible is Professor Nota, a scientific who is working on a teletransportation device, helped by a cat-like girl with psychic powers called "Pinky". Then, the professor is kidnapped by Emperor Ganon, who wants to use the device to rule the universe. The aim of the YAT crew is finding the kidnapped professor and come back to Earth.
Controversy.
On March 29, 1997, there was an incident involving the episode in which four children were taken to hospitals by ambulance after reportedly watching a scene in the episode with rapidly flashing red and white colors. Later broadcasts of this episode were edited so that the flashes were not so fast, unlike the infamous "Electric Soldier Porygon" episode of "Pokemon", which was completely banned. Similar incidents were also reported following the "Pokémon Shock" incident.

</doc>
<doc id="9893185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893185" title="Finjan">
Finjan

Finjan was a company which provided enterprise web security solutions, including real-time and behavior-based malware prevention, before being acquired by M86 Security in 2009. Finjan continues to hold patents for various Web security technologies. Prior to this acquisition, the company was headquartered in San Jose, California
History.
Finjan was founded in 1997 by Shlomo Touboul, a serial entrepreneur who founded his first company, Shani Computers, in 1985 and sold it to Intel in 1994. He then worked for Intel for a while, before starting Finjan. In 1998 Touboul decided to bring in an experienced seasoned CEO, who would be able to develop and grow the company more quickly, he then left to start his own venture capital fund.
In 2001, the company ran into financial difficulties and Touboul was asked by the board of directors to rejoin the company as CEO. Touboul realigned the company's strategy, moving away from developing only software solutions to combined hardware and software security appliances; additionally, the company moved to a channel sales model. In December 2002 Finjan acquired the assets of Alchemedia, a software developer with a DRM product called Clever Content, and several DRM patents; Alchemedia also had ties to Israel, as its founder Daniel Schreiber was Israeli, though the company was technically headquartered in the Dallas area. In 2005, following disagreements with the board, Touboul left again and started a new company Yoggie Security Systems.
In October 2007 Eric Benhamou, former CEO and chairman of 3COM, was appointed as chairman of Finjan. He also invested in the company through his venture capital fund - Benhamou Global Ventures.
In November 2009 the company was sold to M86 Security, a global computer security firm based in Orange, California with international headquarters in London and offices worldwide.
Finjan appliances are now sold as Trustwave Secure Web Gateway.
Investors.
Finjan was privately owned and its major shareholders included Cisco, Microsoft, Bessemer Venture Partners, Benchmark Capital, HarbourVest Partners and Israel Seed Partners. In November 2008, the company secured an additional investment of $22M, which brought the total capital invested in Finjan since its founding to $67 million.
Intellectual property and technology.
Finjan invented the concept of proactive content security with behavior-based content analysis technology. This and other selected technology patents were licensed to Microsoft in July 2005. In April 2009, Finjan's intellectual property portfolio included granted and pending patents in the areas of behavior-based security and digital rights management.

</doc>
<doc id="9893199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893199" title="J. R. Moehringer">
J. R. Moehringer

J.R. Moehringer (born December 7, 1964) is an American novelist and journalist. In 2000 he was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for newspaper feature writing.
Biography.
Moehringer was born in New York City and was raised by a single mother in Manhasset, New York and, later, in Scottsdale, Arizona. He graduated from Saguaro High School in Scottsdale in 1982. He graduated from Yale University in 1986.
He began his journalism career as a news assistant at "The New York Times". In 1990, he moved to Breckenridge, Colorado, and worked at the "Rocky Mountain News". In 1994, he became a reporter for the Orange County bureau of the "Los Angeles Times".
In 1997, the "Los Angeles Times" sent him to Atlanta to report on the South as an on-the-scene reporter. His work as a journalist later took him to Denver, Colorado.
He was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in 1998 and received the Pulitzer for newspaper feature writing in 2000.
He is not married and currently lives in Denver.
Works.
Moehringer's memoir, "The Tender Bar", was published in 2005. It recounts his childhood through his early twenties and tells of his coming-of-age experiences at a local bar called Dickens (later called Publicans), which served as a sanctuary away from his chaotic family life. After retired tennis star Andre Agassi read "The Tender Bar", he asked Moehringer to collaborate with him on his own memoir. The resulting book, which was titled "", was published in 2009. 
Moehringer wrote an article for the "Los Angeles Times Magazine" about a homeless man who claimed he was Bob Satterfield. In 2007, the article was adapted as the basis of a film "Resurrecting the Champ". The film was directed by Rod Lurie and starred Samuel L. Jackson, Josh Hartnett, and Alan Alda.
His novel, "Sutton", based on the life of bank robber Willie Sutton, was published in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9893209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893209" title="Gladiolus murielae">
Gladiolus murielae

Gladiolus murielae is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae, native to eastern Africa, from Ethiopia to Malawi. It has been given a number of English names, including Abyssinian gladiolus and fragrant gladiolus. It was formerly placed in the genus "Acidanthera".
It is a cormous perennial growing to tall, with linear leaves and in late summer, numerous fragrant white flowers with a maroon (occasionally orange) blotch in the throat, on slender nodding stems. Widely cultivated, it is a common subject in western European gardens, where the corms are lifted every year and stored in frost-free conditions.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Hardiness: Zones 7–10 (6b with deep planting and mulching)
Taxonomy.
The species was first described as "Acidanthera bicolor" by Christian Hochstetter in 1844. In 1973, Wessel Marais included the genus "Acidanthera" in "Gladiolus". As the name "Gladiolus bicolor" had already been published by John Gilbert Baker in 1877 for a different species of "Gladiolus", Marais needed another name. He chose to call the species "Gladiolus callianthus". Marais was apparently unaware that James Kelway had already published the name "Gladiolus murielae" in 1932, so that the name ""G. callianthus"" was superfluous. The epithet "murielae" honours Muriel Erskine; her husband had collected in Ethiopia the specimen on which Kelway based the name.
The species is often still offered for sale under the name "Acidanthera bicolor", sometimes with "murielae" added as an infraspecific name, or even as the cultivar name 'Murielae'.

</doc>
<doc id="9893215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893215" title="Bishops Wood">
Bishops Wood

Bishop's Wood, Bishops Wood, or Bishopswood () is a small village on the Staffordshire border with Shropshire. It is home to the Royal Oak public house, the first to be named after the nearby oak tree at Boscobel House in which King Charles II hid after the Battle of Worcester.
The village, in the parish of Brewood, may derive its name from the country residence of the early Bishops of Lichfield: Boscobel House. The King Charles II Royal Oak tree, White Ladies Priory, Blackladies (another former priory, now a private residence) and Weston Park are all within easy walking distance. 

</doc>
<doc id="9893264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893264" title="Ozier Muhammad">
Ozier Muhammad

Ozier Muhammad is an American photojournalist who has been on the staff of "The New York Times" since 1992. He has also worked for "Ebony Magazine", "The Charlotte Observer", and "Newsday". He earned a B.A. in 1972 in photography from Columbia College Chicago.
In 1984, Muhammad won the George Polk Award for News Photography.
As a photographer for "Newsday", Muhammad shared the 1985 Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting with Josh Friedman and Dennis Bell "for their series on the plight of the hungry in Africa."
He was selected as a photographer for the 1990 project "Songs of My People".
Personal.
Muhammad is a grandson of Elijah Muhammad, a founder of the Nation of Islam.
He was formerly married to Dr. Kimberly Muhammad-Earl, a director of special projects at the Chicago Board of Education.
Ozier is the father of two children. His son Khalil, born 1972, wrote "The Condemnation of Blackness: Race, Crime, and the Making of Modern Urban America" (Harvard, 2010); he will be the new director of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture. His daughter Pilar is an aspiring actress and is currently 16.

</doc>
<doc id="9893285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893285" title="1991 World Championships in Athletics – Women's heptathlon">
1991 World Championships in Athletics – Women's heptathlon

The heptathlon at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Olympic Stadium on Monday August 26 and Tuesday August 27, 1991.
Results.
Overall results.
Points table after 7th event

</doc>
<doc id="9893319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893319" title="List of public art in London">
List of public art in London

This is a list of public art in London, including statues, memorials, architectural sculptures and others, divided by London borough and the City of London.

</doc>
<doc id="9893321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893321" title="The River (Breed 77 song)">
The River (Breed 77 song)

"The River" is a song and single by Gibraltarian Flamenco Metal band Breed 77 and it was their first ever single to reach the top 40 — hitting the charts at number 39. It was released as a 2 part CD and DVD set, and on 7" vinyl.
Track 1 written by Paul Isola & Danny Felice. Track 2 (CD1) written by Danny Felice, Paul Isola, Pete Chichone. Track 2 (CD2) written by Pedro Caparros, Paul Isola, Danny Felice.
The line-up for this single consisted of Paul Isola, Danny Felice, Stuart Cavilla, Pete Chichone and Pedro Caparros.
Music video.
The music video for this single was fully directed by Paul Isola. It was filmed at three different locations along the southern coast of the Iberian Peninsula. These included Río Tinto in Huelva, Tarifa in Cádiz (both in Spain) and finally Europa Point in Gibraltar. Río Tinto is a river which carries blood red waters due to its high mineral content, which provided the video with striking visuals. The famous sand dunes of Tarifa provides the video with a desert-like background, giving it a sense of scorching heat which is felt throughout the video. The Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque at Europa Point in Gibraltar can be clearly seen in the background as the band is seen playing their music and displaying a flag of Gibraltar as they do on stage at their concerts. This location holds a special meaning to the band as it is a place were they would hang out for hours during their teenage years.
</tr></table>

</doc>
<doc id="9893322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893322" title="David Bivin">
David Bivin

David Bivin (b. July 20, 1939, Cleveland, Oklahoma) is a biblical scholar, member of the Jerusalem School of Synoptic Research and author of "New Light on the Difficult Words of Jesus: Insights from His Jewish Context". His role at the Jerusalem School involves publishing the journal Jerusalem Perspective (Online) and organizing seminars.
Works.
He is well known among lay readers for his co-authored book "Understanding the Difficult Words of Jesus: New Insights from a Hebraic Perspective" and his book "New Light on the Difficult Words of Jesus"
Bivin's second major work, "New Light on the Difficult Words of Jesus: Insights from His Jewish Context", shares a similar title with his first book, but reflects 20 more years of scholarship and is substantially different in content. Rather than focusing on language issues, it examines Jesus' teachings within their first-century Jewish context. Marvin Wilson, Professor, Gordon College, calls it "a valuable resource for every serious student of Scripture." The book includes much content initially published in the journal "Jerusalem Perspective".
Methodology.
Bivin's work sometimes involves taking a Greek phrase from the Bible, attempting to uncover what the underlying Hebrew idiom would have been, and then translating and interpreting the idiom, in other words relating a Greek text to its Hebrew equivalent, then translating it to English.
Family.
David Bivin and his wife currently reside in a suburb of Jerusalem, Israel. His brother is Senior Warden of St. Thomas Anglican Church.
Bibliography.
So far he has authored and co-authored the following books: 
Other publications have appeared in:

</doc>
<doc id="9893323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893323" title="Satu Pauri">
Satu Pauri

Satu Marianne Pauri (née Ruotsalainen; born 21 October 1966 in Oulu) is a retired Finnish heptathlete.
Pauri finished fourth at the 1991 World Championships, where she broke the national record with 6404 points.

</doc>
<doc id="9893335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893335" title="Very-low-drag bullet">
Very-low-drag bullet

The very-low-drag bullet (VLD) is primarily a small arms ballistics development of the 1980s–1990s, driven by shooters' desire for bullets that will give a higher degree of accuracy and kinetic efficiency, especially at extended ranges. To achieve this the projectile must minimize air resistance in flight. Demand has been greatest from military snipers, long range target shooters, including F-class and benchrest competitors, but hunters have also benefited. Most very-low-drag bullets are used in high powered rifles.
Bullets with a lower drag coefficient decelerate less rapidly. A low drag coefficient flattens the projectile's trajectory and also markedly decreases the lateral drift caused by crosswinds. The higher impact velocity of bullets with low drag coefficients means they retain more kinetic energy.
Development.
The development of very-low-drag bullets has focused on the following main factors:
The resulting projectile should be very "slippery" (well streamlined) for easier passage through the air. Consistency in bullet production, allied to consistency in the assembly of cartridges (quality control) should give excellent shot-to-shot consistency.
The principles of bullet design and flight are classically set out in F.W. Mann's "The Bullet's Flight From Powder to Target: Ballistics of Small Arms".
Modern design.
The possibility to machine mono-metal bullets offers bullet designers the freedom to design slender aerodynamically efficient bullet shapes that can not be produced with more traditional bullet production methods.
Mono-metal very-low-drag bullets are normally machined from solid bars of highly-machinable metals using CNC lathes. Common materials include UNS C36000 Free-Cutting Brass, lead-free brass, oxygen-free copper and other highly machinable alloys of copper, nickel, and tellurium. 
Producing accurate bullets this way is not easy. To guarantee consistency and hence accuracy professional quality control during and after production is needed. Mono-metal solid bullets are more expensive than traditional jacketed Hollow Point Boat Tail very-low-drag bullets.

</doc>
<doc id="9893337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893337" title="Dealer Business System">
Dealer Business System

Dealer Business System (DBS) is a Supply Chain Management / Dealer Management System application developed with Accenture on AS/400 Mainframes in 1990's. Caterpillar dealers have been using this application to manage their internal problems as well as external connections to CAT. The main modules include: 
Versions.
Accentures Role.
In June 2002 Caterpillar and Accenture announced a 10 year agreement to build and provide support for DBS 
In May 2009, dealers approved the transition of DBS support to Accenture's Accenture Dealer Management Services group.
High 5 Software's Role.
In May 2012, High 5 Software announces support to replace the DBSi system after feedback that many of the other software vendor systems are faltering.
Ending of CAT Support.
In April 2008, Caterpillar announced a change in vision.
In developing the new DBSi System Strategy, multiple areas were considered such as:
With this accomplished, consensus from all parties involved resulted in the completion of a new DBSi System Strategy. Together, it was concluded that systems from outside providers such as Microsoft, Lawson and SAP could meet Caterpillar dealers needs and that continued investments in DBSi to compete with these systems is no longer a viable option for either Caterpillar or the dealers. Since this time Accenture has taken over development of DBS / DBSi.
This application runs on AS/400 mainframe machines locally in dealers' data centers and connect to CAT systems to place orders.
28, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="9893338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893338" title="Port Moresby Stock Exchange">
Port Moresby Stock Exchange

Port Moresby Stock Exchange is the principal stock exchange of Papua New Guinea. It is located in Port Moresby and it was founded in 1999. Its name is abbreviated to "POMSoX"
At the time of its founding POMSox was funded by the Bank of Papua New Guinea, which is the central bank of Papua New Guinea.
According to POMSoX's website, "POMSoX is closely aligned to the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX). The ASX has licensed to POMSoX its Business and Listing Rules. POMSoX procedures are a mirror image of the ASX."

</doc>
<doc id="9893353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893353" title="World's on Fire">
World's on Fire

"World's on Fire" is a song and third single from the album Cultura by Gibraltarian Flamenco Metal band Breed 77. This was their first ever DVD release and just failed to hit the UK Top 40 by a small margin, securing a spot at number 43. However, it topped the official BBC Rock Chart at number 1.
The CD single also featured the debut of a brand new song; "Tomorrow".
Track 1 written by Paul Isola, Danny Felice & Pedro Caparros. Track 2 (CD) written by Breed 77. Track 2 (DVD + Vinyl) written by Pete Chichone, Paul Isola & Danny Felice.
The line-up for this single consisted of: Paul Isola, Danny Felice, Stuart Cavilla, Pete Chichone and Pedro Caparros.
Track listing.
</tr></table>

</doc>
<doc id="9893355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893355" title="Technomage (disambiguation)">
Technomage (disambiguation)

Technomage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9893365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893365" title="Roosevelt Street Ferry">
Roosevelt Street Ferry

The Roosevelt Street Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City, United States, joining Roosevelt Street (Manhattan) and Broadway (Brooklyn) across the East River.
History.
The ferry was established on April 30, 1853, between Roosevelt Street and Bridge Street in Downtown Brooklyn. Being unable to compete with the one-cent fare adopted by the Brooklyn Union Ferry Company in November 1850, it was sold to the new Union Ferry Company of Brooklyn (the successor to the Brooklyn Union) in December 1853.
George Law's Brooklyn Ferry Company introduced a ferry between James Slip and South Tenth Street in Williamsburg on May 4, 1857. Effective March 28, 1859, the Brooklyn landing of the ferry was moved from South Tenth Street to Broadway, where the company's Division Avenue Ferry landed.
The Union Ferry Company stopped running the Roosevelt Street-Bridge Street route in 1859, and sold the Roosevelt Slip to the Brooklyn Ferry Company, which moved its Broadway-James Slip ferry to Roosevelt later that year. In early 1860, the Brooklyn Ferry Company and the Long Island Ferry Company (Peck Slip Ferry) agreed to consolidate operations, and the Peck Slip route was abandoned in late 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="9893373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893373" title="Tina Rättyä">
Tina Rättyä

Tina Maria Rättyä (born 12 November 1968 in Jakobstad, Ostrobothnia) is a retired Finnish heptathlete, who was nicknamed "Tinuli". She is the cousin of Susann Sundqvist.
She finished thirteenth at the 1991 World Championships and the 1993 World Championships, tenth at the 1994 European Indoor Championships, eighth at the 1994 European Championships and sixteenth at the 1995 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9893375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893375" title="Drosopigi, Florina">
Drosopigi, Florina

Drosopigi (, before 1928: Μπελκαμένη - "Belkameni"; Arvanitika: Бελκαμενι, "Belkameni"; ; from the Slavic: "Bel Kamen", meaning "White Rock") is a village in Macedonia, Greece. It lies in the central part of Florina regional unit, as part of the Perasma municipal unit. The village's year round population is estimated at 225 people, but in the summer it grows to nearly 400. In the surrounding area many other villages can be found, including Flambouro, Skopia, Kato Idroussa, and Ano Idroussa. The Village of Drosopigi lies on eastward slope of Mount Bitsi at an elevation of 1050 meters approximately 13 km from Florina.
The Old Village.
The original village, known as Belkamen or Belkameni, was beautiful with walkways paved in cobblestone, archways made from granite and beautiful gardens decorated with flowers and water fountains. A French soldier, who came to the village during World War I, would call the village "Petit Paris", translated "Little Paris". The original village was established in 1843 by villagers (mostly masons and other tradesmen) who came from Plikati and other villages from Mastorochoria (a region around Mt. Gramos) in Epirus. To the outside world, the villagers were known as Arvanites, as most of them spoke Arvanitika. Many of the villagers were actually multi-lingual, speaking some permutation of Arvanitika, Aromanian, and Greek. They settled in an area of West Macedonia that was almost exclusively populated by Slavs. There are now three villages in the area that were settled by Arvanites. They are Drosopigi, Flampouro, and Lechovo. In 1842, leading families from Plikati, Epirus purchased the land and forest after negotiating with Osman Ismael Pasha, the Bey from Florina. The general area was known as Balkmen (). As a result, the original village came to be known as Belkameni. From 1843 to 1926 the village name would remain Belkameni and from 1926 until present as Drosopigi. Of course some people still referred to it as Belkameni and the people as Arnaouts. Upon the purchase of the plot of land the people started to build enormous houses made from the materials in the surrounding area. The village inhabited many families. The total population at 1900 had reached 1,500.
Life in the Old Village.
Life for the villagers of Drosopigi was very difficult at times. The village was built on the side of the mountain so it could be hidden from the Ottoman Turks. Many of these villagers had massive gardens on which they grew their crops. These included potatoes, carrots, lettuce and other varieties of crops. The sun only hit the village a certain time of day, which made the production of prosperous crops a tremendous challenge. During the late 19th century, many men from the village went to the Kingdom of Romania to work, make money, and bring it back with them. As many other men did, Nikolaos Manou and Vasilios Dedes worked in Romania, were very prosperous, and sent great amounts of money back to the village for their families.
With the establishment of the Socialist Republic of Romania these men lost everything they had in the Romanian banks. One man said “I had so much money that even you great grand children did not have to work.” Many families suffered from that loss.
The village itself was a mini city. Holidays like Easter, Christmas were great events for the villagers as was Agia Triada, a special celebration to honor the village church. Agia Triada was celebrated forty days after Easter, over the span of three days, and is an event that is celebrated to this day in modern Drosopigi.
Historical Significance of Belkameni.
The Village of Belkameni was one of the very first villages in its area to have underground tunnels for the Greek Revolutionaries during the Greek Struggle for Macedonia (). Many great revolutionaries stopped at Belkameni as place to heal, rest, or hide. The Hellenic Army leader who most symbolized the Macedonian Struggle, Pavlos Melas, other army leaders, and their troops, used these underground tunnels for a quick escape from their enemies.
The Burning of the Old Village.
When the World War II hit Europe, Greece suffered a lot, as did Drosopigi. In the Battle of Greece (6–30 April 1941), the country faced three Axis powers: Nazi Germany, the Kingdom of Italy and the Kingdom of Bulgaria. Their alliance won the conflict and established an Axis occupation of Greece. They divided Greece into occupation zones. Drosopigi was included in the German occupation zone. On April 3, 1944 the Germans sent a routine Wehrmacht patrol to the surrounding area of Drosopigi, outside the village itself. Local members of the Greek Resistance captured five soldiers and executed them - three of them were outside the village, one in the cemetery and one on the road (Kangeli) leading to the village. The women of the village went to where the Nazi soldiers were shot and cleaned up the blood. The people from the village took the dead bodies and hid them in fertilizer. The Germans quickly concluded that Drosopigi was the place where their soldiers went missing. They demanded an explanation from the villagers and they refused to say anything. Many, fearing reprisals, fled Drosopigi. The men went hiding in the forest and most of the women and children went to Elatia, a small village near Drosopigi. When the Germans arrived seeking retribution they found mostly old people. They killed one elderly lady and one male. On April 4, 1944 the village of Drosopigi was burned by the Germans in reprisal.
Following the German devastation of Drosopigi, the people of the village set out to rebuild it to its original glory. From April 1944 until April 1947 the villagers would be rebuilding. The end of World War II was followed in Greece by the Greek Civil War between the Democratic Army of Greece and the Hellenic Army. In the first stages of the civil war many communist-led guerrillas stopped at the village as a hiding place. On April 7, 1947, the Greek government under Dimitrios Maximos adopted a policy of forced relocation for certain villages that were strategic for the guerrillas, and ordered the inhabitants of Drosopigi to gather their belongings and to vacate the village. It was decided to move most of the inhabitants to the village of Skopia, Florina.
The Great Move.
After the Greek Government adopted a policy of forced relocation of certain villages, the National Army of Greece,on April,1947, moved the villagers from Drosopigi to the village of Skopia were they would stay till late 1950/1951. By 1951, most villagers moved yet again to another village known as Kato Idroussa (Kotori). It was at this time that a final decision was made to build a new village at the current location of Drosopigi. Life at Skopia was very hard for everyone from Drosopigi. In Skopia, an entire family, often as many as 8 people, was assigned to one room to live in. Also constant conflict was going on in the mountains around Skopia between the two factions of the civil war. With Greece at this all-time-low, there was very little hope.
In Skopia many families received aid from the United States that originated from the Truman Doctrine, which would allow 100 million dollars in aid to go to Greece and Turkey. Families all across Greece received some sort of aid. In Skopia families received aid through food rations, clothing, and other important items. During the Greek Civil War, many Greeks would lose their lives and many people from the village of Drosopigi fought on both sides. A total of eleven Drosopigites died in the Greek Civil War. On the National Army side 4 died including Evangelos Harisis (Εύαγγελος Χαρισης), Anastasios Harisis (Αναστάσιος Χαρισης), and Konstantinos Stathopoulos (Κωνσταντινος Σταθοπουλος) and Dimitios Theodorou (Δἠμἠτριος Θεοδῶρου). On the partisan side 7 died including Anastasios Styliades (Αναστάσιος Στυλιαδης), Antonis Zikos (Αντώνης Ζηκος), two brothers of the Nastou family (Δύο άδελφοί Νάστου), and Sotirs Theodorou ( Σωτηριος Θεοδώρου).
After a course of two years the people from the old village wanted to move on. From 1951 until 1952 many families started to build their new homes so they could have some sort of shelter to live in. As the new home construction finished, people began to move into the new village, and shortly thereafter it came to be known as the new Drosopigi. Many of the original families from the old village established themselves in the new village.
Drosopigi Present.
From the time the new Drosopigi was built(1951/1952) the people worked hard to make it beautiful but would not reach the beauty of the old village.
In the 1950s and 1960s a new era was coming about in Greece, it was the time of moving. Many families, because of economic conditions, from all around Greece started to emigrate, becoming part of the Greek diaspora. Individuals and families who emigrated from Drosopigi mostly went to the United States, Canada, West Germany, and Australia in search of a new life. Some went with the intention to make money and return, but many did not return to Greece and left their villages in their past.
At present, the city of Rochester, New York has the largest concentration of immigrants and families that trace their roots to Drosopigi. Many people still visit Drosopigi to this day and always keep it their hearts as many Drosopigiotes (people from Drosopigi) say. There are still people who live there but not as many as there were in 1900. The old village lies in ruins never to be touched. Family members long buried there have not been touched. The village that was once a mini city now lies in ruins and oversees the new village were the people of Drosopigi now live.
While Greek has been the primary language of Drosopigiotes for decades, Arvanitika and Aromanian are still spoken proudly by many of the older village residents. A study conducted in 1993, indicates that most villagers over 30 could speak Arvanitika and most villagers over 60 could speak Aromanian.
Drosopigi Society.
The Society was organized in the year 1951 by immigrants who came over from Drosopigi. These were among the first to settle in the Rochester area. The initial goal of the membership was to assist in the rebuilding of the town of Drosopigi that was completely destroyed during the War between the Germans and Civil War. Among the projects that were supported were the reconstruction of the public school and of the Church of the Αγια Τριας or in English the Holy Trinity. Another projects were to supply the village with water supply and electrical power. In addition, the members supported relatives and friends back home in Drosopigi through financial help and other types of aid. In Rochester, the Drosopigi Society has been and still is one of the most active community organizations within the Greek Community in Rochester. One strong quote from the Drosopigi people is as follows, ""What we inherited from our forefathers, we have given to our children and they are ready to hand it to their children so that they, in turn, will continue our customs and traditions into the future with zeal and enthusiasm.""
Till this day the society is very strong and hosts many special occasions such as Αγια Τριας one of the most important tradition held by the drospigiotes till this day. They also host Christmas Parties and Picnics to help bring together all the families of Drosopigi. They have assisted in successfully rebuilding the town of Drosopigi in Greece and still sends aid to help the village in the many projects which help make the village beautiful. The society also helps in many projects here in America such as contributing to the addition of new Mosaics in the Greek Orthodox Church of the Annunciation in Rochester New York. Today the Society is led by Δημητρη Καρρα (Dimitri Karras) and many other elected officials. The society also operates the Museum of Folklore and History (Drosopigi).
Notable people.
Spiro Bellkameni, activist of the Albanian National Awakening

</doc>
<doc id="9893424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893424" title="Shadows (Breed 77 song)">
Shadows (Breed 77 song)

"Shadows" is a song and single by Gibraltarian flamenco metal band Breed 77 which first appeared on the "Breed 77" album.
It was released in three different formats: a double A-side CD with an acoustic version of "Breaking the Silence"; an enhanced CD including the video and remixes; and a double A-side vinyl which features a "Metal Mix" of both "Shadows" and "A Matter of Time" (Cultura). "Shadows" just failed to reach the UK Top 40 by a small margin, attaining only number 42.
Track 1 & 2 (CDs) were written by Paul Isola, Danny Felice, Stuart Cavilla and Pete Chichone. Track 2 (vinyl) was written by Danny Felice, Paul Isola, Pedro Caparros and Stu Cavilla.
The line-up for this single consisted of Paul Isola, Danny Felice, Stuart Cavilla, Pete Chichone and Pedro Caparros.

</doc>
<doc id="9893442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893442" title="Bear Lake (Michigan)">
Bear Lake (Michigan)

Bear Lake is a small, freshwater lake in Kalkaska County, Michigan, United States. The lake has enhanced clarity due to springs that feed into it. Numerous "Tiki Bars" dot the shoreline, placed there by the surrounding homeowners. The lake has a public sandy beach.

</doc>
<doc id="9893448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893448" title="Art Wallace">
Art Wallace

Art Wallace was an American television writer best known for his work on the gothic soap opera "Dark Shadows". He began work in television in the 1940s, on the anthology series "Studio One" and "Kraft Television Theater". Over the years, Wallace wrote for "Tom Corbett, Space Cadet", "Combat!", "", and many other shows. The teleplay on which Dark Shadows was based was called "The House" and was an episode of the anthology series "Goodyear Playhouse" in 1957. When Dan Curtis had the idea for Dark Shadows, he offered the job of producer to Art Wallace, who declined the job. Wallace offered to write the show and recommended Robert Costello for the job of producer. In 1966, working with Dan Curtis he wrote the "bible" and first eight weeks' worth of early episodes of "Dark Shadows". He wrote the next nine weeks of shows alternating with film writer Francis Swann.
Wallace was also a story consultant for the soap opera "All My Children". His wife, Elizabeth Wallace, was a script writer on AMC during the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="9893457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9893457" title="Alive (Breed 77 song)">
Alive (Breed 77 song)

"Alive" is a song and single by Gibraltarian Flamenco Metal band Breed 77. It was released in CD single, limited red colour 7" vinyl and limited yellow colour 7" vinyl formats.
It reached a number 91 position in the general UK singles charts but achieved a New Rock Chart Entry at number 6 and a New Indie Singles Entry at number 11.

</doc>
