<doc id="9801378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801378" title="Tupelo Honey (song)">
Tupelo Honey (song)

"Tupelo Honey" is a popular song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison and the title song from his 1971 album, "Tupelo Honey". The title derives from an expensive, mild-tasting tupelo honey produced in the southeastern United States. Released as a single in 1972, it reached number 47 on the U.S. pop chart.
The melody, which has a catchy, soulful feel to it, was borrowed from Morrison's song "Crazy Love", released the previous year. This same melody was later used by Van Morrison on the song, "Why Must I Always Explain?", on his 1991 double album, "Hymns to the Silence". Morrison has played "Tupelo Honey" in a medley with both "Crazy Love" and "Why Must I Always Explain?" in concert.
Response.
In an Uncut review for the album, David Cavanagh remarks: "Building upwards from a gentle flute refrain, and then pushed forwards by mighty fills from jazz drummer Connie Kay who played on "Astral Weeks", 'Tupelo Honey' is sung by a man who has grabbed us by the lapels and won't let go until we understand precisely what he's experiencing. On an album where the vocals are exultant to say the least, this song sees Morrison use larynx, diaphragm, teeth and tongue to find new ways of enunciating the lines 'she's as sweet as Tupelo honey' and 'she's all right with me', seemingly in ever-increasing adoration."
Bob Dylan (who performed the song with Morrison during a concert tour in the 1990s) once remarked that "'Tupelo Honey' has always existed and that Morrison was merely the vessel and the earthly vehicle for it". The Allmusic reviewer commented (echoing Bob Dylan): "Morrison's lyrics, singing, and phrasing are so free and natural on the country-soul song that it is indeed hard to imagine that the song, and the original recording of 'Tupelo Honey', has not always been there."
Other releases.
A duet with Morrison and Brian Kennedy appears on the 1994 live album "A Night in San Francisco". Another duet with Bobby Bland is one of the tracks on the 2007 compilation album "The Best of Van Morrison Volume 3". In 2007, the original version of "Tupelo Honey" was remastered and included as one of the hits on Morrison's compilation album, "Still on Top - The Greatest Hits".
Morrison has released two filmed performances of the song: 
"Tupelo Honey" as performed in concert in 1979 was one of the songs on Morrison's first video "Van Morrison in Ireland" that was released In 1981.
A live performance from Morrison's 1980 appearance at the Montreux Jazz Festival is featured on the 2006 DVD "Live At Montreux 1980/1974"
Legacy.
"Tupelo Honey" is featured on the end credits of the 1997 movie "Ulee's Gold" starring Peter Fonda. On the sitcom Friends, Ross expresses that he thinks the song to be the most romantic ever.
Bruce Springsteen's "Racing in the Street" is influenced structurally by the Van Morrison song.
The female Asian elephant calf born to Tess on October 3, 2010, at the Houston Zoo was named Tupelo in honor of this song.

</doc>
<doc id="9801383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801383" title="Melissa Buhl">
Melissa Buhl

Melissa Buhl (born January 25, 1982) is an American professional downhill and mountain-cross racer who has been racing as pro since 1998. She was the 2005 USAC (USA Cycling) National Pro Downhill Champion and 2002 USAC National Pro Mountain Cross Champion, and 2008 4-X World Champion, NMBS DH Champion, NMBS 4-X Champion. She is currently sponsored by KHS Bicycles.
Achievements.
"Incomplete list"

</doc>
<doc id="9801385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801385" title="Serbian Cup">
Serbian Cup

The Serbian Cup is the national football cup of Serbia. For sponsorship reasons it was referred to as Lav Cup of Serbia from 2006 to 2010.
The winner of the competition gets a spot in the UEFA Europa League qualifying round.
Sponsorship.
The Serbian FA agreed the marketing rights with popular Serbian brewery from Čelarevo Carlsberg Srbija and cup was named after its main brand Lav pivo. The Carlsberg affiliate signed a deal to support the Serbian Cup for 4 years. The company will take out a sum of €1,000,000 which will be divided in four for every year of competition. That means that the awards annual budget is going to be €250,000. Along with the rewards from endorsements the winner of the Serbian Cup gets a spot in the UEFA Europa League if they are not already qualified through Serbian SuperLiga.
History.
Serbia's cup tournament is the legal successor to the Serbia and Montenegro Cup. This cup tournament lasted for four seasons up until the dissolution of the state union of Serbia and Montenegro in 2006. The tournament was dominated by Serbian clubs with no Montenegrin sides reaching the final. Belgrade giants Red Star were easily the most successful club reaching the final all four years winning twice and losing in the final the other two seasons. Surprisingly, Red Star's cross-town rival Partizan did not appear in a single final.
After Montenegro left the state union with Serbia in 2006 both football associations got to work on organizing a new tournament. The Football Association of Serbia formed a deal with Carlsberg affiliate Lav Beer and quickly formed the Lav Kup Srbije.
Trophy.
Before the tournament even began it was decided that Serbia's cup would have a new trophy and that the old one which was won by Red Star the year before would remain in its museum. However the association decided that the championship trophy would remain the same. To find a new trophy for the cup they decided to make a contest at Belgrade's Art College where students would each make one and then a trophy would be selected. The Serbian Football Association officials presented the new trophy of the National Cup competition on Monday December 11, 2006. Artist Mihajlo Mlinar defeated 50 other students in the contest held at Belgrade's Art College. The trophy which is heavily inspired by Orthodox Christianity as well as Serbian history was proclaimed as the perfect trophy for the biggest football competition in Serbia.
When the press asked Mlinar which club has his support, the 25-year-old answered that he simply never had a day of football training and that his only favorite is Serbia. Everybody present agreed that the student was the perfect candidate for making the trophy, and that he fully deserved the cash prize of 250,000 Serbian Dinars. Mlinar immediately became one of the most recognized faces across Belgrade. On May 15, 2007 at Partizan's stadium Red Star defeated Vojvodina to be the first ever Serbian Cup winner and the first team to lift the trophy that Mlinar created.
Cup Winners.
Note: The Serbian Cup has been derived from two defunct cup tournaments the first being the Yugoslav Cup and the other being the Serbia and Montenegro Cup. The 2006–07 season was the first one that Serbia has ever held as an independent football association. For a list of previous Serbian cup winners during those tournaments visit their respective pages.

</doc>
<doc id="9801392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801392" title="Sheldon Township, Iroquois County, Illinois">
Sheldon Township, Iroquois County, Illinois

Sheldon Township is one of twenty-six townships in Iroquois County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,374 and it contained 613 housing units. Sheldon Township was formed from Concord Township on February 19, 1868.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Sheldon Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9801413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801413" title="Mark Spoelstra">
Mark Spoelstra

Mark Warren Spoelstra (June 30, 1940 – February 25, 2007) was an American singer-songwriter and folk and blues guitarist.
He was born and raised in Kansas City, Missouri. He began his musical career in Los Angeles in his teens and migrated around to wind up in New York City in time to take part in the folk music revival of the early 1960s. He is best remembered for his activity in the Greenwich Village area. He performed with Bob Dylan soon after Dylan's arrival in New York City, was a contributor to Broadside Magazine and recorded a number of albums for Folkways Records and other labels.
Spoelstra was raised as a Quaker. His career was put on hold from 1963 to 1965, when he performed alternative service as a conscientious objector in Fresno, California. In the mid-1960s, he frequently performed at the Ash Grove in West Hollywood. It was here that he wrote most his best songs, including an album of country songs used as the sound-track for the movie "Electra Glide in Blue'.
In 1969, while living in Sonoma Country, Northern California, he formed the Frontier Constabulary with Mitch Greenhill and Mayne Smith. After Spoelstra left to resume his solo career in 1970, the band continued as the Frontier.
Spoelstra later settled near Modesto, where he lived until his death. Withdrawing from the touring life to raise a family, Spoelstra and his wife Sheri embraced Christianity. In the mid-1970s he became a minister and used his musical talents as a means to preach his spiritual messages. In the late 1970s, he recorded and released two albums of Gospel music, "Somehow I Always Knew" and "Comin' Back To Town".
Retiring from music in the early 1980s, he worked for a number of years as a tour bus driver in Yosemite National Park. Throughout this period in his life, Spoelstra remained in touch with his music. In 2001, he recorded an album entitled, "Out Of My Hands" for the Origin Jazz Library label; the first record he'd made in 20 years. The album is a mix of new songs written for the album and some of his old favorites. In his later years he returned to the stage to perform on a limited scale. He would perform until the summer of 2006 when illness forced him to stop. Several of his albums recorded for Elektra Records, long out of print, have been recently reissued. An album of Gospel songs recorded prior to his death is planned for release, according to his website. 
Spoelstra died from complications of pancreatic cancer at his home in Pioneer, California on February 25, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9801417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801417" title="Nangamangalam">
Nangamangalam

Nangamangalam is a village in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Location and accessibility.
The village is situated in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh and lies close to the Tamil Nadu border. The village has two parts / colonies separated by half a kilometer. One part of the village lies at the intersection of the Katpadi - Tirupati railway line and the Chennai - Mumbai National Highway (NH 4). The other part of the village lies near the Bommasamudram railway station. As a result, the village is well connected by road and rail to the nearby urban centers of Chittoor, Vellore and Katpadi. A number of buses that journey from the cities of Chennai and Vellore to Chittoor and Bangalore (and vice versa) stop at Nangamangalam. A few trains that journey from Katpadi to Tirupati and Chittoor (and vice versa) halt at the Bommasamudram railway station.
History.
The village supposedly came up around 500 years back when a few people belonging to Reddy community from Guntur and Nellore came and settled here, which was then an area under the rule of Bomminayaka, who ruled Vellore.
Administration.
The village comes under the Gudipala Mandal of Chittoor District and falls under the Chittoor assembly constituency and Chittoor parliamentary constituency.
Demographics.
The majority of the residents of the colony are Christians and speak Tamil. There is a church administered by the Vellore Diocese of the Church of South India. Residents in the other part of the village speak Telugu and are mostly Hindus.
The table below shows the demographic details of Nangamangalam.
Economy.
Agriculture is the main source of occupation and income for the villagers here. Sugarcane, Groundnut, Rice, Coconut etc... are cultivated. State Bank of India has a branch office in Nangamangalam with an ATM center. Few villagers are also employed in the nearby schools, colleges and in the few industries that have come up over the years. Over the years a number of villagers, especially those who are educated, have migrated to places where non-agrarian jobs are available more.
Surrounding regions.
The village is flanked by a few hills and hillocks. A sacred hillock named Zion Hill, housing a sacred Chapel, is situated near the village. It is known in the region for an annual Christian festivity that takes place in the month of may. The new building and campus for the Thiruvalluvar University was set up recently at a nearby village called Serkadu, which lies within the state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="9801421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801421" title="Réaux, Charente-Maritime">
Réaux, Charente-Maritime

Réaux is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9801424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801424" title="Belfast West (Assembly constituency)">
Belfast West (Assembly constituency)

Belfast West is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the Belfast West UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1973 to 1974, 1983 to 1986 and 2010-2011 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Belfast West (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from North Belfast. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. West Belfast elected 4 members as follows:
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The six members elected from West Belfast were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The six members elected from West Belfast were:
Elections.
Northern Ireland Assembly.
Note: All Republican Sinn Féin candidates appeared as Independent on the ballot paper
Note: David Kerr sought election as an Ulster Third Way candidate, and appeared as such on the ballot paper.
Note: Mary Cahillane was a Pro-Agreement Socialist
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.
1975 Constitutional Convention.
Note: John Laird, Jean Coulter and Edith Goligher were all UUUC endorsed candidates.
1973.
Note: John Laird, Hugh Smyth, Jean Coulter and William Spence used the label "West Belfast Loyalist Coalition" simultaneously whilst standing under different party affiliations.

</doc>
<doc id="9801429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801429" title="Pine River (Minnesota–Ontario)">
Pine River (Minnesota–Ontario)

The Pine River flows along the Minnesota-Ontario border a short distance, primarily within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and La Verendrye Provincial Park. From Gunflint Lake, the river flows north into Magnetic Lake and from there into Clove Lake and finally Granite Lake where it joins the Granite River. The Granite River then continues northward along the border into Saganaga Lake.
By portaging around rapids, the Pine River is navigable by canoe.

</doc>
<doc id="9801434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801434" title="Stockland Township, Iroquois County, Illinois">
Stockland Township, Iroquois County, Illinois

Stockland Township is one of twenty-six townships in Iroquois County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 243 and it contained 122 housing units. Stockland Township formed as Crab Apple Township in September 1864, but changed its name to Stockland Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Sugar Creek Chapel Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9801444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801444" title="Don't Ask, Don't Tell (Ugly Betty)">
Don't Ask, Don't Tell (Ugly Betty)

"Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is the 18th episode from the dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on March 22, 2007. The episode was co-written by Marco Pennette, Veronica Becker & Sarah Kucserka and directed by Tricia Brock. The episode's title is a play on the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy.
Plot.
In the wake of Claire Meade's arrest, the Suarezes find themselves dealing with the press coverage. The episode opens with a news reporter seeking to get a comment from Betty who, while trying to get away from the news cameras, runs directly into the wall of a bus shelter. Justin amuses himself by watching the footage repeatedly, which distinctly annoys Betty, who later expresses her guilt over Claire's arrest to Hilda.
At "MODE", the now released Bradford and Alexis finally face off, with Bradford firing his daughter. Later on, Bradford goes to see Claire to see how she is doing. Claire insists that she has been better while he tells her that he is here for her. Daniel later comes in and Claire informs them that she wants them to be a family again, including Alexis. Bradford is extremely uncomfortable with the idea until Claire tells her husband that he can’t fire Alexis, since he doesn’t own "MODE". She reminds him that while he is the owner of Meade Publications, she owns the rights to "MODE" and therefore Alexis stays.
Meanwhile, Marc's mother — to whom he has never disclosed his homosexuality — visits the office; she brings along her cat, Lady Buttons of Camelot. Amanda learns that after three years of willingly pretending to be Marc's girlfriend during such visits, she has been "dumped" "in absentia" because Marc wanted to escape his mother's pressure to move on to marriage. Amanda gets angry and storms off, yelling to Marc that she will be the best 'pretend girlfriend' he has ever had.
Hours later, Betty tells Daniel that it may be a good thing that he and Alexis work side by side, but Daniel informs her that it was never easy working directly beside Alex, because he always had to come out on top. Daniel and Alexis later meet with Wilhelmina to inform her that they are both Editors-in-Chief at "MODE" and inform Wilhelmina that she is still the creative director. When he begins to claim what duties he will handle, Alexis interrupts and insists that she doesn’t want anything to do with the business. After Daniel leaves the room, Wilhelmina rushes over to Alexis and tells her that she has to take what belongs to her and that she can’t leave "MODE", then volunteers her office. Marc then panics when Wilhelmina drags him down to their new office and tells him it is only temporary—just long enough for Alexis and Daniel to push each other out.
Marc gets a text message on his cell phone informing him that his mother is in the building. Marc’s mother, Jean, stops at the desk to see Amanda and tells her that she can’t believe how she broke her little boy’s heart with all of her drug and sex addictions. An incensed Amanda then notices Betty walking down the hall, pulls her over to the desk and vengefully tells Jean that Betty is Marc's new girlfriend. Betty laughs, but before she is able to mention that Marc is gay, Marc cuts Betty off in mid-sentence by kissing her on the lips (with Amanda in the background pretending to vomit). Marc then rushes to the bathroom and washes out his mouth in disgust. Betty is stunned by Marc's deceit, but when he begs her to help him, she agrees to play along. Back at the desk Amanda notices Betty’s cell phone is ringing, and when she sees it is Ignacio on the phone, Amanda cruelly tells Mrs. Wiener that she should answer and initiate a chat about Betty and Marc's relationship. Moments later Amanda joyfully rushes over to tell Marc and Betty the news that they have dinner plans with Betty’s family. Marc then tells Betty that if she helps him, he will tell her important information that will help save Daniel’s job.
Betty later rushes to see Daniel and tells him Alexis is planning to take over the company and push him out, prompting Daniel to go see Alexis, who then tells him they should try working together. Daniel insists he is not just her kid brother anymore and she can’t push him around, but Alexis tells him they are in this 50/50. So Daniel agrees and instructs her to have her "letter from the editor" ready by noon tomorrow, so they can print them side by side. When he leaves, she calls in her new assistant, Nick, and orders him to cancel his plans for tonight because they have to get their work completed by midnight, informing him Daniel is crazy if he thinks she is going to share anything with him. Alexis has a major photo shoot and sends her pictures in to be on the next cover of "MODE". Wilhelmina is pleased with this scheme, saying this is too easy. Alexis tells them Daniel isn’t going to know what hit him and rushes out the door.
In another corner of the building, Marc and Betty are working hard at memorizing personal information about each other, until Betty gets distracted by Henry, who comes over to drop off the mail. After Henry mumbles the answers to the personal questions concerning Betty — all of which Marc had failed — Henry leaves. Betty goes to see Daniel and tells him his "letter from the editor" needs to be his own statement about the Meade family instead of about shoes, then rushes home to fix dinner.
Marc, Jean and Buttons the cat — demoted from royalty after finishing poorly in a show that afternoon — arrive at the Suarez household for dinner. Hilda jokingly insists to Marc that she "wouldn’t have missed this evening for the world." As everyone struggles to make conversation during the dinner, Betty focuses the conversation on Jean and her cats. Jean then brings up Marc’s old roommate and friend, Chuck; while Jean is shown to be oblivious to clues that Chuck had actually been Marc's boyfriend, Marc quickly insists that they weren’t that close. Hilda and Ignacio make numerous comments hinting to homosexuality and giggle at the situation. Things get a little too intense and Betty excuses them to her room, informing Marc that he is a grown man and needs to tell his mother the truth. Marc insists that if tells her the truth now it will ruin things, but Betty assures him that it is the right thing to do, and that it will make their relationship better. Justin arrives and complains to everyone that his father took him out for fast food when he is trying his best to watch points for swim suit season, before showing off his "Free Claire Meade" t-shirt, saying that he won't rest until Claire is free. When Buttons notices the door open and runs out, Ignacio runs after her and sets the alarm off on his ankle tag. Jean sits in shock at all that is going on around her. The doorbell then rings and Daniel enters the room, and when Jean asks who he is, Justin tells her that Daniel is Betty’s ex-boyfriend.
Around the same time, Wilhelmina goes to see Claire in the hospital and tells her she is worried about the business because Daniel and Alexis are going to kill each other. She suggests she get her attorney to draw up a power of attorney so she can keep things running smoothly. But Claire informs Wilhelmina that only a Meade will run the company from now on. Wilhelmina then holds a bottle of liquor in front of Claire's face, which Claire stoically resists. Wilhelmina puts a glass of liquor right on the table in front of Claire, who is handcuffed to the bed. When she leaves, Claire tries to reach it, but fails.
Daniel phones Betty to tell her he has finished the editor's letter and wants her to proof it. She informs him that she is proud of him and that she will submit it in time for the printers. After Daniel hangs up, Marc walks in to see what is keeping Betty so long, then informs her that she needn't worry about the letter since Alexis has already sent the issue to print. In shock, Betty tells Marc she must notify Daniel immediately. She slams the door leaving Marc all alone there with his mother and her family. Betty catches up to Daniel and they rush off to stop the press.
As Marc and Jean gather their things to leave Betty's house, he informs her he is breaking up with Betty. She is thrilled to hear this and starts criticizing all the Suarez family until Justin runs by, saying in a sing-song voice "Golden Girls marathon." Jean tells Marc she doesn’t even know what "that" is, that Justin is so "swishy." Marc becomes furious and tells his mother to shut up. This momentarily silences her, and Marc informs her that these people have done a really nice thing for him tonight and informs her that she is practically calling her own son "swishy" when she talks that way about Justin. She warns him not to say any more but Marc tells her to open her eyes and see him for what he really is. Jean says she'd better leave, but Marc blocks the door, saying he may never be this brave again. He tells her that he loves her, but if she wants to get to know the real him, she'll have to get to know him as he is. Jean looks at her son and tells him that if this is the lifestyle he's chosen, and if this is the real him, then she doesn’t want to know him. She opens the door and leaves the Suarez house and sarcastically instructs him to thank them for a "lovely" evening.
Alexis sees Daniel and Betty running down the street to the printers and as they sprint side by side toward the entrance, Alexis wins in the end. Daniel later runs into Betty at a bar and tells her that if Alexis wants the company, then she can have it and he will be only too glad to return to his old lifestyle of partying and unemployment. Meanwhile Wilhelmina sits in her office and thinks of a plan, so she reaches down and scratches out her own last name on her stationery and writes Meade in its place, then dolls up and heads over to see Bradford, where she offers him a little dinner and some company.
Betty arrives back home and finds Marc sitting alone on her front porch. He tells her that his mother left when he told her the truth. Betty tells him she has learned that it is not always family that loves you the most, but that sometimes it is the family we make for ourselves. Marc tells her fondly that she will always be his "Little Chimichanga" and then leaves to go home while Betty sits alone to read the letter that Daniel wrote, in which he talks about how happy he is to have Alexis back with him and that his family is finally coming together. Betty then goes inside and spends time with her family.
Production.
Marc and his mother have different last names. In Fake Plastic Snow we learned that Marc's last name is St. James, but in this episode his mother's last name was Weiner, which means that this is also Marc's real last name. However that reason behind Marc's last name being changed was edited out when "Don't Ask" aired. In the deleted scene, Betty asks Marc: "Your real (last) name is Weiner?" Marc answers: "I had to change it. A gay kid named Weiner? I wanted to beat myself up." The idea for Marc to come out to his mother was both actor Michael Urie (Marc St. James) and America Ferrera's idea.
In a bonus feature from the season one DVD, the scene where Betty bumps into a bus shelter is actually a green screen with the outside setting digitized.
Ashley Jensen (Christina) doesn't appear in this episode. Also, this episode introduces Max Greenfield to the cast as Nick Pepper.
This episode makes references to properties with connections to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries: "Golden Girls", "Cinderella" (Which Henry claims is Betty's favorite character and movie), "Mulan", "She's All That" and "High School Musical" (Which is Marc's favorite musical).
Awards.
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell" was submitted for consideration in the category of "Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series" for the 2007 Emmy Awards. In addition, Vanessa L. Williams submitted this episode for consideration in the category of "Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series" on her behalf. Mark Indelicato and Michael Urie also chose this episode respectively to submit for consideration of their work in the category of "Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series," while Patti Lupone submitted this episode as her entry in the category of "Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series".
Music notes.
The song "Boys Wanna Be Her" by Peaches is played during Alexis's photo shoot. The song heard at the end of this episode is "Orange Sky" by Alexi Murdoch.
Reception.
The episode was well-received because of Michael Urie's character. Notes Entertainment Weekly's Tanner Stransky: "Looks like my Betty wish came true. In my TV Watch last week, I pined for more focus on the supporting characters, and — voila! — an episode centered on Marc, his sexuality, and how he hasn't come out to his in-your-face, overbearing mother. Plus, some nice support from Amanda. And a bit from his "girlfriend" Betty, too. Simply awesome. And we were treated to Claire in the hospital, Willy hatching more ways to take over Mode (including an attempt to seduce Bradford!), and some always awkward conversation between Henry and Betty. Double awesome. All around, another great episode."

</doc>
<doc id="9801461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801461" title="McArthur River Mine Airport">
McArthur River Mine Airport

McArthur River Mine Airport is an airport south of the McArthur River Mine townsite, Northern Territory, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9801479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801479" title="Ermengol V, Count of Urgell">
Ermengol V, Count of Urgell

Ermengol (or Armengol) V (1078–1102), called "El de Mollerussa" ("He of Mollerussa"), was the Count of Urgell from 1092 to his death. He was the son of Ermengol IV and his first wife, Lucy of La Marche.
He passed the majority of his life in Castile, where he met and married María Ansúrez, daughter of Pedro Ansúrez, lord of Valladolid, in 1095. During his long absences in Castile, he left the government of Urgell to Guerau II of Cabrera. He died young of unknown causes, but certainly as the result of Moorish reprisals following the first ephemeral Christian reconquest of Trenton in 1101. He died at León.
His children were:

</doc>
<doc id="9801480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801480" title="List of historic ranches in British Columbia">
List of historic ranches in British Columbia


</doc>
<doc id="9801489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801489" title="Saint-Germain-de-Lusignan">
Saint-Germain-de-Lusignan

Saint-Germain-de-Lusignan is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.
Geography.
The river Seugne flows northwest through the commune.

</doc>
<doc id="9801523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801523" title="Repressilator">
Repressilator

The repressilator is a synthetic genetic regulatory network reported in a paper by Michael Elowitz and Stanislas Leibler. This network was designed from scratch to exhibit a stable oscillation which is reported via the expression of green fluorescent protein, and hence acts like an electrical oscillator system with fixed time periods. The network was implemented in "Escherichia coli" using standard molecular biology methods and observations were performed that verify that the engineered colonies do indeed exhibit the desired oscillatory behavior.
Design.
The repressilator consists of three genes connected in a feedback loop, such that each gene represses the next gene in the loop, and is repressed by the previous gene. In addition, green fluorescent protein is used as a reporter so that the behavior of the network can be observed using fluorescence microscopy.
The design of the repressilator was guided by two simple mathematical models, one continuous and deterministic and the other discrete and stochastic.
These models were analyzed to determine the values for the various rates which would yield a sustained oscillation. It was found that these oscillations were favoured by strong promoters coupled to efficient ribosome binding sites, tight transcriptional repression (low 'leakiness'), cooperative repression characteristics, and comparable protein and mRNA decay rates.
This analysis motivated two design features which were engineered into the genes:
First, to decrease leakiness the promoter regions were replaced with a tighter hybrid promoter which combined the λ PL promoter with LacL and TetR operator sequences.
Second, to reduce the disparity between the lifetimes of the repressor proteins and the mRNAs, a carboxy terminal tag based on the ssRA RNA sequence was added at the 3' end of each repressor gene. This tag is recognized by proteases which target the protein for degradation.
Implementation.
The design was implemented using a low copy plasmid encoding the repressilator, and the higher copy reporter, which were used to transform a culture of "Escherichia coli".
Observations.
To study the behavior of the repressilator single cells were isolated and the resulting colonies were observed over time using fluorescence microscopy. Observations were limited by the fact that the colonies entered a stationary phase after about 10 hours and approximately 5 oscillations.
Conclusion.
The repressilator is a milestone of synthetic biology which shows that genetic regulatory networks which perform a novel desired function can be designed and implemented. Further, this experiment gives new appreciation to the circadian clock found in many organisms, as they perform much more robustly than the repressilator.

</doc>
<doc id="9801528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801528" title="Alessandro Turchi">
Alessandro Turchi

Alessandro Turchi (1578 – 22 January 1649) was an Italian painter of the early Baroque, born and active mainly in Verona, and moving late in life to Rome. He also went by the name Alessandro Veronese or the nickname "L'Orbetto".
Turchi initially trained with Felice Riccio ("il Brusasorci") in Verona. By 1603, he is already working as independent painter, and in 1606-1609, Turchi paints the organ shutters for the Filarmonica Academy of Verona. When Brusasorci dies in 1605, Turchi and his fellow painter Pasquale Ottino complete a series of their deceased master's canvases. In 1610, he completes an "Assumption" altarpiece for the church of San Luca of Verona. In 1612, the Veronese Guild of the Goldsmiths commissions from Turchi an altarpiece, today lost, of the "Madonna and Saints". On leaving the school of Riccio, he went to Venice, where he worked for a time under Carlo Cagliari.
By 1616, Turchi travels to Rome and participates in the fresco decoration ("Gathering of Manna") of the Sala Reggia of the Quirinal Palace, and painting a "Christ, Magdalen, and Angels" for cardinal Scipione Borghese. In competition with Andrea Sacchi and Pietro da Cortona, he painted some pictures in the church of Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini. In 1619, he sends an altarpiece of the "40 martyrs" for the Chapel of the Innocents in Santo Stefano of Verona, to hang next to paintings by Pasquale Ottino and Marcantonio Bassetti. He also painted a "Flight into Egypt" for the church of San Romualdo; a "Holy Family" for S. Lorenzo in Lucina; and a "S. Carlo Borromeo" in S. Salvatore in Lauro. He was much employed on cabinet pictures, representing historical subjects, which he frequently painted on black marble. Among his pupils, Giovanni Ceschini and Giovanni Battista Rossi (il Gobbino), practiced in Verona, the former painting copies of his master's works, which were often taken for originals. 
For the Count Giangiacomo Giusti, in 1620 he paints an "Allegory of Fame between Mercury and Pallas Athena" and three canvases of "Faith", "Hope", and "Charity". In 1621 executes for French cardinal François de Sourdis the "Resurrection of Christ", now in the cathedral of Sant'Andrea of Bordeaux, and sends the "Adoration of the Magi" for the Gherardini family in Verona. By 1621, he had completed a painting of "San Carlo Borromeo and the Madonna in Glory" for San Salvatore in Lauro in Rome. Documents from 1629, indicate Turchi was paid 110 scudi for painting "St. Anthony of Padua" for the Farnese Palace at Caprarola. In 1632, an inventory of the Palazzo Mattei di Giove, records a "Saint Marta and Maria Madalena" and a "Samaritan Women" by Turchi. There is a painting titled "Hope" by Turchi in the Detroit Institute of Art.
His sister married Giacinto Gimignani. In 1623, Turchi married Lucia San Giuliano. In 1637, with the sponsorship of the cardinal Francesco Barberini, he became Principe or director of the Accademia di San Luca. In 1638, he joined the papal guild of artists, called the Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon. He died in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="9801536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801536" title="Mouth to mouth">
Mouth to mouth

Mouth to mouth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9801543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801543" title="Saint-Martial-de-Vitaterne">
Saint-Martial-de-Vitaterne

Saint-Martial-de-Vitaterne is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9801551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801551" title="Morningside Drive (band)">
Morningside Drive (band)

Morningside Drive was one of the top disco bands of Long Island, New York and the tri-state area between 1971 and 1979, playing at such popular nightclubs as Copperfield's, The 1890s Club of Baldwin, and The Winner's Circle in Westbury. It was among several bands, including the ST-4 and The Trammps, to popularize the dance craze. Between 1975 and 1976 the band recorded and released their most popular songs, "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" and "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore" (both covers). An album was recorded in 1977, but was never released.
In January 2006, the six original members reunited for the first time at The Winner's Circle, and have since done several additional reunions at various clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="9801579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801579" title="Think Pink">
Think Pink

Think Pink is the 1970 debut album by English psychedelic musician Twink. It was produced by Mick Farren and featured members of The Pretty Things, The Deviants, plus Steve Peregrin Took of Tyrannosaurus Rex. It was released on Polydor Records in the UK and Sire Records in the US.
The track "Fluid" was sampled by duo Gnarls Barkley on their track "Would Be Killer" from the hit album "The Odd Couple".
Track listing.
All songs written by Twink, except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="9801596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801596" title="Meekatharra Airport">
Meekatharra Airport

Meekatharra Airport is an airport in Meekatharra, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9801597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801597" title="Saint-Maurice-de-Tavernole">
Saint-Maurice-de-Tavernole

Saint-Maurice-de-Tavernole is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9801613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801613" title="1878 in Australia">
1878 in Australia

Incumbents.
Governors.
Governors of the Australian colonies:
Premiers.
Premiers of the Australian colonies:

</doc>
<doc id="9801624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801624" title="Cleko">
Cleko

A cleko, also spelled cleco, is a fastener developed by the Cleveland Pneumatic Tool Company. Widely used in the manufacture and repair of aluminum-skinned aircraft, it is used to temporarily fasten multiple sheets of material together before the pieces are permanently joined.
Fastener and Tool.
The basic type consists of a steel cylinder body, a plunger on the top, a spring, a pair of step-cut locks, and a spreader bar. A special type of pliers are used to push in the spring-loaded plunger. This pushes down on the step-cut locks, which pushes them away from the spreader bars and allows them to come together. This allows the user to slip the locking jaws through a hole made through multiple sheets of material. When the plunger is released the spring pulls the locking jaws back towards the spreader bar, which separates the two jaws. The material sheets are then squeezed in between the step-cut area and the steel cylinder. This keeps the holes in the separate sheets aligned. 
Design variations.
Cleko-type fasteners are also available with a threaded mechanism to draw the spreader bar up. Clekos of this type take more time to install and remove, but can be made much tighter than the spring-type clekos. They are commonly available with a wingnut for hand tightening, or with a simple hex nut so that they may be spaced more closely together. In either case they will usually have a hexagonal body that may be better gripped to tighten or release the spreader bar.
Sizes and Colour-coding.
Regardless of their form, they are typically colour-coded for ready identification of their size. 
The most common types of Cleco fasteners are plier operated, wing nut, cylindrical body and hex nut.

</doc>
<doc id="9801626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801626" title="The Store">
The Store

The Store is a 1932 novel by Thomas Sigismund Stribling. It won the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1933. It is the second book of the "Vaidan" trilogy, comprising "The Forge", "The Store", and "Unfinished Cathedral". All three books in the trilogy have been kept in print since the mid-1980s by the University of Alabama Press.
Introduction.
Where "The Forge" opened up at the beginning of the American Civil War and ended with the abolition of slavery, "The Store" picks up with the South establishing a new economic order.
Plot summary.
Colonel Miltiades Vaiden, a decorated Civil War Confederate officer, former overseer of Crowninshield plantation and head of local KKK chapter, personal and economic trials and tribulations during the Reconstruction period. The title, "The Store", is symbolic of Col. Milt's ethical and economic transition from post war poverty to economic independence, set against the "old plantation" culture. The novel describes in blunt language, the cultural stress the old plantation society and former slaves have in adjusting to the post war reconstruction. 

</doc>
<doc id="9801646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801646" title="Hongjun Laozu">
Hongjun Laozu

Hongjun Laozu () lit. "Ancestor of the Great Balance" is a deity in Chinese folk religion and Taoism, patriarch of the Three Pure Ones in Taoist mythology. "Hongjun" 鴻鈞 is a graphic variant of "hungjun" () "primordial nature", as used in the Chinese idiom "Xian you hongjun hou you tian" 先有鸿钧后有天 "First there was Nature and then there was Heaven".
Daoists mythologize Hongjun Laozu as the ancestor of "xian" "trancendents; immortals" (Werner 1922:133-134) and use the honorific name Hongyuan Laozu () "Great Primal Ancestor". In Chinese creation myths, "hongyuan" 鸿元 or 洪元 is a cosmological term for "the universe before the separation of heaven and earth".
Some myths about the creator Pangu (Werner 1922:128-130) refer to Hongjun Laozu as Xuanxuan Shangren () "Mystery of Mysteries Saint" (a reference to the "Daodejing" 1, tr. Mair 1990:59, "Mystery or mysteries, the gate of all wonders!").
Myth.
Hongjun Laozu was the monk who is told about in the myth of Chinese New Year. He was the person who captured Nian, the great beast that terrorised the people of China every Chinese New Year.
Every Chinese New Year was a time of suffering and fear for the people of China because of Nian, the great beast. One Chinese New Year's Eve, the monk, Hongjun Laozu, came to a village in China. He saw how everyone looked sad and frightened, so he went to a young man and said "Why are you so sad? It is Chinese New Year, a time for celebration." The man replied "Do you not know? Have you not heard about Nian? He comes every New Year and terrorises us, even eats us." The monk said "I will go and reason with Nian." So off he went, to find Nian.
When Hongjun Laozu came to Nian, he said "Nian, I have come to reason with you. Stop eating and terrorising the people of China." But Nian Said "Haha. You have delivered yourself to me, old man, so now I will eat you." The man replied, "Oh, but what will that prove? Eating me isn't great! Would you dare to eat the poisonous snakes on the mountains?" "Bah! What's so difficult about that?" So Nian went to the poisonous snakes and ate them up. "How is this? Am I not great?" "At the back of the mountain there are many great beasts. Can you subdue them?" So Nian went and scared all of the dangerous beasts out of the back of the mountain.
"Old man, now its time for me to eat you!" "Sure, but just wait while I take my clothes off, I will taste much better then". So the old man took his clothes off to reveal his undergarments, which were red. "OK, you can eat me now." But Nian said "Ah! a red undergarment! I dearly hate red, get out of my sight quickly." "Haha! I knew you were afraid of red!" The old man went into the town on top of Nian and said "Dear villagers, do not be afraid. Nian is most terrified of red. From now on each house must paste red on each of their doors to prevent Nian creating havoc."
After that, the people started to paste red paper on their front doors before New Year's Day.

</doc>
<doc id="9801655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801655" title="Saint-Médard, Charente-Maritime">
Saint-Médard, Charente-Maritime

Saint-Médard is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.
Geography.
The village lies on the right bank of the Seugne, which flows northwest through the western part of the commune.

</doc>
<doc id="9801670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801670" title="George Tomeh">
George Tomeh

George J. Tomeh () (born 1922 in Damascus, Syria - 2004) is an author, diplomat, and spokesman of the Arab cause in the United States.
Education.
Dr.Tomeh obtained a master of arts degree from the American University of Beirut and a doctorate from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
Career.
Diplomat.
Since 1945, Dr.Tomeh represented the Syrian government in various capacities. Dr.Tomeh began his diplomatic career at the Syrian Embassy in London. He later served as Consul General of the United Arab Republic (Syria and Egypt) in New York. Finally, he was appointed as Permanent Representative (Ambassador) of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations. At the United Nations, Tomeh was a member of the committees dealing with the definition of aggression, decolonization and apartheid. In November 1970, he was the president of the Security Council. He was also appointed as minister of economics of the Syrian Government in 1964.
Educator.
In 1965, he was appinted professor of philosophy at the Syrian University. Dr. Tomeh was founding president (1988-1990) of University of Balamand in Lebanon where he was professor of philosophy and history as well. Aside from teaching Dr.Tomeh has written books in Arabic and in English.
Advisor.
Dr. Tomeh served as an advisor to the Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries (OAPEC) following his resignation from politics.

</doc>
<doc id="9801674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801674" title="Barnett Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Barnett Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Barnett Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 406 and it contained 198 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Barnett and McClimans.

</doc>
<doc id="9801691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801691" title="Someone like You (Van Morrison song)">
Someone like You (Van Morrison song)

"Someone Like You" is a popular, romantic ballad written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison and recorded on his 1987 album, "Poetic Champions Compose". It has become a wedding and movie classic and the song would subsequently furnish the framework for another of his most popular classics and love ballads, "Have I Told You Lately", that was released in 1989.
In 1987 the single charted at #28 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary in the U. S.
Recording.
"Someone Like You" was recorded in the summer of 1987 at Wool Hall Studios in Beckington with Mick Glossop as engineer.
Other releases.
This song was released again on two of Morrison's compilation albums in 2007. A remastered version has been included in the album, "Still on Top - The Greatest Hits" and it is one of the songs on Van Morrison's 2007 compilation album, "Van Morrison at the Movies - Soundtrack Hits'.
Covers.
"Someone Like You" is a popularly performed cover song, with the best-known versions by Dina Carroll, Vanessa L. Williams, Shawn Colvin and John Waite.

</doc>
<doc id="9801700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801700" title="Brant Hansen">
Brant Hansen

Brant Page Hansen (born October 11, 1969) is an American radio personality. He hosts the afternoon show on national Christian radio network Air 1.
Radio career.
Hansen graduated from the University of Illinois school of journalism in 1991. Hansen began his radio career as a talk radio host in his home state of Illinois. He left talk radio for contemporary Christian WBGL-FM in Champaign, IL. Hansen moved on to KSBJ-FM in Houston, Texas prior to joining WAY-FM, where he spent eight years as host of Mornings with Hansen. During his time at WAY, he won the Radio and Records Achievement Award for "Personality of the Year" in a Christian format. He also won a Radio Echo Award for "Personality of the Year" from Christian Music Broadcasters in 2008, and again in 2011 following his move to Air 1.
On June 29, 2011, he ended an eight year run of his Mornings With Brant show, nationally syndicated by WAY-FM. Since July 19, 2011, Hansen has been the afternoon show host on Air 1.
On July 3, 2014, Brant announced on his Facebook page that he resigned from Air1, and his last show will air on Monday, July 7, 2014. He said that he'll keep up his podcast and blog on branthansen.com, and has no idea what the future holds, as far as future jobs go.
Life.
Hansen has Asperger syndrome and nystagmus, conditions that have presented him with challenges in social situations. Hansen has stated that he finds these conditions exhausting, but also finds positive aspects to his circumstances. In an interview, he stated, "Let's face it: I'm in radio because I can't be seen. Asperger's makes for real honesty – and that can make arresting radio." 
Hansen is an outspoken Christian, and has been featured on the I Am Second website. He has blogged on multiple sites, and presently maintains a faith-related blog on Air 1's website. Hansen and his wife traveled to Kenya with Compassion International to meet the child they had been sponsoring. Hansen challenged 200 listeners to also become sponsors; over 300 did so. Hansen also traveled to Indonesia to assist with Tsunami relief efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="9801708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801708" title="Saint-Simon-de-Bordes">
Saint-Simon-de-Bordes

Saint-Simon-de-Bordes is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9801731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801731" title="Clintonia Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Clintonia Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Clintonia Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 7,832 and it contained 3,628 housing units. Clintonia Township changed its name from Clinton Township June 7, 1859.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.93%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these four cemeteries: Memorial Park, Oak Park, Weaver and Woodlawn.

</doc>
<doc id="9801743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801743" title="Vibrac, Charente-Maritime">
Vibrac, Charente-Maritime

Vibrac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.
Geography.
The highest point in the canton of Jonzac, elevation 109 m, is situated in the commune of Vibrac. The Seugne forms all of the commune's western border.

</doc>
<doc id="9801749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801749" title="Rivière-à-Pierre railway station">
Rivière-à-Pierre railway station

Rivière-à-Pierre railway station is located on Rue Principale (Main Street) in Rivière-à-Pierre, Quebec, Canada. It is a staffed Via Rail station.

</doc>
<doc id="9801774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801774" title="Creek Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Creek Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Creek Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 471 and it contained 206 housing units. The township contains the east half of Weldon Springs State Park.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 96.14%) is land and (or 3.86%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Lisenby and Rose.

</doc>
<doc id="9801782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801782" title="Chamber Made">
Chamber Made

Chamber Made Opera is an Australian production house for contemporary opera and music theatre. Formed in 1988 by theatre director and librettist Douglas Horton. It is Australia’s only full-time company exclusively devoted to the commissioning and presentation of music-theatre works by living artists. Since taking up the artistic directorship in 2010, David Young has commissioned and presented twelve new Australian operas, many of which were created as part of the company's "Living Room Opera" series.
Chamber Made Opera works with established artists and emerging professionals. The company also engages performers from different disciplines and non-traditional music and performance backgrounds. Their productions range from contemporary classical music theatre, through to cross art hybrid performance works. This range encompasses wide stylistic and ethnic diversity in music and music-makers.
The company has forged partnerships with the Victorian Opera, the Victorian Writers’ Centre, Bell Shakespeare, Rawcus, Malthouse Theatre, New Music Network, and the Australian Music Centre.
Living Room Operas.
From 2010, a series of domestic-scale chamber operas have been commissioned and developed for presentation in living rooms of residential houses.
The Living Room Opera Series involves artists and musicians from a range of styles and backgrounds. This series aims to give the audience new, chamber operas in close proximity.
In 2010 new works by composer Alex Garsden, Rawcus Theatre Company, and the Quiver Ensemble were commissioned and presented in a range of domestic settings with investment by individual donors. The Series represents a mobile and scalable model with support from private philanthropy.
Staff past and present.
Douglas Horton stepped down as Artistic Director in March 2009, after 21 years. In 2010 composer David Young was appointed the role of Artistic Director, a position he held until December 2013.
Past staff include General Managers Stephen Armstrong and Robina Burton, and the late Jacqui Everitt, designer. In 2008 the staff were Douglas Horton (Artistic Director), Kylie Trounson (Artistic Associate), Geoffrey Williams (General Manager), Erin Adams (Administrator), Brett Kelly (Musical Associate). In September 2008 the company announced the formation of their "National Artistic Directorate", composed of: Robyn Archer AO (SA), Gerard Brophy (QLD), Brett Dean (VIC), Matthew Lutton (WA), Caroline Stacey (ACT).
In 2014 Chamber Made Opera's staff are: Creative Director / CEO: Tim Stitz; Artistic Associate (The Venny): Sarah Kriegler; Artistic Associate (Performance): Tamara Saulwick; Artistic Associate (Digital): Christie Stott; Artistic Associate (Music): Erkki Veltheim; Finance Officer: Sally Goldner.
Productions.
"Only first productions are listed"

</doc>
<doc id="9801783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801783" title="Tomás Brady">
Tomás Brady

Tomás Brady (6 November 1987) is a Gaelic footballer and hurling player for Na Fianna and Dublin. 
Hurling.
Brady won the 2005 Leinster Minor Hurling Championship with Dublin in 2005. He went on to make his debut for the Dublin senior hurlers against Wexford in the Walsh Cup at Parnell Park in 2006. Brady represented Dublin at both U-21 hurling and Gaelic football level in 2006 and 2007. He won the Leinster Under-21 Hurling Championship with Dublin against Offaly in July 2007. It was Dublin's first Under-21 trophy since 1972. Brady won a National Hurling League title with Dublin in 2011. 
Football.
Brady switched codes in 2012 by announcing that he would be concentrating on inter-county football instead of hurling. He will work under the new Dublin manager Jim Gavin.
Brady's switch to football was described as "very disappointing" by the Dublin Senior Hurling manager Anthony Daly, but he wished him the best of luck in his future season with the senior footballers.
Brady ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament in June 2013 which ruled him out for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9801798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801798" title="Lamb in His Bosom">
Lamb in His Bosom

Lamb in His Bosom is a 1933 novel by Caroline Miller. It won the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1934. It also won the Prix Femina in 1934 and became an immediate best-seller. Many names and historical parts of this book were contributed by William Avery McIntosh, of Mt. Pleasant, Wayne County, Georgia. His only child, a daughter, is still living in Northeast Georgia.
External links.
The story of a poor white woman growing to maturity in the Pre-Civil War rural south. The personal and extended family struggles, and ups and downs of day-to-day living, in the rural culture. The author mastered the ability to express her thoughts with rural charm, naivety, with the vernacular dialect and cultural baiases intact. This novel might be considered as an addition to contemporary Women's Studies courses, as reminder of how far women have progressed in 150 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9801800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801800" title="Religion Inc.">
Religion Inc.

Religion Inc. The Church of Scientology is a non-fiction book about Scientology and L. Ron Hubbard, written by Stewart Lamont. The book was published in hardcover edition by Harrap, in 1986.
Cited by other works.
"Religion Inc." is cited by other books and research reports on the subject matter, including: "Journal of the American Academy of Religion", "The State of the Discipline", "Canadian Journal of Sociology", "Marburg Journal of Religion", "Shaking the World for Jesus",Scientology is another belief system that clearly illustrates the profit motive at play in American religion. See Stewart Lamont. Religion Inc.: The Church of Scientology.</ref> "The Social Dimensions of Sectarianism",An account of Hubbard's retreat to sea, his recluse-like existence in California, and his death is given in S. Lamont, Religion Inc.: The Church of Scientology.</ref> "Alternative Religions: A Sociological Introduction", "La Secte", and "The Alms Trade".
Synopsis.
The work includes twenty-seven photographs, taken by the author in the course of research for the book.
Lamont describes the difficulty authors often encounter in writing and publishing critical books on the Church of Scientology: "Books about Scientology have a greater permanency than newspaper articles and therefore it should not come as a surprise that vigorous smear-campaigns have been conducted against the authors of such investigations." Lamont later goes on to chronicle some of the harassment suffered by author Paulette Cooper after the publication of "The Scandal of Scientology", including recounting parts of Operation Freakout. Lamont also goes into the inherent motivation for profit within the organization.
The book also details L. Ron Hubbard's actions later in life: his retreat to sea, isolated lifestyle in California, and death.

</doc>
<doc id="9801803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801803" title="Lac-Édouard railway station">
Lac-Édouard railway station

Lac-Édouard railway station is an unmanned Via Rail shelter (request stop) in the village of Lac-Édouard, Quebec, Canada.
Considering the fact that the village of Lake Edward was away from main roads, the railway artery was a key to economic development in the region. This railway, linking Montreal to Chambord, via Junction Garneau, greatly favored forestry, sanatorium (since 1904) and tourist activities. Lake Edward railroad station was the key point of transit of passengers and goods, before the construction of roads.

</doc>
<doc id="9801806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801806" title="Villexavier">
Villexavier

Villexavier is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9801827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801827" title="Lac-Bouchette railway station">
Lac-Bouchette railway station

Lac-Bouchette railway station is an optional Via Rail stopover, indicated only by a signpost, in the village of Lac-Bouchette, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9801833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801833" title="DeWitt Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
DeWitt Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

DeWitt Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 479 and it contained 215 housing units. It was renamed from its original name of Marion Township on June 7, 1859.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 93.31%) is land and (or 6.69%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these three cemeteries: Barnes, DeWitt and McCord.

</doc>
<doc id="9801857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801857" title="Treaty of Almizra">
Treaty of Almizra

The Treaty of Almizra (or Treaty of Almiçra) was the third of a series of three treaties between the Crown of Aragon and Crown of Castile meant to determine the limits of their expansion into Andalusia so as to prevent squabbling between the Christian princes. Specifically, it defined the borders of the Kingdom of Valencia. James I of Aragon signed it on 26 March 1244, but Alfonso X of Castile did not affirm it until much later. According to the treaty, all lands south of a line from Biar to Villajoyosa through Busot were reserved for Castile. 
The treaty succeeded those of Tudilén and Cazorla, which were constantly breached. The clause by which neither party seemed capable of residing was that neither crown should diminish the partition assigned to the other or put any obstacle in the way of the other attaining unto his portion. That clause was broken when James I conquered Caudete, Villena, and Sax, which technically belonged to Castile. At the same time, the "infante" Alfonso was holding Játiva in the zone assigned to Aragon. 
The treaty first received mention in the second chapter of "Llibre dels fets". The text of the treaty itself, however, was finally published in 1905. The treaty was signed in Campo de Mirra, where a monument, erected in 1977, still remembers it. In 1296, during a break in the war between the two crowns, James II of Aragon conquered the Kingdom of Murcia. The kingdom was divided and Medio Vinalopó, Bajo Vinalopó, L'Alacantí, and Vega Baja del Segura were incorporated into Valencia by the treaties of Torrellas (1304) and Elche (1305).

</doc>
<doc id="9801859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801859" title="Market (place)">
Market (place)

A market, or marketplace, is a regular gathering of people for the purchase and sale of provisions, livestock, and other goods. In different parts of the world they may be referred to as a "souk" (from the Arabic), "bazaar" (from the Persian), a fixed "mercado" (Spanish) or itinerant "tianguis" (Mexico), or "palengke" (Philippines). 
Types of markets.
Markets may be retail or wholesale markets.
Major physical formats of markets are:
Markets may feature a range of merchandise for sale, or they may be one of many specialist markets, such as:
Markets existed in ancient times — in ancient Greece, the agora, and in ancient Rome, the forum. The Grand Bazaar in Istanbul is often cited as the world's oldest still-operating market; its construction began in 1455. In the 15th century the Mexica (Aztec) market of Tlatelolco was the largest in all the Americas.
Around the world.
South and East Asia.
Hong Kong.
Street markets in Hong Kong are held all the days except few traditional Chinese holidays like Chinese New Year. Stalls opened at two sides of a street were required to have licenses issued by the Hong Kong Government. In Hong Kong there are street markets of various kinds such as fresh foods, clothing, cooked foods, flowers, and even electronics. The earliest form of markets is known as Gaa si. Some of them are gradually being replaced by shopping centres, markets in municipal service buildings, and supermarkets, while some became tourist attractions like Tung Choi Street and Apliu Street.
Europe.
Greece.
Street markets in Greece are called laikes agores (λαϊκές αγορές) in plural, or λαϊκή αγορά (laiki agora) in singular, meaning "people's market". They are very common all over Greece, including the capital, Athens, and its suburbs. Regular (weekly) morning markets sell mostly fresh produce from farming cooperatives - fruit, vegetables, fish and flowers/plants. Some household items and prepared foods are often available.
Annual street markets (panigyri(a)) occur around churches on the day of their patron saint. These take place in the evenings and have a more festive character, often involving attractions and food stalls. The goods sold range from clothing and accessories to household items, furniture, toys and trinkets. Athens also has several bazaars/enclosed markets.
United Kingdom.
Britain's market traders.
As the first real form of retailing, not a great deal has actually changed. Many people have tried their hand at Market trading and some have made vast fortunes, Marks and Spencers, Tesco, New Look all started from a barrow or stall. The life is tough and the hours can be very long but there are certain families who have been involved with the industry,for many generations and usually linked to the same trade or line. Halkets is one of these, based around Stoke-on-Trent,are famous for selling "pots" (china and pottery) at markets and fairs up and down the country. Benjamin is also another old family name connected with the markets and fairs,these seem to still operate around the London and Oxford areas and are involved with the selling of small leather goods,handbags and lugggage.
Licensing.
Traders can be licensed to trade on a single pitch but not at a national level or when trading on private land. This has led to declining confidence in the reputation of markets. A voluntary scheme has been set up by The Market People, backed by the National Association of British Market Authorities (NABMA) to address this. It provides consumers with traceability of traders and goods as well as the ability to rate and contact the traders. A MarketPASS is issued to an operator or Trader once they have provided proof of identity, insurance and, where required, a hygiene certificate.
England's chartered markets and fairs.
Many of the older historic markets carry a "charter" which gives that particular market certain rights and protection. For example, another market can't be held on the same day within a certain distance of a "chartered market". These were awarded by kings to markets and fairs all over England, and to this day are guarded by market traders and showmen.
London.
Some examples of street markets include Berwick Street Market, Broadway Market, Camden Market, East Street Market, Petticoat Lane and Portobello Road Market. The most popular for food is Borough Market which sell most fresh produce as well as having a bakery.
Middle East.
Turkey.
Street markets are called shortly "pazar" in Turkish and usually named after the name of the day since they are only installed at around 05:00 on that specific day and ended on same day around 18:00, in every week. Every district in Turkey has its own open market where people can choose and buy from a very wide range of products, from fresh fruits and vegetables to clothing, from traditional white cheese (which some people may consider feta-like) to household items. In Istanbul area "Wednesday Pazar" of Fatih district, "Tuesday Pazar" of Kadıköy and "Friday Pazar" of Ortaköy are the most famous and crowded open markets of the city.
Turkey has also some very active closed or half-open markets like Kapalıçarşı or Spice Bazaar.
United States and Canada.
Public markets in the United States.
In the United States, the term public market is often used for a place where vendors or merchants meet at the same location on a regular basis. A public market has a sponsoring entity that has legal and financial responsibility to oversee operations and, sometimes, provides facilities to house the market activity. Public markets may incorporate the traditional market activity – the sale of fresh food from open stalls – and may also offer a wide range of different products. Public markets may incorporate elements of specialized markets such as farmers markets, craft markets, and antique markets. Traditionally public markets in the US were owned and operated by city governments, but this is no longer the case.
According to the Ford Foundation, what distinguishes public markets from other types of related retail activity are three characteristics. Public markets:

</doc>
<doc id="9801869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801869" title="Chambord railway station">
Chambord railway station

Chambord railway station is a staffed Via Rail station located on Rue de la Gare in Chambord, Quebec, Canada. Some older documents use the name Chambord Junction or Chambord Node. Chambord railway station is known for its clean safety record from 1911–1928, when there were no licensed safety inspectors.

</doc>
<doc id="9801876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801876" title="Simultaneous nitrification-denitrification">
Simultaneous nitrification-denitrification

Simultaneous nitrification-denitrification (SNdN) is a wastewater treatment process. Microbial simultaneous nitrification-denitrification is the conversion of the ammonium ion to nitrogen gas in a single bioreactor. The process is dependent on floc characteristics, reaction kinetics, mass loading of readily biodegradable chemical oxygen demand, rbCOD, and the dissolved oxygen, DO, concentration 
Microbiology.
The oxidation of the ammonium to nitrogen gas has been achieved with attached growth and suspended growth wastewater treatment processes. The most common bacteria responsible for the two step conversion are the autotrophic organisms, "Nitrosomonas" and "Nitrobacter", and many different heterotrophs. The former obtain energy from the oxidation of ammonia, obtain carbon from CO2, and use oxygen as the electron acceptor. They are termed autotrophic because of their carbon source and termed aerobes because of their aerobic environment. The heterotrophic organisms are responsible for denitrification or the reduction of nitrate, NO3-, to nitrogen gas, N2. They use carbon from complex organic compounds, prefer low to zero dissolved oxygen, and use nitrate as the electron acceptor.
Systems Design.
The most common design uses two different basins: one catering to the autotrophic bacteria and the second to the heterotrophic bacteria. However, SNdN accommodates to both in one basin with strict control of DO. This has been done in two common approaches. One is to develop an oxygen gradient by adding oxygen in one location in the basin. Near the O2 injection point, a high DO concentration is maintained allowing for nitrification and oxidation of other organic compounds. Oxygen is the electron acceptor and is depleted. The DO level in localized environments decreases with increasing distance from the injection point. In these low DO locations, the heterotrophic bacteria complete the nitrogen removal. The Orbal process is a technology in practice today using this method. The other method is to produce an oxygen gradient within the bio floc. The DO concentration remains high in the outside rings of the floc where nitrification occurs but low in the inner rings of the floc where denitrification occurs. This method is dependent on the floc size and characteristics; however controlling flocs is not well understood and is an active field of study 
Typically, SNdN has slower ammonia and nitrate utilization rates as compared to separate basin designs because only a fraction of the total biomass is participating in either the nitrification or the denitrification steps. The SNdN limitation due to partial active biomass has led to research in novel bacteria and system designs. Huang achieved significant ammonia removal in an attached growth process with ciliated columns packed with granular sulfur where the denitrifying bacteria used the sulfur as the electron donor and nitrate as the electron acceptor. Another well established pathway is via autotrophic denitrifying bacteria in the process termed the Anammox process. It is typically used for high ammonia strength wastewater.

</doc>
<doc id="9801877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801877" title="Harp Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Harp Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Harp Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 311 and it contained 136 housing units.
History.
The earliest known pioneer to settle in Harp Township was Solomon Cross who erected a log cabin deep in the solitude of a forest of oak trees in 1830. The cabin was 16'x18', square and built of rough unhewn logs. The cabin stood fifty years before it was destroyed.
At about the same time as the Cross family, Jesse Mulkey and his brother-in-law Baltus Malone located in the township after a long journey from Kentucky at what would become known as Mulkey's Point. Mulkey and Malone's stay in the area would be short, abandoning their cabin after just over a year's time. Soon however, Felix Jones took possession of the old Mulkey cabin and constructed the first orchard in the township. Mulkey's Point also contained significant evidence of Indian camps and hunting grounds. Many of the trinkets and items found were shown to visitors of another early township resident, J. W. McCord.
1831 brought many new faces to the township including Isaac Davidson who came from Tennessee, but his life in the township would be very short as he died that same year. Davidson became the first burial in the township. The exact date is lost to history, but it occurred in the month of October, 1831. Soon after that same month, William Cross became the second resident to pass on. William was a brother to Solomon Cross and was buried on section thirty-two. In 1832, Harp township had a happier first as it celebrated its first marriage in the township. Mary Cross accepted the proposal of Martin Dale despite her parents opposition, and the couple were married in 1832.
Tyre Harp and Joseph Harp located their families on section twenty-nine in 1831. They came to the township from Overton County, Tennessee, but had lived a brief time in Waynesville, Illinois prior to settling in Harp Township. The first school in the township was taught from the home of Tyre Harp in 1836. The following year, Tyre Harp, Pleasant Smith and Dudley Richards contributed $110 towards paying for a six months school and erected the first schoolhouse, a x18ft foot cabin where Edom Shugert from Tennessee (who had also taught in Tyre Harp's home) took charge of the school. Tyre was also a shoemaker, crafting all of the shoes for his family. The Harp family was very prominent in the township, which is in fact named after their family. They are also credited with being one of the few families of the early settlers to remain permanent residents of the township.
The first land entries recorded in the township are as follows:
April 6, 1831, John Norfleet, entered W 1/2, N.W 1/4 Section 23, 80 acres.
June 16, 1831, William Kincaid, entered, 240 acres, Section 24.
July 8, 1831, William H. Brown, entered W 1/3, S.W 1/4.
August 2, 1831, Parmenius Smallwood, entered W 1/2, S.W. 1/4, Section 33, 80 acres.
July 17, 1833, Tyre Harp, entered E 1/2, S.W. 1/4, Section 29, acres.
April 21, 1834, Gabriel Watt, entered N.E 1/4,S.E 1/4, Section 24, 40 Acres.
January 3, 1835, J. Pue, entered S 1/2, S.E. 1/4, Section 36, 80 acres.
One of the earliest camp-meeting grounds was on section 25 where Winding Clark held services in 1835. Families came from miles around to enjoy the village of cabins erected here. A platform constructed for the preachers and benches arranged of partially hewn logs helped to offer good cheer and spiritual inspiration. Reverend John St. Clair was present during this time.
Jefferson Cross became the first justice of the peace elected to office in the township and Solomon Despain who located in Waynesville in 1830 before locating in Harp Township in 1837 became the first blacksmith to set up shop. Despain was also a Baptist preacher. Despain built his smithy on land owned by William Garrison Wright who had married Tyre Harp's daughter Leah in 1834. A second smithy would later be built near Wilson's mill in 1860 by a man named Leonard.
The first road in the township led from Clinton, IL to Marion and was cut by Hugh L. Davenport. By this time the U.S. mail delivered to Clinton where township residents would commute, which was preferable to the longer trip to Bloomington, Illinois to the north. The Gilman branch of the Illinois Central Railroad passes through the township from east to west, entering on section 24, and leaving on section 30. Much litigation surrounded the railroad from people refusing to honor bonds because of non-compliance by the railroad company, one such matter brought by Thomas Snell on section 20 leading to the construction of a switch in the winter of 1882.
Township veterans served in the Mexican War and in the Black Hawk War. William Harp, Charles Harp, Calvin Paine, Isaac M'Cuddy, David Beebe, Isaac Strain and Joshua Jackson all served in the Mexican War and William Garrison Wright served in the Black Hawk War.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 89.75%) is land and (or 10.25%) is water. This township includes part of Clinton Lake and Clinton Nuclear Generating Station. The North Fork of Salt Creek and Illinois Route 54 pass through the township as well.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Griffith and Willmore.

</doc>
<doc id="9801882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801882" title="Greyfriars Bobby (novel)">
Greyfriars Bobby (novel)

Greyfriars Bobby is a 1912 novel by Eleanor Atkinson based on the true story of Greyfriars Bobby. The novel was adapted to a 1961 film from Walt Disney Productions called "Greyfriars Bobby".

</doc>
<doc id="9801897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801897" title="Nixon Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Nixon Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Nixon Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 571 and it contained 250 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9801911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801911" title="Washington State Route 96">
Washington State Route 96

State Route 96 (SR 96) is a state highway located within Snohomish County in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway travels east from an interchange with Interstate 5 (I-5) in Paine Field-Lake Stickney through Mill Creek and an intersection with SR 527 to end at SR 9 south of Snohomish. SR 96 was established in 1991 and follows the route of a wagon road constructed by Snohomish County in the late 1880s to connect Snohomish to Seattle. The highway was closed during the Great Coastal Gale of 2007 after a culvert was damaged and its eastern terminus was re-constructed in 2009 to serve increasing volumes of traffic.
Route description.
SR 96 begins as 128th Street at a diamond interchange with I-5 in Paine Field-Lake Stickney, located in suburban Snohomish County south of Everett. The highway travels east and crosses the Interurban Trail and North Creek before turning southeast onto 132nd Street and entering the city of Mill Creek. SR 96 passes north of McCollum Pioneer Park and Henry M. Jackson High School before it intersects SR 527 at the city center. The highway continues east and passes Archbishop Murphy High School before turning northeast onto Seattle Hill Road and ascends the eponymous hill into Silver Firs. SR 96 descends southeast into the Snohomish River valley from Larimers Corner to Rees Corner on 131st Street, ending at an intersection with SR 9 south of Snohomish.
Every year, the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume. This is expressed in terms of average annual daily traffic (AADT), which is a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year. In 2011, WSDOT calculated that the busiest section of SR 96 was its western terminus at I-5, serving 43,000 vehicles, while the least busy section is its eastern terminus at SR 9, serving 11,000 vehicles.
History.
Seattle Hill Road and 131st Street have existed since 1885 on their present route as part of a wagon road constructed by Snohomish County connecting Snohomish to Seattle. The highway from Seattle Hill through Mill Creek was completed by the late 1950s and paved in the early 1960s by the county. SR 96 was added to the state highway system and codified in 1991, traveling east from I-5 to SR 9 via Mill Creek. Seattle Hill Road was bypassed to the south by Cathcart Way in 2004, planned by the county government since 1978 to redirect traffic on the two-lane SR 96. During the Great Coastal Gale in December 2007, Seattle Hill Road was washed out by a damaged culvert and subsequently closed until late January as WSDOT crews repaired the highway. The eastern terminus of SR 96, an intersection with SR 9, was expanded between April 2008 and December 2009 by WSDOT, adding turning lanes and a traffic camera.

</doc>
<doc id="9801932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801932" title="Rutledge Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Rutledge Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Rutledge Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 177 and it contained 64 housing units. Rutledge Township changed its name from Douglas Township on June 7, 1859.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Johnson Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9801942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801942" title="MTV Australia Video Music Awards 2007">
MTV Australia Video Music Awards 2007

The MTV Australia Video Music Awards 2007 was broadcast live from Acer Arena on 29 April 2007 on MTV Australia. It was then repeated on the Ten Network on 6 May 2007.
The hosts for the awards were Fergie, along with Good Charlotte, while Perez Hilton and Sophie Monk who hosted the red carpet show and stars such as Pink and Thirty Seconds to Mars and special guest Kristin Cavallari from "Laguna Beach" also appeared. Also, the cast from the MTV series "Dirty Sanchez" presented.
In the awards new categories were added such as "Best Hook Up Video", "Download of the Year" and New Zealand Viewers Choice and "Sexiest Video" has been re-introduced to the categories after its absence from the 2006 show. Also, the "Video Vanguard" award was introduced to the Australian Awards for the first time which honoured Australian band Silverchair.
Nominees and winners.
The winners are in bold.
Snoop Dogg controversy.
Snoop Dogg was due to attend the ceremony, but the Department of Immigration and Citizenship cancelled his visa on the basis of "character" issues. Minister for Immigration, Kevin Andrews cited numerous drug and assault offences to back up his decision. The decision has been highly controversial, especially amongst MTV and Snoop Dogg fans.
In protest, MTV Australia had created a website to gather interest and to help Dogg attain Australian Citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="9801959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801959" title="Robert Dixon (explorer)">
Robert Dixon (explorer)

Robert Harald Lindsay Dixon (1800–1858) was an Australian surveyor and explorer, born in Darlington, England.
Arrival in Tasmania.
Dixon arrived in Tasmania (then "Van Diemen's Land") in May 1821 with his brother George. For two years they worked for Edward Lord, tending his cattle station.
In 1823 they were each granted 100 acres of land in the valley of the River Clyde and in 1824 each received an additional 200 acres.
Sydney.
In July 1826 Dixon was bought out by his brother and went to Sydney, where he was appointed assistant surveyor in the Surveyor-General's Department under Lieutenant John Oxley. One of his first tasks was to survey the southern districts of New South Wales as far as the Illawarra.
The following year he joined Major Thomas Mitchell and Major Edmund Lockyer on a journey to survey the Grose Valley near Mount Victoria. The party was stopped by rough terrain and the men could not continue.
In 1827 Dixon attempted to explore and survey the Burragorang Valley. He became lost and almost died.
Over the following two years, Dixon made a number of survey trips to the Blue Mountains and in 1829 he tried again to survey the Grose Valley but was unsuccessful. He did, however, obtain a trigonometrical survey of Mount King George and his surveys of the Blue Mountains allowed Mitchell to establish a new road to Bathurst later that year.
Goulburn and Southern NSW.
In 1828 Dixon surveyed the area to the north of what is now the town of Goulburn which at the time was known as the "Goulburn Plains". The original township was based on the banks of the Wollondilly River to the south of what is now the Pejar Dam but was moved to its present site in 1833. The area Dixon surveyed has, over subsequent years, been settled and is now part of modern "Goulburn North".
Dixon continued south and in 1830 he started to survey the area near Queanbeyan by following the Molonglo River to its junction with the Murrumbidgee River. He continued west beyond the area which is now the site of modern Canberra.
Dixon was later reprimanded by Mitchell for failing to ascertain Aboriginal place names and a number of the place-names originally proposed by Dixon were later disregarded in favour of names of Aboriginal origin.
Northern NSW and return to England.
In 1831-32 Dixon carried out surveys in the Upper Hunter and New England districts.
In October 1833, Dixon was assigned to survey the mountain ranges between the Lachlan River and the Macquarie River. Rather than follow specific instructions, Dixon followed the then-unexplored Bogan River for 108 kilometres and later returned to Bathurst without having surveyed the ranges in the original brief.
In 1836 he applied for two years leave to go to England on 'urgent private business'. He departed from Sydney to London on the Abel Gower in July 1836. In 1837, while in London, he published a map of Australia
Moreton Bay.
Having failed to gain reinstatement, Dixon moved to Moreton Bay. On 24 July 1839 he married Margaret Sibly, the daughter of John and Ann Sibly of St Neot in Cornwall.
During that year, Dixon, with assistant surveyors Granville
Stapylton and James Warner, began a trigonometrical survey of Moreton Bay for the Government to facilitate free settlement. A baseline of was measured on Normanby Plains (today’s Harrisville, south of Ipswich) as a foundation for the triangulation. Dixon was instructed to compile a plan of the district for land sales and town reserves.
In January of the following year he was promoted to surveyor in charge of the Moreton Bay district but was suspended after an altercation with Lieutenant Gorman, commandant of the penal establishment. Dixon's convict servant was arrested and Dixon's response saw him charged with attempting to incite a mutiny. Dixon denied the charges and lodged counter-charges of "improper conduct" against the Lieutenant. The Lieutenant was later relieved of his appointment as magistrate and the charges against Dixon were not progressed.
Dixon, however, was not reinstated. He had again offended the Government by publishing his own map of Moreton Bay in 1841 without permission. This angered the Governor, Sir George Gipps, resulting in Dixon's disgrace and his replacement by James Warner.
When Moreton Bay was opened to free settlement in 1842, Dixon applied for the lease over a number of government buildings. When this was refused, he moved to Toongabbie.
Dixon found little available work and again returned to England in 1846. He returned to Australia in 1852, spuriously claiming he had been hired to manage a gold mine.
Death.
He died, at age 58, on 8 April 1858 in Sydney and was survived by his wife and three of their six children.
Historical contribution.
Dixon is credited with having first surveyed and named a number of areas along the East Coast of Australia including:

</doc>
<doc id="9801963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801963" title="Santa Anna Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Santa Anna Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Santa Anna Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,502 and it contained 1,116 housing units. Its name was changed from Mt. Pleasant Township on June 7, 1859.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.55%) is land and (or 0.45%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these five cemeteries: Campground, Farmer City, Greenleaf, Maple Grove and Saint Josephs Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="9801971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801971" title="Hébertville railway station">
Hébertville railway station

Hébertville railway station is a staffed Via Rail station located on Rue St-Louis in Hébertville-Station, 10 km south of Alma, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9801981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801981" title="Texas Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Texas Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Texas Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,246 and it contained 536 housing units. The west half of Weldon Springs State Park is in this township.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.80%) is land and (or 0.20%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains Hill Cemetery and Texas Cemetery (est. 1844) near Texas Christian Church.

</doc>
<doc id="9801983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801983" title="Miss Egypt">
Miss Egypt

Miss Egypt, (, ) is an Egyptian beauty pageant that qualifies delegates to international beauty contests. 
History.
The first Miss Egypt contest was held in 1929. The only winner that held the title of Miss World was Antigone Costanda in 1954. The pageant has been sponsored by the hair care company, Pantene since 1986. Many of the winners have found notable careers in television. It also introduced models and actresses such as Marina Papaelia and Iolanda Gigliotti.
Miss Egypt Organization currently sends delegates to Miss Universe and Miss World beauty pageants.
In 2012 - 2013 NO pageant, due to revolution conflicts in Egypt.
In 2014 Miss Egypt returns after two years absence, organized by Miss Egypt Organization Face to face (modelling agency).
Titleholders.
Lists of Miss Egypt representatives at International pageants.
Traditionally, the winner of Miss Egypt represents her country at Miss Universe and runner-up for the Miss World. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent. In 2010 and 2014, Miss Egypt for Miss Earth will be selecting by separate pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="9801988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9801988" title="Merimbula Airport">
Merimbula Airport

Merimbula Airport is an airport serving Merimbula, New South Wales, Australia. It is located south of Merimbula and operated by Airport Agencies Pty. Ltd.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 03/21 with an asphalt surface measuring .
Statistics.
Merimbula Airport was ranked 59th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9802000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802000" title="Time in Saskatchewan">
Time in Saskatchewan

The Canadian province of Saskatchewan is geographically located in the Mountain Time Zone. However, most of the province observes Central Standard Time year-round. Saskatchewan does not change its clocks for daylight saving time.
The city of Lloydminster is the only exception to this arrangement; it observes Mountain Time year-round, and changes its clocks for DST. Since Lloydminster does change its clocks, the time in Saskatchewan is the same in all parts of the province during the summer months.
During the summer, clocks in the entire province match those of Calgary and Edmonton. During the winter, clocks in most of the province outside Lloydminster match those of Winnipeg.
History.
In 1912, the first law was passed that called for the use of standard time. This law left the choice of time zone up to the municipal government. The result was a patchwork of towns following either of the two neighbouring time zones (Mountain Standard Time or Central Standard Time) with or without daylight saving time.
During World War I and World War II, all municipalities were forced to adopt daylight saving time to save on fuel, but were not forced to adopt the same time zone.
In 1966, the Saskatchewan Provincial Government sought the help of a professional astronomer living in the province. The Milton Study (Earl R.V. Milton - A submission to the Government of Saskatchewan regarding Time Zones in Saskatchewan, 1966) a) concluded that Saskatchewan is in the Mountain Standard Time Zone, and b) suggested that the three prairie provinces (Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba) covered too much area to share a single time zone.
In 1966, based on the Milton Study, the Saskatchewan Government passed Chapter 85, to be known as the Time Act, 1966 (Statutes of Saskatchewan, 1966). The key points of this act were:
In the early part of this century, discussion was renewed over whether Saskatchewan should change its clocks to be in synch with other provinces. And if so, whether to stay on Mountain Time, or move to a kind of double DST by going yet another hour ahead in the summer. Premier Brad Wall had pledged to hold a referendum in the 2011 provincial election, but later decided against it, saying it would be a waste of money since polls consistently showed a strong majority favoured the status quo.
The only cities that chose not to match the rest of Saskatchewan's time zone were in the southwest, in the areas around Lloydminster and Swift Current. Part of Lloydminster spills into Alberta, which mandates the use of daylight saving time. In order to keep clocks in sync throughout the city, Lloydminster chose to follow Alberta's practice of observing daylight saving time--effectively placing Lloydminster and the surrounding area on Mountain Time year-round. Swift Current and surrounding communities also observed Mountain Time until April 30, 1972 when they changed to match the rest of the province. 
With respect to some province-wide matters (perhaps most notably, provincial elections), CST is effectively used province-wide. This means that during any provincial general election held when DST is not in effect in Lloydminster, polls in that city will open and close an hour earlier local time compared to the rest of the province. For other matters (for example, liquor laws), the local time is always the effective time in Lloydminster.
The town of Creighton which is across the border from the larger community of Flin Flon, Manitoba unofficially observes Central Daylight Time with the rest of Manitoba. Unlike Lloydminster, Creighton's use of CDT has no legal sanction at the provincial level. This has some interesting side effects - for example, liquor establishments in Creighton are able to stay open one hour later than establishments in Flin Flon whilst CDT is in effect since a liquor establishment in Creighton can only be bound to observe CST by provincial law.
Saskatchewan Time Zone.
Due to these discrepancies, many computer programs and major operating systems offer a distinct "Saskatchewan" option when listing time zone options that automatically disables DST. In the tz database, both the America/Regina and America/Swift_Current entries result in Saskatchewan time.
The current wording of the Time Act says that during the entire year Saskatchewan observes "central standard time", which is defined to be "the time that is six hours behind Greenwich time". With respect to mean solar time however, this translates into Saskatchewan effectively being on DST year round. In the map above, Saskatchewan is the rectangle of Central Standard Time protruding into Mountain Standard Time in Canada, visually displaying that geographically, Saskatchewan is in the Mountain Time Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="9802015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802015" title="Jonquière railway station">
Jonquière railway station

Jonquière railway station is located on rue St-Dominique in the Jonquière borough of Saguenay, Quebec, Canada. It is the final stopover of Via Rail's Montreal – Jonquière train. The station is staffed and is wheelchair-accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="9802047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802047" title="Tunbridge Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Tunbridge Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Tunbridge Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 760 and it contained 362 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.95%) is land and (or 0.05%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these five cemeteries: Hays, Old Baptist, Pleasant Valley, Randolph and Tunbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="9802058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802058" title="Jorge Barbosa">
Jorge Barbosa

Jorge Vera-Cruz Barbosa (25 May 1902 – 6 January 1971) was a Cape Verdean poet and writer. He collaborated in various reviews and Portuguese and Cape Verdean journals. The publication of his poetry anthology "Arquipélago" ("Archipelago") in 1935 marked the beginning of Capeverdean poetry. He was, along with Baltazar Lopes da Silva and Manuel Lopes one of the three founders of the literary journal "Claridade" ("Clarity") in 1936, which marked the beginning of modern Cape Verdean literature.
Biography.
Jorge Barbosa was born in the city of Praia, on the island of Santiago, Portuguese Cape Verde archipelago (then a territory of Portugal). Soon after, he moved to the island of São Vicente, where he spent his early years on — excluding his years of study in Lisbon. He then lived for many years on the island of Sal, working as a civil servant of the customhouse. He died in Cova da Piedade, in Lisbon, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="9802084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802084" title="John Wendling">
John Wendling

John Wendling (born June 4, 1983) is an American football safety for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the sixth round (184th overall) of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Wyoming.
During the 2009 and 2010 seasons, Wendling saw most of his playing time as a gunner on special teams. He led the Bills in special teams tackles in 2009, and also led the Lions in 2010.
College career.
Wendling redshirted as a freshman in 2002. In his redshirt freshman season, he played on special teams, ending up with two blocked kicks. During his sophomore redshirt season 2004, Wendling led the Cowboys in tackles with 89, and garnered Honorable Mention All-Conference honors. He also had a huge game against Air Force, making 11 tackles and breaking up two passes in a 43-26 victory over Air Force, eventually to be named MWC Defensive Player of the Week. Wendling also succeeded in his junior season, and once again earned Honorable Mention All-Conference honors.
Professional career.
Buffalo Bills.
Wendling was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the sixth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He signed a contract with the team on July 24, 2007. He was waived on February 16, 2010.
Detroit Lions.
Wendling signed with the Detroit Lions on August 27, 2010.
Wendling was named a special teams Pro Bowl alternate for the NFC during the 2010 NFL Season.
Sweet Mullet.
Wendling's wife suggested that he grow out a mullett while watching a Colorado Rockies baseball game in which one of the players donned the prolific hairstyle. Wendling's wife now regrets her request, but her sacrifice is a gift to America and the rest of humanity. It took roughly two years for Wendling to achieve his sweet flow. Wendling's teammate, Reggie Bush, refers to him as "Joe Dirt" due to Wendling's uncanny resemblance to David Spade's character Joe Dirt in the classic comedy film by the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="9802088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802088" title="Mamata Shankar">
Mamata Shankar

Mamata Shankar (born 7 January 1955) is an actress in the Bengali language film industry of India. She has acted in films by directors including, Satyajit Ray, Mrinal Sen, Rituparno Ghosh, Buddhadev Dasgupta and Gautam Ghosh. In addition to being an actress, she is a dancer and choreographer.
She is the daughter of legendary dancers Uday Shankar and Amala Shankar, and the niece of Pandit Ravi Shankar. Her son is .
Early life and education.
Born in 1955 to Uday Shankar and Amala Shankar, her brother was a renowned Indo-Western fusion musician Ananda Shankar.
She received her training in dance and choreography at the Uday Shankar India Culture Centre, Calcutta under Amala Shankar.
Career.
She made her film debut with "Mrigayaa" in 1976, directed by Mrinal Sen. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film for the year.
Mamata is married to Chandrodoy Ghosh, and runs the Udayan - Mamta Shankar Dance Company, which was founded in 1986, and which travels extensively throughout the world, with the 'Mamata Shankar Ballet Troupe'. The troupe was founded in 1978, and performed its first production, based on a Rabindranath Tagore work, "Chandalika", in 1979. It was followed by "Horikhela", "Aajker Ekalabya", "Milap", "Shikaar", "Mother Earth", and "Amritasyaputra".
Quoting , Jennifer Dunnings of New York Times :- "A vibrant theatrical experience. What distinguished the work was its way of telling a story so that the most jaded dance goers in the audience were lulled into rapt absorption." This was in 1983 , while she reviewed ; "Aajker Ekalabya" ; a ballet on the theme of Guru-Disciple relationship as prevalent in the present day society.

</doc>
<doc id="9802114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802114" title="Love Is Wicked">
Love Is Wicked

Love Is Wicked is the debut album by Jamaican reggae fusion music duo Brick & Lace. It had an initial release date of August 21, 2007, then it got moved to December 4, 2007, but then was pushed back further to 2008. It was eventually released in the UK and France. The album was also released in other countries (such as Belgium) in September 2007, and in the U.S. on January 15, 2008. It has since then leaked onto the internet on various blog sites. "Love Is Wicked" is a mix of R&B and dance music with hip hop and reggae-dancehall musical elements. 
Production came from Akon, as well as will.i.am, Cool & Dre, Jazze Pha, Wyclef Jean, The Neptunes, Timbaland, and many others. The only guest appearance known at the moment, will come from Cham, who will be on the remix of the album's lead single, "Never, Never", while four guest appearances in the US version came from Wyclef Jean, Justin Timberlake, will.i.am, and Pharrell Williams. Akon has produced three songs for the album. This album, when released, will earn a place in the label's history as it is also the first release on Akon's Kon Live Distribution label.
Singles.
Singles from "Love Is Wicked":

</doc>
<doc id="9802116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802116" title="Quench the Spark">
Quench the Spark

"Quench the Spark" (also translated as "A Spark Neglected Burns the House") is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885. The story takes the form of a parable concerning the virtues of reconciliation.
The story opens with the family of Ivan Shtchevbakoff; a generally harmonious family that does rather well for itself. They were on good terms with their neighbors, the family of Gabriel Chormoi, until one day when a hen that belonged to the Shtchevbakoff family flew into the yard of the Chormoi family and laid several eggs. Later that day, Ivan's daughter in law went to retrieve the eggs, but grandmother Chormoi takes offense at being accused of stealing. A huge uproar ensues that embroils every member of each family.
Against the advice of the family elders to seek quick reconciliation, the families bring cases against each other in court, and they blame each other for every little mishap that happens to befall them. Every accusation makes the enmity grow, the children learn from the example of their parents, and the feud goes on for six years.
The elders urge for the families to forget their differences, but the feud continues. A drunken Gabriel strikes one of Ivan's daughters-in-law, and Ivan eventually sees to it that he is sentenced to flogging. Gabriel is shocked, and he curses his neighbor. The magistrate urges the two to reconcile, but Gabriel refuses.
Ivan eventually begins to feel sorry for Gabriel, but he refuses to see his own wrongdoing in the quarrel. Ivan's father urges him to reconcile, and to stop wasting his time and money going to court, and to stop setting a bad example for his family. Ivan still refuses to reconcile.
Eventually Gabriel sets Ivan's house on fire. No neighbors will help Ivan save his belongings, and eventually the fire overtakes Gabriel's house as well. Ivan's father was burned in the fire, and, on his deathbed, Ivan's father asks his son whose fault the fire was. Ivan finally realizes that it was his fault, and asks forgiveness from his father and from God. His father urges Ivan never to tell that it was Gabriel that had set the fire, and Ivan agrees.
Gabriel and Ivan again became good friends, and their families lived together as their houses were rebuilt. The families then go on to become more prosperous than ever, all for following the elders' advice: to quench a spark before it becomes a fire.

</doc>
<doc id="9802121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802121" title="Muscat Governorate">
Muscat Governorate

Muscat is a governorate (region) of the Sultanate of Oman. Its largest city is Muscat. The governorate of Muscat is sometimes referred to as Masqat to differentiate it from the city.
Provinces.
Muscat Governorate consists of six provinces (wilayat):

</doc>
<doc id="9802145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802145" title="Robb White">
Robb White

Robb White III (June 20, 1909 – November 24, 1990) was a writer of screenplays, television scripts, and adventure novels. Most of the latter had a maritime setting, often the Pacific Navy during World War II. White was best known for juvenile fiction, though he has proven popular with adults as well. Nearly all his books are out of print; nevertheless, White has a devoted following among baby-boomers, many of whom were introduced to him through inexpensive paperbacks available in American schools in the mid-20th century.
Schools and schooners.
Robb White III was born to Episcopal missionaries in Baguio, Luzon, in the Philippines. At the time, White's father was working with the Igorots, though he later became an Army chaplain, and thus the young family —including Robb's brother and two sisters —traveled extensively before settling in Thomasville, Georgia.
On a 1958 episode of TV's "This Is Your Life", White's sister said that "young Bob was the proverbial minister's son, a rebel against all rules and full of deviltry" —as exemplified when the boy rolled eggs off the roof onto a Ladies' Auxiliary meeting on the front lawn.
White had no formal education before entering the Episcopal High School in New York city, New York. He later attended the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, graduated as an ensign in 1931, and then worked briefly as a draftsman and construction engineer for DuPont.
In his 1953 memoir "Our Virgin Island", White says that by 1937 he "had been halfway round the world and back" and "sailed a schooner around the Atlantic for six months." During his stint on a Boston-based "floating school" with only one student, White one night swam ashore from two miles out after the schooner was crippled in a December storm.
Their virgin island.
In 1937, White married Rosalie "Rodie" Mason. The couple settled in Sea Cows Bay on the island of Tortola, where the insects were so severe that White put his typewriter in a boat and wrote in the middle of the bay each day. The pair spent weeks sailing daily throughout the islands in search of a more suitable home.
One afternoon, after landing on what they thought was large and better-known Great Camanoe, White walked off in one direction along the beach and Rodie in the other. Meeting less than half an hour later, they realized they had landed on a tiny island, Marina Cay, which they quickly purchased for US$60.
The Whites spent three years on Marina, hacking a cistern out of the rough, rocky land and shipping in enough concrete to build a small, sturdy house. These adventurous years —during which the couple weathered a typhoon, fended off a randy Nazi skipper, aided Jewish refugees, and survived a surprise a visit from White's mother-in-law —are detailed in his memoirs "In Privateer's Bay" (1939), "Our Virgin Island" (1953), and "Two on the Isle" (1985).
White was recalled to military duty when World War II broke out; he flew as a pilot, fought near his birthplace in the Battle of Leyte Gulf (1944), and served on battleships, submarines, and aircraft carriers. He earned eight medals and retired with the rank of lieutenant commander after five years of service.
At the same time as White's recall, he and Rodie lost Marina Cay. The British government had never issued them a license to hold the land and now formally refused, stating that White's published writings had misrepresented conditions in the British Virgin Islands.
Today, the house Robb and Rodie built serves as the reading lounge for a modest-sized resort on the island.
"A writer's writer".
White was determined to be a writer from the age of 13. While working for DuPont, he returned home each day and wrote from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m. In 1931, he quit DuPont after selling his first story to "American Boy" for $100.
"A writer's writer, White truly lived his trade". He produced numerous articles and stories for "The Saturday Evening Post", "Reader's Digest", "The Atlantic Monthly", "Esquire", and "Boys' Life", as well as the Naval Institute's "Proceedings" and various risqué publications; as he told interviewer Tom Weaver, "I wrote as a woman for "True Stories" and got raped in a hayloft about once a month"
White also wrote for TV, including "Men of Annapolis" and "Silent Service" (both 1957), plus episodes of "Perry Mason" (1961–1965). In the late 1950s and early 1960s he teamed with horror film director William Castle, best known for gimmicks such as a free "ghost viewer" and a vibrating electrical device mounted beneath the theater seats.
White and Castle turned out five films: "Macabre", "13 Ghosts", "Homicidal", "The Tingler", and "House on Haunted Hill" — the last two featuring Vincent Price. 
Despite all this, White is best known for his 24 novels. The early "Run Masked" (1938) was White's only effort at a work of adult-themed literature. Most of his books are adventure stories aimed at younger readers — including "The Lion's Paw" (1946), "Deathwatch" (1972), "Up Periscope" (1956) (filmed with James Garner in 1959), "Flight Deck" (1961), "Torpedo Run" (1962), and "The Survivor" (1964). The last four of these — and many others — are set in the same Pacific Theater where White served during World War II. Others — "Lion's Paw", plus the rarer "Sail Away" (1948), "Three Against the Sea" (1940), and "Smuggler's Sloop" (1937) — feature youthful protagonists working together against the elements. 
"White is on record saying that young people appreciate his work most. He attributed this to their good, decent and courageous nature — exactly the kind of people about whom he enjoyed writing. White confided to "Something About the Author" that he liked stories which dealt with ordinary people who survived in the face of terrible hardship ... White's work is typically hero-driven, a characteristic that emerges most clearly in "Deathwatch" where the protagonist battles not only his human persecutor, but the impersonal harshness of the American desert ... "
Several of his novels were popularized in the school-based Scholastic book-sale program in the 1950s, 1960s, and early 1970s; now out of print, these 50-cent paperbacks currently sell for up to $50 on the Internet; rarer White hardbacks can fetch ten times that amount.
To the delight of White fans everywhere, in October 2008, a facsimile edition of "The Lion's Paw" was published by A. W. INK, a private company run by White's widow, Annie, and her daughter; it includes the same dust jacket as the original 1946 edition, along with the novel's original illustrations by Ralph Ray. This long-unavailable book can now be readily purchased at a variety of Internet sites.

</doc>
<doc id="9802146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802146" title="Sean Wellman">
Sean Wellman

Sean Wellman (born 20 September 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League.
Wellman was a key position player who arrived at the AFL's Adelaide Football Club from North Adelaide. He played 34 games across his first two seasons in 1994 and 1995, before moving to Essendon in 1996. He became a key defender for the club and was often called "Not a well man" as a play on his surname by commentator Rex Hunt.
He played 212 games and kicked 34 goals, playing mainly as a center-half-back. He was a member of Essendon's all-conquering premiership side in 2000, he played in every game of the season, and was a member of their losing grand final team in 2001. He received All-Australian selection in 1998 and 2001 and International rules representation in 1998. He retired from the AFL at the end of 2004. Since his retirement he has spent time at Melbourne and at the Western Bulldogs as an assistant coach. He has returned to Essendon as an Assistant coach for the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9802153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802153" title="Stardust (magazine)">
Stardust (magazine)

Stardust is an Indian monthly Bollywood news and gossip magazine published in English and Hindi. It also sponsors the Stardust Awards.
History.
The magazine is published by Mumbai-based Magna Publishing Co. Ltd. and was started by Nari Hira in 1971. It became popular under the editorship of noted journalist, author and columnist, Shobhaa De after 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="9802154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802154" title="Zimmer (automobile)">
Zimmer (automobile)

Zimmer is the name of a U.S. neo-classic automaker, based in Syracuse, New York. The company was founded in 1978 as Zimmer Motorcars Corporation by Paul Zimmer and failed shortly after his divorce in 1988. Paul Zimmer died in October 2005 in Boynton Beach, Florida.
Art Zimmer purchased the rights to the company in 1997 and established the Art Zimmer Neo-Classic Motor Car Company which currently builds 10 to 20 automobiles plus 10 to 20 fully custom 4-door dually Silverado trucks each year.
History.
Zimmer Motorcars Corporation was established in 1978 as a manufacturer of neo-classic automobiles.
The idea for this automobile was initially drawn on a napkin at a private dinner between Paul Zimmer, Chairman and President of Zimmer Corporation and Bob Zimmer, Paul Zimmer's son, employee and shareholder of the company.
Paul Zimmer drew what was to become the Golden Spirit on a napkin, handed it to Bob Zimmer and told him that not only were we going to build a neo-classic automobile, but that the younger Zimmer would be responsible for all functions of the operation and ongoing supervision of Zimmer Motorcars Corporation. Bob Zimmer became the company's President.
At its peak in the 1980s, Zimmer Motorcars Corporation employed 175 people and generated $25 million in annual revenue.
Models.
The Zimmer Golden Spirit was the flagship of the Zimmer Motorcars Corporation with more than 1,500 produced during its production run from 1978 to 1988. The original Golden Spirit was built using a Mercury Cougar chassis and drivetrain. With the discontinuation of the rear-wheel-drive Cougar, the Golden Spirit transitioned to utilizing the Ford Mustang in 1999.
The second Zimmer Motorcars Corporation offering was the mid-engined Pontiac Fiero-based Quicksilver which was built between 1984 and 1988.
Both models were built in the same factory in Pompano Beach, Florida on simultaneous production lines between the years 1980 to 1988.
Ford supplied new Mustangs, these were then modified by stretching the frame for a longer wheelbase and modifying the bodywork etc.
The Mustang VIN number was retained as it met all the required US safety features at the time.
Original company fails.
In 1988, Bob Zimmer sold his shares in the company and purchased an automobile dealership. Shortly after that, Paul Zimmer suffered a major heart attack, required a triple bypass and lost the energy, creativity and stamina that had been his trademark throughout the years. At that time a group of employees and members of the Board of Directors attempted to direct the operation of the company and were not able to navigate such a large entity during a difficult economy and the loss of the company's most important and influential member.
Zimmer Corporation fell into serious economic distress and the $325 million a year parent company was forced into bankruptcy, taking down with it all of its operating divisions, including the highly successful and profitable $25 million a year car company.
Company acquired.
In September 1996, Art Zimmer, (who is no relation to the original Zimmer family) became aware that an automobile had been manufactured which shared his surname. Shortly thereafter, he acquired the "Zimmer Motorcars" name and various Zimmer Motorcars Corporation materials and established the Zimmer Motor Car Club for Zimmer car owners. By 2001, there were over 500 members in the club.
In 1997 Art Zimmer, president and CEO, started the "Art Zimmer Neo-Classic Motor Car Company" after buying a model in a local automobile dealership. The company, also known as Zimmer Motor Car Company, currently builds 10 to 20 automobiles each year and are headquartered in Jamesville, New York.
Retro style - modern chassis.
The Zimmer is considered an "era" car. Era cars were built from readily available parts (VW or Sprite convertible body, Corvette suspension, Buick/Lincoln/Chevrolet engines, etc.) and made to replicate the long hood, exposed headlight, side-mount spare tire look of the classics of the 1930s. All the parts used, were either new or completely rebuilt to be better than new. There were several brands made (Excalibur, Clénet, Tiffany) and they were all made to the same formula.
The current Zimmer Golden Spirit retails for $175,900 and is billed by the company as "the most awesome automobile in the world." It is the first four-door convertible produced in decades and is based on a Lincoln Town Car chassis. The company also offers a two-door model that is built on a Ford Mustang chassis which retails for $109,900. The advantage to owners is that the automobile can be serviced at any Ford or Lincoln Mercury dealer. This includes full service and Ford parts and warranty work. Additionally, the automobile has all the latest safety and modern engineering features available. Because Zimmers are built atop existing chassis, the company can use the legal certification of the Town Car and Mustang, obviating the need for separate crash and emissions certification by Zimmer.
Manufacturing facilities.
Art Zimmer established the company's manufacturing facilities in Cambridge, Maryland, and in December 1998 the first Zimmer Golden Spirit rolled out of the factory.
During 2000, the company established a Syracuse presence when two of its operations; Rosenthal and Chadwick, a metal fabricating company, won the contract to supply heavy-duty steel bumpers, badge bars, and associated support parts. For the first time since 1934, when Franklin Automobile Company closed, automotive manufacturing returned to Syracuse. 
In May 2000, Zimmer and Sam Vigliotti, president of Sam's Auto Body and Service Center on West Genesee Street, located in Syracuse's historic Automobile Row, announced that the latest Zimmer model, currently in development, would be manufactured at Sam's Auto Body. Because of this alliance, by 2001, the company was able to manufacture a new vehicle every six to eight weeks.
Distribution network.
Zimmers are manufactured "on order" and sold through an international distribution network. The largest distribution center is located in Amman, Jordan, and there are other distribution centers in several states in the United States, as well as throughout the world such as Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="9802172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802172" title="Chiwoniso Maraire">
Chiwoniso Maraire

Chiwoniso Maraire (5 March 1976 – 24 July 2013) was a Zimbabwean singer, songwriter, and exponent of Zimbabwean mbira music. She was the daughter of Zimbabwean mbira Master and teacher Dumisani Maraire (and former officer in the Zimbabwe Ministry of Sports and Culture in the early 1980s). Describing the mbira, an instrument traditionally used by male musicians, she said, "is like a large xylophone. It is everywhere in Africa under different names: sanza, kalimba, etc. For us in Zimbabwe it is the name for many string instruments. There are many kinds of mbiras. The one that I play is called the "nyunga nyunga", which means sparkle-sparkle."
Biography.
Born in 1976 in Olympia, Washington, where her father had moved his family, "The song bird" spent the first seven years of her life on the US. When she moved back to Zimbabwe she attended Mutare Girls' High School and took evening classes at the University of Zimbabwe, where her father was teaching.
In the early 1990s, when she was 15, she formed part of Afro-fusion hip-hop trio A Peace of Ebony, which "was perhaps the first group to fuse mbira with contemporary beats". In 1996, she joined The Storm, a band led by guitarist Andy Brown (who later became her husband): "The Storm became one of Zimbabwe’s biggest bands, touring the world and winning accolades... Maraire’s firm voice and Brown’s plucky guitar made a beautiful combination."
Chiwoniso fronted her acoustic group Chiwoniso & Vibe Culture for several years. Her first album, "Ancient Voices", was released to international acclaim in 1995 and she went on to record three more albums:"Timeless" (2004), "Hupenyu Kumusha, Life at Home, Impilo Ekhaya. The Collaboration: Volume 1" (2006), and "Rebel Woman" (2008). From 2001 to 2004, she was also a core member of the multinational all-women band Women's Voice, whose original members hailed from Norway, Zimbabwe, Tanzania, America, Israel and Algeria. Chiwoniso also starred in film, having worked on the soundtracks for movies and documentaries by an array of Zimbabwean writers and film producers in the last ten years.
Speaking out against police brutality.
She said, "To beat people, to threaten people, to put a person in a situation where they have to think for the next five hours about whether or not they are going to be okay — is a very, very bad thing to do."
Death.
Maraire died on 24 July 2013 at South Medical Hospital in Chitungwiza, Zimbabwe, aged 37. According to her manager Cosmas Zamangwe, she had been admitted to hospital 10 days earlier suffering from chest pains. The cause of death was the result of suspected pneumonia, just a year after the death of her ex-husband, Andy Brown, also a prominent musician. The couple leave two daughters, Chengeto and Chiedza. She was buried at her rural home in Chakohwa village in Mutambara.
Awards and honours.
Chiwoniso was honoured by Radio France ("Decouverte Afrique") for her debut album, "Ancient Voices" (1998), and was nominated in the Kora All-Africa Music Awards for best female vocals of Africa in 1999. The album entered the World Music Charts Europe three times.
Discography.
Compilations

</doc>
<doc id="9802184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802184" title="Wapella Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Wapella Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Wapella Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 944 and it contained 415 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these four cemeteries: Crum, Long Point, Saint Particks and Sugar Grove.

</doc>
<doc id="9802192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802192" title="Treaty of Elche">
Treaty of Elche

The Treaty of Elche was an agreement between the Crowns of Castile and Aragon signed in 1305. The treaty revised the borders put down by the Treaty of Torrellas in the previous year. The borders under dispute were those created by the conquests of James II of Aragon in Murcia between 1296 and 1300. Murcia was then a dependency of Castile. The chief exchange effected by the new treaty was the important port city of Cartagena, which returned to Castile. 

</doc>
<doc id="9802208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802208" title="People's Food Co-op (Portland)">
People's Food Co-op (Portland)

People's Food Co-op is a food cooperative located in Portland, Oregon. Founded in 1970 by the members of a food-buying club, the co-op is owned by over 3000 member owners and is a member of the National Cooperative Grocers Association and the United States Federation of Worker Cooperatives.
Governance and management.
Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors at People's consists of 5-9 members elected by the membership of the co-op. The Board uses a modified version of consensus decision-making to reach its decisions. In 2006, the Board adopted Policy Governance as its governance model.
Collective management.
People's is managed by a non-hierarchical collective. As of 2007, there are 27 co-managers. Collective meetings are held once a month where co-managers make decisions regarding the co-op's operations. Like the Board, the collective uses a modified version of consensus decision-making. 26 out of the 27 co-managers have to agree on given proposals. The collective is divided into semi-autonomous “teams” which are responsible for reporting and heading up their various departments. The collective is accountable to the membership via the Board.
Expansion.
In 2002, People's embarked upon an expansion project to increase its retail space. People's secured loans from its membership and Shorebank Pacific to finance the $900,000 expansion project. The expansion doubled the store's retail space and included an expanded Community Room as well as an elevator for wheelchair access. The co-op's efforts won them a BEST "(Businesses for an Environmentally Sustainable Tomorrow)" award from the City of Portland’s Office of Sustainable Development in 2003 for energy efficiency.
Building features.
The building which People's occupies incorporates a number of environmentally friendly technologies. All of the wood used for the expansion was either salvaged or FSC certified. The building's natural ventilation was improved by use of a solar chimney.
Green roofs.
People's added two green roofs to its building during its expansion. Drought-tolerant plant species were chosen for the green roofs. Due to the stormwater management benefits, People's received a $2,500 grant from the Community Watershed Stewardship Program.
Cob.
Cob, a mixture of earth, sand and straw, was used as infill for two walls of the building as well as for benches inside and outside of the store. People's was the first commercially zoned building in North America to build with cob wall infill.
Geothermal.
The co-op is heated and cooled by use of a geothermal exchange heat pump which includes a series of tubes coursing water through the store's floor. This system, in conjunction with other design strategies, has reduced the heating and cooling energy consumption at the co-op by approximately 40%.
People's farmers' market.
People's hosts a year round farmers market in its courtyard on Wednesday afternoons. In the summer months, there are typically 15-20 vendors offering a variety of locally grown and produced goods. The following vendors usually can be found at the market:
Philosophy and buying guidelines.
People's has adopted a model of ethical consumerism and adheres to strict guidelines for the products that are retailed as well as its practices. By vote of the membership, the co-op does not carry any products containing meat with the exception of pet food. The Board of Directors has approved product selection guidelines which prohibit products containing artificial colors, flavoring, or preservatives. The guidelines also allow for the exclusion of products from companies that test on animals or operate in contradiction to the co-op's mission. 
People's composts all of its vegetable waste off site at the 47th Avenue Farm in Portland via an industrial vermicomposting bin.
People's maintains connections to the cooperative movement via its membership in regional and national cooperative federations. People's is currently a member of the National Cooperative Grocers Association, the United States Federation of Worker Cooperatives, and the Portland Alliance of Worker Cooperatives.
People's community room.
People's has a meeting space on site used for public and private events. Free yoga classes for members are held in the room. The room is also used for capoeira and t'ai chi, as well as for meetings of both the membership and Board of Directors. A lift was built during the expansion to ensure accessibility to the space.
IS4C.
In 2006, People's began using IS4C, a Point of Sale (PoS) System. The program was developed by Tak Tang of the Wedge Community Co-op in Minneapolis, Minnesota. People's ported the IS4C software to the Linux platform, making it the only open-source software made specifically for food cooperatives.

</doc>
<doc id="9802211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802211" title="Now in November">
Now in November

Now in November is a 1934 novel by Josephine Johnson. It received the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="9802217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802217" title="Waynesville Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Waynesville Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Waynesville Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 713 and it contained 318 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these six cemeteries: Big Grove, Evergreen, Fairview, Halsey, Rock Creek and Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9802225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802225" title="Get Modern">
Get Modern

The Kats - Get Modern was recorded at Shelter Studios, Hollywood in 1979. The album was produced and engineered by Noah Shark and Max Reese. It was originally intended for release on Infinity Records but the label went out of business before the album could be released. It became known as "The Great Lost Kats Album" before it was finally released by General Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9802244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802244" title="Kazungula Ferry">
Kazungula Ferry

The Kazungula Ferry is a pontoon ferry across the 400-metre-wide Zambezi River between Botswana and Zambia. It is one of the largest ferries in south-central Africa, having a capacity of 70 tonnes. The service is provided by two motorised pontoons and operates between border posts at Kazungula, Zambia and Kazungula, Botswana. 
It links the Livingstone-Sesheke road (which connects to the Trans–Caprivi Highway at Katima Mulilo and forms part of the Walvis Bay Corridor) to the main north-south highway of Botswana through Francistown and Gaborone to South Africa, and also to the Kasane-Victoria Falls road through Zimbabwe. It serves the international road traffic of three countries directly (Zambia, Zimbabwe and Botswana) and of three more indirectly (Namibia, South Africa and DR Congo).
In 2003 the ferry was the site of a disaster when a severely overloaded Zambian truck capsized one of the pontoons and 18 people drowned. The accident was blamed on the lack of weighbridges in Zambia to check the weight of trucks.
At Kazungula the territories of four countries (Zambia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, and Namibia) come close to meeting at a quadripoint. It has now been agreed that the international boundaries contain two tripoints joined by a short line roughly 150 meters long forming a boundary between Zambia and Botswana across which the ferry can, in principle, travel without entering either of the other two countries. The ever-shifting river channels and the lack of any known agreements addressing the issue before year 2000, led to some uncertainty in the past as to whether or not a quadripoint legally existed.
In August 2007 the governments of Zambia and Botswana announced a deal to construct a bridge at the site to replace the ferry. The existence of a short boundary of about 150 meters between Zambia and Botswana was apparently agreed to during various meetings involving heads of state and/or officials from all four states in the 2006-10 period and is clearly shown in the African Development Fund project map,
matching the US Department of State Office of the Geographer depiction in Google Earth. The planned route for the new bridge crosses this boundary without entering Zimbabwe or Namibia.
Zimbabwe already has a bridge into Zambia at Victoria Falls, 70km from Kazungula. 
Namibia already has a bridge into Zambia at Katima Mulilo about 150km upriver. 
This proposed bridge will give a direct connection between Zambia and Botswana.
But there is still no direct connection between Namibia and Zimbabwe, nor is one planned Traffic from Namibia to Zimbabwe has to cross to Zambia at Katimo Mulilo, and then from Zambia into Zimbabwe at the Victoria Falls; or over this new bridge into Botswana, and thence into Zimbabwe at Pandamatenga. In practice, though, there is very little such traffic along this route, or demand. Most traffic between Namibia and Zimbabwe goes through Botswana via Maun, which is a considerably shorter route.
For those travelling from South Africa to Zambia's copperbelt or Lusaka by road, routes through Zimbabwe are several hundred kilometres shorter.

</doc>
<doc id="9802245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802245" title="Wilson Township, DeWitt County, Illinois">
Wilson Township, DeWitt County, Illinois

Wilson Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 149 and it contained 77 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.84%) is land and (or 0.16%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Walden and Walters.

</doc>
<doc id="9802264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802264" title="The Overflow of Clancy">
The Overflow of Clancy

The Overflow of Clancy is a poem written under the pseudonym "H.H.C.C". It was first published in "The Bulletin" magazine on 20 August 1892 as part of the Bulletin Debate, a series of poems by Lawson, Paterson, and others, about the true nature of life in the Australian bush. 
Colin Roderick, in his biography "Banjo Paterson: Poet by Accident" (1993), states on page 76 that he believes the poem was written by Henry Lawson.
The poem is a parody of Paterson's "Clancy of the Overflow".

</doc>
<doc id="9802308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802308" title="Farmer Vaughn">
Farmer Vaughn

Harry Francis Vaughn (March 1, 1864 – February 21, 1914) born in Ruraldale, Ohio was a catcher and utility player for the Cincinnati Red Stockings/Cincinnati Reds (1886 and 1892–99), Louisville Colonels (1888–89), New York Giants (PL) (1890), Cincinnati Kelly's Killers (1891) and Milwaukee Brewers (1891).
In 13 seasons he played in 915 Games and had 3,454 At Bats, 474 Runs, 946 Hits, 147 Doubles, 53 Triples, 21 Home Runs, 525 RBI, 92 Stolen Bases, 151 Walks, .274 Batting Average, .307 On-base percentage, .365 Slugging Percentage and 1,262 Total Bases.
He died in Cincinnati, Ohio, at the age of 49.

</doc>
<doc id="9802318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802318" title="Honey in the Horn">
Honey in the Horn

Honey in the Horn is a 1935 novel by Harold L. Davis. It won the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1936. The title of the book is from a line in a square dancing tune, and is only found in the book in the author's introductory overleaf.
Synopsis.
"Honey in the Horn" is a novel about life in the homesteading days of Oregon, 1906-1908. It is about the coming of age of an orphan boy named Clay Calvert, but it is also the about the trials of the pioneers who came to Oregon following the American Dream. Through the characters that Clay meets along the way, the author introduces the readers to the various occupations of the settlers of that era.
Plot Summary.
In the opening section of the story, Clay Calvert is a hand on the sheep ranch of Preston Shiveley, his stepfather's father. Without really intending to, Clay helps his stepfather, Wade Shiveley, escape from jail, and becomes a fugitive himself. He and a Tunne Indian boy flee into the wilderness where Clay joins up with a horse-trader who has a beautiful young daughter, Luce.
In the second section of the story, Clay and Luce are married and living in the sparseley populated coastal regions. There they meet with a group of settlers who are planning a trip to eastern Oregon where they can put down stakes. On the trip east, they meet again with Wade Shiveley, who is accusing Clay of stealing his horse. Wade Shiveley is eventually hung for a crime he did not commit, and Clay is free to move on. Shortly after, Luce falls ill and Clay goes for help. When he returns Luce is gone, apparently with her father.
In the final section of the story, Clay decides not to pursue Luce, but follows the wheat harvest, and eventually ends up as a hand on a scow on the Columbia River. Clay goes back to the Eastern plains to harvest grass for hay where he once again meets the Tunne Indian boy. He later discovers the Indian boy dead and suspects that he was killed by Luce's father. He decides then to rejoin the settlers who had moved from the Coast and stays with them until a harsh winter drives them off of their homesteads. On the way back west Clay once again unites with Luce.

</doc>
<doc id="9802323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802323" title="Raintime">
Raintime

Raintime was an Italian progressive / power metal band, founded in 1999. The band was initially significantly inspired by Dream Theater, and as such composed songs which leaned towards the progressive metal genre. They then recorded an instrumental demo entitled "Jump in the Past".
After the demo was released, the band's original drummer quit and Enrico Fabris replaced him. Also, Claudio Coassin, who played keyboards, switched to vocals, leaving keyboards to Andrea Corona. Their sound evolved into a new hybrid and borrows elements both from extreme metal, such as death growls and lower tuning of their instruments, and from more melodic genres, especially in regards to keyboards and vocals. With this new direction, the band recorded their debut album "Tales from Sadness" in 2005 with Arise Records. The second "official" chapter of the band, "Flies & Lies" (Lifeforce), released in 2007 and produced by Tommy Handsen, gave Raintime the possibility to perform live at ProgPower USA with bands like After Forever, Virgin Steele and Sonata Arctica.
Their latest album, entitled "Psychromatic", was released on 16 March 2010.
Raintime stated on their Facebook on 27 May 2012 that the band would be disbanding due to "too many new members". 
Claudio, Enrico and Ivan, however, are working on a side project that is still TBA.

</doc>
<doc id="9802327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802327" title="Treaty of Torrellas">
Treaty of Torrellas

The Treaty of Torrellas (called a "sentencia arbitral", "sentence by arbitration," in Castilian), signed in Zaragoza in 1304, settled the question of conquest of the Kingdom of Murcia, thitherto a dependency of the Crown of Castile, by James II of Aragon. 
Between 1296 and 1300, James led a series of military operations in Murcia with the intention of conquering a large zone between Elda in the north and Huércal-Overa in the south. 
James got together with Ferdinand IV of Castile in 1304 to fix new borders between their two states in Andalusia. Peace was effected between the two powers and the major part of Murcia was assigned to Castile. The cities of Orihuela, Elche, Caudete, Elda, and Alicante passed to the Kingdom of Valencia. The treaty, however, did not last, being replaced the next year by the Treaty of Elche. 

</doc>
<doc id="9802344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802344" title="Fablehaven">
Fablehaven

Fablehaven (pronounced ) is "The New York Times best-selling children's literature fantasy series written by Brandon Mull. The book series, which includes "Fablehaven", ', ', ', and "", is published by Shadow Mountain in hardcover and Simon & Schuster in paperback.
Premise.
Fablehaven is a secret nature preserve protecting beings of myth and legend from the outside world. The current caretaker, Stan Sorenson, describes it as "a refuge for mystical creatures". Those who live in this large sanctuary, mortal and magical, must abide by a treaty of rules. The most common rules are focused upon "the law of the harvest" or "the law of retribution" meaning, you reap what you sow. It is described in the book as, "mischief for mischief, trouble for trouble, magic for magic." If this law in the treaty is broken, you lose the magical protection it provides, allowing for retaliation, which is essentially what drives the plot through the first book. There also exist magical borders that keep most mystical creatures within the preserve, but out of certain domains. The caretaker's house and grounds are within one of these protective boundaries. However, some of these borders dissolve on certain nights, allowing frightening creatures to roam free on the grounds, one of which - Midsummer Eve - occurs in the first book.
Plot.
The series begins as 13-year-old Kendra and 11-year-old Seth Sorenson are traveling to their Grandpa and Grandma Sorenson's house while their parents are away on a 17-day Scandinavian cruise. When they get there, they also meet Dale, the groundskeeper, and Lena, the housekeeper. Grandma Sorenson is "mysteriously" missing. Grandpa Sorenson does not tell Kendra and Seth about Fablehaven being a secret preserve for magical creatures at first, but instead sets up a rather complex puzzle involving six keys and a locked journal for Kendra to solve. Once Kendra unlocks the mostly blank journal, she discovers the words "drink the milk". She and Seth drink the magical milk Dale sets outside in their yard every morning, opening their eyes for them to possess the ability to see a whole new, mystical world full of the magical beings of Fablehaven. In their adventures they discover fairies, satyrs, naiads and other creatures. Then Kendra and Seth must face challenges such as defeating an evil witch and a powerful demon, defending the preserve from an evil society, stopping a plague that changes creatures of light into creatures of darkness, and, ultimately, protecting the world from a horde of imprisoned demons.
Books.
"Fablehaven".
The story begins with Kendra and Seth visiting their grandparents in Connecticut while their parents take a 17 day cruise. At first the siblings entertain themselves with an attic full of interesting books and toys, and a pond-like swimming pool surrounded by hummingbirds, brightly colored-butterflies and exotic dragonflies. But soon their attentions wander to the forbidden forest that surrounds their grandparent's house. When Kendra discovers a book entitled Journal of Secrets and follows the directions to "Drink the milk" a whole new hidden and amazing world is revealed to the siblings at Fablehaven. Kendra and Seth find out quickly how dangerous this new magical environment is when rules are broken, thrusting them into the middle of a fight for their lives, and their family.
"Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague".
The third book starts where the second book ended, during the same summer of their second year at Fablehaven. Seth discovers that someone, or something, has released a plague that transforms beings of light into creatures of darkness. For the first time, some of the main characters visit another magical reserve, as another hidden artifact must be recovered from Lost Mesa in Arizona. New characters are introduced and new magical creatures of light and darkness are confronted, and hard sacrifices made.
"Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary".
Things are heating up between the Knights of the Dawn and the Society of the Evening Star, who turn to kidnapping Kendra in an attempt to discover secrets. The race to obtain the 5 magical artifacts continues, and leads the Knights, and the Sorensons, to a deadly dragon Sanctuary called Wyrmroost. They face bigger challenges than they've ever faced before, including negotiating with a wizard, an enormous evil dragon, and the biggest giant in the world.
"Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison".
The final book in the series has the Sorenson siblings traveling to different preserves around the earth in the attempt to secure the remaining magical artifacts before the Society gets them. A powerful new ally joins the fight, but deadly new enemies also add to the escalation. The conflict separates Kendra and Seth who take on different missions, each extremely dangerous and exciting. They finally reunite just before the confrontation at Zzyzx, and the opening of the demon prison. An unexpected event orchestrated by the Fairy Queen was their only hope to save the world.
Reception.
The series has enjoyed positive reviews by critics. With the release of the third book, the series was awarded a spot on the New York Times top ten best selling children's series list. With the release of the fifth book, the series reached as high as 4th on the list.
Obert Skye, the author of Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo - "Imagination runs wild in Fablehaven. It is a lucky book that can hold this kind of story."
The New York Times - "Mull’s awkward writing sometimes underscores the overfamiliar plot mechanics of the two-children-save-the-world fantasy, but his story offers unexpected twists and entertainingly scary creatures."
Columbia Daily Tribune - "This story is so compelling and so well written you’ll find its magic working on you as well, completely taking over your ability to put the book down, even for a moment. Mull has an extraordinary writing ability."
Orson Scott Card - "At first glance, Fablehaven looks like a book for kids; but, like Harry Potter, Fablehaven can be read aloud in a family with as much pleasure for grownups as for children. And solitary adults who pick it up for their own enjoyment will be well rewarded. Do yourself a favor, and don't miss the first novel by a writer who is clearly going to be a major figure in popular fantasy."
Christopher Paolini, author of Eragon said, "The Fablehaven books are so entertaining that I read the first three in a single sitting. They kept me turning the pages until 4:40 in the morning. Each book was better than the last! Brandon Mull is a talented new fantasy writer, and I can't wait to read more from him. The world he has created is deep, intriguing, magical, and full of surprising discoveries and unexpected dangers. I especially liked his two main characters, Kendra and Seth. They both act like real people, and unlike many fictional siblings, they help and support each other when they're in trouble. The Fablehaven series is one of the most enjoyable fantasies I've read in the past few years. I only wish I could have read it when I was ten or twelve."
BookReview.com - "Where have all the fairies gone? To Fablehaven of course! A preserve for magical creatures awaits your visit in Brandon Mull’s fantastical, wonderful book, “Fablehaven.” Look out J.K. Rowling; the fantasy genre has an outstanding new author to embrace!"
Film Adaptation.
In 2012, Clark Schaffer, owner of Schaffer Studios, bought the rights to "Fablehaven" and is teaming up with author Brandon Mull to make the movie. Below is an interview with both Mull and Schaffer about the pre-production of the movie:
For up-to-date information for the Fablehaven movie, or to support the film, go to http://www.Facebook.com/FablehavenMovieSupport
Sequel Series.
In 2013 Brandon Mull announced there would be a five book series that sequels the first Fablehaven series. It will feature the same world and characters and be titled Dragonwatch.

</doc>
<doc id="9802349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802349" title="Dorothy Mengering">
Dorothy Mengering

Dorothy Marie Mengering (born July 18, 1921), better known to "Late Show" viewers as Dave's Mom, is the mother of late-night talk show host David Letterman and frequent guest on his show. 
Following several years of appearing via telephone, Mengering made her on-screen "Late Show" debut covering the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway. She currently resides in Carmel, Indiana.
Personal life.
Dorothy Mengering was born Dorothy Marie Hofert in Linton, Indiana, the oldest child of Lena M. (née Strietelmeier) and Earl Jacob Hofert. Mengering's maternal grandparents, Fredricke Hilgediek and William Strietelmeier, were born in Germany, and her father was of German descent. A younger brother, Earl Jr., and sister, Hazel, were born in 1922 and 1923 respectively. Dorothy's first cousin is the grandmother of the model and actress Rebecca Romijn, a fact which was discussed on the "Late Show with David Letterman".
Mengering spent a year at Indiana University before marrying Harry Joseph (Joe) Letterman in 1942, with whom she had three children: Jan, David, and Gretchen. While raising her children, she assisted her husband, a florist, and worked as a secretary at her church, Second Presbyterian; she was widowed in 1973. In 1983, she married again, this time to Hans Mengering, a retired engineer and decorated World War II veteran. He died March 12, 2013.
Appearances on "The Late Show".
Olympics.
Mengering's first on-camera appearance on "The Late Show" was in 1994, when she provided nightly coverage of the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer. In the days immediately prior to her television debut, she fell and received eight stitches on her eyebrow and a black eye, and spent much of her on-camera time under many layers of makeup. While in Lillehammer, she interviewed Hillary Clinton (inquiring if her husband might be able to "fix" Dave's speeding tickets), Nancy Kerrigan (repeatedly asking her if she would like a cup of hot cocoa), and several other winter Olympians, including gold medal-winner Tommy Moe. 
Mengering reprised her role as Late Show Olympic commentator in 1998 and 2002, covering the Winter Games held in Nagano, Japan and Salt Lake City, Utah.
Other appearances.
Since her first appearance in 1994, Mengering has appeared on the show several times each year. She makes annual appearances on Thanksgiving, via satellite from her Indiana home, for a feature entitled "Guess Mom's Pies". She also appears regularly a few days before Mother's Day and has made occasional visits on her birthday. 
In 1995, she traveled to London to film remote spots for "The Late Show", which were aired later that year.
Quotes.
"The positive response to my appearances on David's show has nothing to do with my amateur abilities as a broadcaster. People enjoy seeing a mother and son together. It's that simple."

</doc>
<doc id="9802357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802357" title="Vimla L. Patel">
Vimla L. Patel

Vimla Lodhia Patel, is a Fijian-born Canadian cognitive psychologist and biomedical informaticist.
In the past decade, Dr. Patel has worked in the area of biomedical informatics, in particular studying the mediating roles of technology on performance. Her work includes studies of medical errors and error reduction in emergency care and other critical medical environments, (including telephone triage). Her past work in health cognition includes studies of risk-taking behavior and sexual decision making as it pertains to HIV in youth and adolescents.Her current work focuses mostly on identifying underlying cognition in medical error and learning.
Biography and career.
Dr. Patel was born in Fiji and obtained a degree in biochemistry and microbiology from University of Otago in New Zealand, and MA and PhD in Educational Psychology (Medical Cognition,1980,1981) from McGill University in Montreal, where she also served as professor of Medicine and Psychology and director of the Centre for Medical Education. She was a founding member of HEALnet (Health Evidence Application and Linkage Network), which made seminal contributions furthering informatics research and application in Canada. She was also a member of the InterMed Collaboratory, which developed guidelines for medical decision support, and has done extensive work in India, Africa, and Colombia in cross-cultural cognition research. 
In 2000 she became director of the Laboratory of Cognition and Decision Making in the department of Biomedical Informatics at Columbia University, where she was also faculty in the department of Psychiatry and Teacher's College. From 2007-09, she served as interim chair and vice chair of Department of BMI at Arizona State University. Dr. Patel was a Professor of Biomedical Informatics and Co-Director of the Center for Cognitive Informatics and Decision Making at the University of Texas at Houston from 2009-11.As of November 2011, Dr.Patel joined the New York Academy of Medicine as a Senior Research Scientist and is the head of the Center for Cognitive Studies in Medicine and Public Health and is an adjunct professor of Biomedical informatics at Columbia University in NY.
Research.
In 1978 Elstein, Shulman and Sprafka applied cognitive science methods to investigate physicians’ clinical competence, developing a model of hypothetico-deductive reasoning which proposed that physicians reason by generating and testing a set of hypotheses to explain clinical data. This is an example of backward (hypothesis-to-data) reasoning. In 1986, Patel and Groen demonstrated that experts who accurately diagnosed complex clinical problems used forward reasoning (data to hypothesis), in contrast to novice subjects who used backward reasoning and misdiagnosed or partially diagnosed the same problems.
Patel also applied text comprehension methods to understanding the use of clinical practice guidelines with the goal of increasing adoption of best practices. Patel and colleagues have recently argued for new paradigm for error studies, where instead of zero error tolerance, detection and correction of potential error is viewed as an integral part of cognitive work in a complex workplace. 
She is the author of more than 300 publications in cognitive psychology, biomedical informatics, medical education and related fields.

</doc>
<doc id="9802372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802372" title="The Best of Red Hot Chili Peppers">
The Best of Red Hot Chili Peppers

The Best of Red Hot Chili Peppers (also titled 'Greatest Hits' on some versions) is a compilation album by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, first released in 1994, containing tracks from the band's time signed to the EMI America record label. "What Hits!?" has all these songs and 8 more. This compilation has been reprinted at least 4 times from 1994 to 2005 with different cover art.

</doc>
<doc id="9802394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802394" title="Ayers Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Ayers Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Ayers Township is one of thirty townships in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 453 and it contained 195 housing units.
History.
Ayers Township was formed from a portion of South Homer Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains these two cemeteries: Immanuel Lutheran and Saint John.

</doc>
<doc id="9802401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802401" title="Inet">
Inet

Inet was an electronic trading platform based on a system developed by Instinet in the 1970s that merged with Island Exchange in 2002 and was subsequently acquired by NASDAQ in 2005. 
Inet, like other electronic communication networks, was an order-pairing system that give brokerage firms the power to electronically track and match reciprocal buy and sell orders at the same limit price and lot size. An efficient and reliable system that reduced costs to both brokerage firms and investors and facilitate high speed pairings of buy and sell orders.
The Inet name continues to be used by Nasdaq for later trading platforms such as the "Genium Inet trading platform". 
History.
Inet was formed after Island Exchange was merged with Instinet in 2002. Island changed its name to Inet ATS, Inc. ("Inet") effective November 17, 2003. A high volume of trades were routed through Island, with over $5 billion USD handled daily in 1999. Its headquarters were in New York City.
After NASDAQ's acquisition of the Swedish OMX exchange group in 2007, it gained access to OMXs trading platform Genium it used this to create the next generation of Inet called the "Genium Inet trading platform". 

</doc>
<doc id="9802408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802408" title="Alabama State Route 13">
Alabama State Route 13

State Route 13 (SR-13) is a state highway in the western part of the U.S. state of Alabama. Except for a portion roughly between Berry and Russellville, SR-13 is the unsigned designation for U.S. Highway 43. Thus, while the total distance of the route is over , as an independently signed route, SR-13 is only long.
The southern terminus of SR-13 and US-43 is at their junction with U.S. Highway 90 and unsigned State Route 16 in Mobile. The northern terminus of the route is on US-43 at the Tennessee state line north of Killen in Lauderdale County. As a signed route, the southern terminus of the route is at the junction of US-43 and State Route 18 in southern Fayette County, and the northern terminus as at US-43 and State Route 17 south of Russellville in Franklin County.
Route description.
East of Fayette, SR-13 diverts from US-43 and becomes a signed route that parallels the U.S. highway to the east. SR-13 leads through rural areas of Fayette, Walker, Winston, Marion and Franklin counties before rejoining US-43.

</doc>
<doc id="9802422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802422" title="MGM Distribution">
MGM Distribution

MGM Distribution (Metropolitan Groove Merchants) is the largest independent distributor of Australian music and music related merchandise and was established in April 1998 by Sebastian Chase.
MGM Distribution was specifically set up as a distribution hub to service independent labels and artists. MGM Distribution is totally focused on a specific agenda - dealing with retail, promoting its releases to retail, ensuring that orders are filled correctly and dispatched expediently. MGM is not a label and does not sign artists.
MGM as a distributor requires that the labels market their releases to the media to create demands that causes sell through at retail.
MGM Distribution is a major financial supporter of the JB Seed grant program, an arts grants fund established by John Butler in 2005, in addition to their support of the Australian Music Prize. 

</doc>
<doc id="9802444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802444" title="Brown Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Brown Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Brown Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,995 and it contained 816 housing units.
History.
Brown Township was formed from a portion of East Bend Township in September, 1869.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.64%) is land and (or 0.36%) is water.
Cities and towns.
The city of Fisher lies in the southeast corner of the township; portions of the town extend into neighboring townships, but the majority is in Brown Township. The small town of Foosland is in the western part of the township along the route of the Norfolk Southern railroad.
Unincorporated towns.
Lotus is a small settlement in the far southwestern part of the township; the railroad passes through it. Dickerson lies about 2 miles to the east of Lotus.
Transportation.
U.S. Route 136 passes through Fisher and runs along the entire southern border of the township. Illinois State Route 47 passes through the township on its route from Mahomet in the south to Gibson City (in neighboring Ford County) in the north. Illinois State Route 54 passes from southwest to northeast through the far northwestern corner of the township on its route from Farmer City (in DeWitt County) to Gibson City.
A Norfolk Southern Railway line passes through the township, connecting Bement with Gibson City.

</doc>
<doc id="9802481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802481" title="NSW Minerals Council">
NSW Minerals Council

The NSW Minerals Council is a lobbying body created by the large mining companies operating in New South Wales. Its main purpose is to forward the economic interests of those companies and related industries by lobbying politicians and the public.
Campaigns.
The Minerals Council, headed by CEO Stephen Galilee, has run a number of campaigns recently highlighting, in their opinion the social and economic benefits conveyed on the Hunter Valley by the mining industry, especially the coal mining industry, in the face of campaigning by locals, farmers and environmentalists, concerned about Mining's impacts food & water supply, Coal dust health impacts, the destruction of Natural heritage and coals impact on Climate Change . These include the frog ads found in a number of newspapers in NSW, and the current campaign entitled "Life. Brought to you by Mining".
The "Life..." campaign is also supported by Centennial Coal and the Mining arm of the CFMEU

</doc>
<doc id="9802482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802482" title="The Primates">
The Primates

The Primates were one of the original post-punk / rock bands to come out of Athens, Georgia in the mid 1980s. Their loud, fast in-your-face hedonistic style is reminiscent of West Coast bands X and The Minutemen, but peppered with a definite influence of traditional Country Music. The Primates consisted of Eric Sales - bass and vocals, Greg Reece - guitar and vocals, and LH Sales, Jr. - drums and vocals. Before going three-piece, early in the first years The Primates had a second Rockabilly style guitarist - Mike Whigham. They at one point served as GG Allin's backing band.

</doc>
<doc id="9802531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802531" title="Richard Melo">
Richard Melo

Richard Melo (born August 10, 1968) is an American author and book reviewer. He is the author of the novels "Happy Talk" and "Jokerman 8".
Biography.
Richard Melo was born in San Francisco, California and attended San Francisco State University. He currently lives in Portland, Oregon.
As a book critic since 2004, Melo has reviewed books by Thomas Pynchon, William Vollmann, Colson Whitehead, and Tom Robbins, among others. Melo is a member of the National Book Critics Circle and has written about Tom Wolfe for the NBCC blog.
His fiction has appeared in Willamette Week and "Gobshite Quarterly". He began his career as a playwright with two productions appearing on the Mt. Hood Community College stage in the early 1990s. He is a graduate of the Creative Writing program at San Francisco State University.

</doc>
<doc id="9802540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802540" title="Vincent Regan">
Vincent Regan

Vincent Regan (born 16 May 1965) is a British film and television actor, best known for his roles in historical/mythological epics such as "300", "Troy" and "Clash of the Titans".
Early life.
Regan was born in Swansea, Glamorgan, Wales, on 16 May 1965, the son of Irish immigrants. As a youth he moved to Ireland with his parents, but returned to Britain and attended St Joseph's College, Ipswich, Suffolk before attending the Academy of Live and Recorded Arts in London.
Acting career.
Regan has over 15 stage roles to his credit, most recently as Achilles in "Troilus and Cressida" at the Edinburgh International Festival. In association with the Royal Shakespeare Company, the festival presented director Peter Stein's strongly cast and visually striking production. He is best known for Ancient Greece-based films "300", in which he played the Captain, "Troy", where he played Eudorus, Achilles' second in command, and "Clash of the Titans", in which he played King Cepheus.
In 2012, Regan has appeared in films such as "", "Lockout", and "Snow White & the Huntsman".
Regan is also a screenwriter and director, developing projects for his own film company. His script, "Come Like Shadows", is an accessible but classic interpretation of "Macbeth" headlining Sean Bean and Tilda Swinton, will be directed by John Maybury. He also appeared briefly as a sexually confused character in British series "The Street".
In 1999 Regan received an Irish Best Actor nomination for his co-starring performance in the award-winning miniseries "Eureka Street".
In 2012, Regan announced his intention to launch a theatre company in Beverley, Yorkshire, along with Judi Dench and other professional actors.
In 2013 he will also guest star in the first episode of Series 10 of New Tricks.
On February 9th 2014, he played the Duke of Savoy in the 4th episode of the 2014 BBC series The Musketeers.
Personal life.
Regan is married to actress Amelia Curtis; and they have one daughter, Esme (born in 2006 or 2007). He has another child born to Alexandra Pell, Chloe (23 April 1991).

</doc>
<doc id="9802546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802546" title="Herbert R. Axelrod">
Herbert R. Axelrod

Herbert Richard Axelrod (b. June 7, 1927 in Bayonne, New Jersey) is a tropical fish expert, publisher of pet books, and entrepreneur. In 1998 he donated four Stradivari instruments — two violins, a viola and a cello — to the Smithsonian Institution. 
Early life.
Axelrod was born to Russian-Jewish immigrant parents in New Jersey. His father was a mathematics and violin teacher, and his mother was a civilian employee of the U.S. Navy.
Publishing empire.
While in Korea he wrote his book "The Handbook of Tropical Aquarium Fishes". After returning from Korea, Axelrod earned a Ph.D. at New York University and started the magazine "Tropical Fish Hobbyist". He wrote many other books on tropical fish and founded a publishing firm, TFH Publications (named for the magazine) that became the largest publisher of pet books in the world. TFH Publications was headquartered first in Jersey City, New Jersey, then in Neptune, New Jersey.
In 1989 he donated his collection of fossil fish to the University of Guelph, which the university says is one of the largest donations by an individual to a Canadian university. The Axelrod Institute of Ichthyology at that university was named for him. The building has since been renamed. Leonard P. Schultz described the cardinal tetra, a popular aquarium fish, which had been found by Harald Sioli in Brazil in 1953, and gave it its scientific name, "Paracheirodon axelrodi", which honors Axelrod.
In 1997 Axelrod sold TFH Publications to Central Garden & Pet Company of California for $70 million. The contract included potential payouts to Axelrod if TFH reached earnings targets after the sale. He sued under that provision, accusing Central Garden of suppressing earnings to avoid paying the extra money. The following year, however, the purchaser filed a countersuit against him, claiming that he had grossly and illegally inflated the value of the company before the purchase. On September 1, 2005, Axelrod was ordered to pay Central Garden & Pet Company $16.4 million (net, after deducting $3.7 million the company was ordered to pay Axelrod due to earnings targets).
Musical instruments collection.
Axelrod, a violinist himself, assembled a large collection of old and rare stringed instruments, including the Hellier Stradivarius. In 1975 he bought his first Stradivarius violin. In 1998 he donated four Stradivari instruments — two violins, a viola and a cello — to the Smithsonian Institution. Known as the Axelrod quartet, their value was estimated at $50 million. In February 2003 he sold about 30 other instruments to the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra (NJSO) for $18 million. This collection was estimated to be worth $49 million. (Axelrod was a long-time supporter of the NJSO.)
Further legal difficulties.
Questions surfaced about the value of the instruments he had donated to the Smithsonian and the NJSO. Although the instruments were all old and valuable, several were determined not to be the instruments he represented them as, and not to be as valuable as he claimed. He was said to have invented histories for the instruments to explain away doubts or to increase their worth. On April 13, 2004, Axelrod was indicted in federal court in New Jersey, accused of funnelling millions of dollars into Swiss bank accounts over 20 years without paying taxes. The following April 21, he failed to appear for his arraignment, having fled to Cuba. He was arrested in Berlin on June 15, 2004 as he got off a plane from Switzerland, and then extradited to the United States. On March 21, 2005 he was sentenced in U.S. court to 18 months in prison for tax fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="9802548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802548" title="Champaign Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Champaign Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Champaign Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 10,834 and it contained 4,964 housing units.
History.
Champaign Township changed its name from West Urbana Township on April 30, 1860.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.62%) is land and (or 0.38%) is water. The streams of Copper Slough and Phinney Branch run through this township.
Economy.
In addition to the University of Illinois, Champaign Township is also home to a Kraft Foods plant (and adjacent AC Humko plant). The township's major employers include The University of Illinois, Champaign Unit #4 School District, and Kraft Foods. Numerous township residents are also employed by Parkland College, Kirby Foods, Christie Clinic, Devonshire Group LLC, Amdocs, Hobbico and Horizon Hobby, all of which are in the adjacent city of Champaign, Illinois, as well as by Carle Clinic Association and Provena Health, located in nearby Urbana, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="9802555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802555" title="Beacon Hill Institute">
Beacon Hill Institute

The Beacon Hill Institute (BHI) is the research arm of the Department of Economics at Suffolk University in Boston. It was founded in 1991 by businessman and Republican politician Ray Shamie. The institute, considered to be fiscally conservative, draws on faculty and student resources to analyze issues. They distribute research to interested citizens and to opinion leaders and policy makers through various print and electronic media, including its quarterly newsletter, BHI NewsLink; policy studies; BHI FaxSheets; policy forums; opinion editorials; radio and TV interviews; and its web site.
The institute describes itself as "grounded in the principles of limited government, fiscal responsibility and free markets", and has accepted funding from conservative foundations such as the Castle Rock Foundation (funded by the Coors family) and the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation.
BHI publications and events have been the subject of more than 1,000 reports, stories and opinion pieces in major newspapers and magazines throughout the United States, including "The Boston Globe", "Boston Herald", "Christian Science Monitor", "The Chronicle of Philanthropy", "Financial Times", "Los Angeles Times", "New Republic", "Newsweek", "The New York Times", "U.S. News and World Report", "Wall Street Journal" and "Washington Times". Coverage in the electronic media includes ABC World News Tonight, C-SPAN, CBS Evening News, CNBC, Fox News, MSNBC, National Public Radio and all major Boston radio and TV stations as well as AP, UPI, Reuters, and Bloomberg wire services.
BHI specializes in the development of economic and statistical models for policy analysis. These include STAMP and LAMP, computer generalized equilibrium models, that are frequently used in BHI analysis of state and local tax policy issues. These models have been criticized by Penn Future and Alberta H. Charney, Ph.D. of Arizona University for being proprietary "black boxes" that produces "outlier" results when compared to the more commonly used IMPLAN or REMI statistical models.

</doc>
<doc id="9802559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802559" title="Nervo and Knox">
Nervo and Knox

Jimmy Nervo and Teddy Knox were part of the original Crazy Gang. They started their stage careers as an acrobatic dancing team. They used this ability in many of the earlier Crazy Gang shows. Among their many routines, a slow motion wrestling act was developed into a humorous show stopper. In December 1926, the British division of DeForest Phonofilm released a short sound film of Nervo and Knox performing their song "The Love of Phtohtenese" (pronounced "Hot Knees").
Jimmy Nervo.
Jimmy Nervo was born as James Hollaway in London on 2 January 1898. Both his father and grandfather were circus owners, and he started performing in the circus at an early age. By the time he was eight, he was in a high wire act with his brothers. He started performing in Music Hall as a juggler when he was sixteen, using the name Jimmy Nervo. He married Minna Scott who was in the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company. He died in London on 5 December 1975.
Teddy Knox.
Teddy Knox was born in Gateshead on 12 July 1896. His full name was Albert Edward Cromwell Knox and he also started his career as a juggler, working with his brother under the stage name of "The Cromwells". In 1922, he was in the USA on Broadway in "The Ziegfeld Follies of 1922". He married Clarice Mayne who was also acting in the Music Halls. He died on 1 December 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9802577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802577" title="Anmatjere Community">
Anmatjere Community

The Anmatjere Community centres on the town of Ti Tree, Northern Territory, located approximately 200 km north of Alice Springs. The Stuart Highway runs through the centre of Ti Tree.
On 1 July 2008, the region covered by the Anmatyere council was merged into the Central Desert Shire. Anmatjere Council has ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="9802581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802581" title="Robert de Reddinge">
Robert de Reddinge

Robert de Reddinge was an English preaching friar, of the Dominican order; converted to Judaism about 1275. He appears to have studied Hebrew and by that means to have become interested in Judaism. He married a Jew, and was circumcised, taking the name of Hagin. Edward I, when he heard of this, brought the case before the Archbishop of Canterbury. It is said that this was one of the causes which led the king and his mother, Eleanor, to aim at the expulsion of the Jews from England.

</doc>
<doc id="9802582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802582" title="Al Zawiya University">
Al Zawiya University

The University of Azzawia ( "Jamaa't Azzawia") (previously known as Seventh of April University) is a university located in the city of Zawiya, Libya. It was established as an independent university in 1988. The campus is six kilometres south of the city centre, and serves the Zawiya and Nuqat al Khams districts.
History.
In 1983, University of Tripoli established a branch of their College of Education in Zawiya. In 1988, the Seventh of April University was established as an independent university with separate administration and funding.

</doc>
<doc id="9802596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802596" title="Edgardo Sogno">
Edgardo Sogno

Count Edgardo Pietro Andrea Sogno Rata del Vallino di Ponzone (29 December 1915 - 5 August 2000) was an Italian diplomat, partisan and political figure. He was born in an aristocratic family from Piedmont.
Under Fascism.
Sogno was born in Turin.
He joined the Italian military at 18 and was named sub-lieutenant in the regiment "Nizza Cavalleria". After graduating in jurisprudence, he volunteered for Mussolini's auxiliary units which fought in the Spanish Civil War in 1938 on the Francoist side. He then became collaborator of the Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1940, during World War II. He achieved two others diplomas in Rome and started frequenting some anti-fascist circles, which included Benedetto Croce and Giaime Pintor.
He was called by the army in 1942 to go to France. However, he was arrested a year later on charges of high treason for having publicly prophesied the victory of the United States. A monarchist, he was during these years close to the Italian Liberal Party (PLI), and became representant of the PLI at the National Liberation Committee ("Comitato di Liberazione Nazionale"). He created the Partisan group "Organizzazione Franchi" and obtained a gold medal for his acts, helping hundreds of Italian Jews and others seek safe haven in Switzerland.
After the war.
After the Liberation, he founded the "Corriere Lombardo" newspaper as well as "Costume". Edgardo Sogno was then elected deputy to the Constituent Assembly during the 1946 general election. He contested the June 2, 1946 referendum creating the Republic of Italy, deposing numerous appeals before the "Corte di Cassazione" in the aim of repealing the results of the vote (and restore monarchy). Although this failed, he became diplomat of the new regime, first in Buenos Aires where Juan Peron was head of state, then in Paris, London, Washington DC and, last, he was ambassador in Rangoon. While posted to Budapest, Hungary, in 1956, he helped people flee the country after anti-communist protests were halted by a Soviet invasion.
He returned to Italy in 1971, where he founded the "Comitati di Resistenza Democratica" (Committee of Democratic Resistance), an anti-communist politic centre. Three years later, he was accused by the communist magistrate Luciano Violante of having planned, along with Luigi Cavallo and Randolfo Pacciardi, the "Golpe bianco" ("white coup d'etat"), a supposed coup. Following a year and a half of prison, he was freed in 1978, the investigative magistrate declaring that he was in the impossibility to proceed in the trial. He was later completely exhonorated for attempting to plot a coup.
Liberal, monarchist, then admirator of Charles de Gaulle, Edgardo Sogno returned to politics only in 1996, as candidate to the Italian Senate, in Cuneo, for the National Alliance ("Alleanza Nazionale") party founded by Gianfranco Fini. Failing to be elected, he retired to private life.
In his 1998 memoirs, Sogno revealed how he had visited the CIA station chief in Rome in July 1974 to inform him of his plans for an anti-communist coup. He wrote: "I told him that I was informing him as an ally in the struggle for the freedom of the west and asked him what the attitude of the American government would be," and then: "He answered what I already knew: the United States would have supported any initiative tending to keep the communists out of government."

</doc>
<doc id="9802606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802606" title="Bradley-Martin Ball">
Bradley-Martin Ball

The Bradley-Martin Ball was a lavish costume ball at the Waldorf Hotel in New York City on the night of February 10, 1897. Cornelia Bradley-Martin organized the ball, with the intention of making it "the greatest party in the history of the city". Eight hundred socialites spent about $400,000 imitating kings and queens. Bradley-Martin's stated intention was to create an economic stimulus for New York City, which was at the end of the Long Depression which began in 1873 and included the Panic of 1893. The Bradley-Martins spent approximately $9.7 million dollars in today's money to throw the ball. Across the country, preachers and editorial writers argued over the propriety of a party that would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. In the end, the ball was a social triumph but created negative publicity.
Before the Ball.
In the three weeks leading up to it, New York society made the ball its one topic of discussion. The Commercial Advertiser exclaimed: "There is a great stir today in fashionable circles and even in public circles. The cause of it all is the Bradley Martin ball, beside which the arbitration treaty, the Cuban question, and the Lexow investigation seem to have become secondary matters of public interest." The Bradley-Martins drew fire from all directions, as newspapers criticized its extravagance and during their sermons, clergymen urged their congregations not to attend. One clergyman denounced the ball by saying: "You rich people put next to nothing in the collection plate, and yet you’ll spend thousands of dollars on Mrs. Bradley-Martin’s ball”. The New York World said, in the group of guests were eighty-six persons whose total wealth was "more than most men can grasp." There were a dozen men who had $10,000,000 or more, and twice as many with $5,000,000, in a time when the average income of an American was $400 a year. Of the forty men present, said the World, not half a dozen were not millionaires. The guests included: Caroline Webster Schermerhorn Astor, known simply as Mrs. Astor, costumed as Mary, Queen of Scots, her son John Jacob Astor as Henry IV of France and his wife as Marie Antoinette
, James L. Breese as the Duke of Guise, John Pierpont Morgan, Charles Childs as Lady Teazle, Hermann Oelrichs as a Dutch Bergomaster, Charles Post as Madame de Maintenon, Stanford White in a Court costume of black velvet and white satin, the artist Adolfo Müller-Ury as a Spanish toreador, Pierpont Morgan as Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, and Hamilton Fish Webster as Maria Theresa of Austria.
Concept.
Cornelia Bradley-Martin’s idea was to give a costume ball at so short notice that her guests would not have time to get their dresses from Paris, and instead support local businesses. This overlapped with the idea that it was much better for the laboring people if the wealthy spent their money locally instead of taking it to Europe.
The Reverend Dr. Rainsford believed in the rich giving money to be distributed as charity, whereas others, including the members of the Musical Mutual Protective Union (MMPU), disagreed. They believed in the wealthy spending their wealth in enjoying themselves, and thus giving hundreds and thousands of working people an opportunity to earn money and maintain their self-respect instead of having to accept charity. The MMPU became indignant when they heard that the Marine Band was to be at the ball instead of musicians from their union. The members of the Marine Band did not urgently need the money that they were going to receive from the ball.
Preparations.
Florist Small was in charge of the decorations for the Bradley-Martin ball. Decorating the Waldorf began on the morning of February 9 by A.W. Merritt, Small’s colleague. In the days leading up to the event, dealers’ stocks and household stores were ransacked to supply the demand for ornaments and historical accuracy. All the jewelers who dealt in antiques were cleaned out of all they had on hand. Jewels held as heirlooms by the old families of New York were taken from safety vaults. Laces that had been locked away in family chests or in safe deposit vaults for long years had been retrieved.
Twelve hundred invitations were issued for the event, and more than half of those invited were in attendance. Some who did come also left early, seeming to have made an appearance out of curiosity.
The Waldorf.
"The interior of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel was transformed into a replica of Versailles, and rare tapestries, beautiful flowers and countless lights made an effective background for the wonderful gowns and their wearers."
Police officers stood guard at the entrance to the Waldorf. The Bradley-Martins arrived first at 10:15 pm. At half past 10 a group of carriages arrived and before 11 the stream of guests had become continuous. The guests were ushered into the Waldorf, whereupon they ascended to the corridors on the second floor where 15 dressing rooms were available for the use and comfort of the guests. Some guests, preferring not to expose themselves on the street while wearing tempting fortunes in jewels and laces, changed into their costumes at this point. This wasn’t done through any feeling of fear, but merely as a wise precaution. Wigmakers and make-up artists were available in these rooms. When leaving the dressing rooms the guests headed to the smaller ballroom. It was here where Cornelia Bradley-Martin received her guests. A lackey announced the guests’ names and the characters they impersonated to her. This stream of guests poured by her for nearly 90 minutes and it was after midnight before she was able to enter the main ballroom to take her place in the opening "quadrille d’honneur".
Costumes.
Cornelia Bradley-Martin requested her guests to pick something from the 16th, 17th, or 18th centuries, and some came dressed as George Washington, a Japanese nobleman, an Egyptian princess and Pocahontas. A list was compiled and published in the New York Times three days prior to the event, listing guests and the historical characters they were going to impersonate and what costumes they were going to wear. Bradley-Martin "personated Mary Stuart, and her gold embroidered gown was trimmed with pearls and precious stones worth more than $60,000.[http://www.oldandsold.com/articles08/waldorf-astoria-10.shtml] Bradley (Martin), as Louis XV, wore a Court suit of brocade". "In many cases the diamond buttons worn by the men represented thousands of dollars, and the value of the historic gems worn by the ladies baffles description." Otto Cushing, a young artist from Boston, created quite a stir when he appeared as an Italian falconer's costume which consisted of full body tights, a short jacket and a cap with a stuffed falcon on one arm. "The costume left little to the imagination as far as the figure was concerned, and, although historically correct in every detail, was so decidedly pronounced that he made a sensation wherever he moved."
Decorations.
The smaller ballroom was set throughout with furniture of the Louis XV period, and the walls were hung with tapestry draperies. Roses were hurled en masse against the draperies and let remain where they landed. The side of the room, where the Hungarian band was placed, was concealed by long-stemmed roses and garlands were dropped from the center to each side and over the mirrors. The Hungarian Band, under the leadership of Carl Berlinger, played 12 concert selections, chosen by Mrs. Bradley-Martin, throughout the evening.
Upon entering the grand ballroom the guests faced a wall in which 15 mirrors were imbedded. The far side of the room, the musicians’ balcony, was concealed by pink roses, with garlands also hanging from above. There were over 5,000 roses and 3,000 orchids in these various groupings.
The café and the court were also decorated, with a desired homelike effect. 125 tables were set up, each to accommodate six guests, with a centerpiece of Beauty roses.
Music.
The "danse d’honneur", arranged by Caroline Astor, opened the ball. The company was led by Cornelia Bradley-Martin, in the role of the Queen, escorted by John Jacob Astor as the King. For this danse d’honneur, the orchestra played music composed by Beethoven. Following this, the orchestra started playing one of Chopin’s polonaises announcing the approach of the wife of Edmund L. Baylies and her associates for the minuet. When they formed for the minuet the orchestra struck into Mozart’s dance music out of "Don Giovanni". The dance of the debutantes was next, and it was livelier than the others and the most difficult of all. The members of this set, organized by the wife of Frederic Bronson, danced a Hungarian Court quadrille, the Kormagyar, in music arranged by Allen Dodworth. This quadrille ended the exhibition dances. General dancing followed the three quadrilles until supper time.
Supper.
"Between the grand ballroom and the cafe, used on this occasion for the supper room, is a barricade of windows, which were thrown open about 1 o'clock in the morning, and the guests were then at liberty to enjoy the delights of the cuisine. The menu was as follows:
Entertainment and Favors.
The cotillion commenced at three, and spectators found amusement as the gentlemen danced it with swords at their sides. Swords got tangled in gowns and laces, and courtiers tripped over them, to the delight of the spectators. Elisha Dyer, Jr. led the cotillion.
Cornelia Bradley-Martin selected small silver figures and a staff as “favors” for each of the guests of the ball. The “favors” were awarded by Elisha Dyer, Jr. as leader of the cotillion.
Reaction and Controversy.
After the ball many ministers preached against its excessive consumption and the authorities promptly raised Bradley-Martin’s taxes (as well as those of their friends and fellow-attendees the Astors) quite out of proportion to those paid by anyone else. The Bradley-Martins returned to England, where they had owned a home for several years, and Scotland, where they leased a estate, Balmacaan.
Although historians have repeated oft-told half-truths without conducting primary research, the Bradley-Martin ball is perhaps best-remembered as the end of the excesses of the Gilded Age.

</doc>
<doc id="9802607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802607" title="Echo FM">
Echo FM

Echo Fm is a New Zealand radio station that plays most genres of music. It was started up in early 2006 as 'Springs FM' but changed its name soon after. Echo Fm aims to further invest in transmission equipment as to improve range. 
Echo Fm currently broadcasts to:
Auckland.
88.1 Echo Fm mainly reaches Western Springs, Grey Lynn, Ponsonby, Newmarket, Point Chevalier and Mt Albert.

</doc>
<doc id="9802621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802621" title="Colfax Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Colfax Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Colfax Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 266 and it contained 116 housing units.
History.
Colfax Township formed from Tolono Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains six cemeteries: Craw, Davis Memorial, Deadman's Grove, Dunkard, Dunn and Saint Boniface.

</doc>
<doc id="9802626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802626" title="Guido Bodländer">
Guido Bodländer

Guido Bodländer (31 July 1855 – 25 December 1904) was a German chemist.
After graduating from the University of Breslau in 1882, he became an assistant to Moritz Traube (1826-1894) in his laboratory at Breslau. Later, Bodländer worked as a chemist in Bonn and Göttingen. In 1899 he became a professor of chemistry in Braunschweig. He was in line to succeed Walther Nernst (1864-1941) as chair of physical chemistry at the University of Göttingen, however Bodländer died at the age of 49 prior to attaining the position. 
Bodländer is remembered for his work with Richard Abegg (1869-1910) and the "theory of valence" based on electrical affinities. Their findings created a new principle of inorganic chemistry.

</doc>
<doc id="9802638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802638" title="Juan Carrasco (apologist)">
Juan Carrasco (apologist)

Juan Carrasco (died c. 1670) was an apologist, of Marrano parentage. He was born in Madrid and is sometimes called Carrasco of Madrid. 
Carrasco had first been an Augustin friar at Burgos and an excellent preacher. Later, on a journey to Rome, he became a convert to Judaism at Livorno. He was familiar with the writings of Nahmanides, Isaac Abravanel, and others, and while in Holland (probably at Amsterdam, where he was circumcised) he wrote in Spanish his "Apology of Judaism." This work was published at Nodriza (The Hague) in 1633, and was later incorporated in the "Coleccion de Reformadores Españoles," published by Wiffen, who believed Carrasco to have been a Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="9802648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802648" title="John Philip Bourke">
John Philip Bourke

John Philip Bourke (5 August 1860 – 13 January 1914) was an Australian poet.
Bourke was born in Nundle, New South Wales, on the Peel River diggings, New South Wales, the son of William David Bourke, butcher, and his wife Jane, "née" Shepherd. After a primary education, he became a prospector with his father. At 17 years of age, he sold a claim for £600. He then became a school teacher in September 1882 and occasionally contributed verse to "The Bulletin". He retired from the education department in 1887 after being found drunk by a school inspector. In 1894 he went to the recently discovered goldfields in Western Australia, prospected in various parts of the west, and at variously made and lost a considerable sums of money. About the turn of the 20th century Bourke took up journalism and was a regular contributor to the "Kalgoorlie Sun". He was a writer of vigorous prose and verse which gave him a local reputation, but he was comparatively little known away from the gold-mining towns. He visited the eastern states of Australia for medical advice and to seek a publisher for his books in 1913.
Bourke died at Boulder, Western Australia, on 13 January 1914. A selection from his verse, "Off the Bluebush", edited by A. G. Stephens, was published in Sydney in 1915. 
'Bluebush' Bourke was a popular poet, one of the leading poets of the goldfields along with E. B. Murphy. In his own phrase they were "singers standing on the outer rim, who touch the fringe of poetry at times". Murphy wrote more and had the larger audience, but Bourke was the more musical and more often did succeed in touching the fringe of poetry. 
Bourke's own estimation of his talent was modest:

</doc>
<doc id="9802660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802660" title="Non-use value">
Non-use value

Non-use value is the value that people assign to economic goods (including public goods) even if they never have and never will use it. It is distinguished from use value, which people derive from direct use of the good. The concept is most commonly applied to the value of natural and built resources. 
Non-use value as a category may include:
Rick Freeman (1993) suggests yet another variant that he calls "pure non-use value", defined as the value that occurs for an individual when current prices preclude use of a good, but there exists some lower price at which the individual would use the good. The continued availability of the good provides some value to the individual insofar as s/he may eventually be in a position to use the good. 
All of these categories are offspring of the original concept of option value that was introduced into the cost benefit analysis lexicon in 1964 by Burton Weisbrod to justify individuals' valuation of goods, assets and resources that they do not actually use. In general, it is not possible to use market prices or other revealed preference methods to measure non-use value. As a result, "stated preference"" survey methods are generally used, including most prominently contingent valuation methods (CVM).
See also.
Total economic value 
Cost benefit analysis 
Option value 
Bequest value

</doc>
<doc id="9802661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802661" title="USS Kennebago (AO-81)">
USS Kennebago (AO-81)

USS "Kennebago" (AO-81) was an serving in the United States Navy during World War II. Laid down on 9 January 1943, she was named for the Kennebago River located in Rangeley, Maine.
"Kennebago", a type T2-SE-A2 tanker hull, was built at Marinship, Sausalito, California, and launched on 9 May 1943, sponsored by Mrs. W. E. Waste, the ship was commissioned by the US Navy on 4 December 1943.
Service history.
United States Navy, 1943–1946.
After an initial shakedown cruise off the west coast, "Kennebago" departed San Diego on 24 January 1944 for various bases in the Aleutians carrying fuel oil and aviation gasoline. She returned to San Diego on 28 February, loaded with fuel, and departed for the Marshall Islands. She arrived on 15 April and continued to make fueling runs from Pearl Harbor to the Marshalls.
After the United States invasion of the Marianas, "Kennebago" departed the Marshalls on 19 June, and arrived in Saipan on 22 June to refuel ships of the 5th Fleet. After continuing refueling operations in the area, she departed Manus on 9 October to rendezvous with Vice Admiral Mitscher's Fast Carrier Task Force, Task Force 38, conducting operations in the Philippine Sea. After refueling ships until 23 October, she departed for Ulithi, continuing to refuel ships east of the Philippines until 25 December. Next, she would support the landing operations in Lingayen Gulf, fueling ships that were operating as part of the task force. She continued on refueling operations in the theater until 6 April 1945, when she would sail for Los Angeles, California, arriving there 24 April.
After a brief overhaul, "Kennebago" was again ready for operations in the Western Pacific, departing on 12 June, after brief stops in San Francisco, California, and Pearl Harbor. After arriving back at Ulithi on 4 July, she continued refueling ships operating in Japanese waters off Honshū. 
After the Japanese surrender, she operated out of Okinawa until 9 October, when she would steam to Taku, China to support the United States 7th Fleet in support of the Nationalist Chinese troops fighting the Communist Chinese for control of China. After returning to Pearl Harbor on 28 December, she returned to Hong Kong on 26 January 1946 and sailed for San Francisco on 17 February. Once returning stateside, "Kennebago" sailed for Boston, Massachusetts on 28 March, arriving 19 April.
Military Sea Transportation Service, 1949–1959.
After over a year, "Kennebago" was transferred to the Maritime Commission on 27 May 1947 as part of the National Defense Reserve Fleet. She was reacquired by the United States Navy on 1 October 1949 and was placed in service with the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS "Kennebago" (T-AO-81) in September 1950. After serving in the Korean War and supporting the American naval power during the early Cold War, she was released to the Maritime Administration on 27 November 1957 in Beaumont, Texas. Again, she was reacquired by the Navy on 23 May 1958 for logistical supply in the Pacific. During 1959, she served the 6th Fleet operating in the Mediterranean Sea. After returning to New York City on 22 May 1959 she was transferred to the National Defense Reserve Fleet again in the James River, Virginia on 23 June 1959.
United States Army, 1966–1971.
On 20 May 1966, "Kennebago" served her final mission for the United States Army in Vietnam. Together [http://www.frisco-tx.net/RVN/Instamatic1/html/700504-TamalpaisKennebago.htm] with , the ship served as a floating power station anchored near Nha Trang, Vietnam, until at least May 1971.
Awards, Citations, Campaign Ribbons.
USS "Kennebago" earned seven different awards throughout the course of her career. She has earned the China Service Medal, the American Campaign Medal, six Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medals, the World War II Victory Medal, the Navy Occupation Service Medal (with Asia clasp), the National Defense Service Medal, and the Philippine Liberation Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9802667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802667" title="Nibble (disambiguation)">
Nibble (disambiguation)

Nibble is a computing term for a four-bit aggregation.
Nibble, nibbles or nibbler may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9802685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802685" title="Shellshock (Marvel Comics)">
Shellshock (Marvel Comics)

Shellshock is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
Publication history.
Shellshock first appeared in "Fantastic Four Annual" #5 (November 1967), and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.
The character subsequently appears in "Marvel Two-In-One" #70 (December 1980), #96 (February 1983), and "Captain America" #319 (July 1986), in which he was killed by the Scourge of the Underworld.
Fictional character biography.
Shellshock was a flunky of Psycho-Man. When he left Psycho-Man’s employ, he kept the weapon designed for him and teamed up with another former flunky of Psycho-Man, Live Wire. They attempted to steal Alicia Masters’s statues, but were defeated by the Thing.
Shellshock was present at the “Bar With No Name” attending a meeting by the former supervillain Gary Gilbert (Firebrand) to discuss the menace of the Scourge of the Underworld. Ironically, the Scourge had already infiltrated the meeting, disguised as the bartender, and opened fire on the assembled villains, killing most of them, including Shellshock.
Equipment.
Shellshock used a special handgun that fired assorted projectiles, including shock blasts, microwave energy, gas grenades, explosive miniature missiles, heat-seeking and guided projectiles, and an expanding yeast-putty which entangled opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="9802699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802699" title="József Bánóczi">
József Bánóczi

József Bánóczi (July 4, 1849 – 1926) was a Hungarian Jewish scholar.
Bánóczi was born in Szt. Gál, Veszprém, Hungary. He was educated at the schools of his native town, and afterward at the universities of Budapest, Vienna, Berlin, Göttingen, and Leipsic, and then went to Paris and London to finish his studies. Bánóczi became in 1878 privat-docent of philosophy at the University of Budapest, in 1879 member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, and in 1892 member of the Landesschulrath (royal board of education).
Bánóczi also occupied various positions in the Jewish community. From 1877 to 1893 he was professor at the Budapest Jewish Theological Seminary, and in 1887 he became principal of the Budapest normal school for the education of teachers. In 1896 he was secretary of the Hungarian Society for the Promotion of Jewish Literature, and in 1897 member of the Delegation of Hungarian Jews.
At the insistence of Dr. Beck, the Bucharest rabbi, Bánóczi and Prof. Wilhelm Bacher took the necessary steps to save from certain ruin the congregation and schools of the sect of Szekler Sabbatarians in Transylvania who converted to Judaism in 1868.
Bánóczi, together with Bernát Alexander, edited the "Filozofiai Írók Tára"; he also edited Erdélyi's philosophical writings (1885), and the works of Károly Kisfaludy, 6 vols., 1893. 
He was a contributor to the "Philosophische Monatshefte" and many Hungarian literary magazines, and puoblished papers in the programs of the Normal School for Teachers.
Works.
Contributions to Jewish literature:

</doc>
<doc id="9802753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802753" title="IS4C">
IS4C

IS4C or Integrated Systems for Co-ops is a free web-based point of sale software for retail stores initially developed by Tak Tang for the Wedge Community Co-op in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The software utilizes an SQL database and enables tracking of customer purchase totals that cooperatives use in calculating patronage refunds for their members. IS4C and Fannie, its backend management system were written almost exclusively in PHP. IS4C software is used primarily by food cooperatives and has been released under the GNU General Public License. Versions of IS4C have been adopted by Whole Foods Co-op, People's Food Co-op, Alberta Cooperative Grocery, River Valley Market, and the Clintonville Community Market Co-op in Columbus, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="9802766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802766" title="Nicolas Antoine">
Nicolas Antoine

Nicolas Antoine (c.1602 – April 20, 1632) was a French Protestant theologian and pastor who attempted to convert to Judaism, although he was never officially admitted to Judaism, due to fears by the Jewish community that persecutions would happen if it became known that he was an apostate of 
Christianity. He was advised instead to live the life of a crypto-Jew. He suffered martyrdom by being burned at the stake in Geneva on April 20, 1632.
Early life.
Nicolas Antoine was born of Catholic parents in 1602 or 1603 at Briey, a small town of Lorraine. For five years he attended the college at Luxemburg, and was then sent to Pont-à-Mousson, Treves, and Cologne for higher instruction under the Jesuits. Their influence, however, seems to have been nil; for when Antoine returned to Briey, at the age of twenty, he was no longer an ardent Catholic. 
The doctrines of Protestantism attracted him, and he allowed himself to be converted by the fervent eloquence of Ferri, a preacher of reputation, and pastor of the Reformed Church in Metz. The young convert then attended the academies of Sedan and Geneva in order to study the Reformed faith, but the deeper he delved into the study of Protestantism the less fervent became his enthusiasm; and he very soon arrived at the most unexpected conclusion; namely, that the Old Testament alone contained the truth. 
Crypto-Judaism.
The rabbinate of Metz refused to receive the young man into Judaism, offering as an excuse the fear of reprisals on the part of the authorities, and Antoine was advised to go to the Netherlands or to Italy, where Jews enjoyed more liberty. Accompanied by a Christian clergyman whom he had known in Sedan, and whom he attempted to convert to Judaism on the way, he traveled to Venice. There he found that the prevailing conditions had been too favorably depicted. The Jews were tolerated by the Venetian Republic merely for commercial reasons; they lived in the Venetian Ghetto and were obliged to wear a yellow disk. The Venetian Jews could offer Antoine no more encouragement than their brethren of Metz. At Padua he met with a similar check. According to the documents produced at his trial, the Italian Jews gave him the "diabolical advice" to pursue the life of a pious Jew under the cloak of the Church. Antoine proceeded to Geneva, where he accepted a position as tutor in the family of the pastor and professor Diodati. For some time he also taught the upper class of the college, but, being an apostate from Catholicism, he was not considered sufficiently orthodox to be entrusted with the chair of philosophy at the Academy of Geneva.
Protestant pastor.
Antoine, desiring to marry, sought another appointment. A new Protestant parish had just been formed at Divonne, a little village of the district of Gex, which had belonged to France since 1602, but was now under the religious jurisdiction of Geneva; and there Antoine obtained the position of pastor. 
Once installed, he sought to pacify his conscience. Revealing his inmost convictions to no one, he secretly observed a thoroughly Jewish mode of life, saying his prayers in Hebrew and observing all the Mosaic rites. In his public services he pronounced the name of Jesus as seldom as possible. He was never known to read the apostolic confession audibly. In the communion service, instead of the words "This is my body, this is my blood" he was once heard to say "Your Savior remembers you". His sermons, the texts for which were taken exclusively from Isaiah and the other prophets, became celebrated far and wide; yet they lacked any peculiarly Christian characteristics.
The peasants of Divonne were perfectly satisfied with their pastor, who was eloquent in the extreme and full of kindness toward them; they were not shocked by the vague form of his sermons, but the lord of the adjoining manor was outraged. One Sunday, Antoine preached on the second Psalm, which, according to orthodox Christian theology, announces the coming of the son of God. Antoine, on the contrary, declared that God had no son and that there was but the one God. This was too much for the lord, he remonstrated loudly with the heretical pastor and threatened to denounce him to the synod.
Antoine fell into gloomy despair; a nervous attack deprived him of his reason. To several colleagues from Geneva who had come to see him he began to chant the seventy-fourth Psalm, then he suddenly stopped, and, exclaiming that he was a Jew, blasphemed Christianity. He was put to bed but he escaped his watchers, passed the night wandering through the country, and was found the next morning in Geneva in a most pitiable condition, kneeling in the streets and calling loudly upon the god of Israel. He was placed in an asylum for the insane on Feb. 11, 1632. Medical treatment accomplished but little for him. His clerical colleagues did all they could to induce him to change his religion but he never ceased to proclaim that he was a Jew and desired to remain a Jew.
Imprisonment and execution.
A charge of heresy could no longer be avoided; the chief of the Geneva police arrested Antoine, and instituted proceedings. While he was in prison the clergy were tireless in seeking his reconversion, trying in vain to make him sign a declaration of orthodox faith. Bidden to formulate his religious belief, he drew up twelve articles, which were submitted to an ecclesiastical court. In them he gave the tenets of Judaism in the style of Maimonides' Thirteen Principles of Faith, and added "eleven philosophical objections against the dogma of the Trinity." At the same time he addressed to the judges three memorials, two of which have been preserved. In spite of the exertions of Metrezat, a pastor of Paris, and others, the judges were immovable. 
The trial commenced April 11; Antoine's attitude, full of dignity, aroused much sympathy. The threats of the judges were of no more avail than the persuasions of his colleagues. He repeated constantly: "I am a Jew; and all I ask of God's grace is to die for Judaism." The court sought to show that he had promulgated his heretical doctrines at Geneva: this he contradicted most forcibly. All the efforts of the judges were met with the unchanging reply, "With the help of God I am determined to die in my present belief." Fifteen clergymen or professors of theology were summoned as witnesses. Several of them begged for a light sentence, since, in their opinion, Antoine had committed no sin by becoming a Jew, although for his hypocrisy he deserved unfrocking or banishment, or, at worst, excommunication. Furthermore, they said that the matter ought not to be hastened, and that the advice of the various churches and academies should be sought. A fanatical majority, however, insisted that the judges should seize the present opportunity to demonstrate their faith, since it was most dangerous to absolve one who had professed Judaism while wearing the garb of a Christian priest. For some days longer the judges waited for Antoine to recant. As his recantation was not forthcoming, they pronounced sentence April 20, 1632; condemning him to be loaded with chains, placed upon a pyre, to be there strangled, and then burned. In vain the clergy petitioned for a respite; Antoine was executed the same day.
References.
"Antoine Nicolas" at jewishencyclopedia.com 

</doc>
<doc id="9802768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802768" title="Taufusi">
Taufusi

Taufusi is a village on the Samoan island of Upolu. It is part of the Vaimauga West Electoral Constituency ("Faipule District"). 
, Tuamasaga District, in the Apia Urban Area of Samoa. The village had a population of 772 at the 2001 census. The village name in English means Swamp as it was a swampy area in late 1800s. Taufusi is bordered by Saleufi to the North, Tuloto to the East, Lalovaea to the South East, Mt. Vaea and Palisi to the South, Vaimea and Fugalei to the West.

</doc>
<doc id="9802783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802783" title="Cupid and Death">
Cupid and Death

Cupid and Death is a mid-seventeenth-century masque, written by the Caroline era dramatist James Shirley, and performed on 26 March 1653 before the Portuguese ambassador to Great Britain. The work and its performance provide a point of contradiction to the standard view that the England of Oliver Cromwell and the Interregnum was uniformly hostile to stage drama.
Background.
After the closure of the theatres in 1642 at the start of the English Civil War, Shirley earned a living as a schoolteacher. As part of his new occupation, he wrote dramas — morality plays and masques — for his students to perform. The final works of his career, including "Honoria and Mammon" and "The Contention of Ajax and Ulysses" (both published in 1659), were works for student performers. "Cupid and Death" is another work in this category, though its resemblances with the great masques of the late Stuart Court have been noted by critics — it "is much more like a Court Masque than any of Shirley's other school Masques". Perhaps this aspect of the work made it seem appropriate for the Portuguese ambassador, the Count of Peneguiaõ. Shirley's past Royalist connections with the Stuart Court, and even his Roman Catholicism, clearly (if surprisingly) did not stand as insuperable obstacles to a public staging of the work.
Publication.
"Cupid and Death" was first published in quarto in 1653, by the booksellers John Crook and John Baker. It was reprinted in 1659. The full musical score for the masque, by Matthew Locke and Christopher Gibbons, has survived, and was published together with Shirley's text in a modern edition in 1951.
Sources.
The drama depends on a traditional tale, found in Aesop and many subsequent versions. For his source, Shirley employed a 1651 translation of Aesop by John Ogilby, with whom he'd worked at the Werburgh Street Theatre in the later 1630s. Shirley wrote commendatory verses for Ogilby's volume.
Plot.
In the tale and in Shirley's retelling, Death and Cupid accidentally exchange their arrows and cause chaos as a result. Cupid shoots potential lovers and inadvertently kills them. Death shoots at elderly people whose time of passing has come, and strikes them ardent instead; he shoots duellists about to fight, and they drop their swords to embrace and dance and sing. The "serious" portion of the masque features the kind of personifications standard in the masque form: Nature, Folly, Madness, and Despair. As usual in masques of Shirley's era, the work contains a comic anti-masque, with a tavern Host and a Chamberlain, and a dance of "Satyrs and Apes." (The poor Chamberlain is struck by Death with Cupid's arrow, and falls in love with an ape.) The god Mercury eventually intervenes to set things right; Cupid is banished from the courts of princes to common people's cottages (a suitably sober moral for the Puritan regime then in power). The slain lovers are shown rejoicing in Elysium.
""Cupid and Death" resembles Caroline masque in its use of staging, music, dance, singing and dialogue. Yet it differs in that the masquers take part in the action and they do not dance with the audience at the end...The balance between spoken prose dialogue, recitative and song carries the performance away from masque and towards opera, a form Davenant planned to introduce to the London stage as early as 1639."
"Cupid and Death" was performed at Rutland Boughton's Glastonbury Festival in 1919, by the Consorte of Musicke (notably Anthony Rooley and Emma Kirkby) in 1985, and by the Halastó Kórus (directed by Göttinger Pál) in Budapest in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9802787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802787" title="Hawkeye State">
Hawkeye State

The Hawkeye State is a nickname for the state of Iowa. According to the state's tourism web site, "Two Iowa promoters from Burlington are believed to have popularized the name." The nickname was given approval by "territorial officials" in 1838, eight years before Iowa became a state.
The men responsible for the promotion of this nickname are thought to be Judge David Rorer of Burlington and newspaper publisher James G. Edwards. The city of Burlington had been established in 1833 after the previous year's Black Hawk War. Edwards changed the name of his Burlington newspaper, "The Iowa Patriot", to "The Hawk-Eye and Iowa Patriot" in tribute to friend Chief Black Hawk, a Sauk leader. Edwards proposed the nickname "Hawk-eyes" in 1838 to "...rescue from oblivian a momento [sic, at least of the name of the old chief", Black Hawk. The University of Iowa's athletic teams are nicknamed the Hawkeyes and feature a mascot named Herky the Hawk. 

</doc>
<doc id="9802817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802817" title="Brook Lopez">
Brook Lopez

Brook Lopez (born April 1, 1988) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is the twin brother of basketball player Robin Lopez, who plays for the Portland Trail Blazers. Lopez was selected 10th overall by the Nets in the 2008 NBA Draft, after playing two years for Stanford in the Pacific-10 Conference of the NCAA. In 2013, Lopez was selected to play in his first NBA All-Star Game.
Early life.
Brook Lopez was born in North Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, to Deborah Ledford and his now-estranged father, Heriberto Lopez, a native of Cuba. His grandfather played at the University of Colorado. Lopez moved from Hollywood to Oak Harbor, Washington, while in second grade to be near his older brother, Alex, who was playing basketball at the University of Washington at the time. He moved to his current hometown of Fresno, California, a year later, where he attended San Joaquin Memorial High School. While there he played basketball with his twin brother, Robin Lopez, as well as Quincy Pondexter, a fellow NBA player. Both teammates played with Lopez on their successful AAU team, the Elite Basketball Organization (EBO), along with Derrick Jasper and Tre'Von Willis, both of UNLV. Brook, along with his brother, Robin, committed to Stanford University early in 2005. The Lopez twins were the second twin combination at Stanford, following Jason Collins and Jarron Collins.
College career.
The 2006-2007 basketball season was Lopez's first season at Stanford University. He was honored as an All-Pac-10 Honorable Mention while being named to the All-Pac-10 Freshman Team. He averaged 12.6 points and 6.0 rebounds over the course of the season. His next season he averaged 19.3 points, 8.2 rebounds, 1.5 assists and 2.1 blocks per game. In the second round of the 2008 NCAA Tournament, Lopez hit the game winning shot at the buzzer against the Marquette Golden Eagles to win 82-81 in overtime. He was named to the All-Pac-10 First Team and an All-American Third Team his sophomore season. On March 31, 2008, both Lopez brothers declared for the 2008 NBA draft.
NBA career.
New Jersey/Brooklyn Nets (2008–present).
Rookie season.
Lopez was drafted by the New Jersey Nets 10th overall. His twin brother, Robin, was drafted 15th overall by the Phoenix Suns. Lopez played in his first NBA game on October 29, 2008 in a 95-85 Nets win. In his first game Lopez came off the bench and had 8 points 8 rebounds and 2 blocks in 25 minutes. Lopez began starting for the Nets after an injury took Josh Boone out of the line-up, and afterwards he started putting up solid numbers for the team. Lopez was selected to compete in the 2009 NBA All-Star Weekend Rookie Challenge. For his rookie season Lopez averaged 13.0 points, 8.1 rebounds and 1.9 blocks per game, playing in all 82 games of the regular season. He ranked 4th in the NBA in total blocks with 154 and 9th in blocks per game with 1.9, which was first among rookies. He finished third in the NBA Rookie of the Year voting and was named to the All-Rookie first team. He was selected as NBA Rookie of the Month twice in the months of January and February. The Nets finished at 34-48, failing to qualify for the playoffs.
2009–10 season.
The Nets started the 2009-10 season going 0-18, the worst start to a season in NBA history. Because of their start the Nets fired head coach Lawrence Frank. The Nets won their first game on December 4, 2009 against the Charlotte Bobcats 97-91. Lopez contributed in the win with 31 points and 14 rebounds. In his second season, Lopez established career bests in minutes played per game (36.9) and rebounds per game (8.6) while averaging 18.8 points per game. Lopez started in all the Nets' games in the 2009-10 season. Despite his improving play, however, the Nets struggled all season, finishing with one of the worst records in NBA history at 12-70; only 3 more wins than the 1972-73 Philadelphia 76ers.
2010–11 season.
For his third NBA season, Lopez for the third consecutive year played in all 82 regular season games. Lopez struggled rebounding the ball during the season and was criticized by head coach Avery Johnson because of his rebounding. During the season the Nets traded for all-star point guard Deron Williams. The move helped Lopez out significantly, as he saw his scoring average increase. During the season Lopez averaged 20.4 points, 6.0 rebounds, 1.6 assists, and 1.5 blocks. The Nets finished at 24-58, once again missing the playoffs. 
2011–12 season.
In the preseason of the lockout-shortened 2011-2012 campaign, Lopez broke his right foot and missed the first 32 games of the regular season. In his season debut against the Milwaukee Bucks, Lopez finished with 9 points and 2 boards. In only his third game back, he scored a season high 38 points in a road win over the Dallas Mavericks. Five games after his season debut, he injured his right ankle in a win over the Charlotte Bobcats. Due to the Nets' poor record, they decided to shut down Lopez for the remainder of the 2011-2012 season. In the little time that Lopez played he averaged 19.2 points and a career low in rebounds with 3.6.
2012–13 season.
On July 11, 2012, the Nets re-signed Lopez to a four year, $61 million contract extension. Lopez got off to a hot start in 2012, scoring 27 points in the season opener against the Toronto Raptors. He followed that performance by scoring 20 or more points in seven of the next twelve games, before injuring his ankle in a win over the Boston Celtics on November 28. The Nets struggled to a 2-5 record without Lopez before he returned on December 14. He began to play well again in late December, posting three straight 20 point, 10 rebound games, including a 35 point, 11 rebound performance in a win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on December 29. 
On January 30, 2013, NBA Commissioner David Stern selected Lopez to play in the 2013 NBA All-Star Game, his first All-Star appearance, replacing Rajon Rondo who had suffered a season-ending ACL injury. In the game, Lopez finished the game with 5 rebounds, 3 assists and 3 points in 11 minutes; all of his points came from the free throw line. On March 20, 2013, the Nets were on the road playing the Dallas Mavericks when Lopez had 38 points and 11 rebounds in a 113-97 Nets win. His 38 point total was only 1 point away from his career high of 39. At the end of the 2012-13 season, Lopez averaged 19.4 points and 6.9 rebounds as he also set a new career high in blocks with 2.1. At the end of the season the Nets won 49 games and were the fourth seed in the east. Lopez played all seven of the Nets playoff games, averaging 22.3 points and 7.4 rebounds. The Nets were eliminated in a seven-game first round series by the Chicago Bulls.
2013–14 season.
In a season-opening loss at the Cleveland Cavaliers, Lopez scored 21 points and grabbed 5 rebounds. On November 15, 2013, Lopez logged 27 points and 7 rebounds in an overtime win over the Phoenix Suns. On December 7, 2013, Lopez had 32 points and 7 rebounds against the Milwaukee Bucks. On December 20, 2013, the Nets announced Lopez was out for the remainder of the season with a foot injury he had suffered the night before against the Philadelphia 76ers. In the 17 games that Lopez played, he averaged 20.7 points 6 rebounds 56.3% from the field and 81.7 % from the free throw line. This was the first season he didn't manage to record at least one double-double.

</doc>
<doc id="9802830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802830" title="Pillow of Death">
Pillow of Death

Pillow of Death (1945) was the last of the Inner Sanctum mystery films. The movie stars Lon Chaney, Jr. and Brenda Joyce, was directed by Wallace Fox, and based on a story by Dwight V. Babcock. The "Inner Sanctum" franchise originated with a popular radio series and all of the films star Lon Chaney's son. It was the only entry in the series to dispense with the introduction by a disembodied head in a crystal ball, as well as the only one to feature comic-relief characters to alleviate the grim tone.
Plot.
Attorney Wayne Fletcher (Chaney, Jr.) intends to divorce his wife and marry his secretary (Joyce), who comes from a wealthy family. When the wife is found suffocated to death, he naturally becomes the suspect. As others are killed in the same manner and a phony medium (Bromberg) also claims Fletcher is guilty, Fletcher begins to imagine his dead wife is communicating with him, making it even more difficult for him to prove his innocence.

</doc>
<doc id="9802834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802834" title="Armaria">
Armaria

Armaria are a kind of closed, labeled cupboards that were used for book storage in ancient times up till the middle ages.
They were probably used in the library of Alexandria

</doc>
<doc id="9802843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802843" title="Compromise Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Compromise Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Compromise Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,463 and it contained 634 housing units.
History.
Compromise Township formed from parts of Kerr Township and Rantoul Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains five cemeteries: Huls, Kopman, Leal Park, Saint Lawrence and Welles.

</doc>
<doc id="9802865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802865" title="Antimafia Commission">
Antimafia Commission

The Italian Antimafia Commission is a bicameral commission of the Italian Parliament, composed of members from the Chamber of Deputies (Italian: Camera dei Deputati) and the Senate (Italian: Senato della Repubblica). The Antimafia Commission is a commission of inquiry into, initially, the “phenomenon of the Mafia”. Subsequent commissions investigated “organized crime of the Mafia type”, which included other Italian criminal organizations such as the Camorra, the 'Ndrangheta and the Sacra Corona Unita.
Its task is to study the phenomenon of organized crime in all its permutations and to measure the appropriateness of existing measures, legislatively and administratively, against results. The Commission has judicial powers in that it may instruct the judicial police to carry out investigations, it can ask for copies of court proceedings and is entitled to ask for any form of collaboration that it deems necessary. Those who provide testimony to the Commission are obliged to tell the truth. The Commission can report to Parliament as often as desired, but at least on an annual basis.
Preceding events.
The first proposal to constitute a commission of inquiry into the Mafia was the result of post-war struggles for land reform and the violent reaction against peasant organizations and its leaders, culminating in the killing of 11 people and the wounding of over thirty at a May 1 labour day parade in Portella della Ginestra. The attack was attributed to the bandit and separatist leader Salvatore Giuliano. Nevertheless, the Mafia was suspected of involvement in the Portella della Ginestra massacre and many other previous and subsequent attacks.
On September 14, 1948, a Parliamentary commission of inquiry into the public security situation on Sicily (Commissione parlamentare d'inchiesta sulla situazione dell'ordine pubblico) was proposed by deputy Giuseppe Berti of the Italian Communist Party (PCI) in a debate on the violence in Sicily. However, the proposal was turned down by Minister of the Interior, Mario Scelba, amidst indignant voices about prejudice against Sicily and Sicilians. 
Ten years later, in 1958, senator Ferruccio Parri again proposed to form a Commission. The proposal was not taken up by the parliamentary majority and in 1961 the Christian Democrat party (DC - Democrazia Cristiana) in the Senate and Sicilian politicians like Bernardo Mattarella and Giovanni Gioia (both later accused of links with the Mafia) dismissed the proposal as "useless". However, in March 1962, amidst gang wars in Palermo, the Sicilian Assembly asked for an official inquiry. On April 11, 1962, the Senate in Rome approved the bill, but it took eight months before the Chamber of Deputies put the law to a vote. It was finally approved it on December 20, 1962.
First Commission.
The first Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry on the Mafia phenomenon in Sicily (Italian: Commissione parlamentare d'inchiesta sul fenomeno della mafia in Sicilia) was formed in February 1963, in the midst of the First Mafia War, under the presidency of Paolo Rossi of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party (Partito Socialista Democratico Italiano, PSDI). It took a long time to form because newspapers and parliamentarians alike were opposed to the inclusion of Sicilians. It lasted less than three months before the general elections of April 28, 1963. 
The second president in the new legislature was the Christian Democrat Donato Pafundi, and was formed on June 5, 1963. Later that month, on June 30, 1963, a car bomb exploded in Ciaculli, an outlying suburb of Palermo, killing seven police and military officers sent to defuse it after an anonymous phone call. The bomb was intended for Salvatore "Ciaschiteddu" Greco, head of the Sicilian Mafia Commission and the boss of the Ciaculli Mafia family. The Ciaculli massacre changed the Mafia war into a war against the Mafia. It prompted the first concerted anti-mafia efforts by the state in post-war Italy. On July 6, 1963 the Antimafia Commission met for the first time. It would take 13 years and two more legislatures before a final report was submitted in 1976.
The PCI claimed the Christian Democrat party (DC) put members on the Commission to stop the inquiry moving too far in the political field, such as the Commission’s vice-president Antonio Gullotti and Giovanni Matta, a former member of the Palermo city council. Matta’s arrival in 1972 created a scandal, he had been mentioned in a report and was summoned to testify in the previous legislature about the role of the Mafia in real estate speculation. The PCI called for his resignation, and in the end the whole Commission under the presidency of Luigi Carraro had to resign and be recomposed without Matta again.
New legislation.
In September 1963 the Commission presented a draft law, passed by Parliament in May 1965 as Law 575 entitled ‘Dispositions against the Mafia’, the first time the word Mafia had been used in legislation. The law extended 1956 legislation concerning individuals considered to be ‘socially dangerous’ to those ‘suspected of belonging to associations of the Mafia type’. The measures included special surveillance; the possibility of ordering a suspect to reside in a designed place outside his home area and the suspension of publicly issued licenses, grants or authorizations. The law gave powers to a public prosecutor or questor (chief of police) to identify and trace the assets of anyone suspected of involvement in a Mafia-type association.
However, the efficacy of the new law was severely limited. Firstly, because there was no legal definition of a Mafia association. Secondly, because the obligation for mafiosi to reside in areas outside Sicily, actually opened up new opportunities to develop illicit activities in the cities of northern and central Italy.
Interim reports.
In 1966 Pafundi declared: “These rooms here are like an ammunition store. In order to give us the chance to the very root of the truth we don’t want them to explode too soon. We have here a load of dynamite.” However, the store never exploded, and in March 1968 Pafundi summed up the efforts of the Commission in three discreet pages. All the documents were locked away. Pafundi’s successor who took over the Commission in 1968 was a different man. Francesco Cattanei was a Christian Democrat from the north of Italy and he was determined to investigate thoroughly.
Cattanei came under attack of his fellow Christian Democrats. The party’s official newspaper, Il Popolo, wrote that the Commission had become an instrument of the Communists. Everything was tried to smear his reputation, but supported by the majority of the Commission and public opinion he resisted the pressure to resign. In July 1971 the Commission published an intermediary report with biographies of prominent mafiosi such as Tommaso Buscetta and summarized the characteristics of the Mafia.
The Commission investigated the activities and failed prosecution of Luciano Leggio, the administration of Palermo and the wholesale markets in the city, as well as the links between the Mafia and banditry in the post-War period. In its report of March 1972, the Commission said in its introduction: “Generally speaking magistrates, trade unionists, prefects, journalists and the police authorities expressed an affirmative judgement on the existence of more or less intimate links between Mafia and the public authorities … some trade unionists reached the point of saying that ‘the mafioso is a man of politics’.” The Commission’s main conclusion was that the Mafia was strong because it had penetrated the structure of the State.
The Commission was dissolved when new elections made an end to the legislature. In the next legislature, Cattanei was replaced with Luigi Carraro, a Christian Democrat that was more sensitive to the fears of the Christian Democrat Party that had been under attack of the Commission.
Disappointing results.
In 1972 Cesare Terranova, previously chief investigative prosecutor in Palermo who had prepared several Mafia Trials in the 1960s, such as the Trial of the 114, that had ended with disappointing little convictions, entered the Commission. He was elected for the Independent Left under the auspices of the Italian Communist Party (PCI). He became the secretary of the Commission. Terranova, together with PCI deputy Pio La Torre, wrote the minority report of the Commission, which pointed to links between the Mafia and prominent politicians, in particular of the Christian Democrat party (DC - Democrazia Cristiana).
Terranova had urged his colleagues of the majority to take their responsibility. According to the minority report:
In the final report of the first Commission, the former mayor of Palermo, Salvo Lima was described as one of the pillars of Mafia power in Palermo. It had no formal consequences for Lima. (In 1993 the fourth Commission led by Luciano Violante concluded that there were strong indications of relations between Lima and members of Cosa Nostra. By then Lima had been killed by the Mafia). In its conclusions, the Commission made many recommendations and offered much advice to those bodies that were going to take the job on. It criticized some authorities and condemned others. The government did nothing, however. When the results were published, every effort was made to confuse their message and diminish their value, and drowned in a sea of slander. The reports and the documentation of the Antimafia Commission were essentially disregarded. Terranova would talk of “thirteen wasted years” of the Antimafia Commission.
The final report was issued at a time when the question of the Mafia was pushed to the background by the political turmoil in the 1970s, known as the years of lead ("it: anni di piombo"), a period characterized by widespread social conflicts and terrorism acts attributed to far-right and far-left political movements and the secret services.
Second Commission.
The second Antimafia Commission was installed on September 13, 1982, in the midst of the Second Mafia War, after the killing of former deputy and member of the first Antimafia Commission, Pio La Torre, on April 30, 1982, and the prefect of Palermo, general Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa on September 3, 1982. The first president was the Christian Democrat senator Nicola La Penta, who was succeeded by the Communist deputy Abdon Alinovi.
The Commission had no power to investigate. It analysed Antimafia legislation, in particular the new Antimafia law (known as the Rognoni-La Torre law) and the performance of the state and judicial authorities. While the Commission was in function, the Maxi Trial against the Mafia took place in Palermo. The Commission also analysed new developments in Cosa Nostra after their entry in drug trafficking. The Commission was dissolved at the end of the legislature in July 1987.
Third Commission.
The third Commission was installed in March 1988 under the presidency of PCI senator Gerardo Chiaromonte. This Commission marked a change in operations: the focus shifted from analyses and knowledge about the Mafia to proposals at the legislative and administrative level. The Commission studied the connections between the four Mafia-type organizations and the links between the Mafia and secret Masonic lodges. It lobbied for the introduction of new legislation such as the reform of the Rognoni-La Torre law whereby asset seizure and confiscation provisions were applicable to other forms of criminal association including drug trafficking, extortion and usury among others.
The third Commission decided to make public the 2.750 files on links between the Mafia and politicians that had been kept secret by the first Commission. Looking ahead to the general elections of April 5, 1992, in February 1992 the Commission urged political parties to apply a code of self-regulation when presenting candidates, a measure intended to mirror the legislative provisions for public-office holders in 1990: no one should stand for election who had been committed for trial, was a fugitive from the law, was serving a criminal sentence, was subject to preventive measures or was convicted, even though not definitively, for crimes of corruption, Mafia association and a range of others.
A week before the election the Commission reported that on the basis of information received from two-thirds of the prefectures in the country, 33 candidates standing in the forthcoming elections were ‘non presentable’ according to the code of self-regulation.
Fourth Commission.
The fourth Commission was installed on June 8, 1992, after the murder of judge Giovanni Falcone on May 23 and was modified after the killing of his colleague Paolo Borsellino on July 19. On September 23, Luciano Violante from the Democratic Party of the Left (Partito democratico della Sinistra, PDS) was appointed president of the Commission. Under Violante’s leadership the Commission worked for 17 months until the dissolution of Parliament in February 1994. It passed 13 reports, but its most important one was on the relations between the Mafia and politics, the so-called "terzo livello" (third level) of the Mafia, on April 6, 1993.
The Commission had to work in one of Italy’s most critical moment when the country’s democracy was challenged by criminal subversion by the Mafia and the Mani pulite investigation that unravelled Tangentopoli (Italian for "bribeville"), the corruption-based political system that dominated Italy. Despite the political sensitive nature of the Commission’s work, Violante’s greatest achievement was that the most important reports were backed by all major parties instead, as in the past, of producing majority (government) and minority (opposition) reports on the same theme.
Important pentiti like Tommaso Buscetta, Antonio Calderone, Leonardo Messina and Gaspare Mutolo gave testimonies. It found that Salvo Lima, a former Christian Democrat mayor of Palermo who was murdered in March 1992, had been linked to the Mafia and that former Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti had been Lima's "political contact" in Rome. On November 16, 1992 Tommaso Buscetta testified before the Antimafia Commission. "Salvo Lima was, in fact, the politician to whom Cosa Nostra turned most often to resolve problems for the organisation whose solution lay in Rome," Buscetta said. Other collaborating witnesses confirmed that Lima had been specifically ordered to "fix" the appeal of the Maxi Trial with Italy's Supreme Court and had been murdered because he failed to do so.
Gaspare Mutolo warned the Commission in February 1993 of the likelihood that further attacks were being planned by the Corleonesi on the mainland.
The Senate authorized to proceed with the criminal investigation of Giulio Andreotti on June 10, 1993 (he was formally committed for trial in Palermo on March 2, 1995).
Other commissions.
After Violante, presidents of the Commission were Tiziana Parenti, from Forza Italia (1994–1996), Ottaviano Del Turco, from the Italian Democratic Socialists (1996–1999), Giuseppe Lumia, from the Democratic Left (2000–2001), Roberto Centaro from Forza Italia (2001–2006), Francesco Forgione from the Communist Refoundation Party (2006–2008), Giuseppe Pisanu from Forza Italia-The People of Freedom (2008–2013). Currently the president is Rosy Bindi.

</doc>
<doc id="9802910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802910" title="George Henry Bosch">
George Henry Bosch

George Henry Bosch (18 February 1861 – 30 August 1934) was an Australian merchant and philanthropist.
Early life.
Bosch was born at Osborne's Flat, near Beechworth, Victoria, the son of George Bosch, a miner from Bavaria, and his wife Emily, "née" Spann, of Hamburg. His father belonged to a Dutch family which migrated to Hamburg and became prosperous merchants. George Henry Bosch was educated at T. and C. McAlpine's private school at Richmond, a suburb of Melbourne, and was then apprenticed to a watchmaker.
Career.
Bosch went to Sydney in 1881 and with his father's help, established a small watchmaker's business. He began importing watchmakers' and jewellers' supplies, and about 1884 joined forces with Emil Barthel, who had a similar business, under the name of Bosch, Barthel and Company. The importing of dental and opticians' supplies was added in 1885, and the business became the largest of its kind in Australia. In 1894 Bosch bought Barthel's interest in the business, which continued to progress and expand with branches in Melbourne and Brisbane.
Working very hard and living simply, Bosch became very wealthy, and he quietly gave away considerable sums of money. His first public gift was a large donation to the Dreadnought Fund in 1909. He had a breakdown in 1915 due to overwork, and henceforth had to go more quietly. In 1924 he gave a sum of £1000 to the University of Sydney for research on paralysis; his mother was a partial cripple. This was followed in 1925 by £2000 for cancer research, and in 1928 £27,000 was given to establish a chair in histology and embryology, and £1500 for the purchase of apparatus for the anatomy department. In October 1929, £220,000 in city properties and securities was transferred to the university to establish full-time chairs in medicine, surgery and bacteriology, and for the building and equipping of laboratories or the promotion of medical and surgical knowledge. Another large donation was £10,000 to Trinity Grammar School (New South Wales), and he contributed largely to the upkeep of the Millewa boys' home and the Windsor boys' farm. Though he practically retired in 1924, he had another breakdown in 1928, but after a long holiday in the east, he came back in much improved health. In July 1932 the university received a further sum of £6000.
Death and legacy.
Bosch died at Sydney on 30 August 1934. He had married Gwendoline Jupp in 1929, who had nursed him through an illness. She survived him with two sons. After providing for legacies and a life interest for his widow, further substantial benefits will eventually accrue to the University of Sydney. A portrait of Bosch by George Washington Lambert is in the great hall at the university, and there is a memorial window at St John's Church, Gordon, Sydney.
Bosch was a keen business man, whose only recreation was walking until he took up golf in middle life; he was honorary treasurer of Manly Golf Club for many years. He looked upon his wealth as a responsibility and gave much thought to his benefactions, his chief desire being that he might alleviate human suffering.

</doc>
<doc id="9802916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802916" title="Consolidated Credit Union Place">
Consolidated Credit Union Place

Consolidated Credit Union Place (formerly known as the "Summerside Wellness Centre") is a multi purpose facility that opened in two stages in April 2006 in the City of Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada. It contains an aquatics centre, meeting and convention rooms, a fitness centre, two NHL size ice surface arenas, bowling lanes and an indoor walking track. The swimming portion (Phase 1) consists of a 25 metre competition pool, pleasure pool, a water slide, a water mushroom, a hot tub, steam room, and sauna. There is also a conference centre over in size, and Iron Haven Gym, with two squash courts and weight lifting equipment. The second portion (Phase 2), the Arenas, were designed to replace Cahill Stadium and Steele Arena.
Beginning in the fall of 2011, the venue was home to the Summerside Storm of the National Basketball League of Canada until the team relocated to the Eastlink Centre in Charlottetown.
History.
The 3728 seat stadium opened March 1, 2007, featuring a game between divisional rivals: the Summerside Capitals, and Charlottetown Abbies. The Capitals won the game 11-3 in front of 3417 fans. The ice surface measures 200 x 85 Ft (61 x 26 m). The rink has ten luxury boxes lining the east wall, and has high glass surrounding the entire ice surface. The rink employs angled lights for the benefit of players in sports such as volleyball, so the lights do not shine into their eyes, and the scoreboard retracts into the rafters quite easily for shows requiring a high ceiling, such as a Monster Truck event. There is also a running track at the top of the seating bowl. These features make no difference for the game of hockey, but make the facility much more attractive in its mission of being a multifunction facility. The secondary ice surface consists of a 200 x 85 Ft (61 x 26 m) rink, as well as bleacher style seating for approximately seven hundred people. The secondary ice surface opened March 2, 2007. A new set of bowling lanes was opened in the facility as a replacement to the old lanes at Cahill Stadium.
There was a large explosion on the roof during construction, setting the construction back many months. The facility cost the City of Summerside approximately C$36 million, shared between the Municipal, Provincial, and Federal Governments.
The venue hosted the first ever National Hockey League game in Prince Edward Island when the Florida Panthers played the New York Islanders on September 27, 2008. The Islanders won the game 4–2 in front of three thousand and twenty nine spectators. On December 16 and 17 the CJHL Skills Competition and the Prospects game was held, seeing home town player Harrison McIver and Summerside Capitals Head Coach Kenny MacDougall being involved with team east. Team east won the skills competition 51-44 and won the Prospects game 6-3 in front of just over 1,000 people.
Events.
On September 14 and 15, 2011, Elton John performed sold out shows at Credit Union Place as part of his tour of the Canadian Maritime Provinces.
2014 Events.
Bryan Adams,
Gordon Lightfoot,
Toby Keith
2013 Events.
Alan Jackson,
Sting,
Reba McEntire
2012 Events.
John Mellencamp,
Bryan Adams,
Hedley,
Charlie Pride
2011 Events.
Harlem Globe Trotters,
Rev Up Auto Show (Car Show),
Joel Plaskett – in Concert,
RCMP Musical Ride,
Slowcoaster – in Concert,
Summerside Lobster Carnival,
Neverest – in Concert,
These Kids Wear Crowns – In Concert,
Alyssa Reid – In Concert,
Playdates – In Concert,
Hey Rosetta – In Concert,
Boxer the Horse – In Concert,
April Wine – In Concert,
Racoon Bandit – In Concert,
Elton John – In Concert (2 shows, both sold out),
Jerry Seinfeld – In Concert
Grand Slam of Curling Event, the Players Championship
2010 Events.
Atlantic Minor Midget “AAA” Hockey Championships,
Steve Miller Band Live – in Concert,
Relay for Life,
Provincial Health Expo,
Joel Plaskett – in Concert,
The Stampeders – in Concert,
Matt Andersen – in Concert,
Cirque Festival,
Summerside Lobster Carnival,
The Trews – in Concert,
Down With Webster – in Concert,
Catherine Maclellan – in Concert,
ELLIS FAMILY BAND/EDGE/Nathan Wiley – in Concert,
Eastern Canadian Bantam Girls Softball Championships,
Atlantic Canadian Peewee Baseball Championships,
UPEI VS St Mary’s, Men’s University Hockey
2009 Events.
John Fogerty – in Concert (Sold Out),
2009 International Snowmobile Congress,
2009 Canadian National Arm Wrestling Championships,
2009 Atlantic Kart Racing Series,
The Beach Boys – in Concert,
Stompin' Tom Connors – in Concert,
2009 Canada Summer Games,
2009 Maritime Junior Hockey League Showcase,
2009 World Junior A Challenge
2008 Events.
NHL Exhibition Game – New York Islanders VS. Florida Panthers,
George Thorogood – in Concert,
Monster Trucks – Monster Spectacular,
Arena Cross – Stuntapalooza,
Blind Boys of Alabama – in Concert,
2008 Atlantic Arm Wrestling Championships,
2008 Atlantic Kart Racing Series,
Cirque Estivale,
Kenny Rogers – in Concert,
2008 Maritime Junior Hockey League Showcase,
2008 Canadian Junior Hockey League Prospects Game
2007 Events.
NHL – New York Islanders Blue/White Game,
QMJHL – Cavendish Cup PEI Rocket vs. Moncton Wildcats,
Trooper – in Concert,
QMJHL – St Johns Fog Devils Training Camp,
Charlie Pride – in Concert
Name change and slogan.
On Friday, February 29, 2008 the City of Summerside announced a ten-year deal that would see the Credit Union have the rights to the naming of the facility. This name replaced Summerside Wellness Centre. Another part of the deal saw all Credit Union members from around the world receive a 20% discount on public events. When Credit Union received naming right to the facility, they created a newly designed logo and slogan, "It all happens here".

</doc>
<doc id="9802924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802924" title="Condit Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Condit Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Condit Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 500 and it contained 196 housing units.
History.
Condit Township formed from a part of Newcomb Township on May 8, 1867.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water. The stream of Owl Creek runs through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains two cemeteries: Jersey and Knife-Stout.

</doc>
<doc id="9802968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802968" title="Crittenden Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Crittenden Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Crittenden Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 325 and it contained 127 housing units.
History.
Crittenden Township formed from part of Philo Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.14%) is water. The streams of Black Slough and East Branch Embarras River run through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains four cemeteries: Immaculate Conception, Jessee, Kemp and Saint Marys.

</doc>
<doc id="9802984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9802984" title="Heba El-Sisy">
Heba El-Sisy

Heba El-Sisy (born 1983 in El Mansoura, Egypt) is an Egyptian beauty queen and television presenter. She was the official Pantene Miss Egypt 2004 titleholder. She represented Egypt in Miss Universe 2004 and then again at Miss World 2004. El-Sisy also won the title of Miss Supermodel of Egypt less than a year before becoming Miss Egypt. The first two runners-up to El-Sisy when she became Miss Egypt in 2004 were sisters.
El-Sisy is a Law student at Mansoura University. She has a brother and a sister. Her mother is a housewife; and her dad is a retired sergeant for the armed forces of Egypt. Ahmad Zaki was an influence on her life.
In 2005, El-Sisy replaced Rania Kurdi on the third season of "SuperStar", the Arabic television show based on the popular British show "Pop Idol". The telecast of "Super Star" 3 was delayed after the assassination of Future TV founder and Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafik Hariri, as the TV station went into mourning. El-Sisy's contract prematurely ended before the semi finals had begun, leaving Ayman to host solo for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9803034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803034" title="Cunningham Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Cunningham Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Cunningham Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 41,250 and it contained 19,090 housing units. Cunningham Township is much better known as the City of Urbana, with which it is coterminous.
History.
Cunningham Township formed from Champaign Township in late 1928.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.66%) is land and (or 0.34%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains three cemeteries: East Lawn, Eastlawn Addition and Harvey.

</doc>
<doc id="9803050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803050" title="Philip Pocock Catholic Secondary School">
Philip Pocock Catholic Secondary School

Philip Pocock Catholic Secondary School (alternatively called as Philip Pocock, PPCSS, PP, Philip Pocock CSS, or Pocock) is a Roman Catholic high school in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. It is operated by the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board and has approximately 1,373 students. The school includes an Extended French Program as well as an Advanced Placement Program for Mathematics. The school building is similar to that of St. Joseph Secondary School in Mississauga which is modeled after Philip Pocock.
The school's athletes are called the "Pocock Pirates."
History.
The school recently celebrated its 25th anniversary. The first Philip Pocock location opened in 1981 by the Dufferin-Peel Separate School Board and was at the site where John Cabot Catholic Secondary School is currently located. Then, due to an ever increasing student population, Philip Pocock's grade 11-13 was temporarily located at Vincent Massey Collegiate Institute in Etobicoke, Ontario from 1987 to 1992 until construction of the new, permanent third location was completed at the intersection of Tomken Road and Eglinton Avenue in Mississauga. The third and current location at Tomken and Eglinton opened in 1992. Presently, Massey became the Metropolitan Separate School Board (now the Toronto Catholic District School Board)'s Michael Power/St. Joseph High School campus in 1993. 
Origins.
Philip Francis Pocock was born in St. Thomas, Ontario on July 2, 1906. He studied Theology at St. Peter's Seminary, London and was ordained on June 14, 1930 by Bp. Denis P. O'Connor of Peterborough at St. Peter's Cathedral, London. In 1933, Father Pocock went to Rome for graduate studies and obtained the degree of Doctor of Canon Law. On April 7, 1944, he was appointed Bishop of Saskatoon. On June 16, 1951, Bp. Pocock was named Apostolic Administrator of Winnipeg, and on August 6 of the same year, Coadjutor Archbishop of Winnipeg. Abp. Pocock succeeded to the See as Archbishop on January 14, 1952. Due to Card. McGuigan's poor health, Abp. Pocock was appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Toronto on February l8, 1961. He succeeded to the See of Toronto and became Archbishop upon Cardinal McGuigan's resignation, March 30, 1971. On April 29, 1978, Archbishop Pocock resigned the See of Toronto and took up residence at St. Mary's Parish, Brampton. He remained active as a priest, celebrating mass at elementary schools, confirming students, and visiting a senior citizens' home as well as performing his parish duties. He died on September 6, 1984 and was interred in Holy Cross Cemetery, Thornhill.
Athletics.
The Philip Pocock Pirates compete locally in the Region of Peel Athletics Association (ROPSSAA) and provincially with OFSAA. Philip Pocock Athletics has a storied past with many ROPSSAA, DPAA, and TDCAA championships. Some of the notable championship teams include boys Football which have achieved 3 championships at both the junior and senior levels, Track and Field which achieved overall ROPSSAA championships in 1999-2002 and girls rugby which won ROPSSAA gold in 2008. On the individual front the Pirates also have many provincial and national champions in track and field which include Valerie Tulloch (Canadian Interscholastic Record holder in the Javelin), Nicholas Caramanico (OFSAA Sr. Boys shot put champion, 2002), Stephen Porciello (OFSAA Sr. Boys Javelin champion, 2002), and Damian Anisko (Jr. Boys Discus champion, 2000 and Canadian Jr. Discus Champion, 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="9803053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803053" title="East Bend Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
East Bend Township, Champaign County, Illinois

East Bend Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 584 and it contained 257 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.53%) is land and (or 0.47%) is water. The streams of Blackford Slough, Dickerson Slough and Hillsbury Slough run through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains two cemeteries: Beekman and East Bend.

</doc>
<doc id="9803062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803062" title="Portland Transit Mall">
Portland Transit Mall

The Portland Transit Mall is a set of public transit corridors through the center of downtown Portland, Oregon, United States. More specifically, it is a pair of one-way streets—one for northbound traffic, the other for southbound—along which two of the three lanes are restricted to transit vehicles only. The transit mall opened in 1977 and until 2009, buses were the only transit vehicles using it, but in 2009 light rail was added. Between 2007 and 2009 the mall was rebuilt and extended southwards, and it reopened for buses on May 24, 2009. Light rail service on the mall was introduced on August 30, 2009, with the shifting of the MAX Yellow Line to the mall from its original routing in downtown, and a second MAX line, the Green Line, began serving the mall on September 12, 2009. The Portland Vintage Trolley also serves the transit mall on certain Sundays, but is scheduled to be discontinued in 2014. Although the mall's transit stops are mainly served by TriMet vehicles, on weekdays buses on express routes operated by C-Tran and the Columbia County Rider also serve the mall.
History.
The Portland Transit Mall (formally named simply the "Portland Mall") was constructed by TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit agency, in 1976–77 and opened on December 11, 1977. It was formally dedicated in March 1978. The mall comprises 5th Avenue, for southbound buses, and 6th Avenue, for northbound buses, and when first opened it involved the sections of those streets extending from West Burnside Street to SW Madison Street: the central core of downtown.
In June 1994, the mall was extended northward through Chinatown to Union Station (used by Amtrak) and the Greyhound bus depot. Short, unconnected additions were made in the area around Portland State University in the early 2000s. 
TriMet's Fareless Square (renamed the "Free Rail Zone" in 2010) encompassed the entire mall until discontinued in 2012, and these two facilities/measures, among others, have contributed to TriMet's having become one of the nation's most successful and most-studied public transportation systems.
Until closing for rebuilding in 2007, the Portland Mall's design permitted private vehicle traffic to use the left lane, but only in short, two-block segments. In every third block, the lefthand (auto) lane disappeared for one block, and the otherwise three-lane-wide street became two lanes wide and restricted to buses only. In this way, two-thirds of the specific blocks along 5th Avenue and 6th Avenue remained open to cars, but use of those streets for "through" travel by cars was prohibited.
Design and amenities.
The 1970s rebuilding of 5th and 6th avenues as transit-priority streets included several changes designed to create an environment that was more attractive and inviting to transit users and other pedestrians. Sidewalks were widened and repaved in brick, many additional trees were planted, new works of public art were commissioned and installed, and amenities such as benches and flower planters were added.
At each bus stop, a large new passenger shelter was installed. In addition to a pay telephone, every shelter was equipped with a closed-circuit television monitor giving riders information as to the next three departures on each bus route serving that particular stop. This particular feature of the Portland Transit Mall was said to be a "first" for urban transit at the time (1977), having previously been used only in intercity transportation terminals, mainly airports. They came into use in January 1978. The monitors were originally black-and-white, but were replaced by color ones in 1988.
Most bus routes serving downtown Portland followed the transit mall, but a few remained on so-called "cross-mall" routings, along east-west streets, originally Morrison and Yamhill streets but shifted to Washington and Salmon streets with the start of MAX construction in the early 1980s.
With regard to operations, the mall was designed with two bus stops in each block, or about one stop every . However, a bus operating on any given route only stopped at every fourth stop, i.e., every two blocks. TriMet adopted symbols and colors for each grouping of stops, so that bus riders could easily determine which particular stop locations were served by their routes. The colors/symbols, which were marked by large signs at each stop and also shown on public schedules and maps, were as follows: Brown Beaver, Green Leaf, Yellow Rose, Orange Deer, Red Fish, Purple Raindrops and Blue Snowflake. They were also called "sector symbols", as each one corresponded to a particular sector of the city, e.g., the Rose being for routes serving Southwest Portland and the Fish for North Portland routes. When TriMet's first light rail line opened in 1986, use of the Snowflake symbol on the mall was discontinued, as all TriMet routes in that sector were curtailed to terminate at a light rail station, such as the Gateway Transit Center, and no longer traveled to downtown.
This operating configuration for the Portland Mall remained largely unchanged for 29 years, until the mall closed for rebuilding in early 2007. TriMet discontinued use of the distinctive graphic symbols used at mall stops at that time, but the symbols had already been relegated to secondary status in 2002, when they were replaced by purely geographic, letter designations such as N or NE (for North Portland or Northeast Portland) for each grouping. The graphic sector symbols were retained only at a greatly reduced size on the mall signs (much smaller in size than the new letter indications) and were no longer used at all in other TriMet media, such as the covers of bus schedules. They disappeared entirely in January 2007.
Renovation and rebuilding.
In 2004, it was decided to add MAX light rail to the transit mall, as TriMet's existing MAX routing through downtown was nearing its design capacity and another line (the Green Line) was being planned and was expected to be added to the system within a few years. Also, the mall was approaching three decades of use, and was in need of a heavy renovation. TriMet and transportation planners from the city and Metro studied how best to accommodate both buses and light rail on the mall. During this process, it was also decided, at the urging of the downtown business community, to reconfigure the mall's traffic lanes in such a way as to permit autos and other private traffic to use the left lane for the entire lengths of 5th and 6th avenues, a controversial decision. The project would also extend the mall south, from Madison Street all the way to the southern end of downtown and of Fareless Square, at the Stadium Freeway (I-405), thereby reaching Portland State University.
The Portland Transit Mall temporarily closed for rebuilding on January 14, 2007. The work carried out over the next two years included the addition of light rail tracks and widening, to three lanes, all of the few south-of-Burnside sections which had previously been intentionally narrowed (by the original 1970s design) to two lanes and bus-only. During the lengthy closure, all bus routes using the mall were diverted to other streets, many to the nearby pair of 3rd Avenue (southbound) and 4th Avenue (northbound), where they had to share all traffic lanes with private vehicles but with parking temporarily removed at all of the new bus stops. Some routes were cut back to the southern part of downtown, making a loop along Columbia and Jefferson Streets.
In 2007, local officials and businessmen expressed confidence that the renovation and extension of the transit mall would foster major new property redevelopment in downtown over the next several years.
The mall reopened for buses on May 24, 2009. Three months later, on August 30, 2009, MAX light rail began serving the mall, when the Yellow Line was shifted from its original (2004) downtown routing. On September 12, 2009, the new Green Line opened, and it serves the transit mall as well.
In the new design, MAX stops are located every 4–5 blocks, and a bus (on a given route) also stops only every 4–5 blocks. Groupings of stops are marked by letters: A, B, C or D on 5th Avenue, and W, X, Y or Z on 6th Avenue. All of the few routes that were shortened slightly, to terminate in the southern part of downtown, when the mall closed for rebuilding in 2007, have been permanently revised so as to no longer serve the mall, where replacement service is now being provided by light rail. The mall is currently served by 17 TriMet bus routes, six of which only operate in peak hours (at least on that part of their route).
Although cars and trucks are now allowed to use the left lane for the entire length of the transit mall, they are—with the exception of a very few locations—not permitted to turn right at "any" intersections. A motorist wanting to turn right from the transit mall must now turn left, and make two additional left turns, to end up in the desired direction. This prevents cars' making right turns into the path of an oncoming bus or light rail car, which might be unable safely to stop in time to prevent a serious collision.
On September 13, 2009, the Sundays-only Portland Vintage Trolley service moved to the transit mall from a different route it had followed since 1991. The trolley cars serve the full length of the mall, from Union Station to Portland State University. However, the Vintage Trolley service is being discontinued and is scheduled to run for the last time on July 6, 2014.
MAX Mall Shuttle.
The MAX Mall Shuttle was a service that operated from 2009 until 2011, weekday afternoons only. It was introduced on September 14, 2009, as a supplement to the light-rail service provided on the mall by the Yellow and Green lines and operated only between Union Station and PSU, about every 30 minutes on weekdays from noon until 5:30 p.m. TriMet discontinued this supplementary shuttle service effective June 5, 2011. Along with bus service, the mall continues to be served by the MAX Green and Yellow lines, which provide a combined headway of 7.5 minutes at most times.

</doc>
<doc id="9803082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803082" title="Alabama State Route 115">
Alabama State Route 115

State Route 115 is a three-mile (5 km) long state route in Coosa County. The southern terminus of the route is at its junction with State Route 9 in eastern Coosa County. The northern terminus is at the junction with U.S. Highway 280 northwest of Alexander City at Kellyton.
Route description.
State Route 115 is routed along a two-lane route in southeastern Coosa County. It travels northeastwardly from its junction with SR-9 towards its northern end at US-280. The route serves as a shortcut between SR-9 and US-280.

</doc>
<doc id="9803101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803101" title="Harwood Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Harwood Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Harwood Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 623 and it contained 282 housing units.
History.
Harwood Township formed from Ludlow Township as Sheldon Township in September, 1869. Then the name was changed to Shuck Township on an unknown date, then to Harwood Township on February 22, 1870.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains six cemeteries: Harwood Chapel, Heater, Hitz Family, Holy Sepulchre, Holy Sepulchre and Huffman.

</doc>
<doc id="9803102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803102" title="Sreela Majumdar">
Sreela Majumdar

Sreela Majumdar (also credited as Srila Mazumdar) is an actress in the Bengali language film industry of India.
She has done voice dubbing for Aishwarya Rai in the film "Chokher Bali" (2003).
Early life.
She was born to Ramchandra Majumdar and Nani Majumdar. She earned her bachelor's degree from the Bangabasi College, an affiliated college of the University of Calcutta. In 1980, she debuted in the film "Parshuram" directed by Mrinal Sen.

</doc>
<doc id="9803112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803112" title="Kagnew Station">
Kagnew Station

Kagnew Station was a United States Army installation in Asmara, Eritrea on the Horn of Africa. The installation was established in 1943 as a U.S. Army radio station, taking over and refurbishing a pre-existing Italian naval radio station, after Italian forces based in Asmara surrendered to the Allies in 1941. Kagnew Station operated until April 29, 1977, when the last Americans left. The station was home to the United States Army's 4th Detachment of the Second Signal Service Battalion.
Overview.
The Cold War listening station, Kagnew Station, was located fairly close to the equator and at an altitude of above sea level. Its altitude and close proximity to the equator made Kagnew Station an ideal site for the Cold War listening station's dishes and the antenna farm. In all Kagnew sprawled over containing eight fenced or walled tracts. Kagnew Station became home for over 5,000 American citizens at a time during its peak years of operation during the 1960s.
Fighting between the Ethiopian military and Eritrean resistance fighters forced the closing of military's Keren R & R Center, located in the city of Keren in 1971. The Massawa R&R Center, located on the Red Sea, was closed shortly after the Keren R & R Center. The Army's 12 million dollar cost for maintaining their soldiers at Kagnew Station faced a budget ax in 1972 and the U.S. Army withdrew from Kagnew Station in 1973 but the Navy personnel remained.
Fighting between the Eritrean resistance and the Ethiopian government forces began affecting operations at Kagnew Station in the 1970s. In March 1971, 3,500 Americans remained at Kagnew Station, 1,900 personnel (1,700 of whom were military) and 1,600 dependents. By July 18, 1972, U.S. personnel at Kagnew Station were reduced to 900 personnel. In March 1974, only 100 civilian technicians remained to operate the residual communications facility, along with their families, and eight to ten U.S. military personnel.
On the night of January 31, 1975, heavy fighting broke out in Eritrea and incoming rocket-propelled grenades landed inside the Tract E compound. This began a season of frequent nighttime firefights between the Eritrean resistance and the Soviet-backed Ethiopian forces. On 14 July 1975, gunmen abducted two Americans and four Ethiopians from Kagnew Communications Station. The Americans, Steve Campbell and Jim Harrel, worked for Collins International Service Company (CISCO), a government contractor. On Friday 12 September 1975, the ELF raided the US facility at Asmara, kidnapping a further eight people, including two Americans.
On February 12, 1976 a meeting at the White House Situation Room took place discussing Kagnew Station. Lt. General Smith stated, "Right now fleet operations are dependent on Kagnew. The Navy has a strong interest in keeping it. They have reaffirmed to me that if they don't have Kagnew they would need a similar site elsewhere". At one point in the discussion, Mr. Noyes said, "Yes. If we didn't have Kagnew there would be communications delays 25% of the time.
By December 1976 the only critical function appeared to be Mystic Star. In the same memorandum, DOD stated, "It recommends closing Kagnew by September 1977 if Mystic Star can be relocated".
U.S. Department of State Department "Background Notes: State of Eritrea, March 1998," stated, "In the 1970s, technological advances in the satellite and communications fields were making the communications station at Kagnew increasingly obsolete. Early in 1977, the United States informed the Ethiopian Government that it intended to close Kagnew Station by September 30, 1977. In the meantime, U.S. relations with the Mengistu regime were worsening. In April 1977, Mengistu abrogated the 1953 mutual defense treaty and ordered a reduction of U.S. personnel in Ethiopia, including the closure of Kagnew Communications Center and the consulate in Asmara". Not included in the report are the circumstances of the closing of Kagnew Station. In April, 1977, The Ethiopian Government closed the United States military installations and gave Military Assistance Advisory Group (MAAG) personnel a week's notice to leave the country. A large store of equipment remained behind in the rapid American departure. Ethiopia then abrogated the 1953 United States-Ethiopian Mutual Defense Assistance Agreement and terminated the lease on Kagnew station. On April 29, 1977, the last Americans left Kagnew Station.
History.
Early history.
In March 1941 Roosevelt administration declared Ethiopia eligible for the military aid program known as the Lend-Lease program. This was done to support the British troops in Libya and Egypt which were fighting Germany's Afrika Korps. The focus of the lend-lease program was in Eritrea, a former Italian colony which strategically bordered the Red Sea. British forces had established a communications base at the former Italian radio communications base named called Radio Marina, which was located in Asmara, Eritrea. The British used the former Italian name for the base, Radio Marina. The United States received access to the base from the British beginning in 1942. The United States would initially call the former Radio Marina the "Asmara Barracks," but the name "Radio Marina" would become the more enduring name for the base until the base was officially named "Kagnew Station". In 1943 a seven-man detachment refurbished the former British facilities and began testing the new equipment they installed. Eritrea's geographical location; 15 degrees north of the equator at an altitude of , was excellent for sending and receiving radio signals. Early testing proved so promising that the War Department moved to expand operations before Asmara Barracks officially opened.
On June 1, 1943, two officers, one warrant officer and 44 enlisted men began intensive training at Vint Hill Farms to man Radio Marina. In December, 4 officers and 50 enlisted men staffed Radio Marina, a base located on an arrowhead-shaped tract of land, designated as Tract A by the U.S. Military. While the United States had access to base since 1942, a formalized agreement to permit the United States use of the site did not exist until 1952 when the Ethiopian government, the federation of Eritrea and the United States signed an agreement.
Kagnew Station Tract E:
In 1953, the base officially acquired the name of Kagnew Station. The United States obtained from the Ethiopian government, a tract of land several city blocks to the west of Tract A, which it designated Tract E. In 1957 the activities and headquarters for Kagnew Station began moving to Tract E. Kagnew Station was officially dedicated in 1958 on Tract E.
Kagnew Station was supplied by planes from the U.S. Airbase in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, and by ships docking at the Red Sea port of Massawa. Its chapel had a seating capacity of 220 and an over-flow space to accommodate 150 more persons. The Guest House had eight rooms, a lobby and a kitchen, all made of concrete-block construction. The Roosevelt Theatre seated 320 patrons and was equipped with a CinemaScope screen and the latest sound and projection equipment. The gymnasium had a regulation basketball court with bleachers, retractable backboards and an electric scoreboard. It also housed ten bowling lanes, a boxing ring, gymnastic equipment, a locker room and shower rooms. The Dependent School had 17 classrooms, a large auditorium, science laboratory and library. A combined laundry-and-dry-cleaning plant could clean 50,000 pieces a month. KANU TV and KANU Radio provided television and radio services. Kagnew also had the usual Commissary, Post Exchange, snack bar and post office. The base Service Center included a music room, craft shop, photography darkroom, library and an auto shop. A football field, softball field and an indoor pool were also available. Children could play golf on the $22,000 miniature golf course; and adults played on the 18-hole golf course. Kagnew Farms, located northwest of Tract E, on the old Radio Marina Transmitter Site, became a recreation and picnic are known as Kagnew Farms until construction of STONEHOUSE at the same site in 1964. Kagnew Farms contained a skeet range, a small-bore rifle and pistol range, the Afro-American Racing Club's banked-dirt oval track (Used for car races, motorcycle scrambles and gherry cart races.), and a large picnic area.
The military passed off Kagnew Station as a "telephone relay station" to disguise its real activities. The secret of Kagnew Station was kept not by hiding the equipment but by openly displaying the equipment and passing it off as something innocent: a telephone relay station and deep space research site. In 1964, an dish and a dish arrived in Massawa and were brought up the mountain in sections to Kagnew Station. The dishes were used at Stonehouse, the military's "Deep Space Research Site," which was a joint project of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and the Army Security Agency (ASA). Other agencies operating at Kagnew Station included the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the Army Security Agency (ASA), the U.S. Strategic Communications Command (STRATCOM),the Navy Communications (NAVCOMM) and a signal research unit. Located on nearly the same longitude as the Soviet deep space command center in the Crimea, the large Stonehouse antennas were used to monitor telemetry from a variety of Russian spacecraft.
As more personnel and dependants began to arrive in the 1960s a severe family housing shortage saw portions of Tract A, become a housing area. New apartment buildings replaced the older barracks buildings and football field.
The United States spent 77 million dollars building Kagnew Station. In terms of 2006 dollars, Kagnew Station would have cost 495 million dollars to build.
Tracts A through H:
Kagnew Station consisted of eight (8) separate sections of land called tracts. Kagnew Station's tracts were designated by the letters A through H.
Tract A is the old Italian Navy's Radio Marina site. "Radio Marina" translates to "Radio Navy". It is located within the city of Asmara. When the Italians were defeated by the English forces during World War II, Radio Marina became controlled by the British military administration until they left Eritrea. At that time the British handed off Radio Marina to the United States. While the United States had access to base since 1942, a formalized agreement to permit the United States use of the site did not exist until 1952 when the Ethiopian government, the federation of Eritrea and the United States signed an agreement. When construction had progressed enough on Tract E, Kagnew Station officially opened on Tract E in 1958. Tract A remained active and underwent changes in the following two decades including the former parade ground and ball field becoming dependent housing areas.
Following the withdrawal from Kagnew Station by the U.S. military, Tract A by Mengistu Haile Mariam's troops and Tract A was then called Algen Camp.
Tract B was the STRATCOM receiver site and was the site closest to the Asmara airport. Following the withdrawal from Tract B by U.S. Military forces the Tract B site was used as a prison. On May 19, 2004, Amnesty International reported, under the heading of "Secret Prisons in Eritrea" the existence of a secret prison on Tract B (also known as "Track B," which they stated was located near the airport in Asmara. The prison was said to hold Eritrean People's Liberation Front veterans, conscripts, alleged armed Islamists, and people accused or forging identity documents or smuggling army deserters out of the country.
Tract C was known as the Operations Site. It was located west of Tract E and its large antenna field was slangly referred to as "the funny farm". The site operated 24 hours a day. Operations on Tract C ceased March 24, 1972.
Tract D was the STRATCOM transmitter site and was located near a dam. The dam by tract D blown up by shifta in mid-1972.
Tract E was the Kagnew Station headquarters for the completely self-contained U.S. Cold War intelligence facility located in the isolated province of Eritrea, Ethiopia, (now the State of Eritrea). Kagnew Station was an oasis of luxury in the poverty stricken land of Eritrea. Tract E was supplied by aircraft from the U.S. Airbase in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, and by ships docking at the Red Sea port of Massawa. Tract E's chapel had a seating capacity of 220 and an over-flow space to accommodate 150 more persons. The Guest House on Tract E had eight rooms, a lobby and a kitchen, all made of concrete-block construction. The Roosevelt Theatre seated 320 patrons and was equipped with a Cinemascope screen and the latest sound and projection equipment. The gymnasium on Tract E had a regulation basketball court with bleachers, retractable backboards and an electric scoreboard. It also housed ten bowling lanes, a boxing ring, gymnastic equipment, a locker room and shower rooms. The Dependent School inside Tract E had 17 classrooms, a large auditorium, science laboratory and library. Tract E contained a combined laundry-and-dry-cleaning plant the KANU Television and KANU Radio services, a Commissary, Post Exchange, snack bar and post office. The base Service Center included a music room, craft shop, photography darkroom, library and an auto shop. A football field, softball field and an indoor pool were also located inside the walls surrounding Tract E. Children played golf on a $22,000 miniature golf course and adults played golf on the 18-hole golf course.
Tract F was the home of the Navy receiver site at Gura.
Tract G was the home of the Navy Satellite terminal at Gura.
Tract H was the home of the Navy Transmitter site at Gura.
Recreation:
Recreation at Kagnew Station was available in many forms. In addition to on and off base recreation, Kagnew Station had R & R centers available for those serving at Kagnew Station and their dependants (wives and children).
Kagnew Farms was located by Asmara and opened October 22, 1961 on the old Radio Marina transmitter site northwest of Tract E. Kagnew Farms contained a skeet range, a small-bore rifle and pistol range, the Afro-American Racing Club's banked-dirt oval track which was used for car races, motorcycle scrambles and gherry cart races. Kagnew Farms also contained a large picnic Area. In 1964 Kagnew Farms was over-taken by the construction of Stonehouse.
The Keren (Cheren) R & R Center opened June 1959 and closed January 1971. The U.S. Army Massawa R & R Center, located in the C.I.A.A.O. Hotel, a hotel prefabricated in Italy and put together in Massawa in 1937, closed in 1963 for financial reasons. On November 4, 1967, the U.S. Army Red Sea Rest Center, opened in Massawa and was maintained by TTU (Transportation Terminal Unit).

</doc>
<doc id="9803127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803127" title="Hensley Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Hensley Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Hensley Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,278 and it contained 542 housing units.
History.
Hensley Township formed from Champaign Township in September, 1866 as Grant Township, but the name was changed to Hensley on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land. The source of the Kaskaskia River is located in section 19 of this township, rising from the Kaskaskia ditch.
Cemeteries.
The township contains seven cemeteries: BethlehemFisher[http://maps.google.com/maps?q=40.200588%20-88.337276, George Peters Family, Grandview Memorial Gardens[http://maps.google.com/maps?q=40.163366%20-88.313942], Gregory Burial and Haines Family.

</doc>
<doc id="9803131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803131" title="Calling Dr. Death">
Calling Dr. Death

Calling Dr. Death (1943) is the first of the Universal Pictures Inner Sanctum mystery films. The "Inner Sanctum" franchise originated with a popular radio series and all of the films star Lon Chaney, Jr.. The movie stars Chaney, Jr. and Patricia Morison, and was directed by Reginald Le Borg. Chaney, Jr. plays a neurologist, Dr. Mark Steele, who loses memory of the past few days after learning that his wife has been brutally murdered. Aware of his wife's infidelity and believing he could be the killer, Steele asks his office nurse Stella Madden to help him recover his lost memories.
Plot summary.
A respected neurologist, Dr. Mark Steele (Lon Chaney, Jr.) treats his patients successfully with hypnosis, but has troubles of his own from a marriage falling apart, that he cannot treat himself in the same way. His wife Maria (Ramsay Ames) is cheating on him on a regular basis, which is something Mark is well aware of. When Maria returns home one night in the early morning hours after a rendez-vous with her lover, Mark finally tells her that he has had enough and that he wants a divorce. Maria, who is leading a very comfortable life as a doctor's wife, refuses her consent to a divorce, and laughs at him as she does so. That night Mark has a dream about strangling his wife to death. 
When Maria goes away for the weekend, Mark decides to leave and gets into his car and drives off. Come Monday morning he wakes up in his office only to learn that he is suffering a mental blackout and that the memories of the weekend is missing. He is informed by the police that his wife has been murdered, and that her face was disfigured by some kind of acid. Mark begins to worry about not remembering the slightest thing about his own actions during the weekend.
His worries increase after finding a button from his own jacket near where his wife's body was found. He starts suspecting that he himself has done off with her. His nurse, Stella Madden (Patricia Morison) tells him not to air his suspicions to the police until he knows more. 
The police goes on to arrest Maria's lover, the architect Mr. Robert Duval (David Bruce), for the murder. Inspector Gregg (J. Carroll Naish), one of the detectives on the case still believes that Mark is the murderer. Mr. Duval's disabled wife (Fay Helm) pays Mark a visit, trying to convince him to help her prove that her husband is innocent. 
Mr. Duval is eventually convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to death. In a moment of guilt Mark gets the idea to hypnotize himself to find out if he really is the real murderer. The hypnosis, however, is not completed because inspector Gregg arrives and interrupts. Nurse Stella does make an audio recording of the session though, and on the audio Mark talks about meeting up with his wife at a cabin in the mountains. He also tells of having a quarrel with her and leaving the cabin just as Mr. Duval arrives, going straight to his office and sedating himself into deep sleep. Gregg listens to the recording, but still suspects Mark of being the real murderer. 
Curious and craving for information Mark visits the incarcerated Mr.Duval and finds out that he borrowed $10,000 from Maria in order to pay off some gambling debts. After the visit Mark hears that Mr. Duval's request for pardoning has been denied by the governor. He talks to nurse Stella, who faints right in front of him in the office. Mark assumes that the nurse is beat from too much work. He suggests that he hire another nurse as a secretary to handle the bills for the time being, and drives Stella to her family home to rest her up in the good care of her parents. 
Upon his return to the office Mark gets a visit from inspector Gregg. Mark is confronted with the fact that there's a connection between Mark's private clinic and the acid used on the face of his murdered wife. Mark realizes there might be more at stake than he first thought and decides to hypnotize Stella to see if she knows more than she is letting him believe. On the night of Mr. Duval's execution, with very little time left, Mark gets to hypnotize Stella. She tells him the truth about her plan together with Mr. Duval to get the $10,000 and that she killed Maria when Mr. Duval tried to give the money back. She also confesses to have tried to burn down Mark's office in order to cover the fact that she had been embezzling from him for a long time. Gregg overhears the confession and arrests Stella.
Production.
"Calling Dr. Death" was the first in a series of Inner Sanctum mystery films produced by Universal Pictures, based on the popular book and radio series. The publishers of the mysteries, Simon & Schuster, had granted the studio the film rights to the series in June 1943. The screenplay that was chosen was one already written, by Edward Dein. The production was filmed in 20 days.
As with other Inner Sanctum mystery films, "Calling Dr. Death" makes substantial use of "stream of consciousness" voiceovers. In the case of "Calling Dr. Death", a lot of speech was placed into the voiceover to simplify the rest of the script. Edward Dein, the scriptwriter, attributed this decision to the lead actor Chaney, Jr., who urged Dein "to put the dialogue on the soundtrack because it was too technical, and although he played a doctor in it, he just couldn't say the words." Director Reginald LeBorg also mentioned the film's producer in this regard, stating that Pivar was "very, very crude, not very intelligent, and he couldn't read very well".
Release and reception.
"Calling Dr. Death" was released on 17 December 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="9803142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803142" title="Thomas Thacher">
Thomas Thacher

Thomas Thacher (May 3, 1850 – July 30, 1919) was a descendant of the Rev. Peter Thacher, the rector of St. Edmonds, Salisbury, England; and of his son, Thomas Thacher, who came to America in 1635, settled in Salem, Massachusetts, and later became the first minister of the Old South Church in Boston. His father, Thomas Anthony Thacher, LL D. (Yale BA 1835), was professor of Latin at Yale College from 1842 to 1886, and his mother, Elizabeth (Day) Thacher, was the daughter of Jeremiah Day (Yale BA 1795), president of Yale from 1817 to 1846, and Olivia (Jones) Day. On his mother's side he traced his ancestry to Robert Day, who emigrated from Ipswich, England in 1634, settled in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and in a few years removed to Connecticut and helped to found Hartford.
Thomas Thacher prepared for college at the Hopkins Grammar School. He received a first prize for declamation in Sophomore year. His appointments were a high oration in Junior year and an oration in Senior year. He was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, Skull and Bones, and Brothers in Unity.
After graduation he taught for a year in the Hopkins Grammar School, and then spent a year in graduate study at Yale University. He entered the Columbia Law School in 1873, and was graduated with the degree of LL.B. in 1875, immediately upon graduation being admitted to the bar of New York, of which he became an active and influential member. His first professional association was with Ashbel Green, then one of the leaders of the New York Bar, with whom he collaborated in the preparation of Brice's Ultra Vires, which became a standard American work on corporation law.
After completing this work he was associated with Judge Green in the office of Alexander & Green, and later served as attorney for one of the largest mortgage companies in New York City. On January 1, 1884, he formed the firm of Simpson, Thacher & Barnum (now Simpson, Thacher & Bartlett), with John W. Simpson and William M. Barnum (B A. 1877) as partners. In this, and its successor firms, he was an active partner until his death. Among his partners were Philip G. Bartlett, Yale 1881; his brother, Alfred Beaumont Thacher, Yale 1874; Charles B. Eddy, Yale 1893; Graham Sumner, Yale 1897; Reeve Schley, Yale 1903; and his son, Thomas Day Thacher, Yale 1904.
During his forty-five years of active practice at the bar, the economic life of the country was undergoing a great transformation in the rapid development of production on a large scale. In preparing the structure of the new business organization Mr. Thacher had no small part, performing as he did, much of the legal work in connection with the organization of the Brooklyn Union Gas Company, the American Smelting & Refining Company, the Republic Iron & Steel Company, the American Sheet Steel Company, the American Steel Hoop Company, the American Can Company, the American Locomotive Company, the Railway Steel-Spring Company, and other large consolidations. He combined with such activities the work of a court lawyer, and often appeared before the courts in cases of importance. He was actively interested in the Bar Association of New York City, and for two years (1907–09) was its vice-president. 
From 1887 to 1914, Mr. Thacher was a lecturer on corporations in the Yale School of Law. He was a frequent contributor to the law reviews. At the Yale Bicentennial, he was chosen to deliver the address on "Yale in Relation to Law." In 1903 Yale conferred upon him the degree of LL. D. He served as president of the Yale Alumni Association in New York from 1895 to 1897 and from that time until 1904 as president of the Yale Club of New York City. At the time of his death he was an honorary member of the club. He was one of the founders of the Yale Alumni University Fund and gave himself enthusiastically to the work of the Alumni Fund Association, of which he was chairman from 1894 to 1897 and a director for many years. From 1906 until his death he was a member of the Alumni Advisory Board. 
Mr. Thacher was married December 1, 1880, in New York City, to Sarah McCullough, daughter of Ashbel and Louise B. (Walker) Green, of Tenafly, who survives him with a son, Thomas Day Thacher (Yale BA 1904), and three daughters. Louise Green, who was married October 12, 1907, to Theodore Ives Driggs (Yale BA 1907); Sarah, who married Lewis Martin Richmond (Yale PhB 1903), September 19, 1908; and Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="9803147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803147" title="The Twenty-Twenty Corporation">
The Twenty-Twenty Corporation

The Twenty-Twenty Corporation is a nonprofit organization based in Baltimore, Maryland. The organization serves the youth residing in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. The organization focuses its efforts on its two primary youth-centered missions: positive recreational opportunities and educational enhancement and support.
History.
The organization was founded in December 2005. It received its 501(c)(3) exemption in January 2006.
The organization's first year of business solely entailed recreational activities for the area youth. In January 2007 The Twenty-Twenty Corporation joined the Maryland Association of Nonprofit Organizations (MD Nonprofits).
Organization.
The Twenty-Twenty Corporation is organized into five divisions of appointed staff and two elected offices, the Office of the President and the Board of Trustees.
The Office of the President includes the President/Chief Executive Officer, the Public Policy Liaison, the Secretary and the Chairman of the Board of Trustees (who also serves on the Board of Trustees). With the exception of the Chairman of the Board of Trustees, none of the elected officials have voting powers.
The Board of Trustees has nine elected officials. Trustees are elected by the Corporate Members.
Members of the Corporation are divided into two categories: "Corporate Members" and "Members". Corporate Members are those donors in the top 75th percentile, based on accumulated donations and who have a vested interest in the organization. Corporate members are allowed to participate in nominations and elections, present and organize events (with Corporate endorsements), participate on special committees, represent the Corporation at certain events (with Presidential endorsements) and authorize/sponsor the participation of any otherwise unqualified individual in any Corporate program. Members are the participants, in general, of the organization's programs. Members do not have voting or sponsoring power, but are recognized as regular participants in programs and are entitled to preferential access to such programs.
Recreational opportunities.
Originally, the Corporation's mission was solely to provide positive activities for area youth to have the opportunity to engage in. The founder's premise was that time spent enjoying the events offered by the organization would be well invested in positive activities and not in negative and delinquent behavior. Thus, the backbone of The Twenty-Twenty Corporation's operations focuses on providing recreational activities to the youth.
Many of the activities are organized based on inquiries and requests from the youth consensus. All activities are offered at no cost to the attendees.
Educational enhancement and support.
The organization manages a tutoring program which focuses on educational support. The STRIKE (Supplemental Training Remedies and Individual Knowledge Enhancement) Program is designed to provide free-effective tutoring services to the membership base served. Since its inception the tutoring services have been provided at no cost to the student. Students must be enrolled in a primary or secondary school in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area and their performance should be deemed to be in need of assistance by the Board of Trustees. Tutors evaluate the needs of the students and organize tutoring sessions to accommodate the student's academic needs, the guardian's transportation capabilities and the organization's capacity to provide quality services to a number of students.
The STRIKE Program's Goals and Vision
The Twenty-Twenty Corporation’s investment is in the early education and empowerment of the Baltimore-Washington community. The organization seeks to deter the desire to drop out of school, increase the students' understanding of each subject matter, inculcate the seriousness of a basic secondary education in the student and encourage college as a continuation of education.
Tutors offer one-on-one attention to the student to help supplement the concepts learned in school. Many people utilize tutoring services to brush up on concepts that they may have forgotten over time, to better understand concepts that they find to be more difficult than others, or to help prepare themselves for an important exam that is forthcoming.
Other missions.
The Greatest Gift Program is an incentive for area youth to receive a gift for any occasion at no cost to them. Youth are required to have attended at least two of the Corporation's events, complete a short application and a 500 word essay on a pre-selected topic. Youth compete with others who submit an application during the same time period.
Metro Volunteers provides local philanthropic organizations with a pool of qualified volunteers for a number of tasks. The Corporation lends out its volunteers to its partner organizations to help supplement their missions.

</doc>
<doc id="9803153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803153" title="Kerr Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Kerr Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Kerr Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 163 and it contained 66 housing units.
History.
Kerr Township changed its name from Middlefork Township on April 30, 1860.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.37%) is land and (or 0.63%) is water. The stream of Sugar Creek runs through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains four cemeteries: Chenoweth, Patton, Peabody and Tomlinson.

</doc>
<doc id="9803170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803170" title="Ludlow Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Ludlow Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Ludlow Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 4,278 and it contained 2,233 housing units.
History.
Ludlow Township changed its name from Pera Township in March, 1867.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains five cemeteries: Ludlow, Maplewood, Mennonite, Miller and Mount Hope.

</doc>
<doc id="9803197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803197" title="Mahomet Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Mahomet Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Mahomet Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 12,623 and it contained 4,965 housing units.
History.
Mahomet Township formed when Middletown Township split on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.13%) is land and (or 0.84%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains eight cemeteries: Bryan, Burris-Hartman, Cain-Shaefer, Mahomet, Phillippe, Porter-Dwan, Riverside and Seymour Methodist Episcopal.

</doc>
<doc id="9803226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803226" title="Jeff Novak">
Jeff Novak

Jeff Ladd Novak (born July 27, 1967) is a former American football offensive lineman who played professionally in the World League of American Football and the National Football League. Novak was born in Arlington Heights, Illinois and considers his city of upbringing to be Clear Lake City outside of Houston, Texas. He went to Clear Lake High School and he graduated from Texas State University in 1990.
Professional football.
Novak was drafted as a Guard in the 1990 NFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers, but was cut and signed by the World Football League. He played for the Montreal Machine in 1990 and 1991. The New York Giants signed him in 1991 and he made the team as a development player. He played for the Giants in 1991 and 1992 and then went to the Miami Dolphins and made the active roster to play for 1993 and 1994. Novak was signed by the Miami Dolphins in 1994. In 1995, he was taken in the expansion draft that brought the first NFL team to Jacksonville, Florida. Novak played for the Jacksonville Jaguars until he was placed on injured reserve in November, 1998. His Jaguar contract expired at the end of 1998 and was not renewed. Novak now lives with his family and kids. Wife: Kim Novak Kids: Corinne Novak, Calli Novak, Cade Novak, & Cole Novak.
End of a Career.
During a pre-season game, Jeff injured his leg which had recently suffered a severe hematoma during a practice. Novak contracted a staph infection in the leg which caused a permanent disability. In June, 2002, Novak sued the team physician for malpractice and sought $7.8 million in compensation. The judge eventually dismissed the case.
Post football.
Along with Will Furrer and Tony Boselli, Novak is one of the partners of IF marketing & advertising, an agency founded in 2002 and based in Georgetown, Texas with an office in Jacksonville, Florida. The firm was initially named, "Intra Focus". He also heads [http://www.ifdevelopment.com IF Development, a real estate marketing firm also in Georgetown.
In 2010, Novak teamed up with his brother, Jack, and licensed architect, Jim Cramer to launch Novak Brothers, a real estate planning and development company. In June 2011, Novak Brothers broke ground on The Brownstone at The Summit, a community of custom single-family homes inspired by 19th Century Brownstones found in Chicago and New York. The Brownstone is part of The Summit at Rivery Park, a 36-acre mixed-use development located in Georgetown, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9803233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803233" title="Geoffrey C. Hazard, Jr.">
Geoffrey C. Hazard, Jr.

Geoffrey Cornell Hazard, Jr. (born September 18, 1929) is Trustee Professor of Law at the University of Pennsylvania Law School and the Thomas E. Miller Distinguished Professor of Law at the University of California's Hastings College of the Law. He is also Sterling Professor Emeritus of Law at Yale Law School.
Biography.
Hazard graduated from Swarthmore College with a B.A. in 1953 and received his LL.B. in 1954 from Columbia Law School, where he was Reviews Editor of the "Columbia Law Review".
From 1984 until 1999, Hazard served as Director of the American Law Institute (ALI). In that capacity, he was responsible for supervising the launch of the third series of the Restatements of the Law, which continues to the present. He has been credited by ALI with coming up with the idea of breaking up the larger Restatements (Torts and Property) into smaller pieces to be analyzed one at a time in Restatement Third. As Director Emeritus, he continues to serve on the Institute's council.
Hazard is a leading expert in the fields of civil procedure and legal ethics. His treatise, "Civil Procedure" (5th ed. 2001, with Fleming James, Jr. and John Leubsdorf), is a mainstay of American legal education. He continues to write prodigiously including the "ALI/UNIDROIT Principles of Transnational Civil Procedure" which upon approval by the sponsoring organizations has become a model of civil procedure for international commercial disputes, and many articles, particularly on joinder, including class actions, and discovery. His casebook, "Pleading and Procedure: State and Federal" (9th ed. 2005, with Colin Tait, William A. Fletcher and Stephen Bundy), is widely used in American law schools. In professional ethics, his new book, "Legal Ethics: A Comparative Study" (with Angelo Dondi) compares ethics in the legal professions of modern industrialized countries. He is also author of "The Law of Lawyering" (3rd ed. 2000, with William Hodes, and, after 2007, Peter R. Jarvis), a treatise on legal ethics that is updated annually. He often acts as an expert witness in both fields.
Among Hazard's better-known students is current US Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito. Alito also worked as Hazard's research assistant when he taught at Yale.[http://blog.washingtonpost.com/campaignforthecourt/2005/11/friends_of_judg.html]
He taught at U.C. Berkeley's Boalt Hall and at the University of Chicago Law School. 
He has been granted honorary doctor of law degrees by Gonzaga University (1985), University of San Diego (1985), Swarthmore College (1988), Illinois Institute of Technology (1990), Nova University (1992), and Republica Italiana (faculta di Urbino) (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="9803235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803235" title="Newcomb Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Newcomb Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Newcomb Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,292 and it contained 492 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.59%) is land and (or 0.41%) is water. Illinois Route 47 crosses the township from north to south. U.S. Route 136 forms the northern boundary. The historically registered Hazen Bridge crosses the Sangamon River in the eastern part of this township.
Natural gas storage area.
Though the township is mostly farmland, it also contains the Manlove Field Natural gas storage area operated by Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company.() The storage facility is an underground aquifer opened in 1966 capable of storing around of natural gas for delivery to the Chicago area via connected pipelines. Peoples gas holds property easements covering around for the storage facility and co-located liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant.[http://www.secinfo.com/d2BY3.83.htm
Cemeteries.
The township contains three cemeteries: Naylor, Shiloh and Willowbrook.

</doc>
<doc id="9803242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803242" title="Strange Confession">
Strange Confession

Strange Confession (1945) is an Inner Sanctum mystery film, released by Universal Pictures and starring Lon Chaney, Jr., J. Carrol Naish and Brenda Joyce. The movie was directed by John Hoffman and was later rereleased under the title The Missing Head. The "Inner Sanctum" franchise originated with a popular radio series.
Plot.
Jeff Carter (Lon Chaney, Jr.) is testing a vaccine for influenza. He is working for tycoon, Roger Graham (J. Carrol Naish), who takes the credit and the profit for Jeff's discovery. Roger cares more about profits than safety. Jeff resigns and is blacklisted by his boss. He heads to South America to perfect the formula. Graham has used this opportunity to release the drug and romance Jeff's attractive wife, Mary (Brenda Joyce). When Jeff hears that his son has died, he takes revenge.

</doc>
<doc id="9803248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803248" title="Rathmannsdorf">
Rathmannsdorf

Rathmannsdorf is a township in the Saxon district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge. Rathmannsdorf is 2 km down the Elbe from Bad Schandau. 
Geography.
The township's highest point is a plateau near Bad Schandau 200 meters above sea level, with the lowest point 120 meters above sea level along the Elbe.
History.
Rathmannsdorf was first mentioned in a document in 1443. Rathmannsdorf along with Bad Schandau, Porschdorf, and Reinhardtsdorf-Schöna form a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft. The town is also a stop on the Sebnitztalbahn part of the Sächsische Semmering-Bahn, a local railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9803251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803251" title="Ogden Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Ogden Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Ogden Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,680 and it contained 677 housing units.
History.
Ogden Township was formed from a portion of South Homer Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains three cemeteries: Saint John Lutheran, Saint Joseph and Stearns.

</doc>
<doc id="9803255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803255" title="Sayo Aizawa">
Sayo Aizawa

Biography.
She was born in Hiroshima, Japan and started her modeling career after her high school graduation. She is presently working exclusively for the fashion magazine Classy. She has also appeared in several dramas and TV commercials. She is fluent in 5 different languages: Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Mongolian and English. At the age of 19, Sayo left her village, pursuing her ultimate goal to be a model.

</doc>
<doc id="9803269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803269" title="Achi Chokyi Drolma">
Achi Chokyi Drolma

In Tibetan Buddhism, Achi Chokyi Drolma is the Dharma Protecter of the Drikung Kagyu.She also appears as a protector in the Karma Kagyu refuge tree (as Achi Chodron) and it has a role as a protector and as a dakini in the life story of the Nyingma terton, tsasum lingpa. 
Prophecy.
According to prophecy in the Chakrasamvara tantra it is said, "The head of the Karma Dakinis will come to the area of Tidro cave in Drikung. This will be a nirmanakaya manifestation of Vajrayogini.
Birth.
Around the eleventh century in Shoto, in the area of Drikung (central Tibet), there lived a family who could not conceive a child. In order to bear a child they made a pilgrimage to Swayambhu in Nepal. They prayed fervently for a child and one night the woman, Driza Dharzam, had a dream that a brightly shining sun appeared in the east and radiated light in the ten directions and the sun then dissolved into her womb and radiated light which filled the whole universe, especially illuminating the country of her birth. In the same night, her husband Nanam Chowopal had a dream that a rosary of clear white light emanated from the eastern Buddha field and entered the womb of his wife. In the morning they discussed their dreams and he said, 'a special son will be born to us and we should take much care until this child is born.' They performed a tsog offering; made strong prayers for the fulfillment of their wishes and then returned to their native land in Drikung.
The time came for the birth and an extraordinary daughter was born in the place called Kyetrag Thang. There were numerous auspicious signs and her body was of purest white and radiating rays of light. As a small child she was always reciting the mantra of Tara and at the age of three she was teaching the mantra to others. She grew quickly and was incredibly beautiful. Her parents died when she was quite young and she then stayed with her uncle. 
Young Adulthood.
Many wanted to marry her but she refused all stating, 'I will go to Kham (eastern Tibet) and there lives a great yogi who is descended from the noble clan of the Kyura race. This yogi I will marry and our sons and daughters and future generations will be extraordinary persons who will benefit all sentient beings by spreading the essence of the Buddha's teachings.' Then accompanying a merchant, she traveled to Kham.
They arrived at a place called Dentod Tsonrur and she said to her companion, 'This is the place I have to stay.' She departed and went to meet the great saint Ame Tsultrim Gyatso to whom she said, 'Although I have no attachment to the worldly life, if we join together our descendants will bear many enlightened beings who will do great benefit for the teachings of the Buddha.'
On their marriage day, Ame Tsultrim Gyatso did not have any possessions to arrange for the ceremony. Drolma said, 'Do not worry, I will take care of it.' So saying she miraculously pulled a damaru from her right pocket and a kapala from her left. Then beating the damaru and holding the kapala in her hand she made a mystic dance while gazing into the sky. Immediately the house was filled with the finest food and drink and the richest garments with which to clothe themselves - thus giving great satisfaction and pleasure to all the guests.
They lived together and in time she gave birth to four sons: Namkhe Wangchuk, Pekar Wangyal, Sonam Pal and Kathung Trushi. These sons were exceptionally intelligent and became scholars on both the temporal and spiritual levels.
Of her four sons, Pekar Wangyal fathered four sons. They were Khenpo Dharma, Konchog Rinchen, Tsunpo Bar and Naljor Dorje - of these four, Naljor Dorje became the father of the great Ratnashri Jigten Sumgon, the great Drikungpa, who was the reincarnation of Nagarjuna.
Death.
At a later time Drolma said, 'I have knowingly taken birth into samsara in order to fulfill my aspirations to protect the teachings of the Buddha and for the welfare of all sentient beings. Because of this, I will grant the ordinary and supreme siddhis to my followers. She led her followers to a huge cave called Tingring. The cave was very sacred, containing many precious termas and many self-created statues of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, Yidams, Dakinis, and Dharma Protectors on the rocks inside the cave. A human corpse was brought and she transformed that corpse into a great tsog offering. Those who could partake of that tsog were granted the ordinary and supreme siddhis. Then she composed a text containing a sadhana of herself and promised to look after the teachings of the Buddha in general and to protect the essence of the Buddha's teaching that will appear in the future.
With that she said, 'My activities through this body have come to an end,' and she flew up to the Buddha Field on her blue horse without leaving her body."

</doc>
<doc id="9803274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803274" title="Pesotum Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Pesotum Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Pesotum Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 845 and it contained 368 housing units.
History.
Pesotum Township was formed from a part of Sadorus Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.89%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains one cemetery, Pesotum.

</doc>
<doc id="9803278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803278" title="Goethals Medal">
Goethals Medal

The Goethals Medal is a national award given annually by the Society of American Military Engineers (SAME) to a registered engineer who is also a member of SAME prior to nomination. The nominated engineer must have made "eminent and notable contributions in engineering, design, or construction in the past five years."
The award is named in honor of Colonel George Washington Goethals, a civil engineer and United States Army officer best known for his work on the Panama Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="9803284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803284" title="Dog &amp; Butterfly">
Dog &amp; Butterfly

Dog & Butterfly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9803285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803285" title="Copa Holdings">
Copa Holdings

Copa Holdings, S.A. () is a publicly traded foreign private issuer listed on the New York Stock Exchange and parent company of Panamanian carrier Copa Airlines and Colombian carrier Copa Airlines Colombia. It is headquartered in Panama City, Panama and its current CEO is Pedro Heilbron.
Summary.
Copa Holdings, through its operating subsidiaries Copa Airlines and Copa Airlines Colombia, is a leading Latin American commercial aviation provider of passenger and cargo service. Copa Airlines offers more than 180 daily scheduled flights to 59 destinations in 28 countries in North, Central and South America and the Caribbean through its Hub of the Americas at Tocumen International Airport in Panama City, Panama. In addition, Copa Airlines provides passengers with access to flights to more than 120 other international destinations through codeshare agreements with United Airlines and other airlines. Copa Airlines Colombia, provides domestic service to 12 cities in Colombia as well as international connectivity with Copa Airlines' Hub of the Americas through flights from Bogota, Cali, Medellin, Cartagena, Bucaramanga, Pereira and Barranquilla. Additionally, Copa Airlines Colombia has non-stop international flights from Colombia to Caracas, Quito, Guayaquil and Mexico City.
Board of Directors.
Pedro Heilbron (CEO) <br>
Stanley Motta (Chairman of the Board)<br>
Alvaro Heilbron<br>
Jaime Arias<br>
Ricardo Alberto Arias<br>
Alberto C. Motta, Jr.<br>
Douglas Leo<br>
Joseph Fidanque III<br>
Roberto Artavia Loría<br>
Jose Castañeda Velez<br>
Alfredo Arias Loredo

</doc>
<doc id="9803289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803289" title="Philo Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Philo Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Philo Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,954 and it contained 756 housing units.
History.
Philo Township changed its name from Hale Township on April 30, 1860.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains five cemeteries: Calvary, Captain Davidson, Champain County Poor Farm, Locust Grove and Loeffler.

</doc>
<doc id="9803300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803300" title="Johnnie Dee">
Johnnie Dee

John Richard DeGiuli, known by the stage name Johnnie Dee, is a Canadian rock vocalist, best known as the lead singer for the rock band Honeymoon Suite. Dee (who also plays guitar) and guitarist Derry Grehan formed Honeymoon Suite in Niagara Falls, Ontario in the early 1980s. Together they produced five studio albums and numerous hits including songs such as "New Girl Now" and "Feel It Again" which were both featured on the "Miami Vice" TV series. In 1986, Honeymoon Suite won a Juno Award for "Group of the Year" and was also nominated that same year for "Album of the Year".
In 2004, Dee released a solo album entitled "Songs in Dee", which was produced independently in Canada. Most of the tracks were co-written with Rob Laidlaw who also produced the album. A single for "Out Here" was released, with a corresponding music video.
Dee is still touring with Honeymoon Suite (back with the original lineup) in 2007.
"Songs in Dee".
Co-written with Rob Laidlaw, the bassist with Honeymoon Suite at the time, the track list is:
Featured on the album are:

</doc>
<doc id="9803328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803328" title="Hamid Alidoosti">
Hamid Alidoosti

Hamid Alidoosti (, born 1 January 1956 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian footballer and now football coach.
Playing career.
Alidoosti played for the Iranian club Homa FC for most of his career, and also appeared with FSV Salmrohr in Germany. He was a member of the Iran national football team in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Managerial career.
Alidoosti has served as coach for several clubs in Iran, including Homa FC, Paykan FC (2000–2002), and Tractor Sazi (2003–2004). He also coached the Iran national under-20 football team (2004).
Personal life.
His daughter, Taraneh is an actress. His son, Pouyan, was killed in an accident during the annual Iranian Fire Festival (Chaharshanbe Suri), in March 2005 at the age of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="9803358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803358" title="Saudi Investment Company">
Saudi Investment Company

The Saudi Investment Company (SICO), headquartered Geneva, Switzerland and founded on May 19, 1980, represents the worldwide interests of the Saudi Binladin Group. 
Overview.
The Geneva-based SICO is the parent house for the Group's international financial activities and investments, with branches in London and Curaçao. The Curaçao branch, established in 1984, manages the bin Laden group's partnership with the American Daniels Realty Corporation (Duspic), part of the Fluor Corporation conglomerate. It is partly through the bin Ladens' influence that the Fluor group was one of the major recipients of reconstruction contracts in Kuwait.
Personnel.
The company is chaired by Yeslam bin Laden, a half-brother of the more infamous Osama bin Laden. Board members include Beatrice Dufour (a sister-in-law of Yeslam), noted Swiss lawyer Baudoin Dunant, Charles Rochat, and Tilouine el Hanafi.
Included among SICO's more notable business partners is the Pakistani businessman Akberali Moawalla, who, on December 5, 2001, would come under the scrutiny of French investigative authorities for his role in a €241 million transfer made to Pakistan in 2000 from an account belonging to a company called Cambridge, an SBG subsidiary, that was opened at Deutsche Bank in Geneva, according to the "Le Monde". U.S. authorities were aware of the existence of those funds, which they believe were transferred into an account belonging jointly to Osama bin Laden and someone of Pakistani nationality, according to the French paper.

</doc>
<doc id="9803360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803360" title="Jan Southgate">
Jan Southgate

Janet Southgate (born Janet Allen 24 September 1955) is a former England cricketer who played 13 women's test matches and 17 women's one-day internationals from 1976 to 1985.
Southgate was born in Eastcote, Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="9803379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803379" title="Milingimbi Airport">
Milingimbi Airport

Milingimbi Airport is an airport located east northeast of Milingimbi on Milingimbi Island, Northern Territory in Australia. The airport received funding for security upgrades in 2006.[http://www.warrensnowdon.com/media/061220.htm]
History.
The airfield was constructed by Milingimbi Mission's Aboriginal residents on behalf of the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="9803384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803384" title="Conservapedia">
Conservapedia

Conservapedia is an English-language wiki encyclopedia project written from a self-described American conservative and fundamentalist Christian point of view. The website was started in 2006 by homeschool teacher and attorney Andrew Schlafly, son of conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, to counter what he perceived as a liberal bias present in Wikipedia. It uses editorials and a wiki-based system to generate content.
Examples of the ideology of Conservapedia in its articles include accusations against and strong criticism of US President Barack Obama, the Democratic Party, evolution, a wide array of alleged liberal ideologies, Wikipedia's supposed liberal bias, of the theory of relativity as promoting moral relativism, claiming a proven link between abortion and breast cancer, praise of a number of Republican politicians, praise of celebrities and artistic works that it views as "conservative" and/or promoting moral standards in line with Christian family values, and acceptance of fundamentalist Christian doctrine such as Young Earth creationism, as well as the divinity of Jesus. Conservapedia's "Conservative Bible Project" is a crowd-sourced translation of the Bible which Conservapedia claims will be "free of corruption by liberal untruths".
The site has received negative reactions from the mainstream media, as well as from notable political figures, including commentators and journalists, and has been criticized for bias and inaccuracies.
History and overview.
Conservapedia was created in November 2006 by Andrew Schlafly, a Harvard- and Princeton-educated attorney and a homeschool teacher. He started the project after reading a student's assignment written using Common Era dating notation rather than the Anno Domini system that he preferred. Although he was "an early Wikipedia enthusiast," as reported by Shawn Zeller of "Congressional Quarterly", Schlafly became concerned about bias after Wikipedia editors repeatedly undid edits to the article about the 2005 Kansas evolution hearings. Schlafly expressed hope that Conservapedia would become a general resource for American educators and a counterpoint to the liberal bias that he perceived in Wikipedia.
The "Eagle Forum University" online education program, which is associated with Phyllis Schlafly's Eagle Forum organization, uses material for various online courses, including U.S. history, stored on Conservapedia. Editing of Conservapedia articles related to a particular course topic is also a certain assignment for Eagle Forum University students.
Running on MediaWiki software, the site was founded in 2006, with its earliest articles dating from November 22. By January 2012, Conservapedia contained over 38,000 pages, not counting pages intended for internal discussion and collaboration, minimal "stub" articles, and other miscellany. Regular features on the front page of Conservapedia include links to news articles and blogs that the site's editors consider relevant to conservatism. The site also hosts debates in which its users may participate; subjects discussed include religion and politics. Editors of Conservapedia also maintain a page titled "Examples of Bias in Wikipedia" that compiles alleged instances of bias or errors on Wikipedia pages. It was, at one point, the most-viewed page on the site.
Editorial viewpoints and policies.
Conservapedia has editorial policies designed to prevent vandalism and what Schlafly sees as liberal bias. According to "The Australian", although the site's operators claim that the site "strives to keep its articles concise, informative, family-friendly, and true to the facts, which often back up conservative ideas more than liberal ones", on Conservapedia "arguments are often circular" and "contradictions, self-serving rationalizations and hypocrisies abound."
Comparison to Wikipedia.
Shortly after its launch in 2006, Schlafly described the site as being competition for Wikipedia, saying "Wikipedia has gone the way of CBS News. It's long overdue to have competition like Fox News." Many editorial practices of Conservapedia differ from those of Wikipedia. Articles and other content on the site frequently include criticism of Wikipedia as well as criticism of its alleged liberal ideology.
Launching the online encyclopedia project, Schlafly asserted the need for an alternative to Wikipedia due to editorial philosophy conflicts. The site's "Conservapedia Commandments" differ from Wikipedia's editorial policies. Wikipedia's policies include following a neutral point of view and avoiding original research. In response to Wikipedia's core policy of neutrality, Schlafly has stated: "It's impossible for an encyclopedia to be neutral. I mean let's take a point of view, let's disclose that point of view to the reader", and "Wikipedia does not poll the views of its editors and administrators. They make no effort to retain balance. It ends up having all the neutrality of a lynch mob".
In a March 2007 interview with "The Guardian", Schlafly stated, "I've tried editing Wikipedia, and found it and the biased editors who dominate it censor or change facts to suit their views. In one case my factual edits were removed within 60 seconds—so editing Wikipedia is no longer a viable approach". On March 7, 2007, Schlafly was interviewed on BBC Radio 4's flagship morning show, "Today", opposite Wikipedia administrator Jim Redmond. Schlafly raised several concerns: that the article on the Renaissance does not give any credit to Christianity, that Wikipedia articles apparently prefer to use non-American spellings even though most users are American, that the article on American activities in the Philippines has a distinctly anti-American bias, and that attempts to include pro-Christian or pro-American views are removed very quickly. Schlafly also claimed that the Wikipedia policy of allowing both Common Era and Anno Domini notation was anti-Christian bias.
Licensing of content.
Conservapedia allows users to "use any of the content on this site with or without attribution." The copyright policy also states, "This license is revocable only in very rare instances of self-defense, such as protecting continued use by Conservapedia editors or other licensees." It also does not permit "unauthorized mirroring". Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales has raised concerns about the fact that the project is not licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL) or a similar copyleft license, stating, "People who contribute Conservapedia are giving them full control of the content, which may lead to unpleasant results."
Vandalism.
The site has stated that it prohibits unregistered users from editing entries due to concerns over vandalism, disruption or defamation. Brian Macdonald, a Conservapedia editor, commented vandalism was intended to "cause people to say, 'That Conservapedia is just wacko.'" Macdonald has spent many hours daily reverting, in the words of Stephanie Simon of the "Los Angeles Times", "malicious editing". Vandals had inserted "errors, pornographic photos and satire." For example, U.S. Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales was said to be "a strong supporter of torture as a law enforcement tool for use against Democrats and third world inhabitants".
Other editorial policies.
Conservapedia states on its "Manual of Style" page that "American English spellings are preferred but Commonwealth spellings, for "de novo" or otherwise well-maintained articles are welcome." It prefers that articles about the United Kingdom use British English, while articles about the United States use American English, to resolve editorial disputes. Initially, Schlafly and other Conservapedia editors considered Wikipedia's policy allowing British English spelling to be anti-American bias.
The "Conservapedia Commandments" also require edits to be "family-friendly, clean, concise, and without gossip or foul language" and that users make most edits on their site quality edits to articles; accounts that engage in what it considers "unproductive activity, such as 90% talk and only 10% quality edits" may be blocked. The commandments also cite the United States Code as justification for legal action against edits that contain obscenities or are vandalism or spam. Conservapedia policies encourage its users to choose usernames "based on real name or initials", and users that have usernames deemed "frivolous" by the admins are blocked; one of the site's criticisms of Wikipedia is "silly administrator names", which is claimed to reflect Wikipedia's "substantial anti-intellectual element".
Conflict with scientific views.
Various Conservapedia articles contradict established fields of science. On March 19, 2007, the British free newspaper "Metro" ran the article "Weird, wild wiki on which anything goes", articulating the dismissal of Conservapedia by the Royal Society, saying "People need to be very careful about where they look for scientific information". A "Los Angeles Times" journalist noted Conservapedia's critics voiced concern that children stumbling on the site may assume Conservapedia's scientific content is accurate.
Creation.
Although not all Conservapedia contributors subscribe to a young-earth creationist point of view—former administrator Terry Koeckritz stated to the "Los Angeles Times" that he did not take the Genesis creation account literally—sources have attributed the poor science coverage to an overall editorial support of the young-earth creationist perspective and an over-reliance on Christian creationist home-schooling textbooks. In an analysis in early 2007, science writer Carl Zimmer found evidence that much of what appeared to be inaccurate or inadequate information about science and scientific theory could be traced back to an over-reliance on citations from the works of home-schooling textbook author Jay L. Wile.
Evolution.
Conservapedia's article on evolution presents evolution as a naturalistic theory that lacks support and that conflicts with evidence in the fossil record that creationists perceive to support creationism. The entry also suggests that sometimes the Bible has been more scientifically correct than the scientific community. Schlafly has defended the statement as presenting an alternative to evolution.
Environmentalism.
An entry on the "Pacific Northwest Arboreal Octopus" has received particular attention. Schlafly has asserted that the page was intended as a parody of environmentalism. As of March 4, 2007, the entry has been deleted.
Abortion.
Conservapedia asserts that there is a proven link between abortion and breast cancer, while the scientific consensus is that the best studies indicate that there is no such association for first-trimester abortion.
Relativity.
Conservapedia has also received criticism for its articles regarding the theory of relativity, particularly on their entry titled "Counterexamples to relativity", an article that lists examples purportedly demonstrating that the theory is incorrect. Attention was drawn to the article by a "Talking Points Memo" posting, in which they reported on Conservapedia's entry and stated that Andy Schlafly, Conservapedia's founder, "has found one more liberal plot: the theory of relativity". "New Scientist", a science magazine, criticized Conservapedia's views on relativity and responded to several of Conservapedia's arguments against it. Against Conservapedia's statements, "New Scientist" stated that one is unlikely to find a single physicist that would claim that the theory of general relativity is the whole answer to how the universe works, and said that the theory of relativity has passed every test that the theory has been put through.
University of Maryland physics professor Robert L. Park has also criticized Conservapedia's entry on the theory of relativity, arguing that its criticism of the principle as "heavily promoted by liberals who like its encouragement of relativism and its tendency to mislead people in how they view the world" confuses a physical theory with a moral value. In a similar statement, "New Scientist" stated at the end of their article that:
In October 2010, "Scientific American" criticized Conservapedia's attitude towards the Theory of Relativity, assigning them a zero score on their 0 to 100 fallacy-versus-fact "Science Index", describing Conservapedia as "the online encyclopedia run by conservative lawyer Andrew Schlafly, implies that Einstein's theory of relativity is part of a liberal plot."
Another claim is that "Albert Einstein's work had nothing to do with the development of the atomic bomb", and that Einstein was only a minor contributor to the theory of relativity.
Ideology.
"The Guardian" of the United Kingdom has referred to Conservapedia's politics as "right-wing", although it is sometimes described as far-right or New Right.
Liberalism.
Many Conservapedia articles criticize values that its editors associate with "liberal ideology". The article "Liberal" once began with text originating from Schlafly personally: "A liberal (also leftist) is someone who rejects logical and biblical standards, often for self-centered reasons. There are no coherent liberal standards; often a liberal is merely someone who craves attention, and who uses many words to say nothing." Leonard Pitts quoted it in a critical comment saying "You may judge Conservapedia's own bias by reading its definition of liberal".
Conservapedia's entry on 'Liberal' has since been changed to begin with:
A liberal is someone who favors censorship of Christianity plus increased government spending and power, as in ObamaCare. Increasingly liberals side with the homosexual agenda, including same-sex marriage. Many liberals favor a welfare state where people receive endless entitlements without working. Liberals are often anti-Christian, or otherwise disagree with moral or social principles held by many American Christians. The liberal ideology has worsened over the years and degenerated into economically delusional views and intolerant ideology. Some liberals simply support, in knee-jerk fashion, the opposite of conservative principles without having any meaningful values of their own.
Partisan politics.
Schlafly said in an interview with National Public Radio that Wikipedia's article on the history of the Democratic Party is an "attempt to legitimize the modern Democratic Party by going back to Thomas Jefferson" and that it is "specious and worth criticizing". He also has claimed that Wikipedia is "six times more liberal than the American public", a claim that has been labeled "sensational" by Andrew Chung of the Canadian newspaper the "Toronto Star".
John Cotey of the "St. Petersburg Times" observed that the Conservapedia article about the Democratic Party contained a criticism about the party's alleged support for same-sex marriage, and associated the party with the homosexual agenda.
The Conservapedia entries on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama are critical of their respective subjects. During the 2008 presidential campaign, its entry on Obama asserted that he "has no clear personal achievement that cannot be explained as the likely result of affirmative action". Some Conservapedia editors urged that the statement be changed or deleted, but Schlafly, a classmate of Obama, responded by asserting that the "Harvard Law Review", the Harvard University legal journal for which Obama and Schlalfy worked together, uses racial quotas and stated: "The statement about affirmative action is accurate and will remain in the entry". In addition, Hugh Muir of the British newspaper "The Guardian" mockingly referred to Conservapedia's assertion that Obama has links to radical Islam as "dynamite" and an excellent resource for "US rightwingers".
In contrast, the articles about conservative politicians, such as Republican former US president Ronald Reagan and former British Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, have been observed as praising their respective subjects. Mark Sabbatini of the "Juneau Empire" considered the Conservapedia entry on Sarah Palin, the Republican vice-presidential candidate for the 2008 US presidential election, a "kinder, gentler" and "far shorter and less controversial" reference for one wishing to learn about Palin in contrast with the corresponding Wikipedia entry, which Sabbatini found to be plagued by disputes over inclusion of potentially controversial details about her life.
Atheism.
In July 2008, "American Prospect" associate editor Ezra Klein derided the Conservapedia article on atheism in his weekly column: "As Daniel DeGroot notes, you've got to wonder which 'unreasonable' explanations they rejected when formulating that entry".
The website sometimes adopts a strongly critical stance against figures that it perceives as political or ideological opponents. For instance, in May 2009, "Vanity Fair" and "The Spectator" reported that Conservapedia's article on atheist Richard Dawkins featured a picture of Adolf Hitler at the top.
Reception.
The Conservapedia project has come under significant criticism for numerous factual inaccuracies and factual relativism. "Wired" magazine noted that Conservapedia was "attracting lots of derisive comments on blogs and a growing number of phony articles written by mischief makers". Iain Thomson in "Information World Review" wrote that "leftist subversives" may have been creating deliberate parody entries. Conservapedia has been compared to CreationWiki, a wiki written from a creationist perspective, and Theopedia, a wiki with a Reformed theology focus. Fox News obliquely compared it with other new conservative websites competing with mainstream ones, such as MyChurch, a Christian version of social networking site MySpace, and GodTube, a Christian version of video site YouTube.
Tom Flanagan, a conservative professor of political science at the University of Calgary, has argued that Conservapedia is more about religion, specifically Christianity, than conservatism and that it "is far more guilty of the crime they're attributing to Wikipedia" than Wikipedia itself. Matt Millham of the military-oriented newspaper "Stars and Stripes" called Conservapedia "a Web site that caters mostly to evangelical Christians". Its scope as an encyclopedia, according to its founders, "offers a historical record from a Christian and conservative perspective". "APC" magazine perceives this to be representative of Conservapedia's own problem with bias. Conservative Christian commentator Rod Dreher has been highly critical of the website's "Conservative Bible Project", an ongoing retranslation of the Bible which Dreher attributes to "insane hubris" on the part of "right-wing ideologues".
The project has also been criticized for promoting a false dichotomy between conservatism and liberalism and for promoting relativism with the implicit idea that there "often are two equally valid interpretations of the facts". Matthew Sheffield, writing in the conservative daily newspaper "The Washington Times", argued that conservatives concerned about bias should contribute more often to Wikipedia rather than use Conservapedia as an alternative since he felt that alternative websites like Conservapedia are often "incomplete". Author Damian Thompson asserts that the purpose of Conservapedia is to "dress up nonsense as science".
Bryan Ochalla, writing for the LGBT magazine "The Advocate", referred to the project as "Wikipedia for the bigoted". On the satirical news program "The Daily Show", comedian Lewis Black lampooned its article on homosexuality. Writing in "The Australian", columnist Emma Jane described Conservapedia as "a disturbing parallel universe where the ice age is a theoretical period, intelligent design is empirically testable, and relativity and geology are junk sciences."
Opinions criticizing the site rapidly spread throughout the blogosphere around early 2007. Schlafly appeared on radio programs "Today" on BBC Radio 4 and "All Things Considered" on NPR to discuss the site around that time. In May 2008, Schlafly and one of his homeschooled students appeared on the CBC program "The Hour" for the same purpose.
Stephanie Simon of the "Los Angeles Times" quoted two Conservapedia editors who commented favorably about Conservapedia. Matt Barber, policy director for the conservative Christian political action group Concerned Women for America, praised Conservapedia as a more family-friendly and accurate alternative to Wikipedia.
"Wired" magazine, in an article entitled "Ten Impressive, Weird And Amazing Facts About Wikipedia", highlighted several of Conservapedia's articles, including those on "Atheism and obesity" and "Hollywood values", amongst others. It also highlighted Conservapedia's "Examples of bias in Wikipedia" article, which encourages readers to contact Jimmy Wales and tell him to "sort it out."
Conservapedia's use of Wikipedia's format to create a conservative Christian alternative encyclopedia has been mirrored by other sites, such as Tangle.com (formerly GodTube), QubeTV and MyChurch, which adopted the format of the more prominent Facebook, YouTube and MySpace, respectively.
Wikipedia's co-creator Jimmy Wales said about Conservapedia that "free culture knows no bounds" and "the reuse of our work to build variants directly in line with our mission". Wales denied Schlafly's claims of liberal bias in Wikipedia.
RationalWiki.
In April 2007, Peter Lipson, a doctor of internal medicine, repeatedly attempted to edit Conservapedia's article on breast cancer to include evidence arguing against Conservapedia's claim that abortion was a major cause of the disease. Conservapedia administrators "questioned his credentials and shut off debate". Several editors whose accounts were blocked by Conservapedia administrators, including Lipson, started another website, RationalWiki, a sometimes satirical and sometimes serious wiki website with articles written from a secular, progressive perspective. RationalWiki's self-stated purpose is to analyze and refute "pseudoscience", the "anti-science movement", and "crank ideas", as well as to conduct "explorations of authoritarianism and fundamentalism" and explore "how these subjects are handled in the media."
According to an article published in the "Los Angeles Times" in 2007, RationalWiki members "monitor Conservapedia. And—by their own admission—engage in acts of cyber-vandalism.".
Lenski dialogue.
On June 9, 2008, "New Scientist" published an article describing Richard Lenski's 20-year "E. coli" experiment, which reported that the bacteria evolved the ability to metabolize citrate. Schlafly contacted Lenski to request the data. Lenski explained that the relevant data was in the paper and that Schlafly fundamentally misunderstood it. Schlafly wrote again and requested the raw data. Lenski replied again that the relevant data was already in the paper, that the "raw data" were living bacterial samples, which he would willingly share with qualified researchers at properly equipped biology labs, and that he felt insulted by letters and comments on Conservapedia which he saw as brusque and offensive, including claims of outright deceit. "The Daily Telegraph" later called Lenski's reply "one of the greatest and most comprehensive put-downs in scientific argument".
The exchange, recorded on a Conservapedia page entitled "Lenski dialog", was widely reported on news-aggregating sites and web logs. Carl Zimmer wrote that it was readily apparent that "Schlafly had not bothered to read paper closely", and PZ Myers criticized Schlafly for demanding data despite having neither a plan to use it nor the expertise to analyze it. During and after the Lenski dialogue on Conservapedia, several users on the site were blocked for "insubordination" for expressing disagreement with Schlafly's stance on the issue.
The dialogue between Lenski and Conservapedia is noted in Richard Dawkins' "" in a chapter concerning Lenski's research.
Conservative Bible Project.
Conservapedia hosts the "Conservative Bible Project", a project aiming to rewrite the English translation of the Bible in order to remove terms described as "liberal bias". The project intends to remove sections of the Bible which are judged by Conservapedia's founder to be later liberal additions. These include the story of the adulteress in the Gospel of John in which Jesus declares "Let him who is without sin cast the first stone". The project also intends to remove Jesus's prayer on the cross, "Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing", since it appears only in the Gospel of Luke and since, according to Schlafly, "the simple fact is that some of the persecutors of Jesus did know what they were doing. This quotation is a favorite of liberals but should not appear in a conservative Bible". The adulteress story and the "forgive them" line are missing from many early manuscripts, and many modern textual scholars consider that they are not authentic parts of the gospels, though possibly historically valid.
The Bible project has met with extensive criticism, including from fellow evangelistic Christian conservatives. Rod Dreher, a conservative editor and columnist, described the project as "insane hubris" and "crazy"; he further described the project as "It's like what you'd get if you crossed the Jesus Seminar with the College Republican chapter at a rural institution of Bible learnin. Ed Morrissey, another conservative Christian writer, wrote that bending the word of God to one's own ideology makes God subservient to an ideology, rather than the other way around. Joseph Farah, editor-in-chief of "WorldNetDaily", stated: "I've seen some incredibly stupid and misguided initiatives by 'conservatives' in my day, but this one takes the cake" and "There's certainly nothing 'conservative' about rewriting the Bible". Creation Ministries International wrote "Forcing the Bible to conform to a certain political agenda, no matter if one happens to agree with that agenda, is a perversion of the Word of God and should therefore be opposed by Christians as much as ‘politically correct’ Bibles."
On October 7, 2009, Stephen Colbert called for his viewers to incorporate him into the Conservapedia Bible as a Biblical figure and viewers responded by editing the Conservapedia Bible to include his name. This was followed by an interview between Colbert and Schlafly on December 8, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9803419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803419" title="Remojadas">
Remojadas

Remojadas is a name applied to a culture, an archaeological site, as well as an artistic style that flourished on Mexico's Veracruz Gulf Coast from perhaps 100 BCE to 800 CE. The Remojadas culture is considered part of the larger Classic Veracruz culture. Further research into the Remojadas culture is "much needed". The archaeological site has remained largely unexplored since the initial investigations by Alfonso Medellin Zenil in 1949 and 1950. 
Figurines.
Remojadas is particularly known for its pottery and its hollow ceramic figurines. Literally thousands of these expressive and diverse figurines have been unearthed, found across a wide variety of settings, including burials and middens. 
Figurines portray deities, rulers, and commoners, as well as many types of animals including dogs and deer. Of particular note are the curious childlike "Sonrientes" (smiling face) figurines and faces. Many of the figurines of this period function as flutes, whistles, and ocarinas. Some animal figurines, interpreted as toys or more likely ritual items, are equipped with wheels, one of the few recorded instances of the application of wheel technology in the pre-Columbian Americas.
Many figurines have filed teeth, representing a common practice in the Remojadas culture. The earliest figurines were handmade while the later ones were created using molds. In style and in other ways, the figurines have a close kinship with Maya figurines.
"Sonrientes".
The "Sonrientes" (smiling faces) are the most well-known of Remojadas figurines, featuring wide smiles on curiously shaped—almost triangular—faces. Often the heads are disembodied. Other times they are attached to childlike bodies with outstretched arms and displayed palms. The smile is rather formalised, usually showing teeth and, on occasion, a tongue sticking out between the teeth.
Male "sorientes" are nude or wear loinclothes. Females wear skirts. Both are usually adorned with pectoral bands and/or necklaces, as well as some type of headdress. The headdress, and often the skirts, display a glyph-like emblem or a stylized animal.
Smiling figurines are rare in Mesoamerican art, and the sheer number of "Sonrientes" figurines likely attests to their special role in the Remojadas society, although what that role might be has produced much speculation. Some researchers see the characteristic smile as being hallucinogenically produced or perhaps the result of consumption of the alcoholic pulque. One researcher boldly states that they are "undoubtedly related to the cult of the dead". However, Mary Ellen Miller and Karl Taube find that "it is more likely that many of the smiling figures represent performers".

</doc>
<doc id="9803433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803433" title="Rantoul Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Rantoul Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Rantoul Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 11,273 and it contained 4,969 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.80%) is land and (or 0.22%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains five cemeteries: Beckman, Eden, Elizabeth, Elmwood and Saint Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="9803445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803445" title="Slope stability radar">
Slope stability radar

The Slope Stability Radar (SSR) is the application for the monitoring of slope stability at open-cut mines. It is a system currently in use across the global mining and civil industries.
Slope stability is a critical safety and production issue for open-cut mines around the world to understand the probability of mine wall failures. Many fatalities have occurred in mining due to slope failure - sudden rock and wall collapses. Even when there is no injury, there is a high cost due to lost production and often damaged equipment. A common technique to determine slope stability is to monitor the small precursory movements, which occur prior to collapse.
Slope Stability Radar (SSR).
Slope Stability Radar, as a contemporary slope stability analysis tool, has been developed by Ground Probe to remotely scan a rock slope to monitor the spatial deformation of the face. Small movements of a rough wall can be detected with sub-millimeter accuracy by using interferometry techniques. The effects of atmospheric variations and spurious signals can be reduced via signal processing means. The advantage of the slope stability radar over other monitoring techniques is that it provides full area coverage without the need for mounted reflectors or equipment on the wall. In addition, the radar waves adequately penetrate through rain, dust and smoke to give reliable measurements, in real-time and twenty-four hours a day.
A series of time measurements over time can be used to track movement of the rock slopes, and also detect variations in the rate of movement, which indicate instability. The radar information can be combined with various other information on a graphical display. Typical examples are 3-D models of the rock surface or pictures of the slope being monitored.
SSR systems are used by mining companies of all sizes for active monitoring of critical slopes and background monitoring of general slopes. It combines the strength of both radar and photographic information to provide a full picture of how a slope is moving. The system uses radar to remotely measure the movement of wall surfaces and uses visual images to confirm and display the result. These measurements enable Geotechnical engineers and mine personnel to track slope movements and set alarms to improve safety and optimize productivity.
SSR systems are operated in the most extreme global conditions and diverse applications of open-pit mining. SSR is used in 19 different countries which include Australia, South Africa, North America, South America, China, Indonesia, India etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9803446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803446" title="San Francisco–Oakland–Hayward, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area">
San Francisco–Oakland–Hayward, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area

San Francisco–Oakland–Hayward, CA MSA is a Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) within the San Francisco Bay Area, which includes a number of its core cities and counties. It is defined by the Office of Management and Budget to include core areas more directly economically influenced by San Francisco rather than outlying cities such as San Jose which has its own MSA, the San Jose–Sunnyvale–Santa Clara, CA MSA. Until 2013, this MSA was known as the San Francisco–Oakland–Fremont, CA MSA.
The Federal Government definition states that it consists of 5 counties, grouped into three divisions. Those 5 counties are San Francisco, Alameda, Marin, Contra Costa, and San Mateo County. The three divisions are "Oakland–Hayward–Berkeley" (Alameda and Contra Costa Counties), "San Francisco–Redwood City–South San Francisco" (San Francisco and San Mateo Counties), and "San Rafael" (Marin County).
The MSA is a subset of the 9 county San Francisco Bay Area, as well as the 12 county Combined Statistical Area, the San Jose–San Francisco–Oakland, CA CSA. Three North Bay counties are not in the MSA; instead Sonoma County comprises the Santa Rosa, CA MSA, Napa County comprises the Napa, CA MSA, and Solano County is the Vallejo–Fairfield, CA MSA.
Demographics.
This region had a 2013 census-estimated population of 4,516,276. With a land area of , the MSA has an average population density of 1,825 people per square mile (705 per km).
The U.S. Census Bureau estimates the population of this five-county region as of July 1, 2013 as follows:
Economy.
The GDP of the region was $360.4 billion (nominal) in 2012, a 7.4% annual increase, the fastest growth rate in the United States.
The real GDP per capita (chained 2005 dollars) was $69,542 in 2012, down from a peak of $72,024 in 2008.
Adjacent San Jose–Sunnyvale–Santa Clara, CA MSA posted the highest per capita figures statewide at $90,528 in 2012.
Geography.
There is a vast geographic diversity within this MSA. The region is composed of at least six terrains (continental, seabed, or island arc fragments with distinct characteristics) pushed together over millions of years by the forces of plate tectonics. There are several fault lines running under the Bay Area, such as the San Andreas, Calaveras, and Hayward Faults. There are two distinct regions of the San Francisco–Oakland–Hayward, CA MSA which are separated by the San Francisco Bay. These landscapes range from cool foggy mountains and temperate rainforest on the Peninsula and Marin, to semi-arid, near desert terrain in the easternmost portions of the East Bay.
Transportation.
Bay Area Rapid Transit serves all the counties except Marin. Golden Gate Transit serves Marin, with limited connections to San Francisco and Contra Costa, along with service to outlying Sonoma County. AC Transit serves Alameda and Contra Costa, with connections to San Francisco's transit hub. Commercial air travel is available via San Francisco International Airport, and Oakland International Airport.
Government.
In addition to the city and county governments, there are a number of area-wide governmental bodies. Park organizations in the area include the East Bay Regional Parks District and the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. East Bay Municipal Utility District provides water and sewer services to much of the East Bay, with the Marin Municipal Water District providing for parts of Marin County. The Association of Bay Area Governments provides for regional planning. The Bay Area Metropolitan Transportation Commission coordinates transportation projects. The Bay Area Air Quality Management District monitors air quality.

</doc>
<doc id="9803467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803467" title="Waites Island, South Carolina">
Waites Island, South Carolina

Waties Island is an undeveloped barrier island in the eastern coast of South Carolina. It is under the jurisdiction of Coastal Carolina University and is used primarily as an educational research facility.
History.
Waties Island is named for either William Waties Jr. or Sr., who searched out and claimed large tracts of land in the Waccamaw, Pee Dee, and Horry/Georgetown areas.
The island was inhabited by the Waccamaw Indians prior to the arrival of Europeans. The area was originally given to James Minor via a land grant, eventually coming into possession by Waties' family. For a short period, the island was known as Waiters Island on maps, due to a typographical error. The land was purchased in the 1920s by Horace Tilghman and given to Coastal Carolina University as a grant by his daughter, Anne.
Significance.
Waties Island is, for the most part, land untouched by human development. This is the result of the entire mass tending to fall under the jurisdiction of a single family or facility who choose not to develop it or have a distinct purpose in keeping the island undeveloped. This underdevelopment of the island contrasts sharply with the surrounding Grand Strand area, a beach region that is mostly developed. In addition, Waties Island is a barrier island with a significantly varying climate and ecology compared to the surrounding city land. It is one of the last remaining undeveloped barrier islands on the South Carolina coast. These factors have contributed to its use as a research area by students and faculty of Coastal Carolina University. The island has a conservation easement with The Nature Conservancy placed on it.
Apart from its significance as an ecological research facility, it also has a rich anthropological history. The island is home to many American Indian artifacts, including burial mounds and ceramics.[http://ww2.coastal.edu/ben/other/IndianMounds.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="9803492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803492" title="Manuel Ferreira">
Manuel Ferreira

Manuel ("Nolo") Ferreira (22 October 1905 – 29 July 1983) was an Argentine footballer who was a member of the Argentina national team.
Ferreira was part of the Argentine squad that won the football silver medal at the 1928 Olympic tournament. He also captained the Argentine team at the 1930 FIFA World Cup finals, in which Argentina finished as runner-up.
Ferreira won the Copa America championship with Argentina in 1929 and also won the Copa Newton in 1927 and 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="9803497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803497" title="Radnor Middle School">
Radnor Middle School

Radnor Middle School is the only public middle school in Radnor Township, Pennsylvania and is part of the Radnor Township School District. It is located at 150 Louella Avenue
Wayne, Pennsylvania. A new building recently built to house the middle school opened in fall of 2007.
History.
New Middle School.
The new middle school is a green building and features a "green" roof and geothermal heating and cooling.
When the new Middle School's construction was completed, Anthony Stevenson (formerly Assistant Principal at Radnor High School) took over the role as principal.
The school has received LEED Platinum certification as of Winter 2011.
In March 2011, the 6th graders had an assembly which covered why the new school replaced the old one and what the construction company (Reynolds) did to make it eco-friendly.
Athletics.
Radnor Middle School has some school sports teams in the PIAA leagues. The head athletic director is Mr. George Hahn (8th Grade advanced mathematics teacher), and the associate athletic director is Mr. CJ Herceg (wood shop/tech ed. teacher; now retired). All the teams are offered only to 7th and 8th graders only, with a 7th grade team and an 8th grade team (except for football, wrestling, and volleyball). The teams are as follows:
Spring Athletics.
There also is an ice hockey team that is not associated with the school, but plays under the name of Radnor Middle School Ice Hockey. They compete currently in the IMSHL, or the Iceline Middle School Hockey League (a rink in West Goshen township). The organization is the middle school affiliate of the officially, school recognized Radnor High School Ice Hockey Team, the Radnor Raiders.
The school now has now created a community service club created by town resident and school employee, Laura Foran.
Awards and recognition.
Radnor Middle School is a 2003 blue-ribbon school. Radnor Middle was a cover story on the Philadelphia Inquirer because of its eco-friendly building. Radnor Middle School was also named the #1 middle school in the Philadelphia region by Philadelphia Magazine.
The school is also notable for its many two-person integrated programs, all of which were created by Mark Springer. The original program was the Watershed program; an integrated learning program in which forty 7th grade students have a separate curriculum, focused on studying the dynamics of the watershed they inhabit and its history. It is currently in its 27th year, and schools all over the country often send representatives to observe and bring the program back to their own communities.
Radnor Middle School also has two other integrated learning programs: Crossroads and Soundings. Crossroads is for 6th graders, while Soundings is for 8th graders. Crossroads takes an integrated look at cultures; starting small and expanding outward into the larger community, while Soundings is a democratic classroom, where the students take a role in the development of the curriculum which they will study. Crossroads is in its ninth, and Soundings is in its thirteenth year, not counting when it was off duty in the 2009-2010 school year.
There is also a fourth program, Gateways, although it is interdisciplinary, not integrated, the difference stemming from the fact that, while Crossroads, Watershed, and Soundings all do not have grades, Gateways does. Gateways is currently in its fifth year, despite having had taken a break during the 2011-2012 school year, when it was referred to as STEM, an acronym standing for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="9803518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803518" title="Shark Bay Airport">
Shark Bay Airport

Shark Bay Airport is an airport located on the Peron Peninsula within the Shark Bay World Heritage site in the Gascoyne region serving Monkey Mia, a resort in Western Australia, and the nearby town of Denham.

</doc>
<doc id="9803529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803529" title="Raymond Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Raymond Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Raymond Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 418 and it contained 177 housing units.
History.
Raymond Township formed from a portion of Sidney Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9803552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803552" title="Edward Thomson Fairchild">
Edward Thomson Fairchild

Edward Thomson Fairchild (October 30, 1854 – January 23, 1917)

</doc>
<doc id="9803555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803555" title="Vaccinium ovatum">
Vaccinium ovatum

Vaccinium ovatum is a species of flowering shrub known by the common names evergreen huckleberry, winter huckleberry and California huckleberry.
Distribution and ecology.
"Vaccinium ovatum" is a small to medium sized evergreen shrub native to the Western Pacific Coast of the United States and coastal British Columbia. Typical flora associates are such plants as the western sword fern ("Polystichum munitum"), coastal woodfern ("Dryopteris arguta"), California snowberry ("Symphoricarpos mollis"), common snowberry ("Symphoricarpos albus"), and thimbleberry ("Rubus parviflorus"). Often found sprouting from nurse logs and growing in conjunction with red huckleberry ("Vaccinium parvifolium").
Description.
"Vaccinium ovatum" is a true huckleberry plant, growing well in shade or sun and thriving in acidic soils. Not needing much sun, the plant has a wide variety of forest homes; it is often seen sprouting out of old coast redwood stumps or dense brambles of other forest growths. The shiny, alternately arranged leaves are 2 to 3 centimeters long and about a centimeter wide with finely serrated edges. During the summer the plant produces round, edible black berries up to a centimeter in diameter.
Uses.
Culinary.
Traditionally huckleberries were sought after and collected by many Native American tribes along the Pacific coast in the region.
Cultivation.
"Vaccinium ovatum" is grown as an ornamental plant for horticultural use by specialty wholesale, retail, and botanic garden native plant nurseries. The plant is successful in natural landscape and native plant palette style, and habitat gardens and public sustainable landscape and restoration projects that are similar to its habitat conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="9803559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803559" title="Sadorus Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Sadorus Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Sadorus Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 967 and it contained 437 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.87%) is land and (or 0.13%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains eight cemeteries: O'Bryan, Old Adkins, Old Cloys, Old Frame, Rice, Rock, Sadorus and Saint Joseph.

</doc>
<doc id="9803565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803565" title="Wayne Prior">
Wayne Prior

Wayne Prior (born 30 September 1952) is a former Australian cricketer considered by some to be unlucky never to play Test cricket.
Born in Salisbury, South Australia, Prior played cricket and Australian rules football as a junior before developing into a tall, rangy right-arm fast bowler, who, on his day, was one of the fastest in Australia.
Prior made his first-class debut for South Australia on 1 November 1974 against the touring MCC team at Adelaide Oval, taking 1/60 and 0/18. After a moderately successful debut season, Prior became one of the stand out performers of the 1975-76 Australian cricket season, taking 43 wickets at 19.67, including 6/41 against the touring West Indian team and match figures of 10/168 against New South Wales, including a hat trick. Prior's bowling was a key element in South Australia winning the Sheffield Shield and led to media speculation that he would be included in the Australian Test side against the West Indies. While the large pool of talented fast bowlers available in Australia kept Prior out of the Test team, former English fast bowler Frank Tyson was sufficiently impressed by his performances to confidentially predict that Prior would be a future mainstay of the Australian side. 
Prior spent the 1976 English cricket season playing English club cricket, as well as stints for the Kent Second XI and DH Robins' XI. His 1976-77 season for South Australia was disappointing in comparison to his previous season, realising only 17 wickets at 43.00, but Prior was still considered as a future Test player. His problem, common to many cricketers of his era, was monetary. With cricket providing little financial compensation, Prior was required to work to earn a living, doing so as a casual labourer with a suburban Adelaide council until South Australian Cricket Association officials organised work for him with an Adelaide car dealer. Prior's financial situation was still precarious however, and so when he was offered a significant contract to join the new World Series Cricket (WSC) competition (as well as the opportunity to again play under his former captain at South Australia, Ian Chappell), Prior jumped at the opportunity. 
Prior played two WSC Super Tests, taking two wickets at 116.00, and eight WSC International Cup matches, taking four wickets at 54.00 While Prior's bowling statistics were poor, team mates were impressed with his attitude and his pace, once breaking Kepler Wessels ribs in a country match.
Following the end of World Series Cricket, Prior returned to South Australia for the 1979-80 season, taking 26 wickets at 41.53. He also bought a farm in Lobethal, South Australia with the proceeds of his WSC payments, and his ensuing farm duties led to his unavailability for some matches. Prior missed most of the 1981-82 season due to a mixture of farm commitments and a suspension arising from disputing an umpire's decision in an Adelaide grade match
At his retirement at the end of the 1984/85 season, Prior had played 48 first-class matches for 140 wickets at 33.07. Referred to as "a placid, easy-going character until he gets a ball in his hand and sees a batsman at the other end", Prior was usually known by his nickname "Fang".
Some cricket writers have named Prior amongst the most unlucky players to not have played for Australia. David Hookes, Prior's captain at South Australia, was one who believed Prior should have played Test cricket, calling him "a genuine fast and away-swing bowler", and noting that Prior often troubled West Indian champion Viv Richards more than any of his Australian fast bowling counterparts.

</doc>
<doc id="9803592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803592" title="Zastava M84">
Zastava M84

The Zastava M84 is a general-purpose machine gun developed and manufactured by then- Yugoslav Zastava Arms company. It is gas-operated, air-cooled, belt-fed and fully automatic shoulder fired weapon.
The M84 is almost a direct copy of the Soviet PK machine gun, the sole difference being in stock, which is not hollowed like on the original and is made out of a different wood type.
Variants.
M84.
The standard M84 is intended for infantry use, and is derived from the Soviet-made PK machine gun. It differs from the PK-series in that it has a solid wooden stock and an unfluted barrel. It is also configured for tripod mounting (like the PKS) and comes with a scope mount (like the PKMSN).
M86.
The M86 variant is based on the PKT, and is designed to mount as a coaxial weapon on tanks and other combat vehicles. The stock, bipod, and iron sights are omitted from this version, and it includes a heavier barrel and electric trigger.

</doc>
<doc id="9803597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803597" title="Augusto da Costa">
Augusto da Costa

Augusto da Costa (22 October 1920 – 1 March 2004) was a Brazilian footballer who played for the Brazil national football team. He captained the Brazil team to the 1950 FIFA World Cup final leading them to become the runners-up of the tournament after losing to Uruguay. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He started his career in 1936, with São Cristóvão, leaving the club in 1944. In 1945 he joined Vasco, retiring in 1954. He played 20 games for the Brazilian national team and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="9803599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803599" title="Scott Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Scott Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Scott Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,258 and it contained 556 housing units.
History.
Scott Township was formed when Middletown Township was split on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land. The stream of South Fork Camp Creek runs through this township.
Road Commissioner.
The current road commissioner in Scott Township is Jeff Sebens.

</doc>
<doc id="9803604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803604" title="Crafton Hills College">
Crafton Hills College

Located in the city of Yucaipa, east of San Bernardino, Since its opening on September 11, 1972 Crafton Hills college has served as a beacon for higher learning in the San Bernardino and riverside Counties. Much of the college is built on land that Ruben and Lester Finklestein donated through their foundation The Finkelstein Foundations to crafton hills college. The original donation included 167 acres of land in 1966 with 76 acres more in 1970 and finally donating 251 acres of additional land. Crafton hills college now serves approximately 6,200 students each semester with both evening and night classes.
Students attending Crafton may choose to earn an associate’s degree, transfer to a four-year college or university or earn a career certificate that prepares them to enter the workforce. Crafton maintains strong programs in liberal arts, the sciences and performing arts. Crafton Hills offers 37 degree programs and 35 occupational certificate plans. The college is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, the accrediting body for California and the Western Pacific.
Cheryl A. Marshall the colleges current president recently announced plans to introduce bachelors degree with other degree's such as masters, doctorates and a Liberal Arts with teaching credential program being added over time.
In maintaining strong programs in the liberal arts and the performing arts, Crafton Hills College publishes the annual art and literature magazine "The Sand Canyon Review". This magazine is produced each spring semester, since its revival in the spring of 2008. "The Sand Canyon Review" has hosted work by noted writers and artists alike.
Crafton has a two year Respiratory Care program, leading up to an RRT, a Radiology program operated cooperatively by Crafton and Arrowhead Regional Medical Center and is also the site of a California State Fire Training Academy.
The Crafton Hills College paramedic program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (www.caahep.org) upon the recommendation of the Committee on Accreditation of Educational Programs for the Emergency Medical Services Professions (CoAEMSP).
History
Committee for site Review
The committee for site was responsible for evaluating the Fourteen original sites offered for Crafton Hills College. The committee reduced the fourteen sites down to four sites but one had a special appeal to it and that was that the land was offered up as a donation by Lester and Ruben Finkelstein through their charitable organization The Finkelstein foundation.
Committee Members
Dr. Ray Ellerman- V.P for Business
J.W. McDaniel- acting president
Carleton Lockwood- Board President
Dr. Paul Allen - Professor of history at Valley College
Donald W. Hunt - Member of Yucaipa Board of Education
The Architects
The Architect company involved in the original design of Crafton Hills College included the services of Poper and Jones, architects from long beach who worked in partnership with an architect from San Bernardino named Jerome Armstrong. Because of Poper and Jones heavy involvement in the Development of Valley College the Board of Trustees decided that another architect would be needed choosing the John Porter Clark with firm Williams and Williams. Together these architects formed the Architects Collaborative in July, 1966. The architects were each responsible for their own portion of the Design of the Campus.
Consturction of The College
Those in Attendance: Dr. Gordon C. Atkins - Provost, Mr. J W. McDaniel- Superintendent of the District; Mr. Edward F. Taylor- Board member from Redlands; Mr. Donald W. Hunt, Board member from Yucaipa; and Mr. and Mrs. Lester Finkelstein and Mr. and Mrs. Ruben Finkelstein.
Mr. Taylor and Mr. Hunt Broke ground with a Golden Spade.
First Staff
Gordon C. Atkins -Provost
Foster Davidoff -President
Planning Committee
Robert T. Galbraith -Biology
William H. Hoyt -Physical Education
Harold B. Pigott - English and Humanities
V. Dean Stewart - Chemistry
Demographics.
The latest statistics (Feb. 2002) for the Riverside-San Bernardino metropolitan area are as follows:
214.4 persons per sq. mile, Riverside County 

</doc>
<doc id="9803611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803611" title="Moranbah Airport">
Moranbah Airport

Moranbah Airport is an airport serving Moranbah, Queensland, Australia. It is located south of Moranbah and operated by BHP Billiton Mitsubishi Alliance, a coal mining company.
Moranbah Airport Services is the ground handling agent for all aircraft accessing the airport.
The airport averages 65 QantasLink flights each week, most of these are Dash-8 Q400 aircraft. Growth and production from mining companies in the Bowen Basin means that air traffic is expected to increase over the coming years. In July 2012, Virgin Australia commenced charter flight operations using Skywest ATR-72 aircraft. Virgin Australia Regional Airlines (VA) now offer 3 daily return flights on weekdays and 2 on Sunday's using ATR 72 aircraft.
In 2010, to accommodate the growth and demand for more flights, BMA provided $47 million in funding to upgrade the runway and build a new terminal. The new terminal was completed in June 2012 and now services approximately 160,000 public and charter passengers each year.
All private general aviation aircraft are required to contact BMA's Airports Team for slot times and permission to land at the aerodrome. 
Hertz, Budget and Avis car rental companies all operate from the terminal. Onsite car parking is free. 
BMA Alliance Coal Operations Pty Ltd is a jointly-owned entitiy of BHP Billiton Limited and Mitsubishi Development Pty Ltd.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has one runway designated 16/34 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9803633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803633" title="Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences of National University of Singapore">
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences of National University of Singapore

The Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences (FASS) is one of the largest faculties in the National University of Singapore (NUS).
Overview.
It is made up of three main divisions, Asian Studies, Humanities and Social Sciences. Within the Asian Studies division, the following subjects are offered: Southeast Asian studies, Chinese studies, Chinese language, South Asian studies, Japanese studies and Malay studies. The Humanities division offers the following subjects: History, English language, English literature, Theatre studies and Philosophy. Within the Social Sciences division, the following subjects are offered: Communications and New Media, Economics, Geography, Political science, Psychology, Social work and Sociology.
The faculty offers both 3-year Bachelor degree and 4-year Honours degree programmes. Post-graduate degrees are also offered, as well as ample research posts. Students are expected, at the end of their 3 or 4-year degree, to acquire not only depth in their field of specialisation, but also breadth in the other fields. Therefore, all students are expected to take up modules from all the three departments. The faculty also provides a special shared-major programme, which allows students to specialise in two subjects, without the heavy workload of a double-degree programme. This allows for development of students' interest in different fields.
The Centre for Language Studies.
The Centre for Language Studies (CLS) is part of FASS. The centre currently offers twelve languages for students. They are: Arabic, Bahasa Indonesia, Chinese (Mandarin), French, German, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Tamil, Thai and Vietnamese. Students who are interested in these languages and who have a prior knowledge of the language should sit for a placement test to ensure their enrolment into a class of appropriate level. Beginner (Level 1000) classes are offered for students who have no knowledge of the language. Upon enrolment into language programmes, students have the opportunity of partaking in overseas immersion programmes to further help them develop fluency and competence in the language. The Language Preparatory Programme (LPP) is hosted by the CLS for students who are preparing to go on student exchange to French-speaking or German-speaking countries. These students are admitted into the respective language programmes in their first year of study, and are given priority for language classes. Ideally, after two semesters of study, these students will go for a 3-week immersion programme to the respectively countries, and then after another two semesters of study, they will go for a semester-long (or 2 semesters for students on the Honours track) Student Exchange Programme (SEP) at a partner university.
FASS Modular System - A Rough Guide.
It is common for freshmen (as well as students in all other years of study) to be perplexed by the modular system in NUS. Following is a rough guide to help all in answering some doubts (note: this only applies to single-major students from FASS): 
These constitute the Faculty and Major requirements. Students are also expected to fulfil the University requirements below: 
These apply to a Single-major 3-year Bachelor student. The average number of modules taken each semester is 5 (20 credits). For a 4-year Honours student, he is expected to complete a total of 4 Breadth modules, as well as an increased number of Major modules.
References.
References: 

</doc>
<doc id="9803644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803644" title="Charles Sheehan-Miles">
Charles Sheehan-Miles

Charles Sheehan-Miles (b. Atlanta, Georgia, United States, 1971) is an American writer and veterans' advocate.
Sheehan-Miles grew up in Atlanta. He served in the United States Army in the 1991 Persian Gulf War as a tank crewman in the 24th Infantry Division and was decorated for valor for helping rescue fellow tank crewmen from a burning tank during the Battle of Rumaila. 
After the Gulf War, he became affiliated with numerous advocacy organizations, including serving as executive director of the National Gulf War Resource Center, as executive director of the Nuclear Policy Research Institute (an the organization founded by Helen Caldicott), as a board member at the Education for Peace in Iraq Center and as the founder/executive director of Veterans for Common Sense.
He is the author of two novels:

</doc>
<doc id="9803647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803647" title="Sidney Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Sidney Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Sidney Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,733 and it contained 715 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.67%) is land and (or 0.33%) is water. The stream of Rush Branch runs through this township. The Salt Fork of the Vermilion River winds its way through the northern sections of the township. Frito-Lay has a large corn handling facility located in section 12 () along the county highway between Sidney and Homer; it sits near a major Norfolk Southern east-west rail line.
Cemeteries.
The township contains six cemeteries: Bliss, Boys Family, Brownfield, Brumley, Lynn Grove and Mount Hope.

</doc>
<doc id="9803659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803659" title="Yaga Station">
Yaga Station

Yaga Station can refer to two different train stations in Japan:

</doc>
<doc id="9803661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803661" title="Genesis (Job for a Cowboy album)">
Genesis (Job for a Cowboy album)

Genesis is the debut full-length album by American death metal band Job for a Cowboy. Released on May 15, 2007 through Metal Blade Records, it is their first concept album and is based on possible consequences of the VeriChip, along with the Book of Revelation and apocalyptic theories. It also sees Job for a Cowboy's change into a more straightforward death metal based sound with their previous release, "Doom" being within the deathcore genre. 
Those who pre-ordered the album received signed copies in the days preceding its official release date of May 15, 2007. "Genesis" is the final release by Job for a Cowboy to feature founding member Ravi Bhadriraju. This album also marked the last time the band would work with drummer Elliot Sellers, who announced that he would be leaving the band immediately after recording to go back to school. He was replaced by Jon Rice for the following tour and remained with the band until October 2013.
Lyrical themes.
"Genesis" is a concept album in which mentions the VeriChip, a radio-frequency identification (RFID) microchip, that is supposed to be implanted under the human skin. The device has generated controversy among certain religious groups, which have become against the possible use of it, as there is a Biblical prophecy where all persons must receive the Mark of the Beast "on their right hand or on their foreheads", described in Book of Revelation 13: 16–18, to participate in economic activity under the government of the Antichrist.
Musical style.
Chad Bowar of About.com described the band's musical evolution, saying: "Job for a Cowboy's sound has evolved from deathcore to straight ahead death metal." Bowar also praised the guitarists Ravi Bhadriraju and Bobby Thompson, saying that both have done a "good job at creating innovative riffs and play some quick but skillfull solos."
Critical reception.
On the day of the release, the album debuted at number 54 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 4 for Independent Albums and sold nearly 13,000 copies in its first week, making "Genesis" the highest-charting heavy metal debut since Slipknot's self-titled record. The music video for "Embedded" was directed by Grammy Award nominated Popcore films. 
The album received generally positive reviews, with "Kerrang!" magazine saying, "an album that quite literally obliterates everyone else currently residing within the death and grind scenes" and "one of the year's most essential metal purchases". Scott Alisoglu of Blabbermouth.net, praised the album saying that "Genesis" "is a strong modern death metal release".
The song "Embedded" is available as downloadable content for the "Rock Band" series.

</doc>
<doc id="9803662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803662" title="KMJO">
KMJO

KMJO (104.7 FM, "104.7 Mix FM") is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Hope, North Dakota, it serves the Fargo-Moorhead metropolitan area. It first began broadcasting in 2002 under the call sign KDAM. 
The station is currently owned by Midwest Communications. All the offices and studios are located at 1020 S. 25th Street in Fargo.
History.
104.7 The Dam.
A construction permit (CP) was granted in 2000 by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) with the call sign] KCHY, broadcasting 200 watts covering Hope, North Dakota. Clear Channel Communications paid $800,000 for the CP for KCHY in 2002, and changed the call sign to KDAM.
KDAM signed on with 100,000 watts in October 2002, stunting with clips of songs of all genres, billing itself as "Quick 104.7", and playing ten songs per minute while other stations play ten songs per hour. The modern rock format known as "The Dam 104.7" debuted days later. It became popular, and gained larger Arbitron ratings than rival heritage active rock station KQWB-FM "Q98" at times. Despite a rimshot signal, "The Dam" also attracted more than 2% of radio listeners in the Grand Forks, North Dakota market, somewhat competing with co-owned active rock station KJKJ "KJ 108".
104.7 The Wolf.
KDAM began stunting as "Quick 104.7" again, and later flipped to a country music format as "104.7 The Wolf" in December 2005, competing with KVOX-FM "Froggy 99.9". The format flip caused controversy with listeners, and several online petitions [http://damthewolf.tripod.com/] were created to bring The Dam back. The Wolf was not as successful as "The Dam", and attracted less than 1% of listeners in the Fargo-Moorhead Arbitron radio market.
On September 28, 2006 that KDAM and the other Clear Channel stations in Fargo were sold to James Ingstad's Radio Fargo-Moorhead, Inc., who lives in Fargo. Ingstad once owned the stations and sold them in 2000, though KDAM didn't sign on until 2002. The sale was approved by the FCC on January 19, 2007.
Mix 104.7.
On February 26, 2007, KDAM began stunting with an adult hits format, as "Ed FM", with talk show host Ed Schultz in the logo on its Web site. The station changed its call sign to KMXW and became an adult contemporary station as "Mix 104.7" on March 1, 2007, competing with Triad Broadcasting's Hot AC station KLTA "FM 105.1".
Mojo 104.7.
The station began airing Christmas music as a stunt on November 9, 2007 along with KEGK. On November 26, 2007 the station changed to an oldies/classic hits format with the name "Mojo 104.7", and changed its call sign to KMJO. Starting in April 2010, Mojo added more 80's music to their playlist.
104.7 Popster FM.
On September 12, 2010, KMJO flipped to "104.7 Popster FM" with an adult hits 
Effective April 30, 2013, Ingstad's Fargo-Moorhead cluster — KMJO and sister stations KBVB, KFGO, KRWK, KVOX, and WDAY-FM — was sold to Midwest Communications.
104.7 Mix FM.
On September 10th, 2013, KMJO flipped to The New 104.7 Mix FM, Playing Fargo-Moorhead’s Best Variety. The current airstaff consists of the following: Jeff Left, Ryan Kelly, Scott Winston, and Bo Janssen.

</doc>
<doc id="9803663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803663" title="Senneterre railway station">
Senneterre railway station

Senneterre railway station is located on 4th Street West in Senneterre, Quebec, Canada. It is the final stopover of Via Rail's Montreal – Senneterre train. The station is staffed and is wheelchair-accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="9803681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803681" title="Josh Heytvelt">
Josh Heytvelt

Joshua Rolin "Josh" Heytvelt (; born June 26, 1986) is an American basketball player.
College.
The 6-foot 11 inch (2.11 m) forward came to the Gonzaga Bulldogs in 2004 after a high school career in Clarkston, Washington that saw him named the state's Class 3A Player of the Year for three consecutive years. He sat out the 2004-05 season as a redshirt. Coach Mark Few and the Bulldogs counted on Heytvelt to be a major contributor in his freshman season of eligibility in 2005-06 as part of the supporting cast behind superstar Adam Morrison, but he missed most of the season due to a broken ankle suffered in the Maui Invitational.
In the 2006-07 season, he emerged as a potential star, becoming the team's second-leading scorer with 15.5 per game (behind Derek Raivio), top rebounder (7.7 per game), and leading shot-blocker (1.7 per game). The best game of his career came on February 26, 2009 against Santa Clara, when he scored 29 points and grabbed 9 rebounds. However, in what was effectively his freshman year as a player, there were several games in which he made only sporadic impact.
Professional career.
Following his senior season with Gonzaga in 2008-09, he declared for the 2009 NBA Draft, where he went undrafted. In 2009 Heytvelt played for the Washington Wizards in the NBA Summer League. For his first pro season, he went to Turkey to play for Oyak Renault.
In May 2010, he signed with Lottomatica Roma until the end of the 2009/10 season and then was re-signed for another season, but left the team in January 2011.
On January 13, 2011 he signed with KK Zagreb in Croatia until the end of the season.
On June 28, 2012, Heytvelt returned to Turkey after signing a contract with Tofaş.
Personal life.
He then returned in the summer 2013 to Spokane, WA, where he married his current wife, Claire Heytvelt. He has since gone back overseas to continue his contract in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="9803687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803687" title="Moree Airport">
Moree Airport

Moree Airport is an airport in Moree, New South Wales, Australia. The airport is from the city center. Brindabella Airlines operate 36 services per week between Moree and Sydney using British Aerospace Jetstream 41 turboprops, while the airport also provides general aviation facilities, maintenance and support for agricultural aviation in the local area. The Moree Aero Club has been based at the airport since 1952, and today provides aircraft hire and flight training. The club was instrumental in providing many early improvements to the aerodrome facilities, including hangars and a terminal building.
Airport facilities.
Moree airport has two operational runways. The primary runway 01/19 is sealed with an asphalt surface . This runway is equipped with pilot-operated lighting for night operations. A secondary gravel runway 05/23 is located on the western side of the field and is . The airport does not have a control tower as the typical volume of traffic is not high. Pilots are required to communicate via a Common Traffic Advisory Frequency (CTAF) to safely co-ordinate arrivals and departures. A Non-Directional Beacon (NDB) to the west of the airport is the only navigational aid.
The small passenger terminal and apron are located on the eastern side of the airport, with road access off the Newell Highway. The terminal includes check in desks and a baggage claim area, public telephones, a taxi rank and a counter for AVIS hire car services. Limited ticket sales are available. A single public car park is provided for the passenger terminal, aero club and general aviation facilities. On the western side of the airport is an area primarily used to support agricultural crop spraying and other associated airwork.
Fixed-base operator Austrek Aviation provide ground handling and refuelling services in support of general aviation and agricultural operations. The Moree Aero Club provides aircraft hire and flight training for both recreational and general aviation categories, as well as hosting occasional airshow and fly-in events.
Unlike other towns in New South Wales, Moree Airport is built on the highest piece of land and is not subject to any flooding including the roads leading into it.
Airlines and destinations.
Before 30 March 2013, Moree had been served by up to 20 weekly QantasLink flights to Sydney, using Bombardier Dash 8 turboprop airliners. Controversially, this ended with the awarding of the license to operate the route to Brindabella on behalf of Transport New South Wales following a tender process. The Moree-Sydney route is one of 14 regulated by the State Government. The move was met by considerable opposition within the Moree community, with concerns being raised about a lack of consultation, reduced baggage allowance, loss of frequent flyer program benefits as well as smaller aircraft operating the route and less operational flexibility in the event of delays or cancellations. Prior to 27 January 2012, Brindabella Airlines operated weekday services to Brisbane, but these flights ceased after the company reviewed services to the region following a merger with Aeropelican, a move which damaged the airline's reputation in the local community. However, under the contract, the number of weekly flights will increase to 36, offering more flexible travel times and a five year guarantee on the service under the terms of the license. 
Incidents and accidents.
On the evening of 30 March 2011, a privately operated Piper PA-32R (Saratoga) struck trees and crashed approximately short of the threshold on approach to runway 19. Of the pilot and five passengers aboard, four were fatally injured. Three members of the same well known family who ran local farming, hardware and petroleum businesses were killed. The pilot was also a well respected local businessman. After returning from a day inspecting properties at Brewarrina, NSW the approach was made after dusk. The aircraft flew too low, struck treetops on the fenceline of a nearby caravan park, and came to rest upside down in an adjacent field. The plane was found to be overloaded, and the pilot's lack of recent night flying experience were contributing factors.
On 11 April 2012, an Ayres Thrush S2R-G10 crop dusting aircraft impacted terrain about northwest of the airport, killing the pilot who was the only occupant. The aircraft was on a ferry flight from St George, Queensland en route to Moree Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9803706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803706" title="Somer Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Somer Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Somer Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,268 and it contained 635 housing units.
History.
Somer Township changed its name from Pleasant Hill Township on April 30, 1860.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.91%) is land and (or 0.09%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains four cemeteries: Clements, Cora Brooks, Coslet and Yearsley.

</doc>
<doc id="9803712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803712" title="Manitoba Health">
Manitoba Health

Manitoba Health is an agency of the Government of Manitoba. It is overseen by the Minister of Health, and provides information on various aspects of health care in Manitoba, Canada.
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="9803729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803729" title="Heart Presents a Lovemongers' Christmas">
Heart Presents a Lovemongers' Christmas

"Heart Presents a Lovemongers' Christmas is a Christmas album and the twelfth studio album by Heart. The album was originally released in October 1998 with the title Here Is Christmas", as the second album of the Lovemongers, a side project involving Ann and Nancy Wilson, their longtime friend and collaborator Sue Ennis and Frank Cox..
In 2001, the Wilson sisters decided to re-release the album as a Heart album with no changes to the lyrics or music. The album was reissued in 2004 by Sovereign Artists with a different cover and two bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="9803741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803741" title="Richard Krygier">
Richard Krygier

Henry Richard Krygier (usually known as Richard), was an Australian anti-communist publisher and journalist, and a founder of "Quadrant" magazine.
He was born in 1917 in Warsaw, of Jewish parents, and as a law student was active in student politics at the Józef Piłsudski (Warsaw) University. His early sympathies with communism were shattered by events such as the Soviet purges of the 1930s and the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact and he remained a vigorous lifelong anti-communist. In 1939, he and his wife, Roma, escaped to Kaunas, Lithuania, where they obtained Japanese transit visas. They reached Sydney, via Vladivostok, Japan and Shanghai, in 1941. In Sydney, he was active in Polish journalism and import-export businesses.
Krygier's anti-totalitarian, liberal, democratic perspective led him to sympathies with the international Congress for Cultural Freedom, founded in West Berlin in 1950. In 1954, he formed and became secretary of its Australian arm, the Australian Committee (later Association) for Cultural Freedom. The Association's greatest achievement as well as his was the creation in 1956 of the literary-political magazine "Quadrant", under the editorship of James McAuley. Krygier was publisher, business manager and fund-raiser. In addition, he organised lecture tours of prominent overseas political and cultural figures and conferences on the problems on establishing democracy in developing states. 
He remained active in "Quadrant" up to his death in 1986. For the last four years of his life, he wrote a regular "Quadrant" column, but he had contributed a few other pieces to the magazine before then.

</doc>
<doc id="9803748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803748" title="List of USHL alumni to play in the NHL">
List of USHL alumni to play in the NHL

List of United States Hockey League alumni who have played in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="9803752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803752" title="KTUC">
KTUC

KTUC (1400 AM) is a commercial radio station located in Tucson, Arizona. The station is under ownership of Cumulus Media. KTUC airs a combined adult standards and oldies music format.
History.
KTUC is one of the oldest stations in Tucson. It went on the air in 1925.
In the early 1970s it used the slogan 'Formula 1400', which referred to its practice of airing 35 minutes of news programming and 25 minutes of music programming to round out the hour. The hour started with the news programming then went to the music programming.
In the late 1970s the station segued to a news/talk format, airing news all day and syndicated talk shows at night. It was an affiliate of the Arizona Broadcasting System and picked up newscasts from KTAR in Phoenix on a phone line. By 1977, it was airing a 20-minute newsreel format, with CBS, ABC and Mutual radio newscasts leading each piece of the pie—ABC and Mutual were both tape-delayed. Larry King broadcasts aired overnight, although those broadcasts were replaced by Enterprise Radio (a progenitor of ESPN Radio) by 1979.
Tucson Toros baseball games were carried live, although the studio recreated road games in 1980.
It was named the AP Broadcast News Station of The Year in 1980. That year, its news staff broke the story about chemical contamination in the underground aquifers of southern Tucson, news items that ended up in a major political controversy and subsequent cleanup. It also won investigative awards for breaking and following up on the story of a factory that painted glow-in-the-dark watch dials and instrument panels using tritium, a radioactive isotope that was found in school lunches prepared in a commissary across the street.
Throughout the entire period from the 70s until the Arizona Diamondbacks came into existence, KTUC was the exclusive Tucson affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers radio network syndicated from KABC radio in Los Angeles. The station also carried California Angels broadcasts picked up from KMPC in Los Angeles, and would tape delay the Angels games when the Dodgers were on the air. In the days before cable television, when baseball games could be seen once a week on NBC, the Dodgers radio broadcasts developed a huge following in Tucson. Sports were always huge at KTUC, and its 1970s sports director Rory Markas (now deceased) went to the 2002 World Series as voice of the Angels. General manager Tom Maples vowed he could sell ads for a play-by-play of two kids playing basketball with peach hoops.
In the late 1980s, the station was the Tucson affiliate of the Arizona State University Sun Devils radio network (the Sun Devils are the Phoenix-area based Pac-10 arch-rival of the locally-based Arizona Wildcats of the University of Arizona; the station reversed affiliations and beginning in the 1990s, was the affiliate of the Wildcats' radio network), and the same station was also the Tucson affiliate of the Phoenix Suns radio network.
In the early 1990s, KTUC went through several new owners (including today's Cumulus Media) and went to an adult standards format. Currently, the station airs a combination of rock oldies and adult standards.

</doc>
<doc id="9803762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803762" title="Jab We Met">
Jab We Met

Jab We Met (English: "When We Met") is a 2007 Hindi romantic comedy film directed and written by Imtiaz Ali. The film, produced by Dhillin Mehta under Shree Ashtavinayak Cinevision Ltd, stars Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor in their fourth film together with Dara Singh, Pawan Malhotra and Saumya Tandon in supporting roles. It is well known for introducing the concept of the 'Manic Pixie Dream Girl' to modern Hindi cinema.
The film tells the story of a feisty Punjabi girl who is sent off track when she bumps into a depressed Mumbai businessman on an overnight train to Delhi. While attempting to get him back on board when he alights at a station stop, both are left stranded in the middle of nowhere. Having walked out of his corporate business after being dumped by his girlfriend, the man has no destination in mind, until the girl forces him to accompany her back home and then on to elope with her secret boyfriend.
Released in the U.K. a day before its worldwide release of 26 October 2007, the film became a hit at the Indian box office as well as overseas. The distributors of the film, Shree Ashtavinayak Cinevision Ltd, announced that "Jab We Met" would be remade by corporate entity Moser Baer in four other Indian languages: Tamil (dubbed into Telugu), Kannada and Malayalam. The Tamil remake of the film was released in 2009 as "Kanden Kadhalai". The film inspired the TV show Love U Zindagi.
Plot.
Aditya Kashyap (Shahid Kapoor), the son of a recently deceased reputed industrialist, demoralized by his mother's affair and subsequent departure, becomes even more depressed after attending the marriage of his girlfriend. Feeling ashamed, he walks out of the wedding, boards a train at night, and appears on the verge of committing suicide. While on board, he meets Geet Dhillon (Kareena Kapoor), a lively and talkative young woman who is leaving Mumbai to go to her hometown, Bhatinda, Punjab.
Initially, Aditya finds Geet very annoying. She discloses her plans of eloping with her boyfriend Anshuman (Tarun Arora), as she fears resentment from her parents. Geet annoys Aditya to the point where he leaves the train. In trying to get him back on board, she ends up missing it and finds herself stranded on a desolate station, Badnagar, with no luggage or money. She confronts Aditya and tells him that he is now responsible for getting her safely to her house in Punjab. They begin an idyllic journey through the exuberant north Indian heartland, travelling in buses, taxis and camel-carts to reach her house. Through spending so much time with Geet, Aditya begins to feel good about life again.
On arrival, Geet's family (Pawan Malhotra, Dara Singh and Kiran Juneja) mistakes the two for lovers, but the pair quickly assures them that there is nothing of the sort. Aditya tells her family he is a musician to avoid being recognized as the famous industrialist, and her family accepts this. A few days later, Manjeet, an old childhood friend of Geet's who wants to marry her, arrives as her suitor. Geet, however, does not want to marry him. While he is there, Geet leads him to believe that there is something intimate going on between her and Aditya. Later that night, Geet runs away from her home, with Aditya, to marry Anshuman in Manali. However, Geet's sister sees them running away and informs the entire family. The two hurriedly make their escape, but this confirms the suspicion in Geet's family that they are lovers. The two escape to Manali and then part to continue on their separate ways.
Upon returning to Mumbai with a new conviction and positive outlook on life because of Geet's influence, Aditya guides his company to extreme success. Around nine months later, he launches a new product, a calling card named "Geet", as he has fallen in love with her. Geet’s family sees this launch on TV and runs to Mumbai to meet Aditya. Aditya is shocked to learn that Geet has not returned home. He takes it upon himself to find her and return her to her family. He returns to Manali, where he expects her to be with her new husband. Instead, he finds that Anshuman had turned her out and refused to marry her.
After chastising Anshuman for what he did, Aditya leaves and finally tracks Geet down in Shimla, shocked to see what she has become: a quiet, reserved, and miserable schoolteacher. Convincing her to face her circumstances, he manages to bring her back to normal life, and things start to look up for her again. However, Anshuman arrives and tries to patch up with her, claiming he realized he was a jerk. Initially, Geet does not want to accept him, but Aditya pushes her to be with him, even though he loves her. All three travel back to Bhatinda to unite Geet with her family and to announce that Geet and Anshuman are together. Upon their arrival, the family again assumes that Geet and Aditya are together and, in all the confusion, there is no chance to right the family's misconceptions. While trying to clear the confusion, Geet realizes that she is in love with Aditya, not Anshuman. She confesses her love to Aditya, and the couple gets married. Finally,it is seen they have two daughters
Production.
Pre-production work on the film began in early 2007 when Shree Ashtavinayak Cinevision Ltd announced that director Imtiaz Ali would be directing the then real life couple Shahid and Kareena Kapoor in their first "full-fledged romantic drama". When Ali began casting for the film, Kareena Kapoor was the director's first choice to portray the role of Geet Dhillon whilst Shahid Kapoor was cast to play the role of Aditya Kashyap, after Ali met him and discovered the actor was more than a poster boy. On the two lead actors, Ali commented, "I wanted a girl who could look natural in scenes where she misses the train. She had to be without make-up, someone who could be hyper, talkative and interesting but not irritating. I was never a fan of her and hadn't seen too many of her flicks, but I just knew Kareena was perfect as Geet [... the other hand, When I met him , I realised he wasn't the forgettable actor that he comes across in several of his movies. He has gone through a lot in life and that maturity had never been brought out. He was perfect for the role of a young, mature, quiet guy."
The film's shooting started on 20 March 2007 in Chandigarh, Punjab and later headed to Shimla and Manali, Himachal Pradesh, where the crew filmed a song on the Himalayas and the Rohtang Pass. Manish Malhotra served as the costume designer during the filming. While shooting the last schedule of the film in Mumbai, sources had indicated that the lead pair had broken up. Though the media projected it as a publicity stunt for the film, it was later confirmed that the couple had indeed broken up. The title of the film was decided by a popular vote; moviegoers had a choice between "Punjab Mail", "Ishq Via Bhatinda" ('Love via Bhatinda') and "Jab We Met".
To promote the film, the actors appeared separately on different television shows. Kareena Kapoor appeared as guest judge on the singing talent contest "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007" whilst Shahid Kapoor appeared on "Amul STAR Voice of India" and "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" respectively; they later appeared together on the television show "Nach Baliye". Apart from this, the producers also painted two full local trains in Mumbai from the Western and Central lines with "Jab We Met" imagery, where Shahid Kapoor chatted up with fellow passengers and informed them about the movie. On the night of 23 October 2007, a special preview of the film was organized at Yash Raj Studios in Mumbai for those associated with the film and their families.
Release.
Reception.
The film opened to positive reviews on 26 October 2007 with a fairly good opening of 70% all over India and later increased to 90% during the weekend. Making a total first week net business of 11.75 crores from 350 cinemas, the film went into the second week with very strong collections and saw a massive increase with 40%-50% increment in shows worldwide.
Continuing its strong march in week two with collections of over and a two-week total of , the film was declared a "hit". During its third week, "Jab We Met" managed to add another to its collections but suffered a setback due to the arrival of Farah Khan's "Om Shanti Om" and Sanjay Leela Bhansali's "Saawariya", which resulted in the number of shows for the film being reduced. Due to popular demand and the poor performance of the latter,
the following week saw an increase in the number of prints for the film across the country, and resulted in a 50% increase of the film's collections. Completing fifty successful days at the box office on 14 December 2007, the film received a "hit" status by "BoxOffice India" and continued running successfully in cinemas with greater number of shows than the much later-released, "Om Shanti Om".
As of February 2008, "Jab We Met" has made a net business of over , and has emerged as one of the biggest hits of the year. On 30 January 2008, it was announced that to celebrate the success of its 100 days run at the box office, PVR Cinemas in Delhi would have a special screening of the film on Valentine's Day.
Meanwhile, "Jab We Met" also opened well overseas especially in the U.K., where it was released a day before its worldwide release of 26 October. Debuting at number 10 in the U.K., the film grossed £11,488 on its previews night and £144,525 on its opening weekend, collecting a total of £156,013 from 31 screens. The film continued to do strong business and garnered excellent collections during its second week, making a two-week total of £325,996. Over the next five weeks, "Jab We Met" collected a total of £ 43,529 from 54 screens and made a grand total of £424,681.
Reviews.
Upon release, the film opened to positive reviews. Critics praised the film for its simplicity, its romance, saying that it was "one of the finest romantic films to come out of Bollywood in 2007". The film's direction and performances were particularly appreciated. Taran Adarsh from "indiaFM" gave the film a 3.5 out of 5 rating saying it is "as refreshing as an ice-cold watermelon juice in scorching heat." Subhash K. Jha wrote, "..."Jab We Met" is the kind of cinematic experience that is hard to come by in this day and age of smoky cynicism and borrowed rage." Rajeev Masand from "CNN-IBN", who gave the film 3 stars out of 5, described it as "a film bursting with the kind of lovely little moments that'll bring a smile to your face. Khaled Mohamed, of the Hindustan Times, gave the film 3 out of 5 stars, saying the film, "is quite a delight, particularly for its the chirpy-chirpy-cheep-cheep girl and the retentive, moan-groan boy. Directed with a flair for garnishing even the most abject of circumstances with humour and irony, here’s a feel-cool movie. Wonderful.
Most critics agreed that the main highlight of the film was the leading pair and Shahid and Kareena's chemistry. Rajeev Masand further explained, "The real magic of this film lies in the performances of its two main leads who seize your attention from the moment they first appear on screen." Taran Adarsh commented, "Shahid delivers his career-best performance in "Jab We Met"... Kareena is in top form as well. "Jab We Met" is a turning point in her career as well as professionally. Fantabulous -- that's the right word to describe her work this time. The confidence with which she handles the contrasting characterization speaks volumes. This film should do for her what "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998) did for Kajol." Subhash K. Jha approved the chemistry as well, "...there are sparks...and the ones between Kareena and Shahid are so unselfconsciously genuine that you end up looking at the characters rather than the two actors going through a series of brilliantly conceived and energized incidents..." "The Times of India" gave the film 4 out of 5 stars concluding, "The film belongs to Shahid and Kareena who pitch in memorable performances and lend a whole new meaning to the boy-meets-girl story." Moviestalkies.com gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and described the movie as "a wonderful film in spite of the fact that its basic premise is extremely simple and has been witnessed several times in the past; in fact there isn’t a single unexpected twist in the tale. However, it is Imtiaz Ali’s treatment and the performances of Shahid Kapoor (undoubtedly his best performance till date) and Kareena Kapoor that transforms this simple script into a romantic film which falls into a class of films like Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak and Kuch Kuch Hota Hai." Joginder Tuteja from "indiaglitz.com" gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars, described it as "Shahid-Kareena's "DDLJ"", and concluded that "...it would be a pain if any of the two actors do not get awarded and rewarded for their performances..."
Reviews were favourably directed towards the director, Imtiaz Ali, as well. "Indiatimes" wrote, "After his much appreciated "Socha Na Tha" (2004), Imtiaz goes bigger and better and the result is nothing but flying colours" while "Bollyvista.com" noted, "The plot of the film has been done quite a few times before in India, as well as internationally. What sets it apart is the excellent writing and direction by Imtiaz Ali." Movietalkies.com went on to say, "Jab We Met is one of those rare films which is not lifted by its screenplay at all. It is only Imtiaz’s vision of making a simple love story with a breath of fresh air, his ability to repackage something we have witnessed several times before and make it feel new that saves the screenplay. It has been a while since we have seen a fresh love story and we should thank Imtiaz for reminding us that sometimes it not what you say but how well you say it."
Legacy.
"Jab We Met" remains one of the most popular romantic films in Bollywood. The film helped bring Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor's acting careers to a whole new level. The couple was named onto Bollywood Hungama's list of the top 10 best romantic couples of the decade. According to Hindi Film News, Shahid Kapoor's performance as Aditya Kashyap is ranked number 2 for the finest performance by a Bollywood actor for the decade. Hindi Film News ranked the scene where Aditya and Geet part ways as number 5 in the critic's top ten and number 3 in the popular top ten for the most romantic Bollywood scene of the decade. The film was also ranked by the same source at number two for the best Bollywood movie of the decade. It was behind only Kaminey, another film that Shahid Kapoor had acted in, but ranked ahead of other popular Bollywood movies like 3 Idiots, Lagaan, and Swades. Yahoo! Movies India listed the film as one of the Bollywood's top 10 most romantic movies.
Kareena Kapoor, who had before enjoyed only some success in her previous films, had catapulted herself to becoming one of Bollywood's superstars. Her character, Geet Dhillon, has become one of the most popular and recognizable heroines in Bollywood. She later went on to say about her role, "To play a character like 'Geet' doesn't happen all the time; it just happens. When you begin working on a film, you of course know about the story and your character. However, no one knows how audiences would eventually react to it. 'Geet' did strike a chord with the audiences and became a household name." Kareena Kapoor, for her performance, was ranked at number 66 in Filmfare Magazine's 80 Iconic Bollywood Performances list. According to Hindi Film News, she was number 5 in the critic's top ten and number 4 in the popular top ten for the finest performance by a Bollywood actress for the decade. She was also named by Rediff as one of Bollywood's most beloved characters.
DVD and soundtrack.
DVD.
On 7 December 2007, the film was officially released on DVD in the U.S., U.K., UAE and other international markets. A single disc collector's item in an enclosed box, the DVD contained English, Portuguese, Arabic & Spanish subtitles.
In India, "Jab We Met"'s DVD was released on 29 January in a single as well as an exclusive twin DVD pack with a price of under Rs. 50. While the film's duration is 138 minutes, the additional DVD in a twin pack also has 20 minutes of special features of the film's making. "IndiaFM" gave the DVD 4 out of 5 stars and noted, ""Jab We Met" is a must buy; there are absolutely no second thoughts around it. Numerous films came and went after the release of "Jab We Met" and the only ones which managed to make any impression were "Om Shanti Om", "Welcome" and "Taare Zameen Par". Now doesn't this explain the great run of this Imtiaz Ali film...at the box office?"
Soundtrack.
Composed by music director, Pritam Chakraborty with lyrics by Irshad Kamil, the film's soundtrack was released on 21 September 2007 by lead actress, Kareena Kapoor on the musical show "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007". Joginder Tuteja from "IndiaFM" gave the music 3.5 out of 5 stars saying, "In 2007, Pritam may have been come up with good music in number of films [...] But if there is one album that impresses most after "Life in a... Metro" and turns out to be most satisfying experience, it is "Jab We Met". The album is a perfect example of how to get a quality soundtrack which mixes songs for different segments of audience." Movietalkies.com rated the album 4 out of 5 stars, describing the album as "certainly one of the better albums that have come out this year ... Pritam has shown a depth and width of imagination in the manner in which he has used so many different genres and mixed them together to create a fascinating journey of music."
The film's soundtrack debuted at number 8 and later jumped up to number 5 during its second week. Over the next several weeks, the album steadily began climbing up the music charts and saw the album sales increase after the film's release. During the week of 19 November the album replaced the soundtrack of "Om Shanti Om" and moved up to number 1 but fell back to number 2 the following week. Despite competition from the release of newer soundtracks, the album stayed at the top for over nine weeks and became one of the most successful albums of 2007.
"Jab We Met"'s soundtrack was featured on Rediff's and IndiaFM's year-end list of "2007's Top 10 Music Albums". The song, Tum Se Hi, was voted by Hindi Film News as the most romantic Bollywood song and was voted in at number 7 as the best Bollywood song of the decade.
Awards and nominations.
Below is a complete list showing the awards and nominations "Jab We Met" received:

</doc>
<doc id="9803766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803766" title="Midwest City High School">
Midwest City High School

Midwest City High School is one of the two high schools in Midwest City, Oklahoma. Part of the Mid-Del School District, the school serves more than 1,600 students.
History.
On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. With the growth of Tinker Field, Midwest City increased as well. More families meant higher school enrollment. Children had to travel to Oklahoma City to attend school above the eighth grade. To meet the crisis, the Sooner School Board agreed to an expansion of the school system by April 1943; members of the Sooner School Board were: Tom Townsend, Furman L. Fox, Cecil Fish, and Oscar Rose, Superintendent of Sooner School District No. 52.
In May 1943, Rose organized for the upcoming school year. The high school was held and J.E. Sutton was hired June 1943 to be the first principal of the high school. In August 1943, the school plan was organized but there was no school building. Even though the building was not finished, it had 17 teachers and 413 students on the first day and over one thousand students to enroll during the school year. Furniture was borrowed from Draughon's Business College; half day sessions were in operation for the lower grades. Mr. Rose borrowed an old school bus from Bearden, Oklahoma, the school district he came from. There was no heat, and students had to wear their coats in class during the winter. Later people loaned stoves to the school.
The first night in April 1944, a wind hit the campus (several military huts for buildings), turning some buildings at a forty-five degree angle and it demolished the entire English room. Buildings were left where the wind pushed them, foundations were put back and the school continued. During the school year, a new brick building had been under construction next door to the collection of huts and was ready for occupancy by Spring. Students moved to the new building on April 6, 1946; it was later dedicated in May
There were fourteen students in that first senior class. Despite the weather, cold, mud, and wind storm, the hutment (collection of huts) served its purpose. This was the beginning of three great high schools: Midwest City High School, Carl Albert High School, and Del City High School.
During much of the first chapter of MCHS's existence, it resided on McArthur Drive near Rose Field. At this location, the school grew very quickly and even survived an airplane crash as a small, single-engine fighter from Tinker crashed into the school late one evening. The damaged portion was later rebuilt. Shortly thereafter (late 1950s), MCHS moved to its current location. The old MCHS is still in use today as Jarman Middle School.
After several years at the current site, the school was found to be inadequate for the growing population and was almost completely torn down. This allowed for the construction of several new wings. The new building no longer faced Elm, but instead faced Maple (the school maintains its previous address at 213 Elm). In 1957, the auditorium was completed. In 1969, the new band hall was constructed. During the mid-1970s there was a fire in the auditorium that caused significant damage, but the building was repaired. During the 1970s, the Fieldhouse was also constructed. Later more wings were added to accommodate a larger student population. In 1978, there was a flood in the band room that caused damage to much of the music library.
In the mid-1990s, the entire school's facade was given a facelift as most of the brick was covered with stucco and painted. At that time, the auditorium was remodeled yet again to create "the premier performance hall in eastern Oklahoma County". At this time, the administration building was also relocated to the MCHS grounds, facing 15th street.
During the Winter Break of the 1998-99 school year, a flood inside the auditorium caused significant damage to the electronic equipment. These problems were patched, but were not correctly repaired until the summer of 2006 when the electronic equipment was replaced with top-level equipment.
In the 2007-08 school year, freshmen were moved into the high schools. To accommodate the students, another wing was added to the building. The building currently has five wings, as well as several disconnected facilities (such as the band room, fieldhouse, locker rooms, etc.).
During the summer of 2009, a strong windstorm tore parts of the roof off the commons area of the high school. This allowed rain to flood the commons and library.
Extracurricular activities.
Band.
The MCHS Bomber Band has spanned the time from the inception of MCHS. Throughout the years, the MCHS Band has earned countless awards, plaques, and trophies. While the band has varied in size from year to year, its enthusiasm and support for the school has never diminished. The students are as motivated and energetic as ever. The band has been named State Champs during the concert season in the past during the time at which a state champion was named. Between the Marching Band, Wind Ensemble, and Jazz Band, the MCHS Band has earned more than 100 "Superior" awards as well as many "Sweepstakes" awards. The Jazz Band was also consistently in the top 3 while directed by Bill Pearson and Belinda Miller.
The band moved into its current band hall during the 1970s. It is the same structure as located at Del City High School. An ongoing remodeling project recently replaced light fixtures, tiling, and carpeting throughout the band hall. Before moving to its current facility, the band squeezed more than 120 students into a "much" smaller facility that resembled a temporary structure more than anything. The band room doubled in size for the 2011-2012 school year after a bond issue paid for a large addition which included a second large rehearsal hall.
Athletics.
Baseball.
Head Coach: Jay Vermillion 
Assistant Coach: Jason Blasingame
Spring Ball State Champs
5A 1988
Basketball.
Girl's Basketball 
6A State Champs 2010
Boys basketball 
Head Coach: Dewayne Bradley 
6A State Champs 1998, 2000, 2001, 2007
Wrestling.
Midwest City Bomber Wrestling is known throughout the state and across the nation. It alone holds one of the nations top high school wrestling traditions to this date.
National Champions
1981, 1990, 1991
Team State Championships
1971, 1972, 1974, 1976, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1986, 1987, 1990, 1991, 1995, 2007, 2008
Dual State Championships
1990, 1991, 1995, 2001, 2006
The Bomber wrestling program also consists of over 90 individual state champions and an impressive 59 Oklahoma High School wrestling All-State athletes.
Head Coach: Cory Wilson
Asst. Coach:Dustin Wood, Kevin Cross, & Bob Toma
Track and field.
Boys Team State Champs
2A 1965
5A 1998
6A 2006, 2007
Girls Team State Champs
6A 1999, 2000, 2008
Football.
In the early 1940s, Midwest City was a city on the rise. With the development of Tinker Air Force Base, Midwest City was making a name for itself. It was growing so fast that the city leaders decided that it was time to develop a high school for the city and neighboring students. One late night, as a plane was taking off from Tinker Air Base, the plane crashed and killed all twelve people on board. The plane crashed into a field not far from the air base. A few years later, the school district decided to build Midwest City’s football stadium there. To this day, the “Ghost of Rose Field” haunts the stadium at night and is said to be one of the many reasons Jim Darnell Stadium is one of the hardest places to play in the state of Oklahoma. This all began in 1945 under Midwest City’s first official coach Fred Barlow.
The Midwest City football program consists of a tradition that is second to none. It includes over 90 All-Staters, five state championships, thirteen state championship appearances, and 45 consecutive winning seasons. In addition, the MCHS football team was named as the first undefeated 6A football national champion.
At Midwest City High, it's often stated: "Winning, it's not pressure, it's a way of life". Some call it tradition and some call it spirit, but the Midwest City community calls it "Bomber Magic".
COACH JIM DARNELL
Since its first season under coach Fred Barlow in 1945, Midwest City has had only 11 coaches in over 60 years. From 1955-1977 legendary coach Jim Darnell led the football program. Coach Jim Darnell grew up in Chickasha and graduated from Chickasha High in 1947, where he played football, basketball and track. He attended Cameron College, graduating from Central State College in 1952. He graduated from the University of Oklahoma in 1956, with a master’s in secondary administration. He began his coaching and teaching career at Altus High School. In 1953, he became Midwest City High School’s assistant football coach and teacher. Within two years, he became the head coach and athletic director. As the head coach for the Bombers he compiled a record of 186 wins, 50 losses and 10 ties. His teams won nine conference championships, eight district titles, a state championship in 1960 and three state second-place finishes in 1967, 1969 and 1971. He never had a losing season. He was named Coach of the Year, Mid-Land Conference in 1955; Head Coach of the Oil Bowl, 1960; Coach of the Year, Mid-State Conference in 1964; Head Coach, South All-State Game, 1967; Oklahoma Coaches, Coach of the Year, 1970; Outstanding Educator of America, 1974; National District Athletic Director of the Year, 1975; Oklahoma Coaches Association Hall of Fame inductee, 1978; MCHS Wall of Fame inductee, 1995; Oklahoma Chapter National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame, Contribution to Amateur Football Award, 1996; and Chickasha High School Hall of Fame inductee, 2004. In 2001, the Midwest City stadium was named “Jim Darnell Stadium” at Rose Field. He is recognized as a coaching legend in the State of Oklahoma High School football community.
COACH DICK EVANS
After taking over the Bomber Football program in late 1977, Dick Evans knew that he had heavy shoes to fill and tradition to build on. As a former player and all stater for Coach Darnell, Evans pride and joy was on Friday nights during the fall. Under his command, Coach had many All Americans including two brothers in Mike and Cale Gundy. In 1985, Coach Evans and former Bomber quarterback Mike Gundy played all the way to the state championship against powerhouse Muskogee. The Bombers were losing to the Roughers from up north with less than a minute to play. Though, with Mike Gundy, who went on to play for Pat Jones and the Cowboys of Oklahoma State, leading the way, the Bombers claimed victory going almost 100 yards in 45 seconds to win the 1985 State Championship. His 1988 campaign with the Bombers may best be remembered as the Cinderella story of high school football. The bombers were led by standout quarterback Cale Gundy, who went on to play at the University of Oklahoma, who entered the playoffs with a 6-4 record. As Mike did, Cale led his team to a 9-4 record and the 1988 State Championship with three huge playoff upset victories- pronouncing that Bomber Magic continues. At the end of the 1991 season, Coach Evans retired his coaching record with the Bombers. In 13 years, Coach Evans only lost 33 times with over 133 victories at hand. Evans left the program-inspiring many lives of both young men and women.
COACH DENNIS HUGGINS
In the middle of the 91 school year, board members decided to name Bomber assistant coach Dennis Huggins the new Sheriff in town. For Huggins things started off slow but continued to build on what Evans left for the program. Soon the Bombers were the ones being-hunted. During the 1994 season Huggins led the Bombers to the state's first ever 6A Championship. They accomplished that while at the same time having an undefeated season. By virtue of their finishing 14-0 ESPN pronounced the Midwest City Bombers the 5th best high school football program in the nation. The following year they repeated as State Champs defeating Blankenship and the Tulsa Union Redskins. Soon, both coach Huggins and the Bombers of Midwest City were facing national exposure in the so-called new fad-the national high school football championship. After their dominating performance in 1995, polls were ready to give the Bombers a national number one ranking and the Mythical high school national championship. At the end ESPN claimed the Bombers at number two in the nation while others had them at one. Huggins soon retired from all coaching in the early spring of 1996. All in all, Coach Huggins left Midwest City Football in style and a place known as a tradition of winning.
COACH STEVE HUFF
In 2006, the Midwest City Bombers were looking for its new leader. The past three seasons, the Bombers finished with an 18-12 record with no playoff berth. The coaching search went national and Midwest City soon found their coach in Steve Huff. Coach Huff made and immediate impression by bringing the Bombers back in the state playoffs after a four-year drought. In his second season, Coach Huff led the Bombers to a 12-1 record, their first district championship in 6 years and a top 50 national ranking. During his time as the Bombers lead man, Coach Huff produced, five straight district titles, four conference championships, two state semi final appearances, and had an outstanding record of 61 wins and 11 loses, five loses which came in his first season. Coach Huffs aggressive, hard working, offseason training put the Bombers back as one of the most feared teams in Class 6A Oklahoma Football. Coach Huff resigned early 2012 as head coach, moving back to Texas. His time was short but the impact he left will never be forgotten with a legacy that defines excellence.
Midwest City vs. Del City.
Every year, Midwest City plays Del City in the Sooner Road rivalry during "Beat Del City Week." Although Del City won the first meeting between these football powers, Midwest City has largely dominated the series since its inception in the 1950s. On September 1, 2007, Midwest City played at Del City, continuing the winning streak against their bitter rivals, defeating the Eagles 34-14 in front of a nearly sold out crowd. With the win, Midwest City recorded its 501st win in team history. In 2009, Del City finally broke the 7 year losing streak, beating the Bombers for the first time since 2002 by a score of 27-15. The last time the two teams met in the playoffs, Del City prevailed. In 2012 the Midwest City vs. Del City game will be held in week three for the first time in over twenty years. Midwest City has played Del City every year since 1972 and the Bombers currently leads the series 32-15-2.
2010 Field Turf.
Early in 2009, the Midwest City-Del City School Board held a bond to detail and build a new turf field for Midwest City High School. The bond issue passed with a 79% approval rating. The field will be open for the 2010 football season.
Air Force JROTC.
Midwest City High School's Air Force Jrotc unit started in 1993, giving it the unit number OK931. The honor guard (Normally known as color guard. however, the name was taken by the flag girls) present the colors at most of the football and basketball games, along with other events, such as a New Orleans Hornets game during their relocation to Oklahoma City.
The current SASI is retired Lt.Col. Mike Penning, he replaced retired Col. Cross. The current ASI is retired Chief Master Sergeant Tim Egan.
DECA.
MCHS has a very successful chapter of DECA, the high school marketing organization headed up by advisor Dawn Boland. The chapter is always well represented at state competition and has produced two state officers in the last 5 years. The chapter also operates the popular student store and sells Otis Spunkmeyer cookies as a fundraiser.

</doc>
<doc id="9803771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803771" title="South Homer Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
South Homer Township, Champaign County, Illinois

South Homer Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,601 and it contained 681 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.94%) is land and (or 1.06%) is water. The Salt Fork of the Vermilion River winds its way through the north west section of the township. The confluence of lies in a farm field, in section 19 of the township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains two cemeteries: Homer Grand Army of the Republic and Lost Grove.

</doc>
<doc id="9803777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803777" title="René Ménil">
René Ménil

René Ménil (1907–2004) was a French surrealist writer and philosopher who lived on the island of Martinique.
Born and raised on the island of Martinique, Ménil was one of several of the island's natives who studied in France and returned to influence the independence movement with the ideas of Marxism, and Surrealism. He also began the "Antillanité" movement. 
In the early 1940s Ménil started a journal called "Tropiques" along with other notable Martinique writers such as Aimé Césaire. The publication spoke very strongly against French colonialism in its essays. To avoid retaliation from their powerful critics, they portrayed the magazine as a journal of West Indian folklore.
A professor and writer throughout his life, in 1981 Ménil published a book of essays entitled "Tracées" (ISBN 978-22-2100-633-7).

</doc>
<doc id="9803782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803782" title="CsUnit">
CsUnit

csUnit is a unit testing framework for the .NET Framework. It is designed to work with any .NET compliant language. It has specifically been tested with C#, Visual Basic .NET, Managed C++, and J#. csUnit is open source and comes with a flexible license that allows cost-free inclusion in commercial closed-source products as well.
csUnit follows the concepts of other unit testing frameworks in the xUnit family and has had several releases since 2002. The tool offers a native GUI application, a command line, and addins for Visual Studio 2005 and Visual Studio 2008.
Starting with version 2.4 it also supports execution of NUnit tests without recompiling. This feature works for NUnit 2.4.7 (.NET 2.0 version).
csUnit supports .NET 3.5 and earlier versions, but does not support .NET 4.
csUnit has been integrated with ReSharper.
Special features.
Along with the standard features, csUnit offers abilities that are uncommon in other unit testing frameworks for .NET:

</doc>
<doc id="9803788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803788" title="La Tuque railway station">
La Tuque railway station

La Tuque railway station is a staffed Via Rail station located on Rue St-Louis in La Tuque, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9803802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803802" title="Mornington Island Airport">
Mornington Island Airport

Mornington Island Airport is an airport on Mornington Island, Queensland, Australia. In 2006 the airport received $200,853 in funds to improve security.

</doc>
<doc id="9803805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803805" title="St. Joseph Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
St. Joseph Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Saint Joseph Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 5,876 and it contained 2,252 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.59%) is land and (or 0.41%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9803821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803821" title="Fitzpatrick railway station">
Fitzpatrick railway station

Fitzpatrick railway station is a Via Rail request stop, indicated only by a signpost, in the village of Fitzpatrick, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9803825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803825" title="The Four Horsemen (album)">
The Four Horsemen (album)

The Four Horsemen is the third studio album by Ultramagnetic MC's. Godfather Don, who produced tracks 2, 4, 5, and 8, helped to incorporate a darker, jazzier sound than the group's previous work. "Checkin' My Style" and "See the Man on the Street" were originally recorded in 1992 during Godfather Don-produced sessions for a projected solo album for Kool Keith's alias Rhythm X. Those same sessions also produced songs released on "Cenobites LP", the CD edition of which contains the original extended version of "Checkin' My Style," retitled "Return To Zero." "The Four Horsemen" includes recurring science fiction and baseball themes and was viewed by fans as a welcome return to the group's hardcore roots. Because of a manufacturing error, the current Fontana Distribution pressing is identified as the U.M.C.'s on the covering sticker under the shrink wrap.
Samples.
Two Brothers With Checks (San Francisco, Harvey)
Raise It Up
Saga of Dandy, the Devil & Day
Delta Force II
See the Man on the Street
Bring It Down to Earth
One Two, One Two
Yo Black

</doc>
<doc id="9803846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803846" title="Dalaki">
Dalaki

Dalaki (; also Romanized as Dālakī; also known as Daliki) is a city in the Central District of Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,861, in 1,637 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="9803848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803848" title="Korea National University of Education">
Korea National University of Education

Korea National University of Education (Acronym: KNUE; Korean, , "Hanguk Kyowon Daehakgyo", colloquially "Kyowondae") is a South Korean national university which is dedicated to teacher training and educational research based on Proclamation of Korea National University of Education Act. Established in 1984, it is the only university in South Korea that collectively prepares kindergarten, primary school, and secondary school teachers. Also, it is widely regarded as the top South Korean university in the field of education.
Characteristics.
As the most prestigious national university for teacher training and educational research, KNUE collectively prepares kindergarten, primary school, and secondary school teachers. It also provides continuous teacher education and conducts comprehensive educational research.

</doc>
<doc id="9803857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803857" title="Amara Simba">
Amara Simba

Amara Simba (born 23 December 1961), Dakar, Senegal is a retired French football player. During his career he played for Paris SG, AS Cannes, AS Monaco, SM Caen and Lille OSC in France, Club Leon in Mexico and Leyton Orient, Kingstonian, Kettering Town, Barnet, St. Albans City and Billericay in England. He was also selected to play for the French national team on three occasions by then manager Michel Platini in which he scored one goal, but injury prevented his participation in Euro 92 and his international career came to an end.
Trivia.
Simba's move to Leyton Orient came about as a result of training with the club in order to keep fit whilst on holiday in London. Was awarded most beautiful goal of the French Ligue 1 in 1992-1993 for a bicycle kick when he received the ball, controlled it with his chest and finished it off with a bicycle kick.

</doc>
<doc id="9803865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803865" title="DeVeren Bookwalter">
DeVeren Bookwalter

DeVeren Bookwalter (September 8, 1939  – July 23, 1987) was a theatre actor and director who became the first person to win three Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards for his production, direction and performance in "Cyrano de Bergerac" at the Globe Playhouse in 1975.
Bookwalter served as a member of the board of trustees of the Society of Stage Directors and Choreographers, a member of the Actors' Equity Association, the Screen Actors Guild and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
Biography.
Career.
Bookwalter appeared in many roles at the Globe in Los Angeles, notably as Feste in "Twelfth Night", Cyrano in "Cyrano de Bergerac", "Hamlet", and "Richard III" in 1976 as well as video productions of Shakespeare's "Richard II" and "Othello". He performed at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego in the 1978 National Shakespeare Festival, in the title role in "Henry V" as well as in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and "The Winter's Tale". His film appearances include Andy Warhol's "Blow Job" (1964), "The Omega Man" (1971), "The Enforcer" as Bobby Maxwell, and the TV movie "Evita Perón" (1981) co-starring Faye Dunaway, as well as numerous appearances on the soap operas "Ryan's Hope" and "Another World".
Death.
Bookwalter died on July 23, 1987 of stomach cancer at St. Vincent's Hospital in New York City, leaving behind his wife, actress Ruth Kidder and his son, County Wilder Bookwalter.

</doc>
<doc id="9803867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803867" title="Stanton Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Stanton Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Stanton Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 505 and it contained 202 housing units.
History.
Stanton Township formed from a portion of St. Joseph Township on an unknown date. The first settler in the township was called Samuel McClughen, who came from Ohio in 1834.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.17%) is water. The stream of Spoon River runs through this township.
Cemeteries.
Cemeteries in Stanton Township include: Huls Cemetery South (also known as Stanton Friends or Friends Church)[http://maps.google.com/maps?q=40.17612%20-88.06785].

</doc>
<doc id="9803873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803873" title="Brit HaBirionim">
Brit HaBirionim

Brit HaBirionim (Hebrew: ברית הבריונים, "The Strongmen Alliance") was a clandestine, self-declared fascist faction of the Revisionist Zionist Movement (ZRM) in Palestine, active between 1930 and 1933. It was founded by the trio of Abba Ahimeir, Uri Zvi Greenberg and Dr. Joshua Yeivin.
Background.
The 1929 Arab riots and the Haganah's inability to successfully prevent the 1929 Hebron massacre and the Safed massacre led to the creation of the first militant organization characterized by its complete disassociation from the existing Zionist establishment dominated by the Labor Zionist movement.
Ideology.
The organization's official ideology, was Revisionist Maximalism which was modeled upon Italian Fascism. It sought to create a fascist corporatist state. It is also influenced by the Canaanite ideology of Yonatan Ratosh and the theories of Oswald Spengler in "The Decline of the West" (1918). It called for the Zionist Revisionist Movement (ZRM) to adopt the fascist principles of the regime of Benito Mussolini in Italy to create an integralist "pure nationalism" amongst Jews. Revisionist Maximalism rejects communism, humanism, internationalism, liberalism, pacifism and socialism; condemned liberal Zionists for only working for middle-class Jews rather than the Jewish nation as a whole. Revisionist Maximalism's minimal goals were presented in 1932 where Ahimeir officially called for the leadership of the Zionist Revisionist Movement to be redesigned into the form of a dictatorship, called for the creation of an independent Zionist federation, called for a "war on funds" to end corruption in the Zionist movement, and called for a war on anti-Semitism. The movement's psychology was emphasized in its motto of "conquer or die".
Activities.
Members of "Brit HaBirionim" carried out several operations, including demonstrations against visiting British dignitaries, rallies against the British arrest and deportation to Europe of Jewish refugees who overstayed their tourist visas, attempts to interrupt a census conducted by the British, and other illegal activities intended as public provocations such as blowing the Shofar at the Western Wall (forbidden to Jews at that time), and removing the Nazi flags from two German consulates.
In 1933, the British Mandatory Authority arrested several members, including Ahimeir, and charged them with the murder of Chaim Arlosoroff. Though acquitted of the charges in 1934, the trial tarnished the group's reputation and led to its isolation by former political supporters among the Jewish populace, and eventually to its demise.

</doc>
<doc id="9803880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803880" title="Parent railway station">
Parent railway station

Parent railway station is a staffed Via Rail station located on rue Commerciale in the Parent community of La Tuque, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9803893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803893" title="Tolono Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Tolono Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Tolono Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 5,270 and it contained 2,300 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water. The stream of Page Run runs through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains eight cemeteries: Bailey Memorial, Barnett, Bartley, Battershell, Beckman, Prairieview, Saint Marys and Saint Patrick.

</doc>
<doc id="9803901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803901" title="Manitoba Nurses' Union">
Manitoba Nurses' Union

The Manitoba Nurses' Union is a labour organization representing registered nurses, licensed practical nurses, registered psychiatric nurses, and operating room technicians in Manitoba, Canada. It is affiliated with the Canadian Labour Congress, Canadian Federation of Nurses Unions and the Manitoba Council of Health Care Unions.

</doc>
<doc id="9803902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803902" title="KVOI">
KVOI

KVOI is a commercial radio station located in Tucson, Arizona, broadcasting to the Tucson, Arizona area on 1030 AM. KVOI airs news/talk programming. Previously, the station broadcast at 690 kHz until a 2009 frequency swap with KCEE. 
Programs on KVOI include: Dennis Miller, Dennis Prager, Wake Up Tucson, Bill Buckmaster, John C. Scott, Mike Huckabee, Herman Cain, Michael Savage, Michael Medved, and Hugh Hewitt.
History.
The station went on the air as KEVT on March 7, 1990. On January 11, 2007, the station changed its call sign to KCEE. On July 1, 2009, the station swapped formats and call signs with 690 AM in Tucson, becoming KVOI.

</doc>
<doc id="9803921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803921" title="Urbana Township, Champaign County, Illinois">
Urbana Township, Champaign County, Illinois

Urbana Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 7,451 and it contained 3,435 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.83%) is land and (or 0.17%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains two cemeteries: Lincoln and Woodlawn.

</doc>
<doc id="9803931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803931" title="Harbinger (band)">
Harbinger (band)

Harbinger is a band formed in 1997 in Berkeley, California featuring three prominent members from the East Bay punk scene:
Harbinger has performed at Geekfest and numerous other venues.
In 2005 they released a 10-song LP on Riisk entitled Challenging The Prevailing Judeo-Christian Doomsday Mentality. The songs were recorded by Kevin Army in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9803932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803932" title="Sadegh Tirafkan">
Sadegh Tirafkan

Sadegh Tirafkan (born July 3,1965 in Karbala, Iraq to Iranian parents, died in Toronto, Canada on May 9, 2013 of brain cancer) was an Iranian contemporary artist who lived mainly in Tehran, Iran.
Tirafkan was six years of age his family fled the country before the start of the Islamic revolution. His family returned to Tehran where he grew up. As a young man, Tirafkan fought in the eight-year long Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s as a Basiji or conscripted soldier. The artist works is characterised by a strong emphasis on the intrinsic role of the male in traditional Iranian society.
Tirafkan employs different media in his work: photography, video installation, and collage. He graduated from Tehran University with a degree in Photography in 1989 and has participated in numerous solo and group exhibitions worldwide.
Tirafkan's work includes "Manhood", which deals with the perception of masculinity in Persian culture. Other projects such as "Persepolis", "Ashoura", "Secret of Words", "Iranian Man", "Whispers of the East", "The Loss of Our Identity", "Multitude" and "Devotion" deal with Iranian history, identity, sociopolitical, religious and gender issues.
His works are in the collections of several museums including the Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art, British Museum, Brooklyn Museum and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="9803939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803939" title="Clova railway station">
Clova railway station

Clova railway station is an unmanned Via Rail station located at 5 rue Latagne in Clova, Quebec, Canada. It was designated a Heritage Railway Station in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9803941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803941" title="Messerschmitt Bf 109TL">
Messerschmitt Bf 109TL

The Messerschmitt 109TL "Turbo-Lader Strahltriebwerk" ("turbocharger jet engine") was a turbojet fighter designed in 1943 by the Messerschmitt company for the "Luftwaffe" during World War Two.
It was an alternative twin-jet design proposed as a backup for the Me 262.
Development.
It was first proposed on 22 January 1943 at an RLM conference; at the time only three prototypes of the Me 262 had been completed. The Bf 109TL would be a backup if the Me 262 did not come to production or as a second fighter to operate alongside the Me 262.
In order to reduce development time, various components from previous aircraft were to be used. The fuselage was to come from the Bf 109H/BV 155B high-altitude fighter (with a new nose and tail section), the wing was from the Me 409 project and the tricycle undercarriage came from the Me 309. The powerplant would be the same Junkers Jumo 004B-1 turbojet (900 kgf thrust) or BMW 003A (800 kgf).
The basic armament was to be two 20 mm MG 151/20 cannons (with 120 rpg) and two MK 103 cannons mounted in the nose. An additional proposal was two 30 mm (1.18 in) MK 108 cannons to be installed in the wing roots. The pilot cockpit used in the prototypes was the same as utilized in the Bf 109E/G types.
The performance was estimated to be possibly better than the Me 262 due to the Bf 109TL's narrower fuselage, a product of the design for a high-speed high-altitude fighter. The Bf 109TL received intensive research. By March 1943, it was decided that many other modifications to components would be needed and the project was abandoned in order to concentrate on the Me 262 project.

</doc>
<doc id="9803943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9803943" title="WIOI">
WIOI

WIOI (1010 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Standards/MOR format. Licensed to New Boston, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Maillet Media, Inc. and features programing from Jones Radio Network.
History.
WIOI is best known for being the Top 40 station in Portsmouth during the 1960s and 1970s, when Chuck Maillet was the owner. Since then it changed hands a few times until 1996 when Chip Maillet, owner of Maillet Media, bought the station back from its previous owner. When Maillet Media bought the station it had an all talk radio format. In December 2000 the format was changed to "Music of Your Life", a Jones Radio Networks format. The community responded positively, especially from the folks age 50 plus.
In early 2008, Jones Radio Networks stopped carrying the Music of Your Life network via satellite and debuted Jones Standards, its own similar format. WIOI opted to continue airing Music of Your Life, which is now distributed via satellite by Planet Halo, Inc.
Personalities.
There was a long line of "jocks" and newsfolk who went on to larger markets and even some fame in Communications. Among them Phil Phillips (aka Phil Nye, who went on to become an ABC Television News Vice President in Charge of O & O news operations as well as News Director at four of the five of ABC's O & O stations.(WABC, WXYZ, KGO, KABC ), Phil Hayes, who has been a news director at television stations in many cities including Detroit and Erie, Pa, Al Volker who went on to produce, executive produce and news direct for 51 years. Dave Craig who took his D.C. morning radio program on the road in many cities after his stint at WIOI.
Other programming.
WIOI is also the local affiliate for the Cincinnati Bengals, and have live Sunday church programming from 7:45am to 11:30am.

</doc>
<doc id="9804000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804000" title="David Bradford House">
David Bradford House

David Bradford House, in Washington, Pennsylvania was the home of David Bradford, a leader of the Whiskey Rebellion. It has both architectural and historic importance.
History.
The house was built by David Bradford, a successful lawyer and deputy attorney-general for Washington County, Pennsylvania who would later become a leader in the Whiskey Rebellion. It was the first stone house on South Main Street in Washington, Pennsylvania in 1788, which, by frontier standards, ranked as a mansion. The two-story building was built in the Georgian style, with dressed stone four-bay windows. The house has side hall entry with a fanlight transom. The stairway was solid mahogany; the mantel-pieces and other interior furnishings, imported from Philadelphia, were transported across the Alleghenies at considerable expense. While restoring the house a secret underground passage was discovered leading to a nearby ravine. This tunnel was presumably used as an escape route in the event of an attack on the house.
Bradford and his family occupied the house only for 6 years, until 1794, when he fled following the Whiskey Rebellion.
By the 1930s, the building was in such disrepair that Charles Morse Stotz did not include the building in his "The Early Architecture of Western Pennsylvania." However, by the book's 2nd printing in 1966, Stotz himself has led the rehabilitation. Among other extensive modifications, a storefront had added to the house.
In 1953, the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission installed a historical marker noting the historic importance of the building. In 1959, the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission assumed control of the house and supervised restoration of its eighteenth-century design. They installed furnishings of that that time in Pennsylvania that they felt reflected Bradford's place in society. A management agreement was signed in 1982, turning the management of the Bradford House over to the Bradford House Historical Association. The museum is open from early May through mid December, giving group tours and hosting other special events.
The home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1983. It is also designated as a historic public landmark by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="9804045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804045" title="Sharn (Forgotten Realms)">
Sharn (Forgotten Realms)

The sharn are fictitious creatures in the "Forgotten Realms" campaign setting of "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. They are central to the plot of the fantasy novel "Blackstaff" by Steven E. Schend and are best known as those responsible for imprisoning the malevolent phaerimm. Within the context of the game setting, the sharn are also called by the lesser known names shiftshades, blackclaws, simmershadows, skulkingdeaths, and "fhaorn’quessir", which is Elvish for “changed/altered/transformed people.”
Publication history.
The sharn have appeared in various Forgotten Realms supplements since first appearing in AD&D's second edition, and were central to the plot of the fantasy novel "Blackstaff" by Steven E. Schend.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition (1989-1999).
The sharn were introduced to the Forgotten Realms campaign setting in the "Ruins of Undermountain" boxed set (1991), and were revealed to have played an important part in the history of the "Anauroch" desert in the accessory, "Anauroch" (1991). The sharn also appear in the "Netheril: Empire of Magic" boxed set (1996), detailing their role in the ancient history of the world. The sharn are reprinted in "Monstrous Compendium Annual Volume Three" (1996).
The sharn's role in the Underdark is further detailed in "Drizzt Do'Urden's Guide to the Underdark" (1999).
Dungeons & Dragons 3.0 edition (2000-2002).
The sharn appear in "Monsters of Faerûn" (2001).
Dungeons & Dragons 3.5 edition (2003-2007).
The sharn appear in "Anauroch: The Empire of the Shade" (2007).
Dungeons & Dragons 4th edition (2008-).
The sharn appear in the "Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide" (2008).
Description.
The sharn are adept and monstrous sorcerers who worship the alliance of deities known as the Pentad—the elven deities Corellon Larethian and Sehanine Moonbow, the dwarven god Dumathoin, and the human deities Mystra and Oghma. The sharn are composed of a variety of different races, including elves, dwarves, humans, and centaurs, of fallen civilizations that willingly underwent magical transformations to turn themselves into sharn that they may better preserve their civilizations’ lore. The sharn also prevent abuses of magic and fight against corruptions of the Weave.
All sharn share a single group mind; they are one being with many souls and sense what other sharn sense and think what other sharn think. It is rare when the sharn mind fragments into the individual minds of its composite beings. Sharn can meld and flow together, forming black pools of liquid. There are black pools of sharnstuff in caverns in the upper reaches of the Underdark, particularly the Northdark, where the sharn make their homes. The sharn split off from these pools of themselves, and when they complete their missions, they meld back into them.
The sharn can create small portals through the ethereal and broach nearly any protections or barriers. Each portal is a small translucent hexagonal window of purple light three feet in diameter that coalesces out of a swirl of purple motes, and the sharn can maintain up to three of them at once within about twenty feet of their bodies. Although the sharn cannot move completely through these portals, they can use them to see through, cast spells through, and extend limbs through to claw or bite at their opponents. Sharns also frequently cast spells upon themselves which greatly increase their speed and agility. They do not need material components or focuses for their spells, whether arcane or divine.
The sharn are not very numerous. According to "Monster Compendium: Monsters of Faerûn", their society houses much political argument and social intrigue, and they constantly have power struggles which are typically based on ideological conflicts. It also states that most of the elder sharn have phased out of existence, but this does not seem to be the case in Steven Schend’s "Blackstaff". Furthermore, it mentions that the sharn spend the majority of their time engaged in internal debates and experiments.
Physical description.
Sharn have large bodies shaped like teardrops with amorphous, hairless, and oily black flesh surrounded by a nimbus of purple light. Their massive three thousand-pound (1,360-kilogram) black and silver bodies are lit by continual magical flares, and they are between twelve and fifteen feet (366 and 457 centimeters) tall. They each have three huge, eyeless heads which each only consist of two nostrils and a large mouth with sharp fangs dripping saliva. All three heads are connected to a single trunk.
Sharn have three large arm-trunks that each end in three hands. Two arm-trunks are located at the sides of their bodies, and another is attached to their backs, although they only have two arm-trunks in the novel "Blackstaff". Each hand has three clawed digits, whereas in "Blackstaff", each has four.
Sharn do not have legs or feet, just a thick tail, and they prefer to float or fly in the air rather than slither on the ground. Each of their nine hands has multiple eyes that each see normally and with darkvision. In the novel "The Sorcerer", each hand has a single eye in the center of its palm. In "Blackstaff", their skin can move and shift, with small eyes, fingers, and mouths forming and disappearing at will anywhere on their bodies. They also seem to be able to regenerate lost limbs within seconds. The sharn track by scent and by magic.
History.
The first sharn were the surviving citizens of the ancient dark and wood elf realm known as Miyeritar. Aryvandaaran historians discovered a familial link between the family of their ruler, Coronal Ivósaar Vyshaan, and the Olrythii, the ruling house of Miyeritar. Circa −14,700 DR, the Vyshaanti began negotiating to annex Miyeritar peacefully, but the Miyeritaari resisted. Around −13,200 DR, the powerful sun elf realm Aryvandaar began raiding along Miyeritar’s borders and interfering with its trade routes, and around −12,000 DR Aryvandaar mounted an all-out invasion of Miyeritar, thus beginning the First Crown War. Circa −11,800 DR Aryvandaaran forces had occupied Miyeritar, and by −11,300 DR, while the Second Crown War was raging between Ilythiir and Thearnytaar, Eiellûr, Syòrpiir, and Orishaar, Aryvandaar conquered Miyeritar, ending the First Crown War.
Dark and wood elf clans in Miyeritar continued to resist Aryvandaar, now called the Vyshaantar Empire, and around −10,500 DR, during the Third Crown War, Vyshaan high mages produced a horrid magical storm called the Dark Disaster, or the Killing Storms, that hung over Miyeritar for months and laid waste to it, turning it into an infertile wasteland that became known as the High Moor. The fell magic proceeded unopposed because of a Vyshaantar assassination campaign that had killed many Miyeritaari high mages in the months before.
Three grand mages of Miyeritar—T’karon, Hamra, and Alunor—who would become known as the Three Watchers devised the means to become sharn and transformed themselves and some willing citizens of Miyeritar into sharn in order to preserve their civilization in the hopes that it would one day rise again. The sharn from Miyeritar were the three grand mages and about eighty citizens, which included elves, dwarves, humans, and the guards and scouts of Miyeritar, the centaurs. The elves of Uvaeren also later became sharn. In Mirtul 611 DR, the Year of the Normiir, the members of the Pentad Retreat also became sharn after the traitorous precept, the vampire wizard Palron Kaeth, used the orcs of the Everhorde to attack the hidden enclave. Survivors of other fallen civilizations have also become sharn, probably from such places as Ammarindar, Ascalhorn, Eaerlann, and Netheril.
In −354 DR, the Year of Many Maws, the first recorded clash between the phaerimm and sharn occurred. In 329 DR, the Year of the Closed Scroll, the sharn finally defeated the phaerimm and imprisoned them in their realm beneath Anauroch, the Buried Realms, which the phaerimm call the Phaerlin, by constructing a magical barrier that anyone except phaerimm can pass through.
In the events taking place in the novel "Blackstaff", the sharn are collecting items of Miyeritar scattered all across Faerûn for a high magic ritual that would restore the high magic city of Faer’tel’miir, an ancient city of Miyeritar that was located on what is now the High Moor. The last time the sharn had acted with such focus of purpose was when they constructed the Sharn Wall around the phaerimm. Usually, magical fields or internal conflicts among their collective mind make them act unpredictably or madly. On the Feast of the Moon, 1374 DR (the Year of Lightning Storms), the malignant magic of the Killing Storms is cleansed from the area (the entire High Moor is gradually being cleansed of the corruptive magic, which will take centuries to conclude), and Faer’tel’miir, the Library City of Miyeritar, is restored and renamed Rhymanthiin, the Hidden City of Hope, through a High Magic Ritual of Myriad. Among the notable participants in the ritual are the three grand mages and many other sharn; the Chosen of Mystra Khelben “Blackstaff” Arunsun, Elminster Aumar, Laeral Silverhand, Alustriel Silverhand, and Alvaerele Tasundrym the Silent Chosen; Mentor Wintercloak, one of the Seven Wizards of Myth Drannor; Ualair the Silent, Grand Mage of Myth Drannor, keeper of Uvaeren’s Secrets, and master of the N’Vaelahr of Myth Drannor; High Mage Orjalun of Silverymoon; the elf wizards Darcassan of Wingsong Tower and Shalantha Omerdawn; the human Jhesiyra Kestellharp; the gnome Parthar the Valiant or Rhymallos the Hidden Eye, an unsung hero of Myth Drannor who took the form of a mezzoloth to infiltrate the Army of Darkness; the wizard Malchor Harpell; Syndra Wands, granddaughter of Khelben; the Tethyrian wizard Lord Gamalon Idogyr, Count of Spellshire, Sage of the Royal Court of Tethyr, and great-grandson of Khelben; Lord Maskar Wands; Phaerl Hawksong; Luvon Greencloak; the bronze dragon Essioanawrath the Elder; the gold dragon Tlanchess; the dragon called the Argentalon; the tiefling mage Tulrun of the Tent; the Mistmaster and his consort Azure; the wizards and former Zhentarim Sememmon and Ashemmi; Maaril, the infamous Dragonmage of Waterdeep; Nain Keenwhistler; the high-ranking clerics of Oghma Fourth Reader Shaynara Tullastar of Candlekeep, Loremaster Cadathlyn of the House of Many Tomes, and Sandrew the Wise, lorekeeper high and ranking priest of the Font of Knowledge in Waterdeep; Kyriani Agrivar, half-elf mistress of Selûne’s Smile; and Elsura Dauniir. Khelben and Ualair sacrifice their lives to restore Rhymanthiin, and their spirits go to Arvandor, the elven heaven. Most of the sharn shed their skins, which become a part of the walls of the city, and return to their original forms. Some sharn of Miyeritar choose to remain sharn, for they would become drow with the Corellon’s Descent (the ancient high magic spell that transformed the dark elves into drow) had they relinquished their sharn forms. They remain Rhymanthiin’s defenders and defenders against corrupt magic in the realms, and they can form from any wall or street of the city to apprehend malefactors due to the sharnstuff woven into the city. All former sharn and those who partake in the ritual are granted a home in the city. The new Rhymanthiin serves as a center for magic, knowledge, lore, and the unity of different races, and those with malice in their hearts shalt not find their way there.

</doc>
<doc id="9804054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804054" title="Mickey Walsh">
Mickey Walsh

Michael Anthony "Mickey" Walsh (born 13 August 1954 in Chorley, Lancashire) is an English-born Irish former professional footballer and current football agent.
Club career.
Walsh began his professional career at Blackpool in 1973, making his debut in a goalless draw at Fulham on 12 September. He went on to score 72 league goals for the Seasiders in 180 games during his five years at the club. His strike in a 3–2 win against Sunderland at Bloomfield Road on 1 February 1975 earned him the "Goal of the Season" award on the BBC's "Match of the Day". He had a spell with Cape Town City in 1978.
He spent six years playing in Portugal with FC Porto, and appeared in their 2–1 defeat by Juventus in the 1984 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final in Basel.
Blackpool F.C. Hall of Fame.
Walsh was inducted into the Hall of Fame at Bloomfield Road, when it was officially opened by former Blackpool player Jimmy Armfield in April 2006. Organised by the Blackpool Supporters Association, Blackpool fans around the world voted on their all-time heroes. Five players from each decade are inducted; Walsh is in the 1970s.
International career.
The highlight of his international career was when he scored the only goal of the game as Ireland defeated the Soviet Union in a World Cup qualifier in Dublin in September 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9804115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804115" title="Paul K. Charlton">
Paul K. Charlton

Paul K. Charlton is a former United States Attorney and currently a partner at the law firm of Steptoe & Johnson in the firm’s Phoenix, Arizona office. Charlton primarily represents corporations and public officials seeking to interface with federal and state law enforcement officials. Charlton also represents a number of Arizona Native American governments, including Ak-Chin, Salt River Pima-Maricopa, Haulapai and the Navajo Nation.
Prior to joining Steptoe & Johnson LLP, he served at law firm Gallagher & Kennedy. Charlton served as the United States Attorney for the District of Arizona from 2001–2007. He was nominated in November 2001 by President George W. Bush. He oversaw a staff of more than 220 employees, four offices throughout the state, and an approximately $20 million budget. During his tenure, Charlton led enforcement initiatives against terrorism, public corruption, illegal immigration and crime in Indian Country.
Charlton began his legal career in 1989 as an Assistant Attorney General with the Arizona Attorney General’s Office. In March 1991, Charlton joined the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Arizona as an Assistant U.S. Attorney where he prosecuted a wide variety of matters from homicides to complex fraud cases.
Charlton was one of seven U.S. attorneys dismissed on December 7, 2006 by the Bush administration in 2006 for "performance-related issues" (see Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy).
Subsequent disclosures revealed that that three or more additional attorneys were dismissed under similar circumstances between 2005-2006. Charlton was confirmed as the U.S. Attorney for the United States Attorney's Office District of Arizona on November 6, 2001. Charlton was informed of his dismissal by Justice Department official Michael A. Battle on December 7, 2006, and announced his resignation on December 19, 2006, effective January 31, 2007.
Charlton's office had been honored with the Federal Service Award and hailed by the Justice Department as a "model program" for its protection of crime victims. Charlton ranked in the top third among the nation's 93 US attorneys in contributing to an overall 106,188 federal prosecutions filed in 2006; scored in the top third in number of convictions; oversaw a district in the top five highest in number of immigration-related prosecutions; ranked among the top 20 offices for drug prosecutions; and, unlike in the other seven cases, ranked high in weapons cases, prosecuting 199 of the United States' 9,313 such cases in 2006, the tenth-highest in the country and up fourfold from 2002.
Overall, Charlton ranked number one in the nation for convictions in 2006.
United States attorney.
In September 2006, it became clear that Charlton had launched an investigation of Rep. Rick Renzi, R-Ariz, over a land-swap deal. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales's chief of staff, Kyle Sampson, subsequently included Charlton on a list of U.S. attorneys "we now should consider pushing out." Sampson made the comment in a Sept. 13, 2006, letter to then-White House Counsel Harriet Miers.
As recently as February 2005, Charlton had been on the so-called "retain" list.
On March 19, 2007, the White House released 3,000 pages of records connected to the controversy, including emails sent by Charlton to the Justice Department about his dismissal. On Dec. 21, 2006, Charlton sent a message to William W. Mercer, the third-ranking official in the department, writing, "Media now asking if I was asked to resign over leak in Congressman Renzi investigation." Charlton never received a response.
The Wall Street Journal explained further allegations: that the Department of Justice intentionally delayed part of the investigation of Renzi until after the November 2006 election. They wrote:
The delays, which postponed key approvals in the case until after the election, raise new questions about whether Attorney General Alberto Gonzales or other officials may have weighed political issues in some investigations...
Investigators pursuing the Renzi case had been seeking clearance from senior Justice Department officials on search warrants, subpoenas and other legal tools for a year before the election, people close to the case said...
...the investigation clearly moved slowly: Federal agents opened the case no later than June 2005, yet key witnesses didn't get subpoenas until early this year, those close to the case said. The first publicly known search -- a raid of a Renzi family business by the Federal Bureau of Investigation -- wascarried out [until April 2007...
Further, the Journal noted that investigators had lobbied Washington for clearance to tap Renzi's phone for months. That clearance was only given in October 2006, but unfortunately for the investigators, word broke of the investigation soon after, disrupting their wiretap.
On April 24, 2007, Charlton revealed to House investigators that Brian Murray, Renzi's top aide, called Charlton spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle shortly after news of Renzi's investigation became public, asking for information on the case. Charlton, in turn, notified the Department of Justice about the call. Justice, however, had not previously notified Congress of the contact.
A second motivation for removing Charlton may have been the suggestions of Justice official Brent Ward, who said in a September 20, 2006 e-mail that Charlton was "unwilling to take good cases." Ward's reason for discounting Charlton appeared to be the US attorney's reluctance to pursue obscenity charges against adult video manufacturers in connection to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales's Obscenity Prosecution Task Force.
After a disagreement over initiating the tape-recording of interviews and confessions by the FBI on American Indian reservations, which Charlton supported and the Justice Department opposed, Charlton offered to resign. In his congressional testimony on March 6, 2007, Charlton said he found "no small amount of irony" in the fact that he was eventually fired.
The Justice Department reversed its longstanding no-recording policy in May 2014, now requiring federal law enforcement agencies to tape-record interviews with suspects in most instances. Charlton was quoted, “The most difficult part of proving a crime is the state of mind, and that is almost always obtained through a statement of the suspect. It was an unjustifiable policy. I think this one of the most significant improvements in the criminal justice system in a long time.”
Charlton had clashed with the Bush Administration over the death penalty; in at least two cases he did not seek capital punishment but was overruled from Washington.
In its formal investigation regarding the firing of the US Attorneys, the Department of Justice’s Office of Inspector General found as follows:
We concluded that the most significant factor in Charlton’s removal was his actions in a death penalty case. Charlton persistently opposed the Department’s decision to seek the death penalty in a homicide case, and he irritated Department leaders by seeking a meeting with the Attorney General to urge him to reconsider his decision. We are troubled that Department officials considered Charlton’s actions in the death penalty case, including requesting a meeting with the Attorney General, to be inappropriate. We do not believe his actions were insubordinate or that they justified his removal.
Charlton has since become a partner at Steptoe & Johnson LLP in a practice focusing on commercial litigation, representation of Native American tribes and internal investigations and white-collar criminal defense. Before joining Steptoe, he had been a shareholder at Gallagher & Kennedy, P.A.

</doc>
<doc id="9804129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804129" title="Tree puzzle">
Tree puzzle

TREE-PUZZLE is a computer program used to construct phylogenetic trees from sequence data by maximum likelihood analysis. Branch lengths can be calculated with and without the molecular clock hypothesis.

</doc>
<doc id="9804145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804145" title="Bay City Western High School">
Bay City Western High School

Bay City Western High School (colloquially referred to as BCW or WHS) is a high school located at 500 Midland Road, Auburn, Michigan. Its mascot is the Warrior, and its colors are brown and gold. The school fight song consists of music from the march "Winchester" (from Winchester High School, Winchester, Virginia), with original words written for Western High. The entrance roads to the school are Bryant Boulevard and Noell Way, named in honor of the school district administrator and head of the school board at the time.
History.
Western High School opened its doors in September 1973 after two years of construction. Overcrowding at Bay City Central and T. L. Handy High School was the original reason that Western was built. During this time the students who lived in Bay City would go to school in the morning from 7:00AM to 12:00 Noon; and the those outside of the city would go in the afternoon, from 12:00 Noon through 5:00PM. In 1973, new boundaries were established, with mostly everyone west of Two Mile Road attending Western High School. Seniors (and some juniors) were given the option to complete their education at Handy or Central. On the first day of school there were Handy kids on one side of the room and Central kids on the other side. By the end of the year they were all Western High Students. When the building opened, construction on some parts of the facility had not yet been completed. Some examples included the main hallway, the swimming pool, the football stadium, and the commons. There were student desks still in boxes in some parts of the building. In some cases students ate their lunches on top of carpet rolls in the commons that had not yet been installed. It has been claimed that, after Handy High School closed in 1990, two of its former students, now being forced to attend Western, went to their old school's parking lot and danced their own personal Homecoming, rather than attending Western's. At commencement that year former Handy students were permitted to wear their traditional red caps and gowns while Western students wore brown and gold. 
In the 1980s it was announced that Western Middle School would be created and would share a building with Western High School. To this day, Western Middle School occupies half of the building that was originally designed for the high school. The two schools are able to operate simultaneously because of different schedules. In addition, classrooms are physically separated into different areas of the building. The two schools share the building's swimming pool, gymnasium, and commons. 
In the 1980s, some portions of the school's tunnel systems collapsed due to water damage and was fixed with wooden beams and to prevent future damage.
Bay City Western has earned athletic state championships in 1999 in Michigan Division I Boys' Golf., and in 2013 in Division 1 Baseball. In 2006 the Pompon team earned a state championship at the Highkick competition.
Building.
Western High School has the usual number of academic departments. These include English, Math, Social Studies, Science, Computers, Arts, Broadcasting and Communications, Human Services, Physical Education and Industrial Arts, all of which are separated into wings. 
There is a library in between the High School and Middle School sides; they are connected as one room, but students are restricted from the other school's library. 
There is also a second floor which consists mostly of Math, Human Services, Social Studies, and Computers as of which a Middle School portion is connected in the East wing. 
The lower portion of the first floor on the south side of school consists of Science, Social Studies, and English. The library entrance is also in this area as well as a locker bay. The south portion also consists of most of the classrooms in Middle School. 
Heading north are the administration offices which are halfway between the lower level and the second floor which leads to the main entrances, commons, gym on the west side. And towards the east are Bryant Auditorium and the Arts Department
The Arts Department contains classes such as Art, Auto-Mechanics, Industrial Drawings, Welding, Wood Shop, Video and Radio, Drama, Choir and Band. There is a backside and backstage entrance to Bryant Auditorium as well as a locker bay and entrances to the school's tunnel system. 
Bryant Auditorium seats about 1200 people and is used for various activities including school plays and presentations. Beneath the stage is a rehearsal/dressing room and behind the stage contains the part of the Sound system and access stairs to the technical aspects of the lighting system. There is also a loading dock behind the stage. In the upper portion of the auditorium there is a lounge and spot light access.
The Commons is the area in which students of Western High and Middle school eat, all though is separated into areas for them. It consists of a small vending area a corner store that students can buy school supplies and snacks from. There are also two lunch lines on each end of the common which are shared by the Western High and Middle School students which sometimes can cause problems with shared lunch periods between the schools. A trophy case is in the hallway at the front of the commons. High School students have an open campus lunch due to the sharing of the commons with the Middle School. 
The upper and lower gym are located next to the commons as of which there are two entrances from the commons. Access to the locker rooms are also provided. Through the locker rooms there is a pool that can be reached from other points in the building such as the "190's hallway" above the gym.
The "190's hallway" consists of Middle School and the Economics class. There are access points to the pool, gym, and school grounds in this hallway. The "190's hallway" has lockers against its walls and are used by High School and Middle School students. Some students think the "190's hallway" can be used to skip classes due to its distance away from the main classes and little student traffic. There is also a set of bathrooms that are always locked due to little traffic and vandalism.
The Bay City Western Football Stadium is commonly referred to as "The Cornfield" due to its close proximity to various farm fields around Auburn. The Bay City Western Marching Band also performs a "train" routine where they begin in concentric circles, and slowly rotate before speeding up and spreading out, while playing the sound of a moving train. This is due to a set of train tracks running directly behind the north end of the field that are visible from all around the stadium. It is believed that the most attended game at the stadium was between Bay City Western and Midland High on November 4, 2005 in a district championship playoff game, which Western won 35-21.
Grounds.
The grounds consist of tennis courts, practice fields, baseball fields, and track surrounding the football field. Also the student parking lot which is placed next to the baseball and football fields, there are also some old, unused basketball hoops in the center of the parking lot. There is a visitors and staff parking lot on the other side of the building which is not accessible through the student parking lot nor can students park in this lot. Sidewalks are surrounding the building guiding to Midland Road. The courtyard is located at the main entrance in which some students eat during lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9804175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804175" title="The Wizard of Gore">
The Wizard of Gore

The Wizard of Gore is a 1970 splatter film written by Allen Kahn and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. The 1970 film was one of the first to feature realistic deaths in the gory scenes. It stars Ray Sager and Judy Cler.
Plot.
Magician Montag the Magnificent delivers hectoring speeches about the nature of reality to his audience and then performs mutilation tricks on female "volunteers". The women appear unharmed immediately afterward but later collapse, dead, in public or at home—mutilated in the same grisly fashion suggested by Montag's stage tricks (cut in half with a chainsaw, drilled through with a punch press, etc.). Audience member Sherry Carson, a local TV talk show hostess, and her boyfriend Jack begin to suspect that Montag is somehow involved in the murders. Jack and fellow reporter Greg attempt to research the case but are unable to come up with any solid evidence. 
Montag agrees to appear on Sherry's show to perform a fire trick; when the cameras roll, he hypnotizes not only everyone in the studio, but also the viewing audience at home. With a wave of his hand, Montag starts a blaze and is guiding Sherry and two plainclothes cops toward it when Jack intervenes and pushes Montag into the fire instead. Screaming, the magician dies. 
Back at home, Sherry and Jack have a drink as they discuss their strange experience. Suddenly, Jack laughs and begins peeling his own skin from his face to reveal that he is actually Montag. "What makes you think you know what reality is?" he asks Sherry before disemboweling her with his bare hands. But Sherry, still alive and laughing maniacally, tells the baffled Montag that none of what has happened was real--and that even he is part of her illusion. "You are no longer even here," she informs Montag. "You'll have to start your little charade all over again."
"But I...I am Montag!" the magician stammers helplessly. Then he is back onstage, dazed, reciting the same speech that he delivered to his audience at the beginning of the film: "What is real? How do you know that at this second you aren't asleep in your beds, dreaming that you are here in this theater?" And in the audience an unimpressed Sherry turns to Jack, muttering, "You know what I think? I think he's a phony."
Special effects.
In "The Amazing Herschell Gordon Lewis", Daniel Krogh notes that the film's graphic gore effects were accomplished with two sheep carcasses. The carcasses, which had to be carried around for more than two weeks while the film was being shot, were soaked in Pine-Sol. Krogh also describes how the chainsaw sequence was filmed: two women, one whose upper body was exposed and another whose legs were exposed, played the single victim. A fake midsection filled with animal organs, mortician's wax and condoms full of stage blood was placed between the two women. According to Allmovie, the film's special effects were compromised "due to rushed schedules, budgetary limitations, and unforeseen accidents on the set", and Lewis claimed to be unhappy with the final product.
Critical reception.
Allmovie called the film "arguably the most interesting product from cinematic gorehound Herschell Gordon Lewis", though a "standard Lewis collection of non-actors and clumsy cinematography, and it isn't unlikely that the script's elliptical qualities are due more to the hasty plugging of plot holes than any grand design." 
Remake.
The film was remade in 2007, starring Crispin Glover as Montag the Magnificent.
In popular culture.
The film was notably referenced and a scene is shown in the 2007 film "Juno", when the main character finds a VHS copy of the film in the living room of the adoptive father. The two watch the film together after Juno shows interest, who then praises the "insanity" of the gore sequences.

</doc>
