<doc id="9704019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704019" title="Naga (The Bird Series)">
Naga (The Bird Series)

"Naga" is a fictional sentient race based on the Asian mythology of Nāga that appear in the Korean fantasy novel "The Bird That Drinks Tears" and its sequel "The Bird That Drinks Blood", written by a Korean writer Lee Yeongdo.
Physical Characteristics.
Nagas are reptiles, and their physical characteristic resemble snakes in particular. Their body structure and size is that of a human, but they are cold-blooded and their body is covered with scales. When nagas are shocked in other ways emotionally troubled, their scales rise and dash, shattering into each other. This would be similar to human goosebumps.
Just like snakes, nagas have infra-red visions and can see the world in the form of heats instead of colours and lights. This makes them advantaged over other kind of people in certain condition, such as when finding hot-blooded animals in the dark or camouflaging colors. This is a very similar concept to the specie of Predators that appear in film and comic series "Predator".
As nagas are reptiles and cold-blooded, their mental and physical ability depend on the temperature of their surrounding. This is why they only live at the farmost South of the continent, where the temperature is significantly warmer.
Neerm and other telekinetic abilities.
Nagas have unique telekinetic ability. For one thing, they are able to communicate using their mind. This is called "neerm", and a verb for this is "neer", "neering". This is a process of opening the mind and directing a single stream of thought or intention to the mind of others, just as talking is opening the mouth and directing a strand of thought, translated in sounds, to the ear of others. So when a naga are mentally silent with no neerm to neer, it would be said that the naga has 'closed his/her mind'. Neerm has its own limits too, for example you cannot neerm to person too far away. But neerm has advantages over normal talking, for example it can be heard through walls. Because it is a mental process, neerm be very delicately used to neer at only one person in the very large crowd, or project a memory or picture at another nagas. Such a complicated neering can only be used by nagas who have very high mental talents, and takes up lots of mental energy, it seems. 
There are few other uses of their telekinetic ability, such as controlling animals with their own will. Yet when all nagas can neerm, only some nagas have the ability to control animals. The inheritance is quite random, so this ability seem to be something similar to a human's hitchhiker's thumbs. This is useful in a communication method called snake-talking. A group of snakes are mentally connected to another group of snakes. Then when a naga directs this group of the snakes into a shape that resembles this text, this text will be transferred to the other group of the snakes. This way, nagas can communicate to other nagas far away as long as they have a set of snakes that is linked to the snakes they have.
Because nagas have neerm, and because they are almost deaf, they do not talk vocal. However, their writing system is still based on a vocal language. It would be quite impossible to express a mental form of intention into a physical form of writing. Because of this, nagas learn the speaking-way too, even though it is extremely seldom used. However, when nagas do talk, they have a quite strikingly beautiful voice. For example, when humans first heard Ryun’s voice, they though he was a princess turned into a beast by an evil devil.
Debate over the physical appearance.
There have been many debates concerning the existence, or non-existence, of many human-features present in naga body among the fan-fic drawers. Nagas may, or may not, have body hair. Nagas may, or may not, have ears or other physical features that are shaped like one. Naga women may, or may not have breasts or some other body structure that is shaped as such. People in the non-human structure side argue that their images of nagas are more biologically correct. People who support more humanoid structure argue back with quotes from the book. There are mentions of nagas having toenails and fingernails at least, and also a mention of an ornament that was very similar to human earrings, which indicates the possibility of the existence of ears.
Some fans do comment that the author Lee Yeongdo likes the readers to use their imagination, as he himself often said, and it may be that he deliberately does not mention the existence, or the non-existence, of these features.
Mental Characteristics.
Nagas are characteristicly extremely rational. They will not hesitate when they are left to choose between a more realistic profit and a moral dignity. They are not easily afraid or subduced, even less fooled. They are the masters of double metaphors, hidden meanings in subtle conversations, deceptions and backstabbings.
Culture.
Nagas have very pleasant and peaceful lives compared to the other three races that dwell above the Limit Line. They claim "Keyboren", a giant jungle which covers the half of the world. Food is all around them in a form of wild animals in "Keyboren", and they do not even have to saw or tender. They do not have a need to wage war against each other, for they give fewer offspring and there are plenty food and space. This abundance of life and peace in their lives allows the nagas a room to afford luxuries and develop grand cultures, it seems.
Because nagas cannot see visual lights and can only see the world as temperatures, they do not paint pictures. They have to write texts in ink and in very large letters, as ink absorbs heat allowing its shape to be recognized by a naga's eyes. When they want more delicate texts or blueprints they carve lines on a metal sheet, and water will be poured over it to be read. Nagas do enjoy many forms of art such as musical, sculpture, and specially dancing. Dancing is a common leisure for the highclass of the nagas society, a way for people to show off their artistic abilities. When nagas dance they hold metallic rodes, which are heated at the end when dancing. With these dancers will play with the heat and the movement of the air as the rodes scorch the air nearby, which is a great treat to another naga’s eyes.
When nagas appaud, they do not clap as sound is no use to them. Instead, they sprinkle water on a brazier nearby. The explosion of heat when cold water meets hot coals will look very bright on a naga’s eyes. When someone says 'The braziers have all cooled' it indicates that the person has done such a great job, people have sprinkled so much water on the braziers they have almost cooled down, therefore making it a great praise.
Because the nagas depend on the forest for their food and survive, they traditionally love trees. It would be not unlike the worshipping of sheep in the nomadic Jewish culture, or Asian religions and traditional favour of rice as they depend on rice to survive. Because of this, nagas call trees as their friends, treat them as equal as they would treat another naga, and are horrified by the idea of destroying trees. For this nagas have learned to use stone as their building and furniture materials. For example, the whole city of Hatengrazew was made out of white stones, probably limestones or marbles. Trees are very rarely cut down, but after a grand ritual and a tree funeral. Such wooden products from one are considered as an extreme luxury.
Nagas use the same language as the other three races. However, the remains of their older, independent language still survive in bits and pieces. Such examples are words such as "Vyienaga", "-grazew" and "Shozain-te-shyictol".
Heart Extraction.
Heart Extraction is a very important ritual that every naga must participate at the coming of the age, when they are 22 years old. Each year when the star, "Shanagi", hides behind the moon, all nagas who have reached their age will go to the city's heart tower and Guardians will extract their heart. When they do so, they become almost immortal, and will casually survive through losing few limbs or organs. Not only that, they also gain infinite regeneration ability that allows them to grow back almost any body features. All nagas are obligated go through the heart extraction. If a naga refuses, they are stripped off of all rights as a naga being, and are mocked as "vyienaga", which translates that it looks like a naga but it is not worthy to be considered one. Vienagas are outcasts and are ruthlessly hunted down, killed and sometimes even eaten. 
The extracted hearts are stored in separate heart bottles, and are put in the walls of the heart towers. Another job of the Guardians is to look after the heart bottles, and remove the hearts when the owner dies.
Weapons.
The nagas did not have wars for centuries, and their body is a weapon itself. However, they do make some kinds of weapon to practice as leisure. A typical naga weapon is "scyker", a traditional scimitar-sword.
Clothing.
Nagas are cold-blooded, poikilothermic. They do not need clothing to keep themselves warm. Also because their body is almost immotal, they do not need protective clothing. So, beings as they are, nagas use clothing as decorations. Their clothes are very complicated, highly artistic, and do not follow normal rules of clothing, such as existence of upper and lower garments. It is mentioned they may even have left and right garments, or front and back garments.
As the nagas can only see heat, it seems that they do not concern themselves about colours or patterns the fabrics. Instead, in higher classes, clothing will be embedded with metals or sawed at the end of the fabrics with fine metal wires, etc. Because metals absorb and release heat, metal embeddings would look highly decorative in another naga's eyes. Because of the same reason metal necklaces, bracelets and earrings are popular too. Brass seems to be preferred as a decorative metal.
Food.
The nagas devour live animals alive. In cities they would be normally served with mice that are easy to breed and eat. When they are in the forest, they will eat anything as big as an anteater. The nagas cannot taste. However, they do have a form of delicacy. They like to eat animals that have a pleasing odor or are docile so they can be 'delighted at the process of eating', or are very rare so they can be 'pleased at the fact they ate a rare treat'. For example, an otter is extremely hard to catch and is considered a delicacy by the nagas.
Religion.
Nagas serve The Goddess Who Leaves No Trail, or water.
The Guardians, who control and tend the heart tower and its hearts, are also the priests of The Goddess. They are called the "Bridesgrooms of the Goddess", and seem to keep very close contact with the Goddess. Only a male can become a Guardian. They live in the heart towers, and vow to sleep with no woman, as the Goddess is their future wife in the afterlife. The Guardian is basically the only statue a man can gain.
Society.
The nagas live in giant cities. All naga cities have a word "grazew" at the end of their names, so grazew seem to mean city in the old naga language. All cities are formed around a heart tower, because heart towers are religious and political center of the naga society. The largest city of all is Hatengrazew, where main characters of "The Bird That Drinks Tears" such as Ryun Pei, Samo Pei, Galotec and Viass Markerow come from. However, each naga cities are independent and Hatengrazew holds no direct influence over other cities.
The women rule the naga society. This may be because the women and the men have lost their gap of physical ability through the power that the heart extraction provides and men lost their role as a physical muscle that protect women and children. So, the women are classified as higher beings, and the men's somewhat a lower form of nagas.
All nagas do not recognize and acknowledge the concept of father. They know that such thing exists, but they believe that the sperm men give women is just like every other ingredient a woman needs to birth a child, such as food, water and air. They think it is the mother who is important, and are not very interested in who the father is in the first place.
Clans.
The naga society is formed with great families/clans, made with the women. A clan mistress or a house mistress leads each family. The men do not have a right to retain a family name after they have reached the adulthood, or gain statue or a fixed dwelling place. So they remain wonderers, roaming around the great jungle of Keyboren. Yet, men are allowed to visit any house of the clans and if they choose to, sleep with women there. The men staying at the house of the clan are very important recourse to the clan, as in the naga society women gain higher statue and respect the more children they bear to their clan. So women would strive to lure men to their houses and make them lodge. The power of the clan is often measured by how many men are lodging at the clan's house.

</doc>
<doc id="9704020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704020" title="TSG Wörsdorf">
TSG Wörsdorf

TSG Wörsdorf is a German association football club from Wörsdorf, a municipality of Idstein, Hesse.
History.
The club is the second oldest sports association in the district and is today the largest with a membership of nearly 1,000. In addition to a football side, "TSG" has departments for gymnastics and dance, table tennis, athletics, volleyball, and hiking.
The team has its origins in the gymnastics club "Turnverein Wörsdorf" established on 8 July 1887. A football department was formed in 1921 and became independent within a year as "Sportverein 1922 Wörsdorf". The association all but disappeared after the rise to power of the Nazis in 1933 as it was assimilated by a larger community sports organization established by the regime. An independent club was re-established in 1945 and was soon reunited with its parent side with the club playing as "SV". By 1950 the club was known briefly as "Turn- und Sportgemeinschaft Wörsdorf/Taunus" before adopting its current name.
The development of a new sports facility in 1980 helped to motivate a drive to improve the football team. Playing in the local Kreisliga in the late 80s the footballers began a steady ascent that took them to the Landesliga Hessen-Mitte (V) in 1993 and then on into the Oberliga Hessen (IV) in 2001 where they still compete today. The club's best results were consecutive 7th place finishes earned in 2005 and 2006. After nine seasons in the Hessenliga, the club was relegated to the Verbandsliga in 2010 and now plays in the Gruppenliga Wiesbaden after another relegation in 2012.
"Wörsdorf" plays its home matches in the Stadion Wallbacherstraße which has a capacity of 3,000. The club colours are blue and orange.
Honours.
The club's honours:

</doc>
<doc id="9704027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704027" title="Ongoing reliability test">
Ongoing reliability test

The ongoing reliability test (ORT) is a hardware test process usually used in manufacturing to ensure that quality of the products is still of the same specifications as the day it first went to production or general availability.
The products currently in the manufacturing line are randomly picked everyday with a predefined percentage or numbers and then put in a environmental chamber that provides the stress profile of thermal cycling, elevated temperature, or combined environmental stresses to induce fatigue damage. The profile should stimulate the precipitation of latent defects that may be introduced from the manufacturing process but not remove significant life from the product or introduce flaws to risk failure during its intended mission. highly accelerated stress test is a Ongoing Reliability Test that uses the empirical operational limits as the reference for the combined vibration, thermal cycling, and other stress applied to find latent defects.
Quality of the products is then measured with the results of this test. If a unit fails, it goes under investigation to see what caused the failure and then remove the cause whether it came from an assembly process or from a component being incorrectly manufactured, or any other cause. If it is proven that a real failure occurs, the batch of units that were produced along with the failed unit, is then tagged for re-test or repair to either verify or fix the problem.
External links.
Accelerated Reliability Engineering: HALT and HASS. Gregg K. Hobbs, John Wiley & Sons Ltd., 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="9704032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704032" title="Eduardo Joson">
Eduardo Joson

Eduardo L. Joson (born 1919) was a captain of Filipino guerrillas during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II. He later became the Governor of the Nueva Ecija Province in the Philippines from 1959 to 1992, making him the second longest serving politician serving one government position in the Philippines for a span of 33 years.
World War II.
Joson was the captain of Squadron 213 of the guerrilla fighters in the Philippines. Along with Captain Juan Pajota, he led the Philippine guerillas during the Raid at Cabanatuan, the largest rescue of prisoners of war in US military history.
Politics and legacy.
After the war, Joson took part in helping rebuild the infrastructure of the Philippines. He was subsequently elected as the Governor of Nueva Ecija, the same province in which the raid took place. He served from 1959 to 1992. Joson conceived the idea of a capitol building in Palayan City which was finally established and opened on January 25, 2002 by his son, Tomas N. Joson III who also became the governor of the province. On August 5, 2004, a hospital was dedicated in his honor and college was also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9704050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704050" title="NCAA Football 08">
NCAA Football 08

NCAA Football 08 is a college football video game created by EA Sports, the sports video gaming subsidiary of Electronic Arts. It is the successor to NCAA Football 07 in the NCAA Football series. It was officially announced with the launch of the NCAA 08 page on the EA Sports website on February 20, 2007. EA Sports had opened up a ballot on their "NCAA Football 07" site in which fans can vote on a feature to be implemented into the PlayStation 2 version, making it the first console announced for the game and announcing at least one of its features. Fans could vote for either in-game saves, medical red shirts, summer workouts or a lead blocker feature. The option of medical red shirts was voted on and won, and this option is on the Dynasty Mode on all versions of NCAA Football 08. This allows for players that are injured in the middle of the year to apply to gain another year of eligibility. The game was released on July 17, 2007, and the first time release on PlayStation 3, marking the eleventh installment of the NCAA Football series bearing the title "NCAA Football". As with NCAA Football 07, 08 features limited ESPN integration.
Next-gen improvements.
Animations: "NCAA Football 08" runs at 60 frames per second on the Xbox 360 (up from 30 in last year's edition). PS3 remains at 30 frames per second but still includes many of the animations present on the 360 albeit at a slower speed. There are 115 detailed stadiums, up from 40 in "NCAA Football 07". The game also features a new gameplay engine and branching animation system. This allows for gang tackling, mid-air collisions, sideline catches, and several other brand new animations. [http://xbox360.ign.com/articles/780/780221p1.html]
Control Scheme: In keeping with the brand new animations, NCAA Football 08 features a fairly new control scheme from NCAA Football 07. The hit stick has been improved allowing for players to take out the ball carrier's legs by pressing down on the right analog stick. Lead blocking controls from Madden have crossed over onto NCAA Football 08. Offensive hot routes, audibles, and defensive playmaker options are also new additions to NCAA Football 08. The difference between All-American and Heisman is comparable to the difference between night and day because one could go undefeated with a team in All-American mode but move up to Heisman and lose every single game.
Motivation: Next gen versions include a new motivation system. If a player does well, it will boost his motivation making his attributes better. Eventually, if this player is motivated enough he will also motivate other people which will raise their attributes as well.
Recruiting Features: The dynasty mode includes a more in depth recruiting feature allowing the user to make promises and recruiting visits. As in previous games, NCAA football 08 allows the user to export their rosters to Madden 08.
Player Creation: When users create a Campus Legend on Xbox 360 or PS3, a player and high school are created, and the game begins at the state championship playoffs. Performance during the playoffs will determine your caliber. The higher your caliber, the higher your stats will get, and more schools will offer you a scholarship. As in the previous two games, the player will also have the option to walk-on at another school. There are scouts from different schools at every game, the better you play the bigger the schools that are interested. You even get the option when creating your player to choose your top choice so your coach knows who your primary school focus is on. You will no longer control the whole team, but only your player; This has not been changed for PlayStation 2 or Xbox.[http://xbox360.ign.com/articles/780/780221p1.html] Campus Legend on PlayStation 2 and Xbox is relatively unchanged; the user still encounters the five drills as before.
Mini Games: There is a new mini game of sorts available for play called Points Pursuit on the current gen versions. It is similar to a regular game except that the scoring is based on yards gained, tackles, interceptions, touchdowns, and other things as well as arcade style gameplay and several random opportunities for double, triple, and quadruple points.
Skills: During regular gameplay, the user can look at his or her My Skills. My Skills keeps track of all the user controlled plays a player has made. For example, if you made an "user pick" with CB #1, then in the My Skills menu it will read CB #1 1 INT. My Skills is only available in the current gen versions.
Highlights: A new feature for the series are My Highlights, which users can use to save game replays and snap shots from previously played games and subsequently upload to EA Sports World GDC 2008 Coverage: Wrapping it Up. My Highlights are exclusive to next gen versions of the game.
Award Tracking: My Shrine is another new addition which allows users to keep track of their trophies and accomplishments.
Trick Plays: Inspired by the 2007 Fiesta Bowl, NCAA Football also introduces more trick plays than before. The hook and ladder (the name of the play on the cover, but dubbed the "circus" by Boise State) and statue of liberty play are both playable on this game in addition to a multitude of other trick plays including a flea flicker and halfback pass.
Cover athlete.
On March 2, 2007, it was announced by EA Sports that Jared Zabransky was chosen as the cover athlete for the upcoming NCAA Football 08. The main reason cited for this decision was Zabransky's outstanding year with the Boise State Broncos and their win in the BCS Fiesta Bowl over Oklahoma as the second at-large team from a non-Bowl Championship Series conference. He is the second cover athlete in the NCAA Football series that went undrafted the next year, along with Nebraska QB Tommie Frazier.
Demo.
A week before the game's release, EA Sports released an Xbox 360 and a PlayStation 3 demo for "NCAA Football 08" on the Xbox Live Marketplace. It features a playable contest of the top two teams in the game - the USC Trojans and the Michigan Wolverines - in the Los Angeles Coliseum with two minute quarters.
Reception.
"NCAA Football 08" received generally positive reviews from critics for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions, earning scores of 77/100 and 81/100 on Metacritic, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="9704053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704053" title="Susan Hammer">
Susan Hammer

Susan Hammer was the mayor of San Jose, California from 1991 - 1999. She is a Democrat. She was voted best local politician six times. Previous to serving as mayor, she represented San Jose's Council District Three ("downtown") from 1983 - 1991.
Hammer was born in Altadena, California on December 21, 1938. She attended the University of California at Berkeley. She is married to San Jose attorney Philip Hammer, and has three children and six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9704057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704057" title="Chippewas of Rama First Nation">
Chippewas of Rama First Nation

Chippewas of Rama First Nation, also known as Chippewas of Mnjikaning and Chippewas of Rama Mnjikaning First Nation, is Anishinaabe (Ojibwa) First Nation located in the province of Ontario in Canada. The name "Mnjikaning", or fully vocalized as "Minjikaning", refers to the fishing weirs at Atherley Narrows between Lake Simcoe and Lake Couchiching and it means “in/on/at or near the fence”.
Rama sits on approximately of land on eight separate parcels. It was once known as Mnjikaning and Rama Mnjikaning but after a community referendum has since re-assumed the name of Chippewas of Rama First Nation. There are 1600 members with approximately 700 living on the reserve and about 900 living off the reserve.
The First Nation is adjacent to a 4,500 year old wooden stake fishing weir system which at one time sustained many Native peoples but, it is not clear who actually built this structure. The First Nation's main reserve, the Mnjikaning First Nation 32 Indian Reserve, is located approximately northeast of Orillia, Ontario. Rama First Nation is geographically located within the Township of Ramara, but functions separately. Rama First Nation is also home to Casino Rama and Entertainment Complex.
Many of the families currently living on and off the reserve include the original family names Benson, Ingersoll, Williams, Douglas, Shilling, Simcoe, Snache, St. Germain, Stinson and Yellowhead. Some later name additions (mainly due to marriage) include Anderson, Comego, Cottrell, Desormeaux, Noganosh, Muir, Sandy, Sawyer, Stiles, York and others.
Governance.
The First Nation's leadership consists of a chief and six (6) councillors, elected under the Indian Act Electoral System put into place in the 1930s by Canada in the attempt to depose hereditary chiefs and headman as leaders. The current elected leadership (2012-2014) is Chief Sharon Henry and Councillors Ronald Douglas, Byron Stiles, Tracey Snache, Nemke Quarrington, Rodney Noganosh and Gina Genno. The First Nation is a member of Ogemawahj Tribal Council, a regional Chiefs' council; though many who are members of the Ogemawahj Tribal Council are also members of Union of Ontario Indians/Anishinabek Nation, Rama First Nation is independent. Rama is also a part of the Chippewa Tri-Council which consists of Beausoleil First Nation and the Chippewas of Georgina Island as well as descendant's in Neywash (Huron-Robinson Treaty). The Chippewa Tri-Council were once one reserve, the Coldwater Narrows Reserve established in 1830, under one principal chief, Chief Yellowhead. Further, before The Coldwater Narrows Reserve was established this group was the Chippewas of Lake Simcoe and Huron.

</doc>
<doc id="9704059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704059" title="Klassiker 2 (Classics 2)">
Klassiker 2 (Classics 2)

Klassiker 2 (Classics 2) is the third compilation album, and the ninth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1993. With the exception of a few songs included on the 1988 compilation, "10 Years After", this was the first time Jerusalem's third and fourth albums had been released on CD. Some tracks were dropped to fit both albums onto one disc.
Track listing.
Swedish version.
Tracks 1-7 from "Krigsman" ("Farväl" was dropped)
Tracks 8-14 from "Vi Kan Inte Stoppas" ("Let's Go (Dancin')", "Pusselbiten" and "Heartbeat" were dropped)
English version.
Tracks 1-7 from "Warrior" ("Farewell" was dropped)
Tracks 8-14 from "Can't Stop Us Now" ("Read Between the Lines", "The Missing Piece" and "Heartbeat" were dropped)

</doc>
<doc id="9704060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704060" title="2006 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2006 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2006 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 9–12 in Greensboro, North Carolina at the Greensboro Coliseum. The 2006 edition was the 53rd edition of the ACC Tournament. Duke won the tournament for the 16th time in school history. Duke's J.J. Redick won the tournament's Most Valuable Player Award for the second year in a row.
The 2006 ACC Tournament was the first tournament with 12 teams participating. Boston College made its first appearance in the tournament, making it to the championship game before losing to Duke. 12th-seeded Wake Forest made considerable noise in the tournament, beating 5th-seeded Florida State and 4th-seeded NC State on their way to the semifinal round, before losing to eventual champions Duke.
Miami and Boston College won their first ever ACC Tournament games in 2006. Miami defeated Clemson in the first round. Boston College defeated Maryland in the quarterfinal round.

</doc>
<doc id="9704088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704088" title="Crush My Soul">
Crush My Soul

"Crush My Soul" is a song by industrial metal band Godflesh, taken from the album "Selfless". It was released in 1995 by Earache Records on 12" vinyl and CD. 
The two remixes were also included on the "Selfless/Merciless" compilation released on Earache Records in 1996.
Music and critical reception.
Richard Fontenoy, a contributor to "Rough Guide to Rock", stated in the book that "Godflesh's breakthrough into metal acceptance has a tendency towards mechanical, headbanging sameness, though the excellent 'Crush My Soul' is based around an asthmatically weaving sample loop." Ned Raggett of Allmusic wrote, "Songs like 'Anything Is Mine' and 'Crush My Soul', the latter infused with a strange breathing rhythm loop, or so it sounds, capture this version of major-label Godflesh pretty well, both unpleasant enough to keep the wimps away and accessible enough to win over the more open-minded." Ira A. Robbins of Trouser Press wrote, "the screaming 'Crush My Soul' demonstrate an incipient sense of melody". 
On the "Ultramix" version of the song, "The Wire" wrote, "Even the rather ponderous industrial menace of Godflesh is transformed in their 'Ultramix' of 'Crush My Soul', although...it's too long."
Music video.
A music video for the song was directed by photographer Andres Serrano, who was known for his controversial 1987 photograph "Piss Christ". The video, which was Serrano's debut music video, featured the band playing, along with clips of cockfighting and religion-like blasphemy. Performance artist Bob Flanagan was also featured in the video, portraying an upside down Christ-figure hoisted up on a ceiling.
Controversy.
Due to its content, the video stirred up an obscenity controversy. It was subsequently rejected from being aired by MTV, whose acquisitions group felt that "musically there wasn't a home for it at the current time." As a result of the rejection, Earache and Columbia Records changed their strategies into distributing the clip to regional video shows and to "The Box", which aired content that MTV found objectionable.

</doc>
<doc id="9704093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704093" title="Swiss Figure Skating Championships">
Swiss Figure Skating Championships

The Swiss Figure Skating Championships (officially named and ) are a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national champions of Switzerland. Medals may be awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing, although not every discipline has been held in every year due to a lack of participants.
References.
Dead links:

</doc>
<doc id="9704095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704095" title="Medium specificity">
Medium specificity

Medium specificity is a consideration in aesthetics and art criticism. It is most closely associated with modernism, but it predates it. According to Clement Greenberg, who helped popularize the term, medium specificity holds that "the unique and proper area of competence" for a form of art corresponds with the ability of an artist to manipulate those features that are "unique to the nature" of a particular medium. For example, in painting, literal flatness and abstraction are emphasised rather than illusionism and figuration.
Medium specific can be seen to mean that ""the artwork is constituted by the characteristic qualities of the raw material."" This would probably include the techniques used to manipulate the materials. ""Medium-specificity is based on the distinct materiality of artistic media."" As early as 1776 Gotthold Ephraim Lessing ""contends that an artwork, in order to be successful, needs to adhere to the specific stylistic properties of its own medium.""
Today, the term is used both to describe artistic practices and as a way to analyze artwork. Critic N. Katherine Hayles, for example, speaks of "media specific analysis." As discussed by critic Marshall Soules, medium specificity and media specific analysis are playing an important role in the emergence of new media art forms, such as Internet art. Medium specificity suggests that a work of art can be said to be successful if it fulfills the promise contained in the medium used to bring the artwork into existence. Much debate can remain as to what a given medium best lends itself to. 
Art dialogue in the post-modern period has tended to steer away from medium specificity as a particularly relevant principle. 

</doc>
<doc id="9704120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704120" title="Yang Xuangan">
Yang Xuangan

Yang Xuangan (楊玄感) (died 613) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty. He was the son of the powerful official Yang Su, and, as he knew that Emperor Yang was apprehensive of his father, was never quite secure. In 613, when Emperor Yang was attacking Goguryeo, he rebelled near the eastern capital Luoyang, but was soon defeated. He ordered his brother Yang Jishan (楊積善) to kill him, as to not fall into Emperor Yang's hands.
Background.
It is not known when Yang Xuangan was born. He was the oldest son of Yang Su, who was already a major general at the start of Sui Dynasty in 581 but whose honors and power grew as the years went by. Yang Xuangan was considered by some to be developmentally disabled while in his childhood, but his father believed that not to be the case, and as he grew, he was studious. Because of his father's accomplishments, Yang Xuangan was repeatedly honored by Sui's founder Emperor Wen as well. In 589, after his father's contributions in the conquest of Chen Dynasty, which allowed Sui to unite China, Yang Xuangan was given the honorific office of "Yitong Sansi" (儀同三司, fifth rank, first division, in Sui's system of nine ranks with two divisions each). Unlike several of his brothers, Yang Xuangan was not created a ducal title, as he was his father's heir apparent and expected to eventually inherit his father's title. In 602, after Yang Su's victory over Tujue, Yang Xuangan was promoted to "Zhuguo" (柱國, second rank, first division) -- the same rank that his father was at, and at imperial gatherings, father and son stood in the same area. Soon thereafter, Emperor Wen demoted Yang Xuangan down to third rank, and Yang Xuangan thanked Emperor Wen appropriately, "I did not know that Your Imperial Majesty would give me this much favor -- so that I can show respect to my father in public as much as I do in private."
During Emperor Wen's reign, Yang Xuangan served as the governor of Ying Province (郢州, roughly modern Wuhan, Hubei), and was said to be an effective monitor of his subordinate officials, finding out both their good deeds and evil deeds and rewarding or punishing them appropriately. He later served as the governor of Song Province (宋州, roughly modern Shangqiu, Henan), but while still at that position, his father Yang Su died in 604. He inherited his father's highly honored title of Duke of Chu, and he left governmental service to observe a mourning period. After about a year, he became a minister in the government of Emperor Wen's successor Emperor Yang. He was said to be arrogant but a patron of literary talents, and many talented people became his guests. He particularly trusted Li Mi, also from a noble house.
While Yang Su was alive, Emperor Yang had been deeply apprehensive of Yang Su's power and angry with Yang Su's arrogance, and after Yang Su's death, he made the comment, "If Yang Su did not die, his clan would have eventually been exterminated." Yang Xuangan heard rumors of this comment, and was apprehensive of Emperor Yang. As he saw how the imperial governance had deteriorated under Emperor Yang and believed how many officials who were prior subordinates of his father Yang Su would support him, he plotted to depose Emperor Yang and declaring Emperor Yang's nephew Yang Hao the Prince of Qin emperor. As he followed Emperor Yang on a campaign against Tuyuhun in 609, he saw how disorganized the Emperor's train was and considered an ambush at that point, but his uncle Yang Shen (楊慎) dissuaded him from the action. Later, during Emperor Yang's preparation for war against Goguryeo, Yang Xuangan volunteered to serve, and his volunteering greatly pleased Emperor Yang, who trusted him more and more and gave him input in important governmental matters.
Rebellion.
In 613, as Emperor Yang was launching his second campaign against Goguryeo, he put Yang Xuangan in charge of ensuring food supplies at the important shipping junction of Liyang (黎陽, in modern Hebi, Henan). Yang Xuangan withheld the food supply ships, and then, in summer 613, occupied Liyang and declared an uprising, initially declaring that the general Lai Hu'er (來護兒) had revolted and that he was attacking Lai, but soon also declaring that he was restoring the laws of the time of Emperor Wen, signifying a repudiation of Emperor Yang. He soon publicly denounced Emperor Yang of misrule and tyranny, and immediately drew popular support in the region as well as the strongest shipping laborers and sailors. He summoned Li Mi and his brother Yang Xuanting (楊玄挺) from the capital Chang'an, and his brothers Yang Xuanzong (楊玄縱) and Yang Wandan (楊萬石) from the Goguryeo front, but Yang Wandan was captured and executed. Yang Xuangan made Li Mi his chief strategist, and Li Mi gave him three options, in the order of Li's opinion as to their feasibility:
Yang Xuangan, however, believing that he needed to capture Luoyang to show that his rebellion was serious, commented that Li's "low strategy" was in fact "high strategy," and headed toward Luoyang. However, as Li had predicted, Tang had warned Emperor Yang's grandson Yang Tong the Prince of Yue and the official Fan Zigai (樊子蓋), whom Emperor Yang left in charge of Luoyang, and Luoyang's defenses had been prepared. While Yang Xuangan and his brothers gained some victories, he could not quickly capture Luoyang. Meanwhile, many young noblemen were joining his cause. After he captured the highly regarded official Wei Fusi (韋福嗣), he trusted Wei as well and did not only trust Li any further, but strategies that Wei submitted were not wholeheartedly in support of the rebellion. Li requested that Yang Xuangan kill Wei, but Yang Xuangan refused. Li made the comment to his relatives, "The Duke of Chu wanted to rebel, but does not know how to gain final victory. We are now like turtles stuck in urns."
At this time, Emperor Yang was sieging Liaodong (遼東, in modern Liaoyang, Liaoning), and had nearly captured it from Goguryeo forces when news of Yang Xuangan's rebellion arrived. Yang Xuangan's associate Husi Zheng (斛斯政) surrendered to Goguryeo, and Emperor Yang retreated at night. Also around the same time, Wei Wensheng (衛文昇), the official Emperor Yang left in charge of Chang'an, came to Luoyang's aid with his troops, and Lai also arrived. Further, the forward forces returning from the Goguryeo front, under the command of Qutu Tong (屈突通) and Yuwen Shu, soon arrived as well, and while Yang Xuangan attempted to prevent them from crossing the Yellow River, attacks from Fan prevented Yang Xuangan from being able to cut Qutu and Yuwen off at the Yellow River, allowing them to cross. Yang Xuangan was soon losing battles, and under the suggestion of Li Zixiong (李子雄) and Li Mi, he decided to falsely declare that Yuan Hongsi (元弘嗣), the general in command at Honghua (弘化, in modern Qingyang, Gansu), was joining his cause, and that he was going to meet with Yuan.
In fall 613, Yang Xuangan thus lifted the siege on Luoyang, and headed west. On the way, however, he was tempted by the people of Hongnong (弘農, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), who opined that Hongnong would be easily captured and could be held. Further, the governor of Hongnong Commandery, Emperor Yang's cousin Yang Zhiji (楊智積) the Prince of Cai, was intentionally insulting Yang Xuangan to enrage him. In anger, Yang Xuangan put Hongnong under siege, despite Li Mi's pleas that he was endangering his campaign by proceeding slowly. Yang Xuangan put Hongnong under siege for three days but could not capture it, and therefore had to continue to head west. By this point, the Sui forces commanded by Yuwen, Wei, Lai, and Qutu had caught up to him, and were dealing him defeats, and his forces collapsed. Yang Xuangan and his brother Yang Jishan fled to Jialurong (葭蘆戎, also in modern Sanmenxia) on foot, and Yang Xuangan, realizing that they were about to be captured and not wanting to be captured, asked Yang Jishan to kill him. Yang Jishan did so, and then tried to commit suicide, but before he could die, he was captured and delivered to Emperor Yang, along with Yang Xuangan's head. Emperor Yang ordered that Yang Xuangan's body be cut into pieces and then ground and burned. All of Yang Xuangan's brothers were executed.

</doc>
<doc id="9704122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704122" title="Market (2003 film)">
Market (2003 film)

Market is a 2003 film directed by Jay Prakash and starring Manisha Koirala. The film follows the story of Muskaan Bano (Manisha Koirala) from her life in Indian brothels after being sold there by her Arab husband to her attempts at revenge later in life. The film garnered a decent opening and was a surprise success of the year. 
It was declared "Average" at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="9704132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704132" title="Hoodoo">
Hoodoo

Hoodoo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9704140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704140" title="The Gruesomes (fictional characters)">
The Gruesomes (fictional characters)

The Gruesomes are a family of fictional characters who appeared on "The Flintstones" television series. They debuted in 1964 during the show's fifth season. They are similar to other monster families who appeared on television during the same time period, including "The Addams Family" and "The Munsters".
A modern version of the family, renamed The Creepleys, appeared on the "Laff-A-Lympics" series.
Character history.
Inspired by a previous Hanna Barbera monster family, Mr. & Mrs. J. Evil Scientist, the Gruesomes are a family consisting of married couple Weirdly and Creepella, and their son Goblin (AKA Gobby). Also living with the Gruesomes is Uncle Ghastly who is only seen as a hand and a shadow in "Meet the Gruesomes" and a hand coming from a well in "The Hatrocks and the Gruesomes" (he is also heard for the only time as a terrifying and creepy laugh in "The Hatrocks and the Gruesomes").
They first appear in an episode of "The Flintstones" titled "The Gruesomes". In this episode, Weirdly and Creepella Gruesome (voiced by Howard Morris and Naomi Lewis), along with their son Gobby, move into Tombstone Manor which is next door to the Flintstones. Trying to be neighborly, Fred and Barney agree to babysit Gobby, whose strange pets (including Schneider the spider and Occy the octopus) make for a tortuously eventful evening.
The family reappears in the episode "The Hatrocks and the Gruesomes". The Hatrocks, who are hillbilly friends of Fred, come to visit but soon become an annoyance to everyone. Fred enlists the Gruesomes to scare them away, but they are unsuccessful, because the Hatrocks are immune to horror. Fred finally discovers The Hatrocks' aversion to rock /pop music AKA "Bug Music" by the group " The Four Insects" ( A parody of The Beatles),and uses it to chase them back to the hills. This episode includes Fred, Wilma, Barney, Betty, Pebbles, Bamm Bamm, Dino, Hoppy and the Gruesome singing "She Said Yeah Yeah Yeah", a parody of The Beatles' song "She Loves You".
After "The Flintstones" ended, the Gruesomes returned for a final appearance on "The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show" (1971) with Weirdly Gruesome voiced by Don Messick and Creepella Gruesome voiced by Jean Vander Pyl. In the episode "The Birthday Present", Wooly (Pebbles' elephantine prehistoric pet, presumably a woolly mammoth or a mastodon) takes the gift that Pebbles had bought for her mom and buries it in the back yard. Pebbles believes it is stolen by her neighbor the creepy Mrs. Gruesome, so she offers to babysit Gobby for the Gruesomes so that the kids can infiltrate the Gruesome mansion and search for the gift. Thinking that Mrs. Gruesome may have Wilma's gift with her, the gang then crashes a Gruesome family reunion, and Bamm-Bamm is mistaken for a cat burglar. The misunderstanding is cleared in the end and per her mother's birthday wish, Pebbles vows to judge people more fairly.
The family differs greatly in their appearance on "The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show" appearance compared to their prior appearances on "The Flintstones". On "The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show", Creepella has Caucasian skin and black hair (in contrast to the green skin and red hair shown previously on "The Flintstones"), and speaks with a faux-Transylvanian accent instead of her traditionally high-pitched voice. It is this version of the character that the modern-age villainous "Laff-A-Lympics" character Mrs. Creepley is based upon. Weirdly and Gobby also differ in appearance; Weirdly's green skin has a muddier tone and his hair is changed from dark green to light brown on "The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show", while Gobby is changed from having light blue skin and purple hair to pale green skin and bright blond hair. In a further lapse in continuity from their prior appearances on "The Flintstones", Gobby is still depicted as a child on "The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show" and has not grown into a teenager, even though he was depicted as a couple years older than Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm during the family's original appearances. Additionally, Pebbles perceives the family as scary and untrustworthy, even though they had previously been depicted as strange but harmless friends of the Flintstones and Rubbles.
The Gruesomes are replaced in later spin-off series by The Frankenstones, another monster-themed family who move next door to the Flintstones.
The Creepleys.
In 1977, a family similar to the Gruesomes were introduced as part of the "Laff-A-Lympics" segment on "Scooby's All-Star Laff-A-Lympics". The Creepleys consist of Mr. Creepley, Mrs. Creepley, and their son Junior Creepley. They are members of the Really Rottens team.
They appeared in the 1978 "Laff-A-Lympics" comic book series by Marvel Comics.
Cultural impact.
The Canadian 60's-inspired garage-rock band The Gruesomes took their name after the animated family.

</doc>
<doc id="9704143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704143" title="Canonization of the Romanovs">
Canonization of the Romanovs

Canonization of the Romanovs: Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, his wife Tsarina Alexandra, and their five children Olga, Tatiana, Maria, Anastasia, and Alexei are saints of the Orthodox Church (variously designated as new martyrs by the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad and as passion bearers elsewhere in the Russian Orthodox Church). The family was killed on 17 July 1918 by the Bolsheviks at the Ipatiev House in Yekaterinburg, Russia; the site of their execution is now beneath the altar of the The Church on Blood.
The family was canonized on 1 November 1981 as new martyrs by the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad. They were canonized along with their servants, who had been killed along with them. The canonized servants were their court physician, Yevgeny Botkin; their footman Alexei Trupp; their cook, Ivan Kharitonov; and Alexandra's maid, Anna Demidova. Also canonized were two servants killed in September 1918, lady in waiting Anastasia Hendrikova and tutor Catherine Adolphovna Schneider. All were canonized as victims of oppression by the Bolsheviks. The Russian Orthodox Church did not canonize the servants, two of whom were not Russian Orthodox: Alexei Trupp was Roman Catholic and Catherine Adolphovna Schneider was Lutheran.
Alexandra's sister, Grand Duchess Elizabeth Fyodorovna, who was murdered by the Bolsheviks on 18 July 1918, was canonized on 1 November 1981 as New-Martyr Elizabeth by the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad, along with Prince Ioann Konstantinovich of Russia, Prince Igor Konstantinovich of Russia, Prince Konstantine Konstantinovich of Russia, Grand Duke Sergey Mikhaylovich of Russia, and Prince Vladimir Pavlovich Paley, and Elizabeth's faithful companion, Sister Varvara Yakovleva, who were all killed with her. Fyodor Remez, Grand Duke Sergei's personal secretary, who was killed as well, was not canonized. They are known as the Martyrs of Alapaevsk.
In 1992, Grand Duchess Elizabeth Fyodorovna and Varvara Yakovleva were canonized as New-Martyr Elizabeth and New-Martyr Barbara by the Moscow Patriarchate (the Orthodox Church inside Russia). The grand dukes and others killed with them were not canonized. 
On 20 August 2000, after much debate, the Romanov family was canonized as passion bearers by the Moscow Patriarchate. 
Controversy.
The canonizations were controversial for both branches of the Russian Orthodox Church. In 1981, opponents noted Nicholas II's perceived weaknesses as a ruler and felt his actions led to the resulting Bolshevik Revolution. One priest of the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad noted that martyrdom in the Russian Orthodox Church has nothing to do with the martyr's personal actions but is instead related to why he or she was killed. Other critics noted that the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad appeared to be blaming Jewish revolutionaries for the deaths and equating the political assassination with a ritual murder.
There were those who rejected the family's classification as martyrs because they were not killed because of their religious faith. There was no proof that the execution was a ritual murder. Religious leaders in both churches also had objections to canonizing the Tsar's family because they perceived him as a weak emperor whose incompetence led to the revolution, the suffering of his people and made him at least partially responsible for his own murder and the murders of his wife and children. For these opponents, the fact that the Tsar was, in private life, a kind man and a good husband and father did not override his poor governance of Russia. 
The Moscow Patriarchate ultimately canonized the family as passion bearers: people who face death with resignation, in a Christ-like manner, as distinguished from martyrs, the latter killed explicitly for their faith. Proponents cited previous Tsars and Tsareviches who had been canonized as passion bearers, such as Tsarevich Dimitri, murdered at the end of the sixteenth century, as setting a precedent for the canonization of the Romanov family. They noted the piety of the family and reports that the Tsarina and her eldest daughter Olga prayed and attempted to make the sign of the cross immediately before they died.
Despite their official designation as "passion-bearers" by the August 2000 Council, they are nevertheless spoken of as "martyrs" in Church publications, icons, and in popular veneration by the people.
The bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, Tsarina Alexandra, and three of their daughters were finally interred at St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in St. Petersburg on 17 July 1998, eighty years after they were murdered. The bodies of Alexei and one of his sisters were at the time missing. On 23 August 2007, a Russian archaeologist announced the discovery of two burned, partial skeletons at a bonfire site at Ganina Yama near Yekaterinburg that appeared to match the site described in assassin Yakov Yurovsky's memoirs. The archaeologists said the bones are from a boy who was roughly between the ages of ten and thirteen years at the time of his death and of a young woman who was roughly between the ages of eighteen and twenty-three years old. Anastasia was seventeen years, one month old at the time of the assassination, while her sister Maria was nineteen years, one month old and her brother Alexei was two weeks shy of his fourteenth birthday. Anastasia's elder sisters Olga and Tatiana were twenty-two and twenty-one years old at the time of the assassination. Along with the remains of the two bodies, archaeologists found "shards of a container of sulfuric acid, nails, metal strips from a wooden box, and bullets of various caliber." The bones were found using metal detectors and metal rods as probes. 
Preliminary testing indicated a "high degree of probability" that the remains belong to the Tsarevich Alexei and to one of his sisters, Russian forensic scientists announced on 22 January 2008. The Yekaterinburg region's chief forensic expert Nikolai Nevolin indicated the results would be compared against those obtained by foreign experts. On April 30, 2008, Russian forensic scientists announced that DNA testing proves that the remains belong to the Tsarevich Alexei and to one of his sisters. With this result, all of the Tsar's family are accounted for.
Since the late 20th century, believers have attributed healing from illnesses or conversion to the Orthodox Church to their prayers to Maria and Alexei, as well as to the rest of the family.

</doc>
<doc id="9704144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704144" title="Gabriel Rossi">
Gabriel Rossi

Gabriel Rossi (born 3 February 1971, Orbost, Victoria) is an Italian Australian comedian living in Melbourne.
His comedy focuses on stereotypes of ethnicities and various Melbourne suburbs. He often includes music in his stand-up comedy shows, playing acoustic guitar.
Stand-up shows.
Rossi made his debut appearance as a stand-up comic on the gruelling Melbourne pub circuit in 1996.
In 1998, Rossi was a Victorian finalist in the Triple J Raw Comedy stand-up competition.
Rossi first appeared in the Melbourne International Comedy Festival in 2000 in a show entitled "Melbourne: the Musical." He appeared again in "Reservoir Wogs" in 2004, receiving a 5-star review in the Herald Sun, and "Gift of the Gab" in 2006, lauded as "offering witty and candid perceptions of sexist and racist behaviour" and "refreshingly new" by The Age.
In 2000, following his Melbourne International Comedy Festival show, Rossi toured Perth, Adelaide, Sydney, Melbourne and country Victoria with fellow Italian Australian comedian Joe Avati.
In 2005, Rossi performed as part of the "Show Us Your Roots" tour, and was included in the DVD release of the show.
In addition to touring various clubs and hotels in suburban Melbourne, Rossi also performs for corporate functions.
Media appearances.
Since 1999, Rossi has made various appearances on radio and television. 
In 1999, Rossi had a brief stint performing song parodies on breakfast radio on TTFM.
His television appearances included stand-up gigs broadcast on the "Champagne Comedy" and "The Comic Box" programs on Channel 31, both as a host and comedian.
He also hosted "The Lygon Factor", a series on the Italian Australian community in Melbourne interjected with Rossi's own comedy, airing in 2006, again on Channel 31.
Rossi has released his own DVD, "Reservoir Wogs: Live on Stage", based on his "Reservoir Wogs" comedy show and including excerpts from "The Lygon Factor" program.

</doc>
<doc id="9704199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704199" title="List of harvest festivals">
List of harvest festivals

This is a list of Harvest festivals around the world. A Harvest Festival is an annual celebration which occurs around the time of the main harvest of a given region. Given the differences in climate and crops around the world, harvest festivals can be found at various times throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9704235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704235" title="Llibre dels fets">
Llibre dels fets

The Llibre dels fets (. Original spelling: Libre dels feyts (literally in English: 'Book of Deeds'), is a collection of autobiographical chronicles of the reign (1213 – 1276) of James the Conqueror, King of Aragon and Count of Barcelona. It is written in Catalan in the first person and describes the life of James. Though written at his dictation and with his editing, the work was not James', but was written by scribes. The language of the works is popular and colloquial, representing the spoken tongue. The style is direct.

</doc>
<doc id="9704239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704239" title="A Contention for Honor and Riches">
A Contention for Honor and Riches

A Contention for Honor and Riches is a Caroline era stage play, a short drama or interlude written by James Shirley and first published in 1633. Generally classed as a morality play, it illustrates the continuing influence of archaic forms of drama on the relatively "sophisticated" or even "decadent" theatre of the Caroline era.
The play was entered into the Stationers' Register on November 9, 1632 and was published the following year in quarto by the bookseller William Cooke, who issued many of Shirley's plays in the 1630s, either alone or in partnership with Andrew Crooke. Shirley dedicated the volume to Edward Golding, of Colston, Northamptonshire, a personal friend. No data on the play's theatrical history has survived; it is not known when, or even if, the work was ever staged. The most likely date for the play's authorship may be 1630. The existing play, "A moral masque in three scenes," was later reworked and expanded by the author into a full five-act drama, and eventually published in 1659 under the title "Honoria and Mammon." 
1630 was relatively late in the history of English Renaissance theatre for a morality play — though the form, while unfashionable, was not entirely extinct in Shirley's era. Late examples include "Four Plays in One" (c. 1608–13), from the canon of John Fletcher, and "The Sun's Darling" (1624), a collaboration between Thomas Dekker and John Ford. As is often the case in the morality form, the characters in Shirley's "Contention" are known by generic titles more than personal names: Lady Honor, Lady Riches, Ingenuity, Gettings, the Courtier, the Soldier, the Vice, etc. (In the later expansion, "Honoria and Mammon," the same characters are given personal names.)
Synopsis.
At the start of the play, Ingenuity, a scholar, pays court to the Lady Riches, but the two quarrel. The Lady's other suitors, Gettings and Clod (Clod represents country gentlemen, while Gettings represents the London merchant class), also quarrel — not with their Lady but with each other. The outcome of their dispute is that Clod challenges Gettings to a duel. Lady Honor also has her suitors — in her case, the Courtier and Soldier ply their suits to her while Ingenuity watches. After Honor and Ingenuity have left them alone, the Courtier and Soldier also argue, and are about to fight, when their nemeses Honesty and No-Pay enter and scare them off.
Next, Gettings and Clod are shown on the "field of honor," about to start their duel. But they too are interrupted: Long Vacation and Foul-Weather-in-Harvest enter, and the two suitor/duellists reconcile because of their fear of these figures. (Long Vacation refers to the period at the end of the legal year in August and September, when business in the City of London is slack.) Lady Riches shows up, and accepts Gettings as her intended husband — but grants a reversion of the office of husband to Clod. The Soldier and Courtier also turn up, searching for Honor — but they are distracted by the presence of Riches. Finally Honor and Inegnuity arrive to complete the cast: everyone else is surprised to learn that Inegnuity and Honor are now married — though the news prompts a general reconciliation among all the members of the group.

</doc>
<doc id="9704250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704250" title="Yang Yichen (Sui dynasty)">
Yang Yichen (Sui dynasty)

Yang Yichen (; died 617?), né Yuchi Yichen (尉遲義臣), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty. During the late reign of Emperor Yang, Yang Yichen was one of the few Sui generals having success against agrarian rebels, but in 616, Emperor Yang, suspicious of Yang Yichen's abilities, removed him from his military position, and thereafter the agrarian rebels went unchecked. Yang Yichen died soon afterwards.
Background.
Yang Yichen's father Yuchi Chong (尉遲崇) was ethnically Xianbei and a distant relative of the general Yuchi Jiong. Yuchi Chong was a general during Northern Zhou and had his defense post at Mount Heng. At that time, the general Yang Jian was the commandant at nearby Ding Province (定州, roughly near Baoding, Hebei), and Yuchi Chong, believing Yang Jian to have great ambitions, befriended Yang Jian. After Yang Jian seized power as regent in 580, Yuchi Jiong, suspicious of Yang Jian's intentions, rebelled at Xiang Province (相州, roughly modern Handan, Hebei). When Yuchi Chong heard this, as he was a relative of Yuchi Jiong's, he threw himself into jail and begged Yang Jian for forgiveness. Yang Jian pardoned him and ordered him to report to the capital Chang'an to serve as one of Yang Jian's assistants. After Yang Jian seized the throne from Emperor Jing of Northern Zhou in 581, ending Northern Zhou and establishing Sui Dynasty as its Emperor Wen, he created Yuchi Chong the Duke of Qinxing. In 582, Yuchi Chong served under Daxi Zhangru (達奚長儒) in a campaign against Tujue's Shabolüe Khan Ashina Shetu, and while Daxi achieved victory, Yuchi died in the battle.
At the time that Yuchi Chong died, his son Yuchi Yichen was said to be still young. Emperor Wen took Yuchi Yichen into the palace and raised him there, allowing him to inherit his father's titles. After he became a teenager, he served in the palace guard corps, and when Emperor Wen saw him, he was reminded of Yuchi Chong's contributions. He therefore issued an edict giving Yuchi Yichen a moderate amount of wealth, while bestowing the imperial clan surname of Yang on him and conferring him the status of the emperor's grandnephew. Soon afterwards, Emperor Wen made him the governor of Shan Province (陝州, roughly modern Sanmenxia, Henan).
Service during Emperor Wen's reign.
Yang Yichen was considered to be honest and careful, with military leadership qualities, and Emperor Wen respected him. In 599, when Tujue's Bujia Khan Ashina Dianjue attacked, Yang Yichen was sent to face Tujue forces, and he repelled them. In 600, in conjunction with Shi Wansui (史萬歲) the Duke of Taiping, he dealt Ashina Dianjue a major defeat. However, later that year, Shi was executed after false accusations by Yang Su, and Yang Yichen was not rewarded for his contributions. Sometime during Emperor Wen's late reign -- the "Renshou" era (601-604), Yang Yichen was promoted to be the commandant at Shuo Province (朔州, roughly modern Shuozhou, Shanxi).
During Emperor Yang's reign.
In 604, Emperor Wen died -- a death that traditional historians, while admitting a lack of direct evidence, generally believe to be a murder ordered by his son, Yang Guang the Crown Prince. Yang Guang took the throne as Emperor Yang. Soon afterwards, Emperor Yang's younger brother Yang Liang the Prince of Han rose in rebellion at Bing Province (并州, roughly modern Taiyuan, Shanxi). Yang Liang's general Qiao Zhongkui (喬鍾葵) afterwards put Li Jing (李景), the commandant of Dai Province (代州, roughly modern Xinzhou, Shanxi), who remained loyal to Emperor Yang, under siege. Emperor Yang ordered Yang Yichen to try to lift the siege against Li, and Yang Yichen was successful in defeating Qiao. After Yang Liang was defeated and forced to surrender to Yang Su, Yang Yichen was given material rewards and made the governor of Xiang Province. In 607, Emperor Yang recalled him to be the director of imperial clan affairs, and later the director of husbandry affairs.
In 609, Yang Yichen served as a general in the largely successful campaign against Tuyuhun. In 612, he also served in Emperor Yang's first campaign against Goguryeo, commanding part of the force under Yuwen Shu the Duke of Xu that aimed to penetrate deep into Goguryeo territory, against its capital Pyongyang. While Yang Yichen was personally successful, the campaign was itself a major failure, and as a result, Yang Yichen was removed from his post. However, Emperor Yang soon restored him, and in 613, when Emperor Yang launched a second campaign against Tuyuhun, Yang Yichen again served under Yuwen in an attempt to attack Pyongyang, but when news arrived that Yang Su's son Yang Xuangan had rebelled near the eastern capital Luoyang the campaign was abandoned. Afterwards, with much of Sui territory engulfed in agrarian rebellions, Yang Yichen was sent against the rebel leader Xiang Haiming (向海明), who had claimed imperial title near Chang'an, and Yang Yichen defeated Xiang.
In 616, Emperor Yang sent Yang Yichen against another major rebel leader, Zhang Jincheng (張金稱), and Yang, after lulling Zhang into a sense of security, defeated him and forced him to flee, allowing another Sui general, Yang Shanhui (楊善會), to capture and execute Zhang. Yang Yichen then engaged another major rebel leader, Gao Shida (高士達), who had claimed the title of Duke of Donghai. Around the new year 617, Gao, going against the advice of his subordinate Dou Jiande, engaged Yang Yichen, and Yang Yichen defeated and killed Gao and nearly captured Dou. However, believing that Dou to not pose a further threat, he did not pursue Dou further.
Meanwhile, Emperor Yang and the prime minister Yu Shiji had become suspicious of Yang Yichen after his victories. Emperor Yang summoned Yang Yichen to his then-location at Jiangdu (江都, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu) and, ostensibly promoting him, made him the minister of ceremonies, while disbanding his troops. Yang Yichen died soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="9704258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704258" title="Keshet (organization)">
Keshet (organization)

Keshet ( "keshet", lit. "rainbow") is a national grassroots organization with offices in Boston, Denver, and the San Francisco Bay Area that works for the full equality and inclusion of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Jews in Jewish life. Led and supported by LGBT Jews and straight allies, Keshet offers resources, trainings, and technical assistance to create inclusive Jewish communities nationwide. Keshet produced the documentary "Hineini: Coming Out in a Jewish High School" and companion curriculum.
On June 18, 2010, it was announced that Jewish Mosaic, another American Jewish LGBT organization, would merge with Keshet, with the post-merger organization retaining the name "Keshet". The merger was aided through a grant from the Charles and Lynn Schusterman Family Foundation. Jewish Mosaic was included in the 2005 and 2006 editions of “Slingshot,” a guide to 50 “of the most creative and effective Jewish organizations” in America.
National programs.
The Hineini Education Project.
The Hineini Education Project trains and supports Jewish educators, clergy, program staff, youth, and lay leaders to ensure that GLBT youth, families, and staff are safe and affirmed in all Jewish educational and community settings. The Hineini Education Project has three major components:
Jewish Safe Schools & Supportive Communities.
Individualized staff development trainings, consultations, and workshops that teach concrete strategies for combating anti-GLBT bias, supporting GLBT youth, and creating fully inclusive experiences for all Jewish youth and families. Keshet also runs two intensive Training Institutes annually for Jewish educators and community leaders. Participants are given the tools and guidance to replicate the trainings in their own communities. Keshet also has partnership with Rabbi Steve Greenberg, the first and only openly gay Orthodox rabbi, Keshet’s Rabbi-in-Residence.
Film Screenings and Facilitated Workshops.
Opportunities to use the Keshet-produced documentary film "Hineini: Coming Out in a Jewish High School" to explore issues of identity, gender and sexual orientation, Jewish pluralism, Jewish perspectives on homosexuality and gender diversity, and youth-led activism.
"Hineini" Curriculum Resource Guide.
A companion to the film "Hineini" that equips Jewish educators with resources to integrate GLBT issues into a wide range of programs and curricula, including Jewish text study history, social studies, health education, or a youth group retreat on diversity in the Jewish community. The materials can be used in both formal and informal educational settings with youth in grades 7-12.
Building Capacity for LGBT Jewish Inclusion.
Training and technical support for emerging Jewish LGBT groups to replicate Keshet’s Jewish Safe Schools & Supportive Communities Program and build local capacity for fostering inclusion. JPride (San Diego), The Jewish Gay Network of Michigan (Detroit), and JQ International (Los Angeles) are Keshet’s first affiliated partners.
KeshetClal Inclusion Project.
Responding to changes in Conservative halakha regarding the status of gays and lesbians, Keshet and Rabbi Steve Greenberg have joined together to create an integrated program that combines a text-based, halakhic approach to GLBT inclusion with Keshet’s experiential, skills-based Jewish Safe Schools & Supportive Communities trainings. This synthesized approach offers rabbis, lay leaders, and educators concrete skills for understanding and supporting GLBT experience in the context of traditional Judaism.
Massachusetts programs.
Transgender Working Group (TWiG).
A support and social group for transgender Jews and allies. TWiG also offers educational programs on transgender issues and fosters trans inclusion in Keshet and in the broader Jewish community.

</doc>
<doc id="9704265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704265" title="Hua Hin Airport">
Hua Hin Airport

Hua Hin Airport () is an airport serving Hua Hin, a town in the Prachuap Khiri Khan Province of Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9704266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704266" title="Prophet (Jerusalem album)">
Prophet (Jerusalem album)

Prophet is the sixth studio album, and the tenth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. It was released simultaneously by Viva Records in Europe, R.E.X. Records in North America, and X ZERO Corporation in Japan. 
Track listing.
All music by Jerusalem, lyrics by Ulf Christiansson.

</doc>
<doc id="9704276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704276" title="Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park">
Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park

Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park is a racino in Northfield, Ohio, U.S.A., a community near Cleveland. Northfield Park conducts more than 200 race nights each year.
History.
Originally constructed in 1934 by Al Capone, Northfield Park racetrack, then known as Sportsman Park with a focus on midget car racing. After 20 years as a successful car racing facility, interest began to wane and in 1956, Sportsman Park was demolished to make way for what would eventually become one of the nation's premier harness racing tracks under the leadership of Carl Milstein, a well known real estate developer and businessman. Carl Milstein purchased the track in 1972 with New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner. 
The tracks' top race, The Battle of Lake Erie, has featured some of the greatest pacers in history including Jaguar Spur, Gallo Blue Chip, Falcon Seelster and Riyadh. in 2007, the race was won by World Champion Maltese Artist, driven by Brett Miller in a world record time of 1:49.4 for the mile. 
The track's nickname is "The Home of the Flying Turns" and its motto "Every nineteen minutes the place goes crazy"
Trackside Lounge.
In the spring of 2008 Northfield Park constructed the Trackside Lounge. Trackside at Northfield Park is a state-of-the-art Sports Bar, featuring three-dozen flat-screen television monitors, private seating areas, full bar service and snack menu. In addition to Northfield’s full simulcast agenda, Trackside broadcasts major sporting events including Indians, Cavs and Browns games, March madness, the World Series, Super Bowl, NASCAR and more. The Trackside Barbecue features award-winning ribs, pulled pork sandwiches and more, and food from the barbecue can be brought into the Trackside Lounge, or eaten in the barbecue tent pavilion.
The RaceBook, a $600,000 companion renovation, mirrors the Trackside Lounge's design and elements, featuring hundreds of flat-screen tvs and private TV carrels or workstations. The RaceBook is the highlight of the track's simulcast area, where patrons wager on races from other tracks from around the world.
Cedar Downs.
Cedar Downs is the only off-track betting parlor in the State of Ohio and is owned and operated by Northfield Park. Cedar Downs is located in Sandusky, Ohio. Northfield purchased the facility, located at the entrance to the Cedar Point Causeway, in the summer of 2005. It had previously been operated by Raceway Park, a Toledo, Ohio, harness track.
Slot machines.
A unsuccessful measure on the Ohio election ballots in November 2006 would have legalized slot machines in Ohio, many of which would be located at racetracks in the state The state legislature is now considering allowing Instant Racing machines that look like slot machines but actually involve handicapping videos of previous races, with parimutuel wagering. These machines have doubled purses in Arkansas, where they were first developed. In early 2009, the Ohio Legislature initiated legislation that would allow each of the state's seven tracks, including Northfield, to install 2,000 slot machines under guidelines developed by the Ohio State Racing Commission. In July 2009, slot machines were approved, and will be installed at Northfield Park pending the approval of Governor John Kasich. Northfield Park's owner Brock Milstein contributed over $500,000 to the campaign to legalize slot machines. The facility will be known as the Hard Rock Northfield Park Racino. The racino opened on December 18, 2013 with 2,300 video lottery terminals.

</doc>
<doc id="9704282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704282" title="Paul Howard (American football)">
Paul Howard (American football)

Paul Eugene Howard (born 1950-09-12 in San Jose, California) is a former guard in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos.
External links.
graduated from Central Valley High School out of Shasta lake California .went to brigam young university.

</doc>
<doc id="9704316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704316" title="Poor Boy's Game">
Poor Boy's Game

"Poor Boy's Game" is a Canadian feature film directed by Clement Virgo. Co-written with Nova Scotian writer/director Chaz Thorne ("Just Buried"), it is the story of class struggle, racial tensions and boxing, set in the Canadian east coast port city of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The film premiered on February 11, 2007, at the Berlin International Film Festival. The movie stars Danny Glover, Rossif Sutherland, Greg Bryk, Flex Alexander and Laura Regan.
"Poor Boy's Game" opened in Halifax cinemas on November 9, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9704324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704324" title="1959–60 British Home Championship">
1959–60 British Home Championship

The 1959-60 British Home Championship football tournament was played by the British Home Nations throughout the 1959–60 season and was shared between three of the competing teams at the expense of Northern Ireland. Football at the United Kingdom was at a low point in 1959 and 1960, following the failure of the national sides (except Wales and Northern Ireland), to perform well in the 1958 FIFA World Cup two years before. A part of the problem involved the deaths of senior members of all four national sides at the Munich air disaster in early 1958. England had also suffered a further loss of confidence following poor form in a pre-season tour of the Americas, losing three games in a row to Brazil, Peru 4–1 and Mexico. An 8–1 victory over a weak United States in the final match did little to raise their spirits.
The title was shared between three teams who were unable to beat each other but all managed a victory over the hapless Irish. The Scots started well, with a 4–0 drubbing of their opponents in Belfast whilst the English and Welsh played out a tame draw. This set the tone for the tournament, with the Irish losing their subsequent matches with more respectable scorelines but still unable to gain a point. The Scots could not capitalise on their good start and were held by England and Wales in their subsequent matches whilst the Welsh took their draws and narrowly beat Northern Ireland in their last match to claim their own third share of the title. Goal difference was not at this stage used to differentiate between the teams. if it had been, Scotland would have won with Wales and England again tied for second.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9704331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704331" title="Vince Demuzio">
Vince Demuzio

Vince Demuzio (May 7, 1941 – April 27, 2004) was an Illinois State Senator who died while in office. He was first elected in 1974 in an upset against Senator Junie Bartulis. At the time of his death, he was the most senior member of the Illinois Senate. He had once been chair of the Illinois Democratic Party.
Demuzio died after a battle with colon cancer which included surgery in early 2004. Demuzio resided in Carlinville, Illinois, and after his death, his seat was filled by wife Deanna Demuzio. A section of I-55 south of Springfield, Illinois is named after him. His protege Andy Manar was elected to the state senate in 2012.
Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich was late to Demuzio's funeral, so in his stead Lieutenant Governor Pat Quinn presented a flag to Deanna Demuzio.

</doc>
<doc id="9704344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704344" title="14th Avenue">
14th Avenue

14th Avenue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9704374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704374" title="Centre Street">
Centre Street

Here is a list of Centre Streets worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="9704399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704399" title="Yuwen Shu">
Yuwen Shu

Yuwen Shu (宇文述) (died 616), courtesy name Botong (伯通), formally Duke Gong of Xu (許恭公), was an official and general of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty. He was a confidant of Emperor Yang (Yang Guang) and was instrumental in Yang Guang's displacement of his brother Yang Yong as crown prince; therefore, after Yang Guang became emperor, Yuwen Shu became exceedingly powerful and was one of two generals who spearheaded Yangdi's efforts in the Goguryeo-Sui Wars. His son Yuwen Huaji later led a coup against Emperor Yang in 618 and, after killing Emperor Yang, briefly claimed imperial title in 619, but was soon captured and killed. Another son of Yuwen Shu, Yuwen Shiji, however, was a friend of Tang Dynasty's founder Li Yuan (Emperor Gaozu), and after Li Yuan established Tang remained an influential official.
Background.
Yuwen Shu's ancestors were originally named Poyetou (破野頭) and were ethnically Xianbei. As they became followers of the Yuwen branch of the Xianbei, their names were named to Yuwen. His great-great-grandfather Yuwen Juyudun (宇文侰與敦), great-grandfather Yuwen Changshou (宇文長壽), and grandfather Yuwen Gu (宇文孤) all served under Northern Wei as army officers at Woye Garrison (沃野, in modern Bayan Nur, Inner Mongolia). Yuwen Shu's father Yuwen Sheng (宇文盛) was a general under Northern Zhou and eventually served as the minister of imperial clan affairs, one of the six main ministers under Northern Zhou's six-department governmental structure.
It is not known when Yuwen Shu was born. When he was young, he became known for his skills at riding and archery. Because of his father's achievements, during the reign of Emperor Wu of Northern Zhou, he was made a mid-level governmental official. He was much favored by Emperor Wu's regent Yuwen Hu, and he became a commander of Yuwen Hu's personal guards. After Emperor Wu killed Yuwen Hu and personally took power in 572, he made Yuwen Shu the deputy minister of imperial clan affairs, and eventually, he was created the Duke of Boling, and then the Duke of Puyang.
In 580, after the death of Emperor Wu's son and successor Emperor Xuan, Emperor Xuan's father-in-law Yang Jian seized power as regent, and the general Yuchi Jiong, suspicious of Yang's intentions, rose against him at Xiang Province (相州, roughly modern Handan, Hebei). Yang sent the general Wei Xiaokuan against Yuchi, and Yuwen served under Wei. He defeated Yuchi's general Li Jun (李雋), and later, with other generals, defeated Yuchi's son Yuchi Dun (尉遲惇). Eventually, after Wei was victorious over Yuchi Jiong, forcing Yuchi Jiong to commit suicide, Yuwen's title was promoted to Duke of Bao.
During Emperor Wen's reign.
In 681, Yang Jian had Emperor Xuan's young son Emperor Jing yield the throne to him, ending Northern Zhou and starting Sui Dynasty as its Emperor Wen. Yuwen Shu served as a general for Sui. In winter 688, when Emperor Wen launched a major attack on rival Chen Dynasty, Yuwen Shu participated in the campaign, and after the generals Han Qinhu (韓擒虎) and Heruo Bi (賀若弼) crossed the Yangtze River to attack the Chen capital Jiankang, Yuwen advanced to the nearby fortress of Shitou to aid Han and Heruo. After Heruo and Han captured Jiankang and the Chen emperor Chen Shubao, the Chen generals Xiao Huan (蕭瓛) and Xiao Yan (蕭巖) were holding out in modern Zhejiang. Yuwen was sent, along with Yan Rong (燕榮), to attack Xiao Huan and Xiao Yan, and he defeated Xiao Huan and forced Xiao Yan to surrender. After the completion of the campaign, in recognition of his contributions, Emperor Wen gave his son Yuwen Huaji a mid-level governmental post, while making Yuwen Shu himself the commandant at An Province (安州, roughly modern Xiaogan, Hubei).
After the campaign against Chen, Emperor Wen's son Yang Guang the Prince of Jin, who was in overall command of the campaign against Chen, became the commandant at Yang Province (揚州, roughly modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu). Yuwen Shu was friendly with Yang Guang, and Yang Guang, whose ambitions included displacing his older brother Yang Yong the Crown Prince as his father's heir, therefore requested in 600 and received Emperor Wen's approval to have Yuwen's command post moved to Shou Province (壽州, roughly modern Lu'an, Anhui), closer to Yang Guang's post. At one point, Yang Guang consulted Yuwen Shu as to how he could displace his brother. Yuwen suggested entering an alliance with the powerful official Yang Su -- and forming the relationship with Yang Su through Yang Su's brother and confidant Yang Yue (楊約). Yang Guang therefore gave Yuwen much treasure and had him go to the capital Chang'an to try to meet Yang Yue. Yuwen offered some of the treasures pillaged from Chen to Yang Yue, and then also intentionally lost to Yang Yue when the gambled. After he had become sufficiently familiar to Yang Yue, he revealed to Yang Yue that it was Yang Guang's intent to enter into an alliance with Yang Su -- persuading Yang Yue that given that Yang Su did not have a warm relationship with Yang Yong, his family would be in danger if Yang Yong were to succeed Emperor Wen. Yang Yue, in turn, persuaded Yang Su, who subsequently persuaded Emperor Wen and Emperor Wen's wife Empress Dugu Qieluo that Yang Yong should be deposed. Emperor Wen and Empress Dugu agreed, and in 600 Emperor Wen deposed Yang Yong and replaced him with Yang Guang. Yang Guang made Yuwen Shu a commander of his palace guards and gave his daughter, the Princess Nanyang, to Yuwen Shu's son Yuwen Shiji (宇文士及) in marriage.
In 604, while Emperor Wen was ill, Yuwen Shu was one of the guard commanders that Yang Guang summoned to guard Emperor Wen's vacation palace Renshou Palace (仁壽宮, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi). Emperor Wen soon died -- a death that traditional historians, while admitting a lack of direct evidence, generally believed to be a murder ordered by Yang Guang. Yang Guang then took the throne as Emperor Yang, and he put Yang Yong to death.
During Emperor Yang's reign.
After Emperor Yang took the throne, Yuwen Shu, as one of his confidants, became more and more powerful, eventually becoming one of the most powerful individuals in the realm; Emperor Yang also elevated his title to Duke of Xu. In 607, Yuwen, in order to allow Yun Dingxing (雲定興), the father of Yang Yong's favorite concubine Consort Yun, to join Emperor Yang's regime, persuaded Yun that Yang Yong's sons needed to die, and then persuaded Emperor Yang of the same. Emperor Yang poisoned Yang Yong's oldest son (by Consort Yun), Yang Yan (楊儼) the former Prince of Changning, and exiled Yang Yong's other sons, but eventually had them all killed. It was only after the deaths of Yang Yong's sons that Yuwen was able to recommend Yun to Emperor Yang, who made Yun one of his chief engineers.
In 607, while Emperor Yang was conducting a tour of the northern border, he arrived at Yulin Commandery (榆林, roughly modern Yulin, Shaanxi). Yuwen Shu's sons Yuwen Huaji and Yuwen Zhiji (宇文智及), who were mid-level officials in Emperor Yang's government, secretly conducted forbidden trade with Tujue. Emperor Yang was incensed and ordered that they be executed, but at the last minute spared them, formally awarding them to their father as slaves.
In 608, the official Pei Ju persuaded Tiele to attack Tuyuhun, and after Tiele defeated Tuyuhun, Tuyuhun's Bujiabo Khan Murong Fuyun offered to surrender to Sui. Emperor Yang sent his cousin Yang Xiong (楊雄) the Prince of Ande and Yuwen to rendezvous with Murong Fuyun to accept his surrender, but once Yuwen arrived at Linqiang (臨羌, in modern Xining, Qinghai), Murong Fuyun, fearful of the strength of Yuwen's force, changed his mind and fled west, and Yuwen attacked Tuyuhun's trailing people instead, capturing thousands of Tuyuhun's people. Emperor Yang thus established four commanderies over the former Tuyuhun territory.
In 612, Yuwen Shu participated in Emperor Yang's first campaign against Goguryeo. Emperor Yang's main forces put Goguryeo's key northern city Liaodong (遼東, in modern Liaoyang, Liaoning) under siege (although he was ultimately unable to capture it), but sent Yuwen with a branch army to head deep south, across the Yalu River, heading directly toward the Goguryeo capital Pyongyang. However, on the way, his army ran out of food supplies and was forced to withdraw, and as it did, Goguryeo forces gave chase and crushed him. When Emperor Yang retreated as well, he put Yuwen under imprisonment, but still remembering his relationship with Yuwen, did not execute him, but reduced him to commoner rank. However, soon he had Yuwen's title restored.
In 613, Emperor Yang launched his second campaign against Goguryeo -- and again, he himself headed for Liaodong while ordering Yuwen and Yang Yichen to head for Pyongyang. In the midst of the campaign, however, news arrived that Yang Su's son Yang Xuangan had rebelled near the eastern capital Luoyang. Emperor Yang was forced to abandon the campaign against Goguryeo, and he sent Yuwen and Qutu Tong (屈突通) ahead of himself, to reinforce the forces near Luoyang against Yang Xuangan. Yuwen, Qutu, and the generals defeated Yang Xuangan, and Yang Xuangan fled west, intending to attack Chang'an. Yuwen, Qutu, Wei Wensheng (衛文昇) and Lai Hu'er (來護兒) gave chase, catching up with Yang Xuangan at Hongnong (弘農, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan) and dealt him a final crushing blow. Yang Xuangan tried to flee further, but knowing that he could not escape, had his brother Yang Jishan (楊積善) kill him. Pursuant to Yuwen's suggestions, Emperor Yang had Yang Jishan and Yang Xuangan's strategist Wei Fusi (韋福嗣) put to death in cruel manner.
In 615, Yuwen was involved in a major massacre of a noble clan. While Yuwen was still Emperor Yang's guard commander when Emperor Yang was crown prince, Li Hun (李渾) the son of the senior noble Li Mu (李穆) the Duke of Shen, who had died in 586, had become angry at his nephew Li Yun (李筠), who had inherited the title of Duke of Shen, and he had Li Yun assassinated, while framing his cousin Li Jutan (李瞿曇) for the murder and had Li Jutan executed. He then bribed Yuwen, his brother-in-law, with a promise that if he were allowed to inherit the ducal title, he would give Yuwen half of the stipend received from the fief. Yuwen persuaded the Crown Prince to in turn persuade Emperor Wen to agree, so Li Hun inherited the title. However, after Li Hun received the title, he only paid the bribe for two years and then stopped. Yuwen, resentful of Li Hun's broken promise, planned his revenge. By 615, there had been rumors throughout Sui territory that the next emperor would be named Li. Emperor Yang therefore particularly became suspicious of Li Hun's nephew Li Min (李敏), the husband of his sister Yang Lihua's daughter Yuwen Eying (宇文娥英, who was also the daughter of Northern Zhou's Emperor Xuan, as the Yang Lihua, the Princess Leping, was Emperor Xuan's wife and empress), because Li Min's nickname was "Hong'er" (洪兒), meaning "son of a flood," and Emperor Wen had long ago dreamed that a flood would overflow the capital. Emperor Yang therefore tried to hint to Li Min that he should commit suicide, but Li Min did not. Yuwen Shu then had the official Pei Renji (裴仁基) falsely accuse Li Hun of plotting treason. Emperor Yang put Yuwen Shu in charge of the investigation, and Yuwen Shu manufactured evidence, particularly persuading Yuwen Eying that Emperor Yang would have the Lis executed anyway, and that she should save herself. Yuwen Eying thus wrote a confession implicating both Li Hun and Li Min. Li Hun, Li Min, and 32 of their clansmen were executed, and their other relatives were exiled. Several months later, Yuwen Eying was also poisoned.
In fall 615, while Yuwen accompanied Emperor Yang on a tour of the northern provinces, Tujue's Shibi Khan Ashina Duojishi made a surprise attack and put Emperor Yang's train under siege at Yanmen (雁門, in modern Xinzhou, Shanxi). Yuwen suggested Emperor Yang select a few thousand cavalry soldiers to make a counterattack to break out of the siege, but Su Wei and Fan Zigai (樊子蓋) persuaded Emperor Yang otherwise. Rather, at the suggestion of Emperor Yang's brother-in-law Xiao Yu, Emperor Yang sought aid from the Princess Yicheng -- Ashina Duojishi's wife and a Sui princess. Princess Yicheng falsely reported to Ashina Duojishi that Tujue was under attack from the north, and so Ashina Duojishi withdrew. Su subsequently suggested to Emperor Yang that he return to Chang'an, but at Yuwen's suggestion, Emperor Yang went to Luoyang instead.
In fall 616, while Emperor Yang was inquiring about the status of agrarian rebellions (by this point, most of Sui territory was in fact engulfed in agrarian rebellions), Yuwen, in order to placate him, informed him that the rebellions had largely been suppressed. Su, however, truthfully informed Emperor Yang that the rebellions were causing major problems for Sui rule. Emperor Yang, not happy about the news, soon considered putting Su to death, but eventually only reduced Su to commoner rank.
Soon thereafter, seeing that Emperor Yang wanted to go back to Jiangdu, the capital of Yang Province, Yuwen formally suggested that he does so, and Emperor Yang agreed. Yuwen followed Emperor Yang there, and became ill at Jiangdu. He died in winter 616. Pursuant to his dying wishes, Emperor Yang pardoned Yuwen Huaji and Yuwen Zhiji, returning them to governmental service.

</doc>
<doc id="9704404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704404" title="Hardyston Township School District">
Hardyston Township School District

The Hardyston Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Hardyston Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. 
As of the 2007-08 school year, the district's two schools had an enrollment of 740 students and 49.7 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.9.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "FG", the fourth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 9 - 12, students attend Wallkill Valley Regional High School which consists of Franklin Borough, Hamburg Borough and Ogdensburg Borough, and is part of the Wallkill Valley Regional High School District.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2007-08 enrollment from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="9704407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704407" title="Heart of the Sunrise">
Heart of the Sunrise

"Heart of the Sunrise" is a progressive rock song by British band Yes. It is the closing track on their fourth album, 1971's "Fragile". The compositional credits go to Jon Anderson, Bill Bruford, and Chris Squire, though keyboardist Rick Wakeman contributed some uncredited sections.
The song eventually rose to become the band's fourth most-played song, and appears on "Yessongs", "Classic Yes", "", and many other studio and live retrospectives.
Meaning.
According to Anderson, the song is about being lost in the city. This was explained on many tours. On the Big Generator tour, Anderson says that the song is about the power and energy of the sunrise. In 1978, however, he said the song was about the power of love. Sometimes, he makes other comments. For example, on the October 16, 1971 show, Anderson states that the organ in the song is inaudible and will be performed without it. He further notes that the organ is "one of the best jokes in the business."
Content and structure.
The song begins with a churning, bass-heavy riff that alternates between 6/8 and 3/4 time. After one full sequence, it merges into a new, slightly funky section in 4/4 that lasts for a minute and a half. It afterwards breaks back into three full cycles of the main riff.
At around 3:25, after the final cycle, the song switches to a much softer style, where Jon Anderson begins singing. This section starts in 6/8 but includes many individual sequences, including a quirky 5/8 riff that appears in various speeds and arrangements. The song gradually builds in intensity, eventually including the main riff interspersed with the other sections. A brief classical snippet of Rick Wakeman's is used as well in both classical and rock arrangements.
The song itself ends very abruptly around 10:35, but a reprise of "We Have Heaven" from earlier on the album is included as a hidden track, extending it to 11:27 (11:32 on the 2003 release). Some vinyl pressings of the album, as well as most pre-recorded tape editions, end without this reprise. At either length, it is the longest song on the album. Original North American pressings of "Fragile" contain the reprise, but list "Heart of the Sunrise"'s timing as 10:34, not reflecting its inclusion.
Rick Wakeman contributed to the writing of "Heart Of The Sunrise" (and fellow album piece "South Side Of The Sky") by adding piano interludes to both songs, but wasn't credited because of contractual conflicts. He was instead promised more money by Atlantic studio executives, which he claims he never saw.
Live versions.
A number of live versions were released:
When performed live, the song was mostly performed the same as the studio version, accounting for obvious differences in instrumentation. Of course, the introductions changed as well. In the early part of the Big Generator tour, the main riff was worked into an instrumental version of "Almost Like Love" which led off the show.
Progressive metal band Dream Theater paid tribute to Yes with a live cover of this song, which is included on their 'Uncovered 2003-2005' official bootleg.
Dance punk band LCD Soundsystem also paid tribute to this song during their final performance, blending it into their song "Tired".
In film.
"Heart of the Sunrise" was used in the Vincent Gallo film "Buffalo 66". "Sweetness", from the band's eponymous debut, was also used.

</doc>
<doc id="9704417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704417" title="Alexander Calder (Beaumont, Texas)">
Alexander Calder (Beaumont, Texas)

Alexander Calder (1806 – August 23, 1853), a New Yorker, became the first mayor of Beaumont, Texas, on August 8, 1840.
On July 28, 1840, an election was held under the Incorporation Act, and on August 8, Beaumont's first elected officials were sworn into office. Elected Mayor was Alexander Calder, a New Yorker who had traveled to Beaumont by horseback in 1838 and had become a lawyer after his arrival. The new Mayor promptly addressed himself to the problems at hand, appointing committees in charge of roads and streets, finances, landings, wharves and ferries, and to be sure that all miscellaneous ground was covered, general expediencies. One of the first ordinances passed by the new City Council established liability for removing carcasses of cattle that had drowned while they were being driven across the Neches River.

</doc>
<doc id="9704429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704429" title="1907 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1907 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1907 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the seventh edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. As defending champions, the British Isles team played host to the competition. After several years of more varied competition, only Australasia and the United States would challenge for the cup. Australasia won both ties, and became the third nation to win the cup. The ties were played at Worple Road (the former site of the All England Club) in Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom from 13–24 July.

</doc>
<doc id="9704439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704439" title="Galkatas">
Galkatas

Galkatas is a common name for the widespread illegal homemade hand gun type in Sri Lanka. There is no any unique or identical shape for this but its known to fire 9mm or .38 ammunition and even 7.62x39mm Soviet M1943 rounds.
The galkatas is famous among the local underground groups. It is the weapon responsible for most of the homicides committed in Sri Lanka. The weapon is made by local blacksmiths, and due to this, it has many mechanical defects.

</doc>
<doc id="9704442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704442" title="City Water, Light &amp; Power">
City Water, Light &amp; Power

City Water, Light & Power is the largest municipally owned utility in the U.S. state of Illinois. 
The utility provides the city of Springfield, Illinois with electric power from four coal-fired boilers. The boilers operate with water from the utility's wholly owned Lake Springfield, which also provides drinking water for the city.
The utility also owns much of the riparian property around Lake Springfield, some of which is preserved for local recreation and some of which is leased to local nonprofits, such as Lincoln Memorial Gardens.
The utility is currently attempting to construct a second reservoir, Hunter Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="9704470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704470" title="Phil Olsen">
Phil Olsen

Phillip Vernor Olsen (born April 26, 1948) is a former center and defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams and Denver Broncos and the son of Lynn Jay and Merle Olsen. He also was a member of the Buffalo Bills. He is the younger brother of Pro Football Hall of Famer Merlin Olsen.
High school.
Olsen attended Logan High School, Logan, Utah from 1963–1966. He was a three-year starter on the varsity football team as defensive tackle and offensive tackle. An all around athlete, he earned 8 varsity letters in football, basketball and track. While a Logan High Grizzly Olsen was voted All-Division, All-Region, All-State, All-American recognition in football as well as voted All-Division, All-Region in basketball (averaging 18 points a game as a senior). He was on the Top 100 recruits list in football in 1966. He received over 40 college football scholarship offers, making campus visits to Stanford, the University of Iowa, University of Utah, Brigham Young University, and Purdue University.
College.
Phil Olsen was a three-year letterman and three-year starter and in 1969 was a consensus All-America selection for the Utah State University Aggies, in Logan, UT. Olsen was an Alpha Sigma Nu Honorary as one of top 12 USU Seniors, 1970, and like his brother Merlin is a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. Olsen was also the Aggie Team Captain, 1969 Team MVP, and the 1969 USU Athlete of the Year. Wayne Estes Memorial Award, 1970 for "Top USU Student/Athlete/Citizen". His jersey No. 90 was retired in 1970. After his senior season he played in the East West Shrine Game, the Hula Bowl, and College All-Star games. 
In Olsen's junior year of 1968 the Aggies were 7–3 and had wins over the University of Wisconsin, Memphis State University, West Texas State, Utah and BYU. He was voted honorable mention All-America honors that season.
In his sophomore year of 1967 the Aggies were 7–2–1 that year and were seven points from a 10–0 season. USU lost to Colorado State University 16–14 on a controversial officiating call that cost the team potential game-winning field goal attempt. The Aggies also lost to New Mexico State 10–9 on a failed two-point conversion that tipped off the receiver’s hands in the end zone which would have won the game. USU tied Wichita State 3–3 in the season opener in which the Aggie defense held Wichita State to 65 total yards and −2 yards rushing. (Former Dallas Cowboys and Miami Dolphins coach Jimmy Johnson was the WSU coaching staff at that time). Wichita State amassed only 65 yards in that game, the third-best effort in USU history. The Aggies held San Diego State University to −5 yards rushing and the University of the Pacific to −35 yards rushing, setting the then school record in that category in the process.
Olsen was co-Captain of the freshman football Team and played on the freshman basketball team as well. (Freshman were not allowed to play NCAA varsity sports until 1972). Dale Brown, of LSU fame, was Olsen's hoops coach as a freshman. That 1966–67 freshman basketball team still holds the record for most wins by a freshman team at USU.
Member of the State of Utah’s Sports Hall of Fame (inducted 1985) and USU’s All-Century Football Team. Inducted into the Utah State University Sports Hall of Fame in 1994. In 2000, was selected by "Sports Illustrated" as one of the State of Utah’s Top 50 Athletes of the Century. From 2002–2006 was a finalist for the College Football Hall of Fame. He is also a Sigma Chi from the Gamma Kappa Chapter at Utah State University.
NFL career.
Drafted in the first round (overall #4) of the 1970 draft by the Boston Patriots. Prior to reporting to the Patriots, he suffered a severe knee injury in practice the week of the College All-Star game in Chicago, IL when DT Mike McCoy of the University of Notre Dame, fell on his right knee, ending his 1970 season.
Traded to the Rams before the 1971 season for a No. 1 draft choice and additional financial compensation. Suffered a second injury to the same knee after winning the starting position at right defensive tackle, yet was able to come back after five weeks and be the starter for the Rams in 1971 and 1972 next to his brother, Merlin Olsen. Merlin and Phil played side-by-side as defensive tackles for the Los Angeles Rams in 1971 and 1972, the only time in NFL history this has ever happened. A younger brother Orrin, played for the Kansas City Chiefs in 1976. Merlin, Phil and Orrin were all playing in the NFL in 1976, which is one of the few times in NFL history that three brothers have ever played at the same time.
In 1973 and 1974 Phil was moved to defensive end where he backed up Fred Dryer and Jack Youngblood. Traded to the Broncos in 1975 where he reunited with Coach John Ralston who had recruited him out of high school to Stanford and had coached him the East-West Shrine Game. Olsen switched positions again, this time to center where he played through 1976.
Olsen was the captain of the Broncos return teams both seasons there. In 1976 Rick Upchurch had a spectacular year as a rookie kick returner. That year, the Broncos tied the then-NFL record with 6 kicks returned for touchdowns, with Upchurch setting the NFL mark for punt returns for a touchdown in a season with four. That same season, in addition to starting more than half the games at center, Olsen blocked four kicks (a punt, two PATs and a field goal). The Broncos beat the New York Giants 14–13 after Olsen blocked a PAT and for his efforts he was presented a game ball.
He moved on to the Buffalo Bills to reunite with his Ram coach Chuck Knox as one of the "Knox's Guys". These were players who Chuck Knox would bring into his teams to provide leadership, skill and experience. However Phil subsequently suffered a third knee injury and spent his time in Buffalo on the injured reserve unit.

</doc>
<doc id="9704481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704481" title="Liangxiongdiyu">
Liangxiongdiyu

Liangxiongdiyu Island ("两兄弟屿") is located 67 km northeast of Shenjiamen . It belongs to the Dongji Town of Zhoushan city. Liangxiongdiyu is the baseline point of the Chinese territorial sea.
2006, The stele of "Chinese territorial sea baseline point" erected.

</doc>
<doc id="9704485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704485" title="Evan Malbone Johnson">
Evan Malbone Johnson

Evan Malbone Johnson (June 6, 1791 to 1865) was a clergyman of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. Born in Bristol, Rhode Island, he was ordained to the diaconate and priesthood by Bishop Alexander Viets Griswold. He built Saint John's Church at 139 St Johns Place, Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York in 1826, and served that parish for 21 years as its rector without pay. Saint John's Church was consecrated on July 10, 1827 by Bishop John Henry Hobart. In 1847 Johnson established Saint Michael's Church, also in Brooklyn. He served that parish until his death. He was a prolific writer in the cautious pre-ritualist High Church school of Anglicanism. Johnson baptized William Edmond Armitage, later second Bishop of Wisconsin (1870-1873). 
Johnson was the American editor of the influential "A History of the Protestant Episcopal Church in America", by Samuel Wilberforce, Bishop of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="9704499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704499" title="Gardena Spring Trophy">
Gardena Spring Trophy

The Gardena Spring Trophy is an annual international figure skating competition. It is held every spring in Val Gardena in Italy. Skaters compete in men's and ladies' singles. Since its inception in 1990, the Gardena Spring Trophy has included a junior-level competition. Advanced novice events were added in 2006 and senior events in 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="9704500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704500" title="National Association of Therapeutic Schools and Programs">
National Association of Therapeutic Schools and Programs

The National Association of Therapeutic Schools and Programs (NATSAP) is a United States organization of therapeutic schools, residential treatment programs, wilderness programs, outdoor therapeutic programs, young adult programs and home-based residential programs for adolescents and young adults with emotional and behavioral difficulties. It was formed in January 1999.
NATSAP is not an accrediting or licensing body. In order to be members, schools and programs are required to be in full compliance with NATSAP's published "Ethical Principles" and "Principles of Good Practice". However, in United States House Committee on Education and Labor hearings in October 2007, NATSP Director Jan Moss stated that the organization had no process for checking up on this compliance, nor correcting any programs that stray from these guidelines.
The organization publishes a professional journal, the "Journal of Therapeutic Schools and Programs", conducts conferences and workshops, and publishes a directory of its members.
Members of NATSAP.
As of 2010, current and past members of NATSAP include:

</doc>
<doc id="9704515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704515" title="Disfranchisement after the Reconstruction Era">
Disfranchisement after the Reconstruction Era

Disfranchisement after the Reconstruction Era deals with the efforts made by a number of Southern states in the United States to prevent its black citizens from registering to vote and from voting despite the Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, ratified in 1870, which was intended to protect the suffrage of freedmen after the American Civil War.
Considerable violence and fraud accompanied elections after the Democrats regained power, as they worked to suppress black Republican voting and turn Republicans out of office. In the Wilmington Insurrection of 1898 (long called a race riot by whites), white Democrats conducted a "coup d'etat" of city government, the only one in United States history; they overturned a duly elected biracial government and then widely attacked the black community, destroying lives and property. Finally, Democrats achieved disfranchisement by law: from 1890 to 1908, Southern states passed new constitutions, constitutional amendments and laws that made voter registration and voting more difficult, achieving the desired result of disfranchising most black voters, as well as many poor white ones.
The Republican Party was nearly destroyed in the region. Southern Democrats had established a one-party system based on white supremacy. As Congressional apportionment was based on the total population, the Southern white Democrats, the Southern Bloc, came to have outsize power in Congress for decades. "Section 2 of the Fourteenth Amendment reduces congressional representation for states that deny suffrage on racial grounds," but it was not enforced.
In 1912 Woodrow Wilson gained an Electoral College bonus as a result of black disfranchisement, and won that and the 1916 presidential elections, to become the first Southern president since 1856. He changed race relations in 1913, overtly instituting racial segregation throughout the federal government and establishing racial discrimination in hiring. During World War I the military was also segregated, with black soldiers poorly trained and equipped, and often sent on suicide missions. The results of disfranchisement also had additional far-reaching effects in Congress, where the Democratic South gained "about 25 extra seats in Congress for each decade between 1903 and 1953." Also, the end of a two-party system in the South meant that Southerners were entrenched in Congress giving them seniority privileges, giving them control of chairmanships of important committees and leadership of the national Democrats. During the Great Depression, numerous national social programs were passed without representation from African Americans, leading to gaps in coverage of the programs. In addition, because black Americans in the South were not on the voting register, they were consequently excluded from jury service. Segregation in the military ended in 1948.
Background.
The American Civil War ended in 1865, marking the start of the Reconstruction era in the eleven former Confederate states. Congress refused to re-admit these states back to the Union until they were reconstructed and freedmen's rights to vote safeguarded. In 1866, ten of these states did not provide suffrage and equal civil rights to freedmen. The exception was Tennessee, which had adopted a new constitution in 1865. Congress passed the Reconstruction Acts, starting in 1867, establishing military districts to oversee the affairs of these states pending reconstruction.
During the Reconstruction era, blacks constituted absolute majorities of the populations in Mississippi and South Carolina, were equal to the white population in Louisiana, and represented more than 40% of the population in four other former Confederate states. Southern whites, fearing black domination, resisted the freedmen's exercise of political power. In 1867, black men voted for the first time. By the 1868 presidential election, Texas, Mississippi, and Virginia had still not been re-admitted to the Union. Radical Republican Civil War General Ulysses S. Grant was elected president thanks to 700,000 black voters. In February 1870, the Fifteenth Amendment was ratified; it was designed to protect blacks' right to vote from infringement by the states.
White supremacist paramilitary organizations, allied with Southern Democrats, used intimidation, violence and assassinations to repress blacks and prevent them from exercising their civil rights in elections from 1868 until the mid-1870s. The insurgent Ku Klux Klan (KKK) was formed in 1865 in Tennessee (as a backlash to defeat in the war) and quickly became a powerful secret vigilante group, with chapters across the South. The Klan initiated a campaign of intimidation directed against blacks and sympathetic whites. Their violence included vandalism and destruction of property, physical attacks and assassinations, and lynchings. Teachers who came from the North to teach freedmen were sometimes attacked or intimidated as well. Under the Force Acts of 1870, the KKK was suppressed by federal prosecution.
Klan murders led Congress to pass laws to end the violence. In 1870, the strongly Republican Congress passed the Enforcement Acts, imposing penalties for conspiracy to deny black suffrage. The Acts empowered the President to deploy the armed forces to suppress organizations that deprived people of rights guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment. Organizations whose members appeared in arms were considered in rebellion against the United States. The President could suspend "habeas corpus" under those circumstances. President Grant used these provisions in parts of the Carolinas in late 1871. United States marshals supervised state voter registrations and elections and could summon the help of military or naval forces if needed. These measures led to the demise of the first Klan by the early 1870s. 
New paramilitary groups unleashed a second wave of violence, resulting in over 1,000 deaths, usually black or Republican. The Supreme Court ruled in 1876 in "United States v. Cruikshank," arising from trials related to the Colfax Massacre, that protections of the Fourteenth Amendment, which the Enforcement Acts were intended to support, did not apply to the actions of individuals, but only to the actions of state governments.
More significant were paramilitary organizations that arose in the mid to late 1870s as part of continuing insurgency in the South after the Civil War, as armed veterans in the South began varied forms of resistance to social changes, including preventing black Americans from voting and running for office. Such groups included the White League, formed in Louisiana in 1874 from white militias, with chapters forming in other Southern states; the Red Shirts, formed in 1875 in Mississippi but also active in North Carolina and South Carolina; and other "White Liners," such as rifle clubs and the Knights of the White Camellia. Compared to the Klan, they were open societies, better organized, and often solicited newspaper coverage for publicity. The scale of operations was such that in 1876, North Carolina had 20,000 members of rifle clubs. Made up of well-armed Confederate veterans, a class that covered most adult men who could have fought in the war, they worked for political aims: to turn Republicans out of office, disrupt their organizing, and use force to intimidate and terrorize freedmen to keep them away from the polls.
Such groups have been described as "the military arm of the Democratic Party." They were instrumental in many Southern states in driving blacks away from the polls and ensuring a white Democratic takeover of legislatures and governorships in most Southern states in the 1870s, most notoriously during the controversial 1876 elections. As a result of a national Compromise of 1877 arising from the 1876 elections, the federal government withdrew its forces from the South, ending the Reconstruction era. By that time, Southern Democrats had effectively regained control in Louisiana, South Carolina, and Florida – they identified as the Redeemers. In the South, the process has been called "the Redemption". African-American historians sometimes call the Compromise of 1877 "The Great Betrayal."
Post-Reconstruction disfranchisement.
Following continuing violence around elections as insurgents worked to suppress black voting, the Democratic-dominated Southern states passed legislation to create barriers to voter registrations by blacks and poor whites, starting with the Georgia poll tax in 1877. Other measures followed, particularly near the end of the century.
Results could be seen across the South in states such as Tennessee. After Reconstruction, Tennessee initially had the most "consistently competitive political system in the South". A bitter election battle in 1888, marked by unmatched corruption and violence, resulted in white Democrats' taking over the state legislature. To consolidate their power, they worked to suppress the black vote and sharply reduced it through changes in voter registration, requiring poll taxes, as well as changing election procedures to make voting more complex.
In 1890 Mississippi adopted a new constitution, which contained provisions for voter registration which required voters to pass a literacy test and pay poll taxes. The literacy test was subjectively applied by white administrators, and the two provisions effectively disfranchised most blacks and many poor whites. The constitutional provisions survived a Supreme Court challenge in "Williams v. Mississippi" (1898). Other southern states quickly adopted new constitutions and what they called the "Mississippi plan." 
By 1908, all Southern states of the former Confederacy had passed new constitutions, sometimes bypassing general elections to achieve this. Legislators created a variety of barriers, including longer residency requirements, rule variations, literacy and understanding tests, which were subjectively applied against minorities, or were particularly hard for the poor to fulfill. Such constitutional provisions were unsuccessfully challenged at the Supreme Court in "Giles v. Harris" (1903). In practice, these provisions, including white primaries, created a maze that blocked most blacks and many poor whites from voting in Southern states until passage of federal civil rights legislation in the mid-1960s. Voter registration and turnout dropped sharply across the South.
The disfranchisement of a large proportion of voters attracted the attention of Congress, and in 1900 some members proposed stripping the South of seats, related to the number of people who were barred from voting. Apportionment of seats was still based on total population (with the assumption of the usual number of voting males), and white Southerners commanded a number of seats out of proportion to the people they represented. In the end, Congress did not act on this issue, as the Southern bloc of Democrats had sufficient power to reject or stall such action. For decades, white Southern Democrats exercised Congressional representation derived from a full count of the population, but they disfranchised several million black and white citizens. Southern white Democrats comprised a powerful voting bloc in Congress until the mid-20th century. Their representatives, re-elected repeatedly by one-party states, exercised the power of seniority, controlling numerous chairmanships of important committees in both houses. Their power allowed them to have control over rules, budgets and important patronage projects, among other issues, as well as to defeat bills to make lynching a federal crime.
State disfranchising constitutions, 1890-1908.
Despite white Southerners' complaints about Reconstruction, several Southern states kept most provisions of their Reconstruction constitutions for more than two decades, until late in the 19th century. In some states, the number of blacks elected to local offices reached a peak in the 1880s although Reconstruction had ended. They had an influence at the local level, although not winning many state seats. Subsequently, state legislatures passed restrictive laws that made voter registration and election rules more complicated. In addition, most legislatures drafted new constitutions.
Florida approved a new constitution in 1885 that included provisions for poll taxes as a prerequisite for voter registration and voting. From 1890 to 1908, ten of the eleven Southern states rewrote their constitutions. All included provisions that effectively restricted voter registration and suffrage, including new requirements for poll taxes, residency, and subjective literacy tests.
With educational improvements, the rate of black illiteracy in the South had declined markedly, by 1891 it was 58%. The white rate of illiteracy in the South was 31%. Some states used grandfather clauses to exempt white voters from literacy tests. Other states required otherwise eligible black voters to meet literacy and knowledge requirements to the satisfaction of white registrars, who applied subjective measurements and, in the process, rejected most black voters. By 1900, the majority of blacks were literate, but even many of the best-educated of these men continued to "fail" the literacy tests administered by white registrars.
The historian J. Morgan Kousser noted, "Within the Democratic party, the chief impetus for restriction came from the black belt members," whom he identified as "always socioeconomically privileged." In addition to wanting to affirm white supremacy, the planter and business elite were concerned about voting by lower-class and uneducated whites. Kousser found, "They disfranchised these whites as willingly as they deprived blacks of the vote." Perman noted the goals of disfranchisement resulted from several factors. Competition between white elites and white lower classes, for example, and a desire to prevent alliances between lower-class white and black Americans, as had been seen in Populist-Republican alliances, both served to motivate voter restrictions.
With the passage of new constitutions, Southern states adopted provisions that caused disfranchisement of large portions of their populations by skirting US constitutional protections of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments. While their voter registration requirements applied to all citizens, in practice they disfranchised most blacks and also "would remove voter registration rolls the less educated, less organized, more impoverished whites as well - and that would ensure one-party Democratic rules through most of the 20th century in the South."
As white Democrats regained political power in the South in the 1870s, they worked to suppress black voting. The Red Shirts (Southern United States) and White League intimidated and attacked black voters. Secondly, the Democratic legislatures passed Jim Crow laws to assert white supremacy, establish racial segregation in public facilities, and treat blacks as second-class citizens. The landmark court decision in "Plessy v. Ferguson" (1896) held that "separate but equal" facilities, as on railroad cars, was constitutional. Their new constitutions passed numerous Supreme Court challenges. In cases where a particular restriction was overruled by the Supreme Court in the early 20th century, states quickly devised new methods of excluding most blacks from voting.
For the national Democratic Party, the alignment after Reconstruction resulted in a Southern anchor that was useful for congressional clout, but at the same time inhibited the national party from fulfilling center-left initiatives prior to President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Black and white disfranchisement.
Poll taxes.
In Florida, Alabama, Tennessee, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia (1877), North and South Carolina, Virginia (until 1882 and again from 1902 with its new constitution), Texas (1901) and in some northern and western states, proof of payment of taxes (or poll taxes) was a prerequisite to voter registration. Georgia created a cumulative poll tax requirement in 1877: men of any race 21 to 60 years of age had to pay a sum of money for every year from the time they had turned 21, or from the time that the law took effect.
The poll tax requirements applied to whites as well as blacks, and adversely affected poor citizens. Many states required payment of the tax at a time separate from the election, and then required voters to bring receipts with them to the polls. If they could not locate such receipts, they could not vote. In addition, many states surrounded registration and voting with complex record-keeping requirements. These were particularly difficult for sharecropper and tenant farmers to comply with, as they moved frequently.
The poll tax was sometimes used alone or together with a literacy qualification. In a kind of grandfather clause, North Carolina in 1900 exempted from the poll tax those men entitled to vote as of January 1, 1867. This excluded all blacks, who did not then have suffrage.
Educational and character requirements.
Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, and South Carolina created an educational requirement, with review by a local registrar of a voter's qualifications. In 1898 Georgia rejected such a device.
Alabama delegates at first hesitated, out of concern that illiterate whites would lose their votes. After the legislature stated that the new constitution would not disfranchise any white voters and that it would be submitted to the people for ratification, Alabama passed an educational requirement. It was ratified at the polls in November 1901. Its distinctive feature was the "good character clause" (also known as the "grandfather clause"). An appointment board in each county could register "all voters under the present law" who were veterans or the lawful descendants of such, and "all who are of good character and understand the duties and obligations of citizenship." This gave the board discretion to approve voters on a case-by-case basis. In practice, they enfranchised whites and rejected blacks, most of whom had been slaves and did not have military service.
South Carolina, Louisiana (1889), and later, Virginia incorporated an educational requirement in their new constitutions. In 1902 Virginia adopted a constitution with the "understanding" clause as a literacy test to use until 1904. In addition, application for registration had to be in the applicant's handwriting and written in the presence of the registrar. Thus, someone who could not write, could not vote.
Eight Box Law.
By 1882, the Democrats in South Carolina were firmly in power. Republican voters were contained in the heavily black counties of Beaufort and Georgetown. Because the state had a large black majority, white Democrats still feared a possible resurgence of black voters at the polls. To remove the black threat, the General Assembly created an indirect literacy test, called the "Eight Box Law."
The law required a separate box for each office, and for a voter to insert the ballot into the corresponding box or it would not count. The ballots could not have party symbols on them. They had to be of a correct size and type of paper. Many ballots were arbitrarily rejected because they slightly deviated from the requirements. Ballots could also randomly be rejected if there were more ballots in a box than registered voters.
The multiple-ballot box law was challenged in court. On May 8, 1895, Judge Goff of the United States Circuit Court declared the provision unconstitutional and enjoined the state from taking further action under it. But in June 1895, the US Circuit Court of Appeals reversed Judge Goff and dissolved the injunction, leaving the way open for a convention.
The constitutional convention met on September 10 and adjourned on December 4, 1895. By the new constitution, South Carolina adopted the Mississippi Plan until January 1, 1898. Any male citizen could be registered who was able to read a section of the constitution or to satisfy the election officer that he understood it when read to him. Those thus registered were to remain voters for life. Under the new constitution, there was a massive drop in black voters registered: by 1896, in a state where blacks comprised a majority of the population, only 5,500 black voters had succeeded in registering.
Grandfather clause.
Grandfather clauses were used that allowed a man to vote if his grandfather or father had voted prior to January 1, 1867 (neither free people of color, even if property owners, nor freedmen could vote before this date.) The grandfather clause effectively denied all freedmen the ability to vote. Free men of color before 1831 could vote in North Carolina if they met property qualifications, at one time, but were excluded there and elsewhere after the Nat Turner slave rebellion of 1831.
Justice Benjamin Curtis's dissent in "Dred Scott v. Sandford, 60 U.S. 393 (1857)" had noted that free people of color in numerous states had the right to vote at the time of the Articles of Confederation (as part of the argument about whether people of African descent could be citizens of the new United States):
Of this there can be no doubt. At the time of the ratification of the Articles of Confederation, all free native-born inhabitants of the States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, and North Carolina, though descended from African slaves, were not only citizens of those States, but such of them as had the other necessary qualifications possessed the franchise of electors, on equal terms with other citizens.
North Carolina's constitutional amendment of 1900 exempted from the poll tax those men entitled to vote as of January 1, 1867, another type of use of a grandfather clause. Virginia also used a type of grandfather clause.
In "Guinn v. United States" (1915), the Supreme Court invalidated the Oklahoma Constitution's "old soldier" and "grandfather clause" exemptions from literacy tests. In practice, these had disfranchised blacks, as had occurred in numerous Southern states. This decision affected similar provisions in the constitutions of Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, North Carolina, and Virginia election rules. Oklahoma and other states quickly reacted by passing laws that created other rules for voter registration that worked against blacks and minorities. This was the first of many cases in which the NAACP filed a brief.
In "Lane v. Wilson" (1939), the Supreme Court invalidated an Oklahoma provision designed to disfranchise blacks. It had replaced the clause struck down in "Guinn." This clause permanently disfranchised everyone qualified to vote who had not registered to vote in a 12-day window between April 30 and May 11, 1916, except for those who voted in 1914. While designed to be more resistant to challenges based on discrimination, as the law did not specifically mention race, the Court struck it down partially because it relied on the 1914 election, when voters had been discriminated against under the rule invalidated in "Guinn."
Louisiana.
With a population evenly divided between races, in 1896 there were 130,334 black voters on the registration rolls and about the same number of whites.
The constitution created by Louisiana State legislators in 1898 included the "grandfather" clause, and a literacy test or property requirement. The would-be voter must be able to read and write English or his native tongue, or own property assessed at $300 or more. The literacy test was administered by the voting registrar; in practice, they were white Democrats. The grandfather clause provided that "Any citizen who was a voter on January 1, 1867, or his son or grandson, or any person naturalized prior to January 1, 1898, if applying for registration before September 1, 1898, might vote, notwithstanding illiteracy or poverty." Separate registration lists were kept for whites and blacks, making it easy to discriminate against the latter in literacy tests. The constitution of 1898 required a longer residency requirement in the state, county, parish, and precinct before voting than did the constitution of 1879.
The effect of these changes on the black population of black voters in Louisiana was devastating; by 1900 black voters were reduced from 130,334 to 5,320 on the rolls. By 1910, only 730 blacks were registered, less than 0.5% of eligible black men. "In 27 of the state's 60 parishes, not a single black voter was registered any longer; in 9 more parishes, only one black voter was."
North Carolina.
In 1894, a coalition of Republicans and the Populist Party won control of the North Carolina state legislature (and with it, the ability to elect two US Senators) and were successful in have several US Representatives elected through electoral fusion. The fusion coalition made impressive gains in the 1896 election when their legislative majority expanded, Republican Daniel Lindsay Russell won the gubernatorial race in 1897, the first Republican governor of the state since the end of Reconstruction in 1877. The election also resulted in more than 1,000 elected or appointed black officials, including the election in 1897 of George Henry White to Congress, as a member of the House of Representatives.
At the 1898 election, the Democrats ran on White Supremacy and disfranchisement in a bitter race-baiting campaign led by Furnifold McLendel Simmons, who became the state's senator in 1901 and held the office until 1931, and Josephus Daniels, editor and publisher of "The Raleigh News & Observer". The Republican/Populist coalition disintegrated, and the Democrats won the North Carolina 1898 election and the following 1900 election. 
They used their power in the state legislature to disfranchise blacks and ensure that Democratic Party and white power would not be threatened again. They passed laws restricting voter registration, and in 1900 the Democrats adopted a constitutional suffrage amendment which lengthened the residence period before registration and enacted both an educational qualification (to be assessed by a registrar, which meant that it could be subjectively applied) and prepayment of poll tax. A grandfather clause exempted from the poll tax those entitled to vote on January 1, 1867. They also passed Jim Crow laws establishing racial segregation in public facilities and transportation. 
The effect in North Carolina was the complete eliminated of black voters from voter rolls by 1904. Contemporary accounts estimated that 75,000 black male citizens lost the vote. In 1900 blacks numbered 630,207 citizens, about 33% of the state's total population. The growth of the thriving black middle class was slowed. In North Carolina and other Southern states, there were also the insidious effects of invisibility: "a decade of disenfranchisement (sic), the white supremacy campaign had erased the image of the black middle class from the minds of white North Carolinians."
Virginia.
In Virginia, Democrats sought disfranchisement in the late 19th century after a coalition of white and black Republicans with populist Democrats had come to power; the coalition had been formalized as the Readjuster Party. The Readjuster Party held control from 1881 to 1883, electing a governor and controlling the legislature, which also elected a US Senator from the state. As in North Carolina, state Democrats were able to divide Readjuster supporters through appeals to White Supremacy. After regaining power, Democrats changed state laws and the constitution in 1902 to disfranchise blacks. They ratified the new constitution in the legislature and did not submit it to popular vote. Voting in Virginia fell by nearly half as a result of the disfranchisement of blacks. The 80-year stretch of white Democratic control ended only in the late 1960s after passage and enforcement of the federal Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the collapse of the Byrd Organization machine.
White primary.
About the turn of the 20th century, white members of the Democratic Party in some southern states (minorities were commonly excluded) began to treat the party as a "private club" and insist on white primaries, barring black and other minority voters who managed to get through other barriers. These became common for all elections. As the Democratic Party was dominant and the only competitive voting was in the primaries, barring voters from the primaries was another means of exclusion. Court challenges overturned the white primary system, but many states passed laws that authorized parties to set up their systems, such as the white primary. Texas, for instance, passed such a state law in 1923. It was used to bar Mexican Americans as well as black Americans from voting and passed Supreme Court challenges until the 1940s.
Congressional response.
The North had heard the South's version of Reconstruction abuses, such as financial corruption, high taxes, and incompetent freedmen. Industry wanted to invest in the South and not worry about political problems. In addition, reconciliation between white veterans of the North and South reached a peak in the early 20th century. As historian David Blight demonstrated in "Race and Reunion: The Civil War in American Memory," reconciliation meant the pushing aside by whites of the major issues of race and suffrage. Southern whites were effective for many years at having their version of history accepted, especially as it was confirmed in ensuing decades by influential historians of the Dunning School at Columbia University and other institutions.
Disfranchisement of black Americans in the South was covered by national newspapers and magazines as new constitutions were created, and many Northerners were outraged and alarmed. In 1900 the Committee of Census of Congress considered proposals for adding more seats to the House of Representatives because of increased population. Proposals ranged for a total number of seats from 357 to 386. Edgar D. Crumpacker (R-IN) filed an independent report urging that the Southern states be stripped of seats due to the large numbers of voters they had disfranchised. He noted this was provided for in Section 2 of the Fourteenth Amendment, which provided for stripping representation from states that reduced suffrage due to race. The Committee and House failed to agree on this proposal. Supporters of black suffrage worked to secure Congressional investigation of disfranchisement, but concerted opposition of the Southern Democratic bloc was aroused, and the efforts failed.
From 1896-1900, the House of Representatives with a Republican majority had acted in more than 30 cases to set aside election results from Southern states where the House Elections Committee had concluded that "black voters had been excluded due to fraud, violence, or intimidation." But, in the early 1900s, it began to back off from its enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment and suggested that state and Federal courts should exercise oversight of this issue. The Southern bloc of Democrats exercised increasing power in the House. They had no interest in protecting suffrage of blacks.
In 1904 Congress administered a coup de grâce to efforts to investigate disfranchisement in its decision in the 1904 South Carolina election challenge of "Dantzler v. Lever". The House Committee on Elections upheld Lever's victory. It suggested that citizens of South Carolina who felt their rights were denied should take their cases to the state courts, and ultimately, the Supreme Court. Blacks had no recourse through the Southern state courts; because they were disfranchised, they could not serve on juries, and whites were clearly aligned against them on this and other racial issues.
Despite the Lever decision and domination of Congress by Democrats, some Northern Congressmen continued to raise the issue of black disfranchisement and resulting malapportionment. For instance, on December 6, 1920, Representative George H. Tinkham from Massachusetts offered a resolution for the Committee of Census to investigate alleged disfranchisement of blacks. His intention was to enforce the provisions of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth amendments.
In addition, he believed there should be reapportionment in the House related to the voting population of southern states, rather than the general population as enumerated in the census. Such reapportionment was authorized by the Constitution and would reflect reality, so that the South should not get credit for people it had disfranchised. Tinkham detailed how outsized the South's representation was related to the total number of voters in each state, compared to other states with the same number of representatives:
Woodrow Wilson's elections.
In 1912 Woodrow Wilson became the first Southern president since 1856, after gaining an electoral advantage from a split in the Republican party and an electoral college bonus because of Democratic control of southern votes and black disfranchisement, and won that and then the 1916 presidential elections. He changed race relations in 1913, overtly instituting racial segregation throughout the federal government and establishing racial discrimination in hiring. During World War I the military was also segregated, with black soldiers poorly trained and equipped, and often sent on suicide missions. Segregation in the military ended in 1948.
20th-century Supreme Court decisions.
Black Americans and their allies worked hard to regain their ability to exercise the constitutional rights of citizens. Booker T. Washington, widely known for his accommodationist approach as the leader of the Tuskegee Institute, called on northern backers to help finance legal challenges to disfranchisement and segregation. He raised substantial funds and also arranged for representation on some cases, such as the two for Giles in Alabama.
In its ruling in "Giles v. Harris" (1903), the United States Supreme Court under Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. effectively upheld such southern voter registration provisions in dealing with a challenge to the Alabama constitution. Its decision said the provisions were not targeted at blacks and thus did not deprive them of rights. This has been characterized as the "most momentous ignored decision" in constitutional history.
Trying to deal with the grounds of the Court's ruling, Giles mounted another challenge. In "Giles v. Teasley" (1904), the U.S. Supreme Court upheld Alabama's disfranchising constitution. That same year the Congress refused to overturn a disputed election, and essentially sent plaintiffs back to the state courts. Even when black plaintiffs gained rulings in their favor, states quickly devised alternative ways to exclude them. It was not until later in the 20th century that such legal challenges on disfranchisement began to meet more success in the courts.
With the founding of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) in 1909, the interracial group based in New York began to provide financial and strategic support to lawsuits on voting issues. What became the NAACP Legal Defense Fund organized and mounted numerous cases in repeated court and legal challenges to the many barriers of segregation, including disfranchisement provisions of the states. The NAACP often represented plaintiffs directly, or helped raise funds to support legal challenges. The NAACP also worked at public education, lobbying of Congress, demonstrations, and encouragement of theater and academic writing. NAACP chapters arose in cities across the country and membership increased rapidly in the South. The American Civil Liberties Union also represented plaintiffs in some disfranchisement cases.
Successful challenges.
In "Smith v. Allwright" (1944), the Supreme Court reviewed a Texas case and ruled against the white-only primary, where the state legislature had authorized the Democratic Party to devise its own rules of operation. The 1944 court ruling was that this was unconstitutional, as the state had failed to protect the constitutional rights of its citizens.
Following the 1944 ruling, civil rights organizations in major cities moved quickly to register black voters. For instance, in Georgia, in 1940 only 20,000 blacks had managed to register to vote. After the Supreme Court decision, the All-Citizens Registration Committee (ACRC) of Atlanta started organizing. By 1947 they and others had succeeded in getting 125,000 black Americans registered, 18.8% of those of eligible age.
Each legal victory was followed by white-dominated legislatures' renewed efforts to control black voting through different schemes. In 1958 Georgia passed a new registration act that required those who were illiterate to satisfy "understanding tests" by correctly answering 20 of 30 questions related to citizenship posed by the voting registrar. Despite substantial educational advances among blacks, the individual registrar was the sole person to determine whether individual prospective voters answered correctly. In practice, registrars disqualified most black voters, whether educated or not. In Terrell County, for instance, which was 64% black, after passage of the act, only 48 black Americans were able to register to vote in 1958.
Civil rights movement.
The NAACP's steady progress with individual cases was thwarted by southern Democrats' continuing resistance and passage of new statutory barriers to blacks' exercising their franchise. Through the 1950s and 1960s, private citizens enlarged the effort by becoming activists throughout the South, led by many black churches and their leaders, and joined by both young and older activists from northern states. Nonviolent confrontation and demonstrations were mounted in numerous Southern cities, often provoking violent reaction by white bystanders and authorities. The moral crusade of the Civil Rights Movement gained national media coverage, attention across the country, and a growing national demand for change. Widespread violence against the Freedom Riders in 1961, and murders of activists in Alabama in 1963 and Mississippi in 1964 gained support for the activists' cause at the national level. President John F. Kennedy introduced civil rights legislation in 1963 before he was assassinated.
President Lyndon B. Johnson took up the charge. In January 1964, Johnson met with civil rights leaders. On January 8, during his first State of the Union address, Johnson asked Congress to "let this session of Congress be known as the session which did more for civil rights than the last hundred sessions combined." On January 23, 1964, the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, prohibiting the use of poll taxes in national elections, was ratified with the approval of South Dakota, the 38th state to do so.
On June 21, 1964, civil rights workers Michael Schwerner, Andrew Goodman, and James Chaney, disappeared in Neshoba County, Mississippi. The three were volunteers aiding in the registration of black voters as part of the Mississippi Freedom Summer Project. Forty-four days later the Federal Bureau of Investigation recovered their bodies from an earthen dam where they were buried. The Neshoba County deputy sheriff Cecil Price and 16 others, all Ku Klux Klan members, were indicted for the murders; seven were convicted.
When the Civil Rights Bill came before the full Senate for debate on March 30, 1964, the "Southern Bloc" of 18 southern Democratic Senators and one Republican Senator led by Richard Russell (D-GA) launched a filibuster to prevent its passage. Said Russell: 
After 57 working days of filibuster, and several compromises, the Senate had enough votes (71 to 29) to end the debate and the filibuster. It was the first time that Southern senators had failed to win with such tactics against civil rights bills. On July 2, President Johnson signed into law the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The Act prohibited segregation in public places and barred unequal application of voter registration requirements. It did not abolish literacy tests, which had been used to disqualify blacks and poor white voters.
As the United States Department of Justice stated:
"By 1965 concerted efforts to break the grip of state disenfranchisement (sic) had been under way for some time, but had achieved only modest success overall and in some areas had proved almost entirely ineffectual. The murder of voting-rights activists in Philadelphia, Mississippi, gained national attention, along with numerous other acts of violence and terrorism. Finally, the unprovoked attack on March 7, 1965, by state troopers on peaceful marchers crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, en route to the state capitol in Montgomery, persuaded the President and Congress to overcome Southern legislators' resistance to effective voting rights legislation. President Johnson issued a call for a strong voting rights law and hearings began soon thereafter on the bill that would become the Voting Rights Act."Passed in 1965, this law prohibited the use of literacy tests as a requirement to register to vote. It provided for recourse for local voters to Federal oversight and intervention, plus federal monitoring of areas that historically had low voter turnouts to ensure that new measures were not taken against minority voters, and provision for enforcement of voting rights. African Americans re-entered the formal political process, and have won seats at local, state and federal levels.

</doc>
<doc id="9704528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704528" title="Grigory Pasko">
Grigory Pasko

Grigory Mikhailovich Pasko ("Григо́рий Миха́йлович Пасько", born 1962, Kreshchenovka, Ukraine) is a Russian journalist, former officer of the Russian Navy, Amnesty International-designated prisoner of conscience, and founding editor of "Ecology and Law", an environmental and citizens' rights magazine.
Life.
Pasko was born in the village of Kreshchenovka, Kherson Oblast, currently Ukraine, to a teacher's family. He graduated from the journalism department of Lviv University in 1983, and worked as an investigative journalist and editor for "Boyevaya Vakhta (Battle Watch)", the in-house newspaper of the Russian Pacific Fleet. He worked with Japanese journalists from the NHK TV network and the "Asahi Shimbun" national daily newspaper. He had disclosed the dumping of nuclear waste by the Russian Navy in the Sea of Japan in 1993.
Prisoner of conscience.
In November 1997, Pasko was arrested by Russian Federal Security Service agents in Vladivostok. He was accused of espionage for his publications on environmental problems in the Japanese sea, but initially found not guilty, due to lack of evidence. He was found guilty of “abuse of his official position”, but released immediately under a general amnesty. 
After several re-trials, the Court of the Pacific Fleet ultimately acquitted Pasko on all counts "except" espionage, sentencing him to four years of imprisonment for treason on December 25, 2001. He was recognized as a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International.
In 2003, he was released from detention. Eighteen months later, he was allowed to travel abroad.
Complaints to the European Court.
In October 2009, the European Court of Human Rights rejected the complaints raised by Pasko against Russia under Article 10 ECHR (freedom of information) by 6 votes to 1:
The court also observed that "as a serving military officer, the applicant had been bound by an obligation of discretion in relation to anything concerning the performance of his duties". 
Finally, the European court found that "The domestic courts’ decisions appeared reasoned and well-founded. There had been nothing in the materials of the case to support the applicant’s allegations that his conviction had been overly broad or politically motivated or that he had been sanctioned for any of his publications."
His appeal was rejected in May 2010.
Further work.
From 2002-2008, Pasko was the founding editor-in-chief of "Ecology and Law", a quarterly magazine published by the St. Petersburg branch of the Environmental Rights Center Bellona. 
He is a member of the Russian PEN Center in Vladivostok.
Awards.
While imprisoned in 2002, Pasko received a human rights award from Reporters Without Borders.

</doc>
<doc id="9704537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704537" title="Contest Show">
Contest Show

The Contest Show with Jeff & Pat is a call-in radio game show hosted by Jeff Zukauckas and Pat Butler. The Contest Show was usually heard Saturdays on Newsradio WTAM 1100 in Cleveland, Ohio. The program's time slot and duration varied week-to-week, to accommodate Indians, Cavaliers, or Browns coverage. "The Prize Guys" hosted the show since 2004, and gave away over $50,000 in prizes. The show originally ended during January 2010. The show resumed in December 2013.
Format.
The first half-hour of "The Contest Show" is a dialogue between Jeff and Pat, setting the stage for some of the contests to come, and also allowing the call screener time to assemble the contestant lineup. The core of the show features a series of individual call-in contests, of the kind often heard on other radio programs. Some involve a single correct answer to win a prize; others require several correct guesses as to whether something is of one description or another. Most editions of "The Contest Show" also feature a knockout game, where five callers each guess the value of a numerical survey response or statistic; the furthest away is knocked out, and the remaining four play another statistic on the same topic; this repeats until one player is left, who wins the prize.
Hosts.
Jeff and Pat are both Cleveland natives who went to college together at John Carroll University. While there, they both hosted various shows at campus radio station WJCU 88.7 FM. Both hosts have a background in media promotions. Jeff is currently WTAM's Promotions Director; Pat is a traffic reporter for Clear Channel Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="9704538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704538" title="Memorial Medical Center (Springfield, Illinois)">
Memorial Medical Center (Springfield, Illinois)

Memorial Medical Center is an acute care hospital in Springfield, Illinois, that offers comprehensive inpatient and outpatient services. It includes the Memorial Heart and Vascular Institute, the Center for Neuromuscular Sciences, the Stroke Center, Emergency Services, Family Maternity Suites, Regional Cancer Center, Regional Burn Center, Urology Institute and Orthopaedic Institute. Memorial's ExpressCare facilities at Koke Mill Medical Center, North Dirksen, and South 6th Street treet urgent care needs.
Memorial Medical Center is an affiliate of Memorial Health System. It was founded in 1897 as the Springfield Hospital and Training School. Today, it is one of two major hospitals in Springfield alongside St. John's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="9704539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704539" title="Paul Davidovich">
Paul Davidovich

Baron Paul Davidovich or Pavle Davidović () (1737, Buda – 18 February 1814, Komárom) became a general of the Austrian Empire and a Knight of the Military Order of Maria Theresa. He played a major role in the 1796 Italian campaign during the French Revolutionary Wars, leading corps-sized commands in the fighting against the French army led by Napoleon Bonaparte. He led troops during the Napoleonic Wars and was Proprietor (Inhaber) of an Austrian infantry regiment.
Early career.
Born in Buda (Ofen) (in modern-day Budapest, Hungary) in 1737, Davidovich came from a Serb family which had immigrated to the Austrian Empire from the Ottoman Empire at the time of Emperor Leopold I. In 1757, Davidovich joined the Austrian army's "Ferdinand Karl" Infantry Regiment # 2. He served during the Seven Years' War and rose in rank to Captain. In 1771, he received promotion to Major in "d'Alton" Infantry Regiment # 19. He performed heroically under fire at Bystrzyca Klodzka (Habelschwerdt) in January 1779 during the War of the Bavarian Succession. This action earned him the Knight's Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa. He was rewarded with the noble rank of Freiherr in 1780. The following year, he became Oberst-Leutnant of the "Esterhazy" Infantry Regiment # 34. He earned promotion to Oberst (colonel) of the "Peterwardeiner" Grenz Infantry Regiment in 1783.
During the Austro-Turkish War, Davidovich talked the Turkish governor of Šabac into surrendering in 1788. He assisted Maximilian Baillet de Latour in stamping out the 1789 Belgian revolt and was elevated to the rank of General-Major in 1790.
French Revolutionary Wars.
In 1793 during the War of the First Coalition, he distinguished himself in the battles of Neerwinden and Wattignies. He participated in the Flanders campaign in 1794 under Prince Josias of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld. He served under Dagobert Sigmund von Wurmser in the successful Siege of Mannheim which capitulated on 22 November 1795. He was promoted to Feldmarschal-Leutnant in March 1796.
During the spring of 1796, Napoleon Bonaparte's French army overran the Kingdom of Sardinia-Piedmont and the Duchy of Milan, and began the Siege of Mantua. In July, Davidovich transferred to the Italian theater and was placed under Wurmser's command. During the first relief of Mantua, he commanded the Left-Center (III) Column, which included the brigades of Anton Mittrowsky, Anton Lipthay, and Leberecht Spiegel. The force numbered 8,274 infantry, 1,618 cavalry, and 40 cannon. He fought at the Battle of Castiglione on 5 August.
In the second relief of Mantua, Wurmser and his chief-of-staff Franz von Lauer planned to transfer major elements of the army from the upper Adige River valley to Bassano del Grappa via the Brenta River valley. They assigned Davidovich to hold the Adige valley with 13,500 soldiers in the brigades of the Prince of Reuss, Josef Vukassovich, and Johann Sporck. Lauer believed that the French army would remain passive during the operation. Defying expectations, Bonaparte attacked Davidovich with 30,000 men. In the Battle of Rovereto on 4 September, the French swamped the Austrian defenses, inflicted 3,000 casualties, captured Trento, and pushed Davidovich north beyond Lavis. Bonaparte soon won the Battle of Bassano and drove Wurmser and 12,000 men within the fortress of Mantua.
For the third relief of Mantua, Emperor Francis II appointed Jozsef Alvinczi commander of a newly formed army. Alvinczi planned to advance on Mantua from the east with 28,000 soldiers while Davidovich and 19,500 troops moved from the Adige valley in the north. Davidovich's Tyrol Corps comprised the brigades of Sporck, Vukassovich, Johann Laudon, and Joseph Ocskay, plus a small reserve. After a bloody clash at Cembra on 2 November, he recaptured Trento. He routed Claude Vaubois' outnumbered French division at the Battle of Calliano on 7 November. Despite being urged by Alvinczi to attack again, he proved very slow to follow up his success. One reason was the 3,500 casualties suffered at Cembra and Calliano. Other difficulties included a false report that placed Andre Massena's division in his front, heavy snow in the mountains, and the fact that messages took two days to arrive from Alvinczi. He routed Vaubois again at Rivoli Veronese on 17 November, but this victory came two days too late. After the French defeated Alvinczi on 15–17 November at the Battle of Arcole, Bonaparte turned on Davidovich in great strength. The French beat him in a second clash at Rivoli on 22 November. With Davidovich's corps in flight northward, Alvinczi was forced to abandon the campaign.
Napoleonic Wars.
In 1804, he became the proprietor of "Davidovich" Infantry Regiment # 34, a Hungarian unit, and held this position until his death. When the War of the Third Coalition broke out, he commanded part of Archduke Charles' army in Italy. During the Battle of Caldiero on 29–31 October 1805, he led the nine infantry battalions, eight cavalry squadrons, and 26 artillery pieces of the left wing. After the war, he served as deputy ("Adlatus") to the commanding general in Slavonia. He inspected fortresses in Serbia and received promotion to Feldzeugmeister in 1807. In his last active command, he led a division of Hungarian insurrection militia at the Battle of Raab on 14 June 1809 during the War of the Fifth Coalition. He died on 18 February 1814 at Komárno when he was governor of that fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="9704548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704548" title="2005 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2005 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2005 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 10–13, 2005 in Washington, D.C. at the MCI Center. This was the first time the tournament was played inside The Nation's Capital, as all of the previous ACC Tournaments in the D.C. area were played in suburban Landover, MD at the Capital Centre. Duke won the tournament, defeating Georgia Tech in the championship game. Duke's J.J. Redick won the tournament's Most Valuable Player award.
North Carolina came in as the top-seeded team. However, they lost in the semifinal to Georgia Tech.
The 2005 ACC Tournament was the first, and only, ACC Tournament with 11 teams participating. Conference newcomers Miami and Virginia Tech participated in their first ACC tournament. Their debuts were unsuccessful, as both teams failed to win a game. The tournament would expand to 12 teams for the following season, as Boston College would join from the Big East Conference.
Wake Forest's Chris Paul was suspended for his team's quarterfinal game against NC State for punching Julius Hodge in the groin in the season finale between the two teams. NC State took advantage of his absence, defeating Wake Forest en route to the semifinal round.

</doc>
<doc id="9704560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704560" title="Ek Chhotisi Love Story">
Ek Chhotisi Love Story

Ek Chotisi Love Story (English: "One Small Love Story") is a 2002 romantic film directed by Shashilal K. Nair. The film is an adaptation of Krzysztof Kieślowski's "A Short Film About Love" ("Krótki film o miłości" 1988). Released admist a lot of controversy the movie generated tremendous response at the box office becoming one of the few "Hit" of the year.
Plot.
It is a story of 15-year-old Aditya (Aditya Seal) and his voyeuristic love of his nameless neighbor (Manisha Koirala) featuring bathroom masturbation scenes — which are virtually unseen in Bollywood. Soon Aditya’s hobby turns into infatuation as he begins to follow her movements closely. He feels sexually drawn towards her when he sees her coming out of her bath, her hair dripping wet. He feels jealous when he catches her making love with her boyfriend (Ranvir Shorey). 
Manisha is unaware of her secret admirer. When the boy musters up the courage and speaks his heart to her, she takes it in her stride and gives him a little teaser on adolescent love.
Controversy.
The film created some controversy when Koirala asked for a court order to stay the release of the film pending deletion of some shots she found to be objectionable.She claimed that she was impersonated by someone else in some shots.

</doc>
<doc id="9704581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704581" title="Culture of the Republican era in China">
Culture of the Republican era in China

The culture that led to the founding of the Republic of China and that flourished immediately afterwards was informed by two main concerns: the weakness of the government in the face of pressure by Western powers, including the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, France, and Japan, and the seeming backwardness of the political system, which previously had held primacy over East Asia. It was this climate that led to the rapid changes and quick questioning of thousand year old traditions.
The abolition of the empire had an immediate effect on dress and customs: the largely Han population immediately cut off the queues that they had been forced to grow in submission to the overthrown Manchus whom they considered alien barbarian invaders. Sun Yat-sen popularised a new style of men's wear, featuring jacket and trousers instead of the pre-existing robes. Adapted from Japanese student wear, this style of dress became known as the Zhongshan suit (Zhongshan being Sun Yat-sen's given name in Chinese). (Later, Mao Zedong's variant of the Zhongshan suit would become well known in the West as the Mao suit.) Meanwhile, Madame Sun popularised the qipao as the standard female dress. At the same time, old practices such as footbinding, which Chinese had long known was viewed as backwards and unmodern by Westerners, were forbidden.
In the late 1910s and early 1920s, students and intellectuals began to challenge old customs in what became the New Cultural Movement. The era called for iconoclasm, the assertion of individuality, and the liberalization of society (such as through the abolition of arranged marriages). Universities began to incorporate western subjects into the curriculum and discussion of numerous philosophies such as communism and anarchism ensued. Notably, Lu Xun published his satire "Diary of a Madman" to challenge Confucianism, Ba Jin questioned the hierarchical family structure, and Hu Shih called for writing in Vernacular Chinese instead of Literary Chinese for mass appeal. The literary journal "New Youth", edited by Chen Duxiu, promoted science and democracy. These changes, though affecting urban and upper class society, failed to reach the peasantry who remained mostly illiterate. Economic equality and gender equality became great concerns among intellectuals, students, and the general public. With the movement of people towards cities also came concern for such issues. Many young intellectuals became interested in communism and liberalism.
In the 1930s, Chiang Kai-shek launched the New Life Movement to promote traditional Confucian social ethics, while rejecting individualism and Western capitalistic values. It also aimed to build up morale in a nation that was besieged with corruption, factionalism, and opium addiction. Some goals included courtesy to neighbors, following rules set by the government, keeping streets clean, and conserving energy.

</doc>
<doc id="9704583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704583" title="John Wesley Lord">
John Wesley Lord

John Wesley Lord (1902-1989) was an American Bishop of The Methodist Church, elected in 1948. Lord was active in the African-American Civil Rights Movement and pushed for the racial integration of the Methodist Church, and was a Vice President of the National Council of Churches.
Early life.
John was born 23 August 1902 in Paterson, New Jersey, the son of John James and Catherine Steward (Carmichael) Lord. John Wesley married Margaret Farrington Ratcliffe 29 April 1931. They had one daughter, Jean Phillips.
John Wesley was a 1922 graduate of the Montclair State Normal School. He then earned the A.B. degree from Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania in 1927. He also earned the B.D. degree from Drew Theological Seminary in 1930. He did post-graduate work at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, 1930-31.
Ministry.
John Wesley Lord was received on-trial in the Newark Annual Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church and ordained Deacon, April 1929. He was received into full connection and ordained Elder, March 1931. The Rev. Lord served the following appointments: Assistant Pastor, Emory Methodist Church, Jersey City, New Jersey (1927-30); Pastor, Union, New Jersey Community Church (1931-34); First Church, Arlington (1935-37); and First Methodist Church, Westfield (1938-48).
The Rev. John Wesley Lord was elected to the Episcopacy of The Methodist Church by the Northeastern Jurisdictional Conference in 1948. He was assigned as the Resident Bishop of the Boston Episcopal Area. 
Bishop Lord retired in 1972, and died in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9704613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704613" title="IRB International U21 Player of the Year">
IRB International U21 Player of the Year

The IRB International U21 Player of the Year was awarded by the International Rugby Board in the autumn each year from 2001 to 2006. In 2008, it was combined with the IRB International U19 Player of the Year to create the IRB Junior Player of the Year award.

</doc>
<doc id="9704619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704619" title="Arts of China">
Arts of China

The arts of China (Chinese: 中國藝術/中国艺术) have varied throughout its ancient history, divided into periods by the ruling dynasties of China and changing technology, but still containing a high degree of continuity. Different forms of art have been influenced by great philosophers, teachers, religious figures and even political leaders. The arrival of Buddhism and modern Western influence produced especially large changes. Chinese art encompasses fine arts, folk arts and performance arts.
General history.
Early forms of art in China were made from pottery and jade in the Neolithic period, to which was added bronze in the Shang Dynasty. The Shang are most remembered for their blue casting, noted for its clarity of detail. Early Chinese music and poetry was influenced by the "Book of Songs", Confucius and the Chinese poet and statesman Qu Yuan.
In early imperial China, porcelain was introduced and was refined to the point that in English the word "china" has become synonymous with high-quality porcelain. Around the 1st century AD, Buddhism arrived in China, though it did not become popular until the 4th century. At this point, Chinese Buddhist art began to flourish, a process which continued through the 20th century. It was during the period of Imperial China that calligraphy and painting became highly appreciated arts in court circles, with a great deal of work done on silk until well after the invention of paper.
Buddhist architecture and sculpture thrived in the Sui and Tang dynasty. Of which, the Tang Dynasty was particularly open to foreign influence. Buddhist sculpture returned to a classical form, inspired by Indian art of the Gupta period. Towards the late Tang dynasty, all foreign religions were outlawed to support Taoism.
In the Song Dynasty, poetry was marked by a lyric poetry known as Ci (詞) which expressed feelings of desire, often in an adopted persona. Also in the Song dynasty, paintings of more subtle expression of landscapes appeared, with blurred outlines and mountain contours which conveyed distance through an impressionistic treatment of natural phenomena. It was during this period that in painting, emphasis was placed on spiritual rather than emotional elements, as in the previous period. Kunqu, one of the oldest extant forms of Chinese opera developed during the Song Dynasty in Kunshan, near present-day Shanghai. In the Yuan dynasty, painting by the Chinese painter Zhao Mengfu (趙孟頫) greatly influenced later Chinese landscape painting, and the Yuan dynasty opera became a variant of Chinese opera which continues today in examples such as Cantonese opera.
Late imperial China was marked by two specific dynasties: Ming and Qing. Of Ming Dynasty poetry, Gao Qi was acknowledged as the most popular poet of the era. Artwork in the Ming dynasty perfected color painting and color printing, with a wider color range and busier compositions than Song paintings. In the Qing dynasty, Beijing opera was introduced; it is considered one of the best-known forms of Chinese opera. Qing poetry was marked by a poet named Yuan Mei whose poetry has been described as having "unusually clear and elegant language" and who stressed the importance of personal feeling and technical perfection. Under efforts of masters from the Shanghai School during the late Qing Dynasty, traditional Chinese art reached another climax and continued to the present in forms of the "Chinese painting" ("guohua", 國畫). The Shanghai School challenged and broke the literati tradition of Chinese art, while also paying technical homage to the ancient masters and improving on existing traditional techniques.
Literature.
Early Chinese poetry.
In addition to the "Book of Songs" (Shi Jing), a second early and influential poetic anthology was the Songs of Chu (), made up primarily of poems ascribed to the semilegendary Qu Yuan (c. 340–278 BC) and his follower Song Yu (fourth century BC). The songs in this collection are more lyrical and romantic and represent a different tradition from the earlier "Classic of Poetry" (Shi Jing). Many of the works in the text are associated with Shamanism. There are also descriptions of fantastic landscapes, examples of China's first nature poetry. The longest poem, "Encountering Sorrow," is reputed to have been written by the tragic as a political allegory.
Han and Northern dynasties poetry.
During, the Han Dynasty, Chu lyrics evolved into the "fu" (賦), a poem usually in rhymed verse except for introductory and concluding passages that are in prose, often in the form of questions and answers. From the Han Dynasty onwards, a process similar to the origins of the Shi Jing produced the "yuefu" poems.
In the Northern Dynasties historical records indicate Cao Cao was a brilliant ruler and poet. Cao Cao was also the father of the well-known poets Cao Pi and Cao Zhi. Cao Pi is known for writing the first Chinese poem using seven syllables per line (七言詩), the poem "燕歌行".
Cao Zhi demonstrated his spontaneous wit at an early age and was a front-running candidate for the throne; however, such ability was devoted to Chinese literature and poetry, which was encouraged by his father's subordinate officials. Later he surrounded himself with a group of poets and officials with literary interests, including some who continually showed off their smartness at the expense of Cao Cao and Cao Pi's subordinates and even Cao Cao himself.
Tao Qian's poetry influenced the work of many subsequent poets. Approximately 120 of his poems survive, which depict an idyllic pastoral life of farming and drinking.
Golden age of Chinese poetry.
"Yuefu" are Chinese poems composed in a folk song style. The term literally means "Music Bureau", a reference to the government organization originally charged with collecting or writing the lyrics.
The lines are of uneven length, though five characters is the most common. Each poem follows one of a series of patterns defined by the song title. The term covers original folk songs, court imitations and versions by known poets.
From the 2nd century AD, the "yuefu" began to develop into "shi"—the form which was to dominate Chinese poetry until the modern era. The writers of these poems took the five-character line of the "yuefu" and used it to express more complex ideas. The "shi" poem was generally an expression of the poet's own persona rather than the adopted characters of the "yuefu"; many were romantic nature poems heavily influenced by Taoism.
The term "gushi" ("old poems") can refer either to the first, mostly anonymous "shi" poems, or more generally to the poems written in the same form by later poets. "Gushi" in this latter sense are defined essentially by what they are not; that is, they are not "jintishi" (regulated verse). The writer of "gushi" was under no formal constraints other than line length and rhyme (in every second line).
"Jintishi", or regulated verse, developed from the 5th century onwards. By the Tang dynasty, a series of set tonal patterns had been developed, which were intended to ensure a balance between the four tones of classical Chinese in each couplet: the level tone, and the three deflected tones (rising, falling and entering). The Tang dynasty was the high point of the "jintishi".
Notable poets from this era include Bai Juyi, Du Mu, Han Yu, Jia Dao, Li Qiao, Liu Zongyuan, Luo Binwang, Meng Haoran, Wang Wei, and Zhang Jiuling.
Li Bai and Du Fu.
Li Bai and Du Fu both lived during the Tang Dynasty. They are regarded by many as the greatest of the Chinese poets.
Over a thousand poems are attributed to Li Bai, but the authenticity of many of these is uncertain. He is best known for his "yuefu" poems, which are intense and often fantastic. He is often associated with Taoism: there is a strong element of this in his works, both in the sentiments they express and in their spontaneous tone. Nevertheless, his "gufeng" ("ancient airs") often adopt the perspective of the Confucian moralist, and many of his occasional verses are fairly conventional.
Much like Mozart, many legends exist on how Li Bai effortlessly composed his poetry, even (or some say, especially) when drunk; his favorite form is the "jueju" (five- or seven-character quatrain), of which he composed some 160 pieces. Using striking, unconventional imagery, Li Bai is able to create exquisite pieces to utilize fully the elements of the language. His use of language is not as erudite as Du Fu's but equally effective, impressing through an extravagance of imagination and a direct connection of a free-spirited persona with the reader. Li Bai's interactions with nature, friendship, and his acute observations of life inform his best poems. Some of the rest, like "Changgan xing" (translated by Ezra Pound as "A River Merchant's Wife: A Letter"), records the hardships or emotions of common people. Like the best Chinese poets, Li Bai often evades translation.
Since the Song dynasty, critics have called Du Fu the "poet historian". The most directly historical of his poems are those commenting on military tactics or the successes and failures of the government, or the poems of advice which he wrote to the emperor.
One of the Du Fu's earliest surviving works, "The Song of the Wagons" (c. 750), gives voice to the sufferings of a conscript soldier in the imperial army, even before the beginning of the rebellion; this poem brings out the tension between the need of acceptance and fulfillment of one's duties, and a clear-sighted consciousness of the suffering which this can involve.
Du Fu's work is notable above all for its range. He mastered all the forms of Chinese poetry: Chou says that in every form he "either made outstanding advances or contributed outstanding examples" (p. 56). Furthermore, his poems use a wide range of registers, from the direct and colloquial to the allusive and self-consciously literary. The tenor of his work changed as he developed his style and adapted to his surroundings ("chameleonlike" according to Watson): his earliest works are in a relatively derivative, courtly style, but he came into his own in the years of the rebellion. Owen comments on the "grim simplicity" of the Qinzhou poems, which mirrors the desert landscape (p. 425); the works from his Chengdu period are "light, often finely observed" (p. 427); while the poems from the late Kuizhou period have a "density and power of vision" (p. 433).
Late Tang and Five Dynasties poetry.
Li Shangyin was a Chinese poet of the late Tang dynasty. He was a typical Late Tang poet: his works are sensuous, dense and allusive. The latter quality makes adequate translation extremely difficult. Many of his poems have political, romantic or philosophical implications, but it is often unclear which of these should be read into each work.
Li Yu was a Chinese poet and the last ruler of the Southern Tang Kingdom. His best-known poems were composed during the years after the Song formally ended his reign in 975 and brought him back as a captive to the Song capital, Bianjing (now Kaifeng). Li's works from this period dwell on his regret for the lost kingdom and the pleasures it had brought him. He was finally poisoned by the Song emperor in 978.
Li Yu developed the "ci" by broadening its scope from love to history and philosophy, particularly in his later works. He also introduced the two-stanza form, and made great use of contrasts between longer lines of nine characters and shorter ones of three and five.
Song poetry.
"Ci" is a kind of lyric Chinese poetry. Beginning in the Liang Dynasty, the "ci" followed the tradition of the Shi Jing and the "yuefu": they were lyrics which developed from anonymous popular songs (some of Central Asian origin) into a sophisticated literary genre. The form was further developed in the Tang Dynasty, and was most popular in the Song Dynasty. "Ci" most often expressed feelings of desire, often in an adopted persona, but the greatest exponents of the form (such as Li Houzhu and Su Shi) used it to address a wide range of topics. Well-known poets of the Song Dynasty include Zeng Gong, Li Qingzhao, Lu You, Mei Yaochen, Ouyang Xiu, Su Dongpo, Wang Anshi, and Xin Qiji.
Ming literature.
The Ming Dynasty author Gao Qi is acknowledged as a great practitioner of poetry during the Ming Dynasty. His poems are departure of those of earlier dynasties and formed a new style of poetry in the Ming dynasty. Zhang Dai is acknowledged as the greatest essayist of the Ming dynasty. Wen Zhenheng, the great grandson of Wen Zhengming, wrote a classic on garden architecture and interior design, Zhang Wu Zhi (On Superfluous Things).
Qing literature.
Yuan Mei was a well-known poet who lived during the Qing Dynasty. In the decades before his death, Yuan Mei produced a large body of poetry, essays and paintings. His works reflected his interest in Chan Buddhism and the supernatural, at the expense of Daoism and institutional Buddhism—both of which he rejected. Yuan is most famous for his poetry, which has been described as "unusually clear and elegant language". His views on poetry as expressed in the "Suiyuan shihua" (隨園詩話) stressed the importance of personal feeling and technical perfection.
Many great works of art and literature originated during the period, and the Qianlong emperor in particular undertook huge projects to preserve important cultural texts. The novel form became widely read and perhaps China's most famous novel, "Dream of the Red Chamber", was written in the mid-eighteenth century.
Cao Xueqin is the author of the famous Chinese work "Dream of the Red Chamber". Extant handwritten copies of this work—some 80 chapters—had been in circulation in Beijing shortly after Cao's death, before Gao Ê, who claimed to have access to the former's working papers, published a complete 120-chapter version in 1792. Pu Songling was a famous writer of Liaozhai Zhiyi 《聊齋志異》during the Qing dynasty. He opened a tea house and invited his guests to tell stories, and then he would compile the tales into collections such as Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio.
Western influence: the Big Three.
In the early 20th century Shanghai became the birthplace and entertainment hub of the three new major art forms, Chinese cinema, Chinese animation and Chinese popular music. These entertainment were heavily inspired by western technology. For the first time, local citizens adopted and molded western culture to fit into Chinese culture in a positive way without any imperial court intervention.
The most popular form of comics Lianhuanhua which circulated as palm sized books in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Wuhan and Northern China. It became one of the most affordable form of entertainment art. The famous Sanmao character would also be born at this time.
Chinese popular music musicians like Zhou Xuan and Li Jinhui were immediately endangered under the new regime as it labeled the genre yellow music (pornography). On the contrary, revolutionary music was promoted and brought to new heights like never before. The film and animation industry would make their last run until the Cultural revolution, which would hinder any progress with serious restrictions and unreasonable censorship. A large number of Shanghai citizens, including artists, immigrated to Hong Kong. It would fuel the birth of modern Chinese art in the British colony that has until now, been largely dominated by British entertainment. The pop music industry would rebound in Taiwan and Hong Kong. The animation race would be lost to Japan.
Modern poetry.
Modern Chinese poems (新詩 vers libre) usually do not follow any prescribed pattern. Bei Dao is the most notable representative of the Misty Poets, a group of Chinese poets who reacted against the restrictions of the Cultural Revolution. The work of the Misty Poets and Bei Dao in particular were an inspiration to pro-democracy movements in China. Most notable was his poem ""Huida"" ("The Answer"), which was written during the 1976 Tiananmen demonstrations in which he participated. The poem was taken up as a defiant anthem of the pro-democracy movement and appeared on posters during the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.
Xu Zhimo is a romantic poet who loved the poetry of the English Romantics like Keats and Shelley. He was one of the first Chinese writers to successfully naturalize Western romantic forms into modern Chinese poetry.
Music.
Early Chinese music.
The origins of Chinese music and poetry can be found in the "Book of Songs", containing poems composed between 1000 BC and 600 BC. The text, preserved among the canon of early Chinese literature, contains folk songs, hymns and stately songs. Originally intended to be sung, the accompanying music unfortunately has since been lost. They had a wide range of purposes, including for courtship, ceremonial greetings, warfare, feasting and lamentation. The love poems are among the most appealing in the freshness and innocence of their language.
Early Chinese music was based on percussion instruments such as the bronze bell. Chinese bells were sounded by being struck from the outside, usually with a piece of wood. Sets of bells were suspended on wooden racks. Inside excavated bells are groves and marks of scraping and scratching made as they were tuned to the right pitch. Percussion instruments gradually gave way to string and reed instruments toward the Warring States period.
Significantly, the character for writing the word "music" ("yue") was the same as that for "joy" ("le"). For Confucius and his disciples, music was important because it had the power to make people harmonious and well balanced, or, conversely, caused them to be quarrelsome and depraved. According to Xun Zi, music was as important as the "li" ("rites"; "etiquette") stressed in Confucianism. Mozi, philosophically opposed to Confucianism, disagreed. He dismissed music as having only aesthetic uses, and thus useless and wasteful.
Performing art.
Yuan drama.
Chinese opera is a popular form of drama in China. In general, it dates back to the Tang dynasty with Emperor Xuanzong (712–755), who founded the "Pear Garden" (梨园), the first known opera troupe in China. The troupe mostly performed for the emperors' personal pleasure. To this day operatic professionals are still referred to as "Disciples of the Pear Garden" (梨园子弟). In the Yuan dynasty (1279–1368), forms like the "Zaju" (杂剧, variety plays), which acts based on rhyming schemes plus the innovation of having specialized roles like "Dan" (旦, female), "Sheng" (生, male) and "Chou" (丑, Clown), were introduced into the opera. 
Cantonese opera, which originated from the north and developed over time since, contains many well-known programs such as "The Purple Hairpin" and "Rejuvenation of the Red Plum Flower", originated from the Yuan Dynasty.
Peking opera.
The best-known form of Chinese opera is Beijing or Peking opera, which assumed its present form in the mid-19th century and was extremely popular in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911). In Beijing Opera, traditional Chinese string and percussion instruments provide a strong rhythmic accompaniment to the acting. The acting is based on allusion: gestures, footwork, and other body movements express such actions as riding a horse, rowing a boat, or opening a door.
Although it is called Beijing opera, its origins are not in Beijing but in the Chinese provinces of Anhui and Hubei. Beijing opera got its two main melodies, "Xipi" and "Erhuang", from Anhui and Hubei operas. Much dialogue is also carried out in an archaic dialect originating partially from those regions. It also absorbed music and arias from other operas and musical arts such as the historic Qinqiang. It is regarded that Beijing Opera was born when the Four Great Anhui Troupes came to Beijing in 1790. Beijing opera was originally staged for the court and came into the public later. In 1828, some famous Hubei troupes came to Beijing. They often jointly performed in the stage with Anhui troupes. The combination gradually formed Beijing opera's main melodies.
Dance.
In ancient China. Chinese dance was divided into two types, civilian and military. In the Shang and Zhou period, civilian dance, dancers held feather banners in their hands, symbolizing the distribution of the fruits of the day's hunting or fishing. Military dance involved brandishing of weapons, for example it was recorded that the Han founding Emperor Liu Bang was fond of the war dance of the Ba people, and large scale performances of the dance involved the brandishing of various weapons to the accompaniment of drums and songs in the Ba language.
The best known Chinese dances are the Dragon dance and the Lion Dance.
Visual arts.
Contemporary art.
New forms of Chinese art were heavily influenced by the New Culture Movement, which adopted Western techniques and employed socialist realism. The Cultural Revolution would shape Chinese art in the 20th century like no other event in history with the Four Olds destruction campaign. Contemporary Chinese artists continue to produce a wide range of experimental works, multimedia installations, and performance "happenings" which have become very popular in the international art market. 
Folk art.
Han Paper art.
The most notable invention of the Han period was paper which spawned two new types of arts. Chinese Paper Cutting became a new concept. The idea of expressing symbols and Chinese characters already a part of calligraphy was now extended to Han paper cut outs. Another art form was the Chinese paper folding. While it has its roots in the Han dynasty, later renditions would transform the art into origami, after Buddhist monks took paper to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9704632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704632" title="Open University of China">
Open University of China

The Open University of China () was established in Beijing in 1979. Its old name was China Central Radio and TV University (this is still the Chinese name), which reflects its heritage of providing a system of higher education through radio and television. The university is directly under the supervision of the Ministry of Education. The current president is Dr. Ge Daokai, Sun Lüyi, Li Linshu and Yan Bing are vice presidents, and Zhang Hui is party secretary of the university.
Currently, most courses are blended between face-to-face sessions and online/distance learning. It operates through 44 provincial radio and television universities (PTVUs), 279 prefectural/civic branch schools and 625 district/county work stations.
The RTVU system employs nearly 85,000 staff (including 52,600 full-time staff). It offers 75 majors in 9 disciplines and 24 specialties including science, engineering, agricultural science, medicine, literature, law, economics, management, and education.

</doc>
<doc id="9704660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704660" title="Yu Shiji">
Yu Shiji

Yu Shiji (虞世基) (died 618), courtesy name Maoshi (懋世 or 茂世), was an official of the Chinese dynasties Chen Dynasty and Sui Dynasty. He was particularly powerful during the reign of Emperor Yang of Sui and became prime minister, and was faulted by traditional historians for placating Emperor Yang and not reacting properly to agrarian rebellions. When Emperor Yang was killed in a coup led by the general Yuwen Huaji in 618, Yu was also killed.
During Chen Dynasty.
It is not known when Yu Shiji was born. His father Yu Li (虞荔) was a mid-level official during Chen Dynasty. Yu Shiji was considered knowledgeable and quiet in his youth, and was particularly good at calligraphy. The high level officials Kong Huan (孔奐) and Xu Ling (徐陵) were both impressed with him, and Xu was so impressed that he compared Yu Shiji to Pan Jun and Lu Xun, and gave a niece to him in marriage. He initially served on the staff of Chen Shuyin (陳叔英) the Prince of Jian'an—the brother to Chen's last emperor Chen Shubao, and later served in the imperial administration as well. Once, Chen Shubao was impressed with an essay Yu wrote on historical uses of the military and he awarded Yu a horse.
During Emperor Wen's reign.
In 589, Chen was conquered by Sui Dynasty, and Yu subsequently served in Sui's legislative bureau (內史省, "Neishi Sheng") as a low-level official during the reign of Emperor Wen. Despite his position, however, he had little money, and he was forced to take retainers in writing calligraphy in order to support his parent(s). He once wrote a poem about his poverty, and the poem became famous and praised for its beauty. Eventually, he was promoted within the legislative bureau.
During Emperor Yang's reign.
In 604, Emperor Wen died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Yang. Emperor Yang was impressed with Yu's talent and began to promote him, particularly after Liu Guyan (柳顧言), the head of the archival bureau (秘書省, "Mishu Sheng"), endorsed Yu, and Yu was promoted to be the deputy head of the legislative bureau. His mother soon died, however, and he left imperial service to serve a mourning period, although Emperor Yang soon recalled him to governmental service. Emperor Yang made him, along with Niu Hong (牛弘), Su Wei, Yuwen Shu, Zhang Jin (張瑾), Pei Yun (裴蘊), and Pei Ju in charge of selecting and promoting officials, and they were known as the "seven nobles of officialdom." However, it was said that the actual selective powers were in Yu's hands, and that Yu became exceedingly corrupt, making recommendations based on the amount of bribes that he received. It was further said that he was so enamored with his second wife Lady Su that he spent much of his gains in impressing and decorating her. He thus became despised by the people, particularly in comparison to his brother Yu Shinan, who was praised for his integrity. It was said that a major reason why Emperor Yang trusted Yu greatly was that Yu was good at figuring out what he intended and following it, notwithstanding any adverse impact such decisions might have on the government or the populace. He appeared to suffer no adverse consequences from his son Yu Zirou (虞子柔)'s joining the rebellion of Yang Xuangan in 613, and even Yu Zirou was not executed after Emperor Yang's forces defeated Yang Xuangan.
In 615, while Emperor Yang was visiting the city of Yanmen (雁門, in modern Xinzhou, Shanxi), Tujue's Shibi Khan Ashina Duojishi made a surprise attack on Yanmen and put it under siege. Emperor Yang was frightened, but Yu suggested that he try to restore the morale by announcing publicly that he was terminating the campaigns against Goguryeo and would award the soldiers greatly if they could lift the siege. Subsequently, Ashina Duojieshi lifted the siege when his wife Princess Yicheng (the daughter of a clansman of Emperor Yang's) falsely informed him that Tujue was under attack from the north. After the siege was lifted, however, Emperor Yang reneged on both his promises to terminate the Goguryeo campaigns and to reward the soldiers greatly, and much resentment from the people became aimed toward Yu.
In 616, because much of Sui territory had become engulfed in agrarian rebellions, Yu suggested that an army be stationed at Luokou Storage (洛口倉, near the eastern capital Luoyang) to protect it from pillagers, and Emperor Yang rebuked him for being fearful. From that point on, Yu no longer suggested any tactics against the rebels, figuring out that Emperor Yang did not want to hear about the rebels. When the general Yang Yichen was able to defeat several major rebels north of the Yellow River and forced many rebels to surrender, Emperor Yang was surprised at how many rebels surrendered—and Yu responded by stating, falsely, that Yang Yichen had been able to get "all" of them to surrender and that Emperor Yang no longer needed to worry. Subsequently, at Yu's instigation, probably because both Yu and Emperor Yang were apprehensive of Yang Yichen's responsibilities, Yang Yichen's forces were disbanded, and Yang Yichen himself was recalled to the imperial government around the new year 617 and ostensibly promoted but was detached from the army. Once Yang Yichen's campaigns terminated, the rebellions went unchecked.
Later in 617, against the advice of a number of officials, Emperor Yang left Luoyang to go to Jiangdu (江都, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu). After Emperor Yang left Luoyang, the rebels became particularly encouraged, and one of the major rebels, Li Mi, seized not only Luokou Storage but also Huiluo Storage (回洛倉), making his army well-supplied while depriving the Sui forces at Luoyang of food supplies. Emperor Yang's grandson Yang Tong the Prince of Yue, left in charge of Luoyang, sent his staff member Yuan Shanda (元善達) to Jiangdu to request help from Emperor Yang, and Yuan tearfully reported to Emperor Yang, "Li Mi has several million men. He has put Luoyang under siege and occupied Luokou Storage, making Luoyang lack food. If Your Imperial Majesty shall return quickly, his band of men will disband; otherwise, the eastern capital will surely fall." Emperor Yang was touched, but Yu responded, "The Prince of Yue is young and easy to deceive. If the bandits are really that strong, how could Yuan Shanda get here?" Emperor Yang thus became convinced that Yuan was deceiving him and ordered him to go to a rebel-occupied commandery to collect food supplies, and Yuan was killed by the rebels. Thereafter, few officials dared to speak about the rebels.
By spring 618, Emperor Yang, aware that rebels had occupied much of the northern empire, no longer had any intent to return to the north, wishing to take refuge at Danyang (丹楊, in modern Nanjing, Jiangsu), south of the Yangtze River. Yu endorsed the plan, and despite opposition by the general Li Cai (李才), Emperor Yang began building a palace at Danyang in anticipation of moving the capital there. The elite Xiaoguo Army, then with Emperor Yang at Jiangdu, was protecting Emperor Yang, but their ranks, stricken with homesickness, was suffering many defections. Several of its commanders believed that they would be punished, and they decided to carry out a coup, with Yuwen Shu's son Yuwen Huaji the Duke of Xu as their leader. The general Zhang Huishao (張惠紹) heard about the plot and reported it to Pei Yun, and Pei and Zhang planned to issue a false edict to have Yuwen Huaji arrested and then mobilize the troops against the coup leaders. They report to Yu, and Yu, believing that the report was false, refused to support the plan. The coup soon went into action, and the coup leaders killed Emperor Yang, and then killed many of his relatives and high level officials. Yu was one that they were ready to execute. Yu's sons Yu Xi (虞熙), Yu Rou, and Yu Hui (虞晦) all offered to die before their father, and were executed first. Yu Shi'nan offered to die instead of Yu Shiji, but the coup leaders did not accept the offer and executed Yu Shiji.

</doc>
<doc id="9704665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704665" title="Leon Wasilewski">
Leon Wasilewski

Leon Wasilewski (1870–1936) was an activist of the Polish Socialist Party (PPS), a coworker of Józef Piłsudski, Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs, designer of much of Second Polish Republic policy towards the East, historian and father of Wanda Wasilewska.
Life and career.
Politician.
Born on 24 August 1870 in St. Petersburg, to a family of Polish émigrés from Livonia, his education stopped at the level of gymnasium. After a brief participation in the "endecja" movement (Liga Narodowa), he joined the PPS in Galicia in the 1890s - he would remain a member of the party for his entire life (and join the party's top policy-making body in the late 1920s). Editor of "Przedświt" (PPS publication in London), and later, "Robotnik" in Galicia. He was loyal to Piłsudski, even during the PPS split in the 1900s, when he remained with his Revolution Faction. Activist in the Komisja Tymczasowa Skonfederowanych Stronnictw Niepodległościowych (1912-1914). During the First World War, he was a member of several Polish organizations, including the Chief National Committee, and from 1917, a member of the Polish Military Organisation. After Poland regained independence, he became the first Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs, serving in the government of Jędrzej Moraczewski from 17 November 1918 to 16 January 1919. Afterwards he served as an advisior to naczelnik państwa, Józef Piłsudski; he was a member of the Polish National Committee in Paris (in 1919); and served as the Polish ambassador to Estonia (1920-1921). He took part in the Treaty of Riga negotiations and the commission for the delimitation of Poland's eastern borders.
Scholar.
Afterwards he concentrated on historical research. He researched linguistics (particularly Slavic languages), ethnography of the Central and Eastern European lands, and history of literature. He would serve as the director of two institutes ("Instytut Badania Najnowszej Historii Polski" (Institute of Studies of Modern Polish History) in the 1920s and "Instytut Badań Narodowościowych" (Institute of Nationality Studies) in the 1930s) and editor of the journal "Niepodległośc". Supporter of Międzymorze federation idea, as well as Prometheism, he was also a vocal opponent of polonization, arguing that Ukrainians and Belarusians living in Poland should be allowed to assimilate into Polish society at their will and speed. Author of many works, among them "Litwa i Białoruś" ("Lithuania and Belorussia", 1912), "Ukraińska sprawa narodowa w jej rozwoju historycznym" ("The Ukrainian National Cause in its Historical Development", 1925), "Zarys dziejów PPS" ("A Short History of the PPS", 1925), "Józef Piłsudski, jakim go znałem" ("Józef Piłsudski, as I knew him", 1935).
His daughter, Wanda Wasilewska, was a prominent pro-Soviet communist activist in the People's Republic of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9704668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704668" title="Decision-to-decision path">
Decision-to-decision path

A decision-to-decision path, or DD-Path, is a path of execution (usually through a graph representing a program, such as a flow-chart) between two decisions. All nodes in a flowchart of a program belong to one DD-path.
Definition.
To define a DD-path we use the notions of a chain and a maximal chain.
A chain is defined as a path in which:
A maximal chain is a chain that is not part of a bigger chain.
A DD-path is a set of nodes in a program graph such that one of the following holds:
Properties.
From the definition we can conclude the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9704674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704674" title="Alonzo Nute">
Alonzo Nute

Alonzo Nute (February 12, 1826 – December 24, 1892) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire. He was born in Milton, New Hampshire where he attended the common schools. He moved to Natick, Massachusetts in 1842 but returned to New Hampshire in 1848 and engaged in the manufacture of boots and shoes in Farmington. In the spring of 1861, he entered the Union Army in the Sixth Regiment, New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry during the Civil War.
Nute served as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1866 after the war. He also served in the New Hampshire Senate in 1867 and 1868. In addition, he was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1876. He was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-first Congress (March 4, 1889-March 3, 1891) but was not a candidate for renomination in 1890. He died in Farmington in 1892 and was buried in Pine Grove Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9704675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704675" title="UPS Airlines">
UPS Airlines

UPS Airlines is an American cargo airline owned by United Parcel Service Inc. (). The company is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky. Its headquarters, Worldport, is based at Louisville International Airport. The pilots are represented by the Independent Pilots Association.
History.
Early years.
The origin of transporting packages by air for UPS (then United Parcel Service) dates to 1929; much like the U.S Postal Service, UPS packages were transported as baggage on commercial airline flights. Many packages were shipped by the Ford Trimotors of United Airlines. After Black Tuesday and the beginning of the Great Depression, the air service would be discontinued by the end of 1931. However, the air service would lead to the expansion beyond the West Coast; in 1930, the company moved operations from Oakland to New York City and established operations in other regions across the country as well.
After World War II, UPS (in the process of acquiring common carrier rights for every address in the United States) revisited the idea of shipping packages by air. Starting in 1953, 2-day delivery was offered on coast-to-coast packages; the service was called Blue Label Air. As before, volume was transported via commercial flights. Initially unprofitable, Blue Label Air became popular as its speed created enough demand to maintain a profit.
1975–1988.
In 1975, UPS started its first international operations as it moved into Canada; the next year, it started service in Germany. As UPS had become a truly international company, the need for its own fleet of aircraft was becoming imminent rather than relying on commercial flights. Additionally, competitor Federal Express, with its own jet fleet, was making inroads on UPS and had become profitable for the first time in 1976. In 1978, the Airline Deregulation Act gave UPS a significant opportunity: the company could now establish its own airline and flying from city to city would require far fewer legislative hurdles, as the federal government now encouraged competition between airlines. In 1980, UPS opened its first major hub, located in Louisville, Kentucky; the location was chosen largely because it is three hours flying distance (by jet) from the majority of the continental United States. Also in the early 1980s, the company began acquiring a fleet of jet aircraft recently retired from commercial aircraft duty; it was composed of Douglas DC-8s, Boeing 727-100s, and Boeing 747-100s.
1988–2000.
In 1988, UPS Airlines was founded; at the time of its founding, UPS had a route network serving 41 countries connecting the United States to Asia and Europe. During the 1990s, the airline expanded its jet fleet with all-new aircraft. The first of its 75 Boeing 757-200s was delivered starting in 1987, while 32 767-300s were delivered beginning in 1995. In the 1990s, the airline began to expand its network beyond the Louisville hub with facilities in Rockford, Illinois; Philadelphia; Dallas; Columbia, South Carolina; and Ontario, California.
As the jet fleet flies primarily on weekdays, UPS was eager to find ways for its aircraft to produce income other ways. In the 1990s, eight 727s were converted (at a cost of $2.5 million each) into 727-100QC (QC=Quick Change) freighters that were able to be converted into passenger aircraft for the purpose of charters.
2000 – present.
In 2000, the UPS airline fleet saw another major addition, as the first of 90 Airbus A300 freighters entered service; these marked the first non-Boeing/Douglas aircraft in the fleet. In 2001, the airline ended its passenger service, focusing exclusively on freight service. In April 2001, the airline made its first flights to China, six days a week. In 2003, the aircraft saw a change in livery as United Parcel Service officially became UPS and the tail logo (a design seen since 1961) was redesigned.
During the 2000s, the makeup of the UPS Airlines fleet changed considerably. In the mid-2000s, the oldest and lowest-capacity aircraft, the Boeing 727s, were retired. From 2008 to 2009, the airline phased out its 747-100, 747-200, and DC-8 fleet; at the time, nearly half of the world's active DC-8 fleet was operated by the company.
In April 2010, UPS completed its expansion of Worldport in Louisville, after five years of construction.
On February 8, 2010 UPS announced the plans to furlough at least 300 pilots in 2010 and 2011, cancelling the agreement reached in 2009 between UPS and the Independent Pilots Association. UPS has furloughed 108 pilots as of April 2011. The last pilot was furloughed in August 2010 and additional furloughs have been cancelled, according to UPS.
Destinations.
UPS flies to more than 200 countries and territories around the world, serving 388 U.S. airports with 936 flight segments, and 378 international airports with 755 flight segments daily. Most UPS Airlines flights go through the UPS Worldport at Louisville International Airport. In addition to Worldport, UPS Airlines operates regionally-focused hubs in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Ontario, California; Dallas, Texas; Rockford, Illinois and Columbia, South Carolina. Philadelphia is the main transatlantic hub for flights to Europe. Other hubs in North America include Hamilton, Ontario and Miami, Florida. Internationally, UPS operates hubs in Cologne, Germany; Hong Kong; Shanghai, China and Shenzhen, China.
Fleet.
As of September 2013, UPS Airlines has an active fleet of 237 aircraft with an average age of 14.8 years. In addition, the airline charters 293 aircraft.
In January 2005, UPS Airlines placed an order for 10 freighter versions of the Airbus A380 with an option for 10 more; as part of the deal, the airline reduced an existing commitment for 90 Airbus A300 freighters to 53. In March 2007, the order was cancelled, citing production delays that pushed the initial delivery date beyond 2012. 
In August 2005, the airline ordered 8 Boeing 747-400's to increase capacity on its major trunk routes to Europe, Asia, and North America. Deliveries of these started in June 2007. UPS Airlines placed a firm order for 27 additional Boeing 767–300 Freighters in February 2007 to be delivered 2009 to 2013.
Livery.
UPS Airlines currently uses a tricolor livery on its aircraft. The majority of the fuselage is white, with the vertical stabilizer and rear portion of the fuselage painted UPS Pullman Brown. A gold stripe separates the brown and white painted areas. On the forward third of the fuselage is written: "Worldwide Services: Synchronizing the world of commerce". The current livery was introduced in 2003 to commemorate the redesign of the UPS corporate logo.
From 1988 to 2003, the UPS airline used a brown and white livery. A brown cheatline was applied along the center of the fuselage; this was done to cover up the passenger windows on converted passenger aircraft in the fleet. On the forward third of the fuselage above the cheatline was written: "United Parcel Service".
Use of Continuous Descent Approach (CDA) to save fuel.
UPS Airlines is experimenting with a Global Positioning System-based landing procedure, called Continuous-Descent Approach at the Worldport, replacing the traditional holding pattern and step-wise descent. CDA is used to reduce the time and fuel needed to approach a runway and land by eliminating the need to alternatively reduce and increase throttle to descend and level off. UPS Airlines estimates that this procedure saves an average of 250 to 465 lbs (110–210 kilograms) of fuel per flight. CDA is part of the Federal Aviation Administration's long-term "Next-Gen" air traffic control plan.

</doc>
<doc id="9704676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704676" title="Anemia of prematurity">
Anemia of prematurity

Anemia of prematurity refers to a form of anemia affecting preterm infants with decreased hematocrit.
Pathophysiology.
Preterm infants are often anemic and typically experience heavy blood losses from frequent laboratory testing in the first few weeks of life. Although their anemia is multifactorial, repeated blood sampling and reduced erythropoiesis with extremely low serum levels of erythropoietin (EPO) are major determining factors. Blood sampling done for laboratory testing can easily remove enough blood to produce anemia. Obladen, Sachsenweger and Stahnke (1987) studied 60 very low birth weight infants during the first 28 days of life. Infants were divided into 3 groups, group 1 (no ventilator support, 24 ml/kg blood loss), group 2(minor ventilated support, 60 ml/kg blood loss), and group 3(ventilated support for respiratory distress syndrome, 67 ml/kg blood loss). Infants were checked for clinical symptoms and laboratory signs of anemia 24 hours before and after the blood transfusion. The study found that groups 2 and 3 who had significant amount of blood loss, showed poor weight gain, pallor and distended abdomen. These reactions are the most frequent symptoms of anemia.
During the first weeks of life, all infants experience a decline in circulating red blood cell (RBC) volume generally expressed as blood hemoglobin concentration (Hb). As anemia develops, there is even more of a significant reduction in the concentration of hemoglobin. Normally this stimulates a significant increased production of erythropoietin (EPO), but this response is diminished in premature infants. Dear, Gill, Newell, Richards and Schwarz (2005) conducted a study to show that there is a weak negative correlation between EPO and Hb. The researchers recruited 39 preterm infants from 10 days of age or as soon as they could manage without respiratory support. They estimated total EPO and Hb weekly and 2 days after a blood transfusion. The study found that when Hb>10, EPO mean was 20.6 and when Hb≤10, EPO mean was 26.8. As Hb goes down, EPO goes up. While the reason for this decreased response is not fully understood, Strauss (n.d.) states that it results from both physiological factors (e.g., the rapid rate of growth and need for a commensurate increase in RBC mass to accompany the increase in blood volume) and, in sick premature infants, from phlebotomy blood losses. In premature infants this decline occurs earlier and more pronounced that it does in healthy term infants. Healthy term infants Hb rarely falls below 9 g/dL at an age of approximately 10–12 weeks, while in premature infants, even in those without complicating illnesses, the mean Hb falls to approximately 8g/dL in infants of 1.0-1.5 kg birth weight and to 7g/dL in infants <1.0 kg. Because this postnatal drop in hemoglobin level is universal and is well tolerated in term infants, it is commonly referred to as the “physiologic” anemia of infancy. However, in premature infants the decline in Hb may be associated with abnormal clinical signs severe enough to prompt transfusions.
Treatment.
Transfusion.
AOP is usually treated by blood transfusion but the indications for this are still unclear. Blood transfusions have the risk of incompatibility and transfusion reactions as well as viral infections. Also, blood transfusions are costly and add to parental anxiety. The best treatment in prevention is minimizing the amount of blood drawn from the infant. It is found that since blood loss attributable to laboratory testing is the primary cause of anemia among preterm infants during the first weeks of life, we quantified blood lost attributable to phlebotomy overdraw, something that might be avoided. A study was done to see when and if overdraw was a problem. They recorded all of the data that could be of influence such as the test performed, the blood collection container used, the infants location (neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and intermediate intensive care unit), the infant’s weight sampling and the phlebotomist’s level of experience, work shift, and clinical role. Infants were classified by weight into 3 groups: <1 kg, 1 to 2 kg, and >2 kg. The volume of blood removed was calculated by subtracting the weight of the empty collection container from that of the container filled with blood. They found that the mean volume of blood drawn for the 578 tests exceeded that requested by the hospital laboratory by 19.0% ± 1.8% per test. The main factors of overdraw was: collection in blood containers without fill-lines, lighter weight infants and critically ill infants being cared for in the NICU.
EPO.
Recombinant EPO (r-EPO) may be given to premature infants to stimulate red blood cell production. Brown and Keith (1999) studied two groups of 40 very low birth weight (VLBW) infants to compare the erythropoietic response between two and five times a week dosages of recombinant human erythropoietin (r-EPO) using the same dose. They established that more frequent dosing of the same weekly amount of r-EPO generated a significant and continuous increase in Hb in VLBW infants. The infants that received five dosages had 219,857 mm³ while infants that received two dosages only had 173,361 mm³. However, the response to r-EPO typically takes up to two weeks and the higher dosages lead to higher Hb. Brown and Keith (1999) study also showed responses between two dosage schedules (two times a week and five times a week). Infants were recruited for gestational age—age since conception—≤27 weeks and 28 to 30 weeks and then randomized into the two groups, each totaling 500 U/kg a week. Brown and Keith found that after two weeks of r-EPO administration, Hb counts had increased and leveled off; the infants who received r-EPO five times a week had significantly higher Hb counts. This was present at four weeks for all infants ≤30 weeks gestation and at 8 weeks for infants ≤27 weeks gestation.
To date, studies of r-EPO use in premature infants have had mixed results. Ohls et al. examined the use of early r-EPO plus iron and found no short-term benefits in two groups of infants (172 infants less than 1000 g and 118 infants 1000–1250 g). All r-EPO treated infants received 400 U/g three times a week until they reached 35 weeks gestational age. The use of r-EPO did not decrease the average number of transfusions in the infants born at less than 1000 g, or the percentage of infants in the 1000 to 1250 group. A multi-center European trial studied early versus late r-EPO in 219 infants with birth weights between 500 and 999 g. An r-EPO close of 750 U/kg/week was given to infants in both the early (1–9 weeks) and late (4–10 weeks) groups. The two r-EPO groups were compared to a control group who did not receive r-EPO. Infants in all three groups received 3 to 9 mg/kg of enteral iron. These investigators reported a slight decrease in transfusion and donor exposures in the early r-EPO group (1–9 weeks): 13% early, 11% late and 4% control group. It is likely that only a carefully selected subpopulation of infants may benefit from its use. Contrary to what just said, Bain and Blackburn (2004) also state in another study the use of r-EPO does not appear to have a significant effect on reducing the numbers of early transfusions in most infants, but may be useful to reduce numbers of late transfusion in extremely low-birth-weight infants. A British task force to establish transfusion guidelines for neonates and young children and to help try to explain this confusion recently concluded that “the optimal dose, timing, and nutritional support required during EPO treatment has yet to be defined and currently the routine use of EPO in this patient population is not recommended as similar reduction in blood use can probably be achieved with appropriate transfusion protocols.”
Transfusion management.
Other strategies involve the reduction of blood loss during phlebotomy.
Another treatment used is therapeutic strategies. These strategies are aimed at reducing transfusions have assessed the use of strict blood transfusions guidelines and EPO therapy, but reduction of blood loss is most important. For extremely low birth weight infants, laboratory blood testing using bedside devices offers a unique opportunity to reduce blood transfusions. This practice has been referred to as point-of-care testing. Use of these kind of devices to measure the most common ordered blood tests could significantly decrease phlebotomy loss and lead to a reduction in the need for blood transfusions among critically ill premature neonates. A study was done by Adams, Benitz, Geaghan, Kumar, Madan and Widness (2005) to test this theory by conducting a retrospective chart review on all inborn infants <1000g admitted to the NICU during two separate years. Conventional bench top laboratory analysis during the first year was done using Radiometer Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzer. Bedside blood gas analysis during the second year was performed using a point-of-care analyzer. An estimated blood loss in the two groups was determined based on the number of specific blood tests on individual infants. The study found that there was an estimated 30% reduction in the total volume of blood removed for the blood tests. This study concluded that there is modern technology that can be used instead of blood transfusions and r-EPO.

</doc>
<doc id="9704682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704682" title="James Haire">
James Haire

Ian James Mitchell Haire AC, KStJ (born 1946, Northern Ireland) is a Christian minister of religion. He is currently the Director of the Public and Contextual Theology Research Centre at Charles Sturt University in Canberra. He was formerly the President of the National Council of Churches in Australia and of the Uniting Church in Australia.
Education.
Haire was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution and at Worcester College, University of Oxford, where he studied classics and theology on a scholarship, and was a rower. He graduated with a B.A. (Hons) and M.A. in theology.
He undertook management training in Britain and Europe, and then postgraduate theological studies in Leiden, Birmingham and Belfast. His Ph.D. in theology is from the University of Birmingham.
Honorary degrees.
He has received the following Honorary Degrees
Work.
Haire was ordained as a Christian minister in 1972. From 1972 to 1985 he was a missionary of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland, serving in Halmahera in the Molucca Islands and Sulawesi, Indonesia, where he worked as a Lecturer and Principal at Halmahera Theological College, and as Professor of Theology at the Christian University of Indonesia at Tomohon, Sulawesi. He served as a Minister of the Halmahera Church, Indonesia from 1972 to 1985, and continues to be a Minister of that Church.
Haire served as Uniting Church Minister of Darwin City Parish (Northern Territory, Australia) from 1985 to 1986.
From 1987 to 2003, he was Professor of New Testament Studies at Trinity Theological College, Brisbane, and was Principal of Trinity College from 1992 to 2000. He was also the Dean of the Brisbane College of Theology from 1991 to 1997, and President of the Brisbane College of Theology from 1997 to 1999. In addition, he was Professor of Theology at Griffith University in Brisbane, and was Head of the School of Theology at Griffith University from 1993 to 2000. 
He has examined for higher degrees at various universities in Australia, New Zealand, The Netherlands and South-East Asia. He has been Visiting Professor at two Indonesian Universities, and has been on the Editorial Boards or Advisory Boards of six international theological journals (based in Australia, Scotland, Ireland, Switzerland, The Netherlands and the United Kingdom) and two international theological book series (based in Germany and The Netherlands). 
In 2009 he became a member of the Center of Theological Inquiry (CTI) at Princeton University. In 2011 he became an Honorary Fellow of Emmanuel College, University of Queensland. In 2012 he became Extraordinary Professor of Theology at the University of Halmahera, Indonesia, where he had previously been Visiting Professor. Since 2012 he has been one of the International Evaluators for the Manfred Lautenschlaeger Award for Theological Promise, (the successor to the John Templeton Award for Theological Promise), in the Wissenschaftlich-theologisches Seminar at the University of Heidelberg, Germany.
He was co-chair of the National Dialogue between the Uniting Church in Australia and Catholic Church in Australia from 1992 to 2004. He represented the Uniting Church at the Fifth World Conference on Faith and Order of the World Council of Churches in Spain in 1993, and was an Official Guest at the Ninth Assembly of the World Council of Churches meeting in Porto Alegre, Brazil in 2006. 
Since 2002 he has been a member of the International Joint Commission for Dialogue of the World Methodist Council and the Roman Catholic Church (MRCIC). From 2004 to 2010 he was a member of the Network of Theologians of the World Alliance of Reformed Churches (WARC), and since 2009 has been a member of the Editorial Advisory Board of "Reformed World" of the World Communion of Reformed Churches (WCRC). 
He was a Main Speaker at the Maramon Convention in India in 2006. He was Niles Memorial Lecturer and Keynote Speaker at the Twelfth General Assembly of the Christian Conference of Asia in Chiang Mai, Thailand in 2005, and was a member of the Executive and General Committees of the Christian Conference of Asia from 2005 to 2010. He was Thomas Mar Athanasius Memorial Lecturer in India in 2004, and Ferguson Lecturer in New Zealand in 2007.
Haire has also been a member of the Advisory Board of the National Institute of Law, Ethics and Public Affairs (later the Key Centre for Ethics, Law, Justice and Governance), and was a member and chairperson of the Griffith Asia Pacific Council.
He was President-Elect of the Uniting Church in Australia from 1997 to 2000, President of the Uniting Church in Australia from 2000 to 2003, and Ex-President from 2003 to 2006. He was Chairperson of the National Heads of Churches from 2000 to 2003.
From 2003 to 2013 he was Executive Director of the Australian Centre for Christianity and Culture within Charles Sturt University, of which he is also Professor of Theology and Director of the Public and Contextual Theology Research Centre (PACT)
Haire served as President of the National Council of Churches in Australia (NCCA) from 2003 to 2006.
He is a published book author (his work also translated into Dutch and Indonesian), and has had many academic articles and book chapters published internationally.
A Festschrift in his honour, entitled in English: "Gospel and Cultures: Friends or Foes?", was presented to him in 2012.
He became a Presidential Friend of Indonesia in 2010. In 2012 the James Haire Research Centre was opened in Halmahera, Indonesia, and named after him.
In 2014 he was appointed Chairman of the Advisory Council of The Global Foundation. In 2014 he was also appointed President of Christians for an Ethical Society.
Family.
He is one of five children of the Reverend Professor James 'Jimmie' Haire (1970 Moderator of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland) and Dr. Margaret Haire.
Honours.
He became a KStJ (Knight of the Order of St John) in 2000, and a Rotary Honorary Peace Ambassador in 2001. He was awarded an Australian Centenary Medal in 2003, and was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in 2006. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC), Australia's highest civilian honour, in 2013, "For eminent service to the community through international leadership in ecumenical and interfaith dialogue, the promotion of religious reconciliation, inclusion and peace, and as a theologian."

</doc>
<doc id="9704698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704698" title="Alexander Calder (disambiguation)">
Alexander Calder (disambiguation)

Alexander Calder (1898–1976) was an American sculptor and inventor of the mobile sculpture.
Alexander Calder may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9704718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704718" title="Linolelaidic acid">
Linolelaidic acid

Linolelaidic acid is an omega-6 trans fatty acid (TFA)and is a geometric isomer of linoleic acid. It is found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oils. It is a white (or colourless) viscous liquid.
TFAs are classified as conjugated and nonconjugated, corresponding usually to the structural elements -CH=CH-CH2-CH=CH- and -CH=CH-CH=CH-, respectively. Nonconjugated TFAs are represented by elaidic acid and linolelaidic acid. Their presence is linked heart diseases. The TFA vaccenic acid, which is of animal origin, poses less of a health risk.

</doc>
<doc id="9704753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704753" title="Nanette Hansen">
Nanette Hansen

Nanette Hansen was a journalist with CBS, NBC, and CNBC. She co-hosted NBC's "Early Today" program from 1999 to 2004 with meteorologist Joe Witte. After leaving NBC, Hanson shifted careers to real estate, first with Corcoran Group Real Estate and currently with Sotheby's International Realty's East Hampton, NY office. 

</doc>
<doc id="9704785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704785" title="John Friedlander">
John Friedlander

John Benjamin Friedlander is a Canadian mathematician specializing in analytic number theory. He received his B.Sc. from the University of Toronto in 1965, an M.A. from the University of Waterloo in 1966, and a Ph.D. from Pennsylvania State University in 1972. He was a lecturer at M.I.T. in 1974-76, and has been on the faculty of the University of Toronto since 1977, where he served as Chair during 1987-91. He has also spent several years at the Institute for Advanced Study where he has collaborated with Enrico Bombieri and many others.
In 1997, in joint work with Henryk Iwaniec, Friedlander proved that infinitely many prime numbers can be obtained as the sum of a square and fourth power. Friedlander and Iwaniec improved Enrico Bombieri's "asymptotic sieve" technique to construct their proof.
Awards and honors.
In 1999, Friedlander received the Jeffery–Williams Prize.
In 1988, Friedlander became a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9704788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704788" title="Daimyo series">
Daimyo series

The Daimyo series consists of three historical novels by William Morell:
Morell has also written "The Country Team", not in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="9704790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704790" title="Schwann">
Schwann

Schwann may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9704823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704823" title="St. Joseph High School (Istanbul)">
St. Joseph High School (Istanbul)

Lycée Saint-Joseph () is a private high school located in Istanbul, Turkey. It is a French school founded in 1870. Classes are taught in Turkish, French, and English. 

</doc>
<doc id="9704862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704862" title="Gerda Hnatyshyn">
Gerda Hnatyshyn

Karen Gerda Hnatyshyn, CC (née Karen Gerda Nygaard Andreasen) (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1935) was the wife of Ray Hnatyshyn, Governor General of Canada from 1990 to 1995, and served as viceregal consort during Ray Hnatyshyn's term of office.
She attended the University of Saskatchewan and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Dietetics and Nutrition. After an internship at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal, she worked as a hospital dietician in Saskatoon and Ottawa. She married Hnatyshyn in January 1960. The couple had two sons, John Georg Hnatyshyn and Carl Andrew Nygaard Hnatyshyn.
As the spouse of a Governor General, she was also invested as a Companion of the Order of Canada upon Ray Hnatyshyn's swearing-in.
She co-authored "Rideau Hall: Canada's Living Heritage", about Rideau Hall, in 1994 with the proceeds going to make purchases of art and furnishings for the official residence. She also worked with the Canadian Heritage Garden Foundation to develop a heritage garden in the grounds of Rideau Hall.
Gerda Hnatyshyn is currently president and chair of the Hnatyshyn Foundation, an arts granting organization.

</doc>
<doc id="9704864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704864" title="Serouj Kradjian">
Serouj Kradjian

Serouj Kradjian is an Armenian-Canadian pianist and composer.
Early life and education.
Born in 1973, at fourteen earned a scholarship to study in Vienna, and was gaining allocades by the age of seven. He moved to Vienna at fourteen to pursue his training on a scholarship. He later studied with Marietta Orlov at the University of Toronto's Faculty of Music, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Piano Performance in 1994. He studied with Einar Steen-Nökleberg at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater in Hanover, Germany, receiving a Solo Performance degree in 2001.
Performances.
Kradjian has appeared with the Vancouver and Edmonton Symphonies, Göttingen Symphony, Russian National Orchestra, the Armenian Philharmonic and the Thailand Philharmonic under the baton of conductors such as Bramwell Tovey, Stéphane Denève, Gudni Emilsson and Raffi Armenian. 
Kradjian has performed solo and chamber music recitals in many world venues and he has been invited to perform at festivals such as the Bergen Festival, Savannah Music Festival, Colmar Festival and the Festival Del Sole- Tuscan Sun Festival in Cortona, Italy. 
Works composed or arranged by Kradjian have been performed by I Musici Montreal, the Vancouver Symphony and the Elmer Iseler Singers. He was also founder and music director of Camerata Creativa in Madrid, Spain, a chamber orchestra dedicated to the performance of contemporary works.
His concerts have been broadcast by the CBC, Radio de la Suisse Romande, Radio and TV España, the BBC, the Süddeutsche Rundfunk and NHK Japan.
In the 2008/09 season Kradjian become the artistic director and pianist of the Amici Ensemble.
Discography.
Kradjian's discography includes traversals of Franz Liszt's Transcendental Etudes and Piano Concerti on the Warner Music Spain label. “Miniatures”, an anthology of music written by Armenian composers, and Robert Schumann's three Sonatas for Violin and Piano (with Ara Malikian) are both Hänssler Classic releases. In 2002, he began working with soprano Isabel Bayrakdarian, and their disc of songs by Pauline Viardot-Garcia was released in 2005, bringing the two artists, who are a married couple, a 2006 Juno Award for Classical Album of the Year. He has explored and performed tango music which led to the disc “Tango Notturno” on CBC Records. His award-winning orchestral arrangements of folk songs by Gomidas – Armenia's national composer – were released in 2008 on the Nonesuch label.
Awards.
Kradjian has won the Chalmers Grant of the Ontario Arts Council and the Canada Council.
Personal life.
A speaker of six languages, Kradjian lives in Toronto, Canada with Isabel Bayrakdarian and their son, Ari and daughter, Leah.

</doc>
<doc id="9704872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704872" title="Maid-Rite Sandwich Shop (Springfield, Illinois)">
Maid-Rite Sandwich Shop (Springfield, Illinois)

The Maid-Rite Sandwich Shop in Springfield, Illinois is one of the few remaining early Maid-Rite franchises in the United States. This specific shop claims to have the first drive-thru window in the U.S. The building, along historic U.S. Route 66, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9704876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704876" title="Rhodes Brothers">
Rhodes Brothers

Rhodes Brothers was a department store located in Tacoma, Washington, established in 1892 as a coffee shop in downtown Tacoma by Albert, William, Henry and Charles Rhodes. The store greatly expanded through the years, including having a tea room, a branch library and a separate budget store. At one time there were signs on highways in Washington that said, "All roads lead to Rhodes," giving the number of miles to the Rhodes store in Tacoma. 
There was also a Rhodes Brothers store at the Villa Plaza Shopping Center in Lakewood, Washington, that opened in 1957. At some point, Rhodes was acquired by Western Department Stores Inc., which also owned Kahn's of Oakland, CA, and Olds & King of Portland, OR. 
In 1960 the name of the company was changed to Rhodes Western and all the stores became Rhodes. In 1969 Rhodes Western was acquired by Amfac which owned the Liberty House chain of department stores and took on that name. Liberty House opened a location in Tacoma Mall in 1973 where Rhodes Western had been considering opening a location before they were bought out. The Lakewood & Tacoma Mall locations were sold to Frederick & Nelson in 1979. The downtown Tacoma Rhodes store was closed in December 1974. The downtown Tacoma location was bought by the University of Puget Sound in 1980. 
Albert Rhodes left Rhodes Brothers in 1907 and moved to Seattle, where he established the Rhodes Department Store. By 1926 it anchored the corner of Second Avenue and Union Streets in the downtown retail core. The store, which by then had suburban branches, was bought by Lamonts. It closed the downtown store in 1968. (See the Seattle Department of Neighborhoods web site, Seattle.gov, and its information on the Albert J. Rhodes mansion, designed by Ambrose J. Russell and Frederick Heath (architect).)

</doc>
<doc id="9704883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704883" title="Laurentian Abyss">
Laurentian Abyss

The Laurentian Abyss is an underwater depression off the eastern coast of Canada in the Atlantic Ocean. Not a trench, but more of an "underwater valley", it is estimated to be at most ~19,685 feet (3.7 miles; 6.0 km) in depth. The Laurentian Abyss is a product of glaciation and water currents from the Saint Lawrence River.
The trench is the site of hydrothermal vents with their own sub ecosystems independent of sunlight.

</doc>
<doc id="9704885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704885" title="Mae Sot Airport">
Mae Sot Airport

Mae Sot Airport () is an airport serving Mae Sot, a town in Tak Province in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9704909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704909" title="IQC">
IQC

IQC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9704926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704926" title="Jack Gosnell">
Jack Gosnell

Jack Gosnell was the US Consul General to St. Petersburg, Russia. He graduated from Duke University in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="9704961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9704961" title="Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport">
Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport

Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport () is an airport serving Nakhon Si Thammarat, a town in the Nakhon Si Thammarat Province of Thailand. Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport is located in Muang district, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province away from city of Nakhon Si Thammarat 14 Kilometres. Capacity of arrival terminal is 188 people and departure terminal 215 people per hour. Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport has 2 Boeing 737 parking, 2 ATR 72 parking and 2 helipad spaces. Total spaces 2,902,400 square meters.
History.
Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport's first service was on December 1, 1998 by the airlines Thai Airways International and PBair from Bangkok to Nakhon Si Thammarat.
Since 1985, before Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport opened, Nakhon Si Thammarat was used temporarily as Cha Eian Airport, Army Region 4 with Thai Airways Company from Surat Thani to Nakhon Si Thammarat by Short 360 aircraft and was the first service at Nakhon Si Thammarat.
Than Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport had Nok Air, Thai Air Asia, One-Two-Go was low-cost airline operated. So Thai Airways International and PBair was suspended operated in Nakhon Si Thammarat airport.
July 22, 2008, Department of Civil Aviation (Thailand) suspension of the certificate of One Two Go Operated by Orient Thai Airlines between July 22 to September 15. And then One Two Go Operated by Orient Thai Airlines certified back already. Their service was suspended to Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport.
Today, Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport has Nok Air, Thai Air Asia, Orient Thai Airlines are available, direct route from Bangkok to Nakhon Si Thammarat. Total number of flights averages to about 7 flights per day.
As Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport has many passenger increase. Naknon Si Thammarat Provincial Governor and Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport Director trying Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport to Nakhon Si Thammarat International Airport for promote tourism, economy increase, passenger increase from Nakhon Si Thammarat province and nearest province. Introduce, they are extended runway from 2,100 metres to 2,600 metres.
July 12, 2013, Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport was published in Royal Thai Government Gazette to coutoms airport, No. 10/1 of Ministerial Regulation prescribed port or place, customs airport, border approval way, and customs ACT 2553. Dated July 1, 2013 by Mr. Kittiratt Na Ranong, the Minister of Finance. Which resulted Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport can import and export flights and goods from international.

</doc>
<doc id="9705002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705002" title="Reisch Beer">
Reisch Beer

Reisch Beer was a brewery established in the city of Springfield, Illinois by Franz Sales Reisch in 1849. The brewery operated until 1920 when it was forced to close because of Prohibition. It reopened in 1933 and stayed open until it shut its doors permanently in 1966.
External links.
www.reischbrewcrew.com

</doc>
<doc id="9705009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705009" title="PA434">
PA434

PA434 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9705017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705017" title="Nan Airport">
Nan Airport

Nan Airport is an airport serving Nan, the capital city of Nan Province, Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9705022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705022" title="Washington County Courthouse (Minnesota)">
Washington County Courthouse (Minnesota)

The historic Washington County Courthouse in Washington County, Minnesota, United States, is one of the oldest standing courthouses in Minnesota. It is located in the county seat of Stillwater, Minnesota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
The courthouse was designed by Augustus Knight of St. Paul, in the Italianate style. When the courthouse opened in 1870, the county was doing a booming business in the lumber industry. The courthouse reflected the county's wealth and overlooked the city from atop Zion's Hill. The foundation is built of limestone, and the building has a brick facade and is topped with a prominent dome, cupola, and flagpole.
When the county offices were moved to the new Washington County Government Center in 1975, efforts began to reuse the structure. Restoration has been funded through donations from local businesses and community groups, as well as grants from foundations. The historic courthouse is still in operation and serves as a gathering place and as a venue for community, cultural, and private events. The mission statement states, "The purpose of the operation of the Washington County Historic Courthouse is to preserve, re-adapt, restore and interpret this historic landmark for current and future generations, especially those from Washington County." To this end, the county works with local groups to preserve and maintain the courthouse and grounds, conducts tours and provides historic interpretation of the county's heritage. The facility is also available for rental, which offsets some of the expenses of maintaining the structure.

</doc>
<doc id="9705059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705059" title="India International Trade Center">
India International Trade Center

India International Trade Centre is a proposed skyscraper in the city of Mumbai in India. Its set to be 320 m tall with 72 floors.

</doc>
<doc id="9705071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705071" title="Narathiwat Airport">
Narathiwat Airport

Narathiwat Airport is an airport in Narathiwat Province, Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9705079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705079" title="Iridoteuthis iris">
Iridoteuthis iris

Iridoteuthis iris is a species of bobtail squid native to the northern central Pacific Ocean; it occurs near the Hawaiian Islands off the southeast and northwest Hancock, Colahan, and Kammu seamounts. There exists a doubtful record from the Ceram Sea. Unlike most other bobtail squid, "I. iris" is pelagic and lives in the open ocean.
Females of this species grow to 28 mm in mantle length (ML), while males are not known to exceed 24 mm ML.
The type specimen was collected off the south coast of Molokai in Hawaii. It was originally deposited at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., but is no longer extant.

</doc>
<doc id="9705082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705082" title="Robert J. LeRoy">
Robert J. LeRoy

Dr. Robert J. LeRoy (b. September 30, 1943 in Ottawa) is one of Canada’s leading chemists and is currently a University Professor at the University of Waterloo.
LeRoy received the BSc and MSc degrees from University of Toronto in 1965 and 1967, respectively, and a PhD degree from University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1971.
LeRoy is renowned for two major achievements in the field of chemistry: the development of the near-dissociation theory, alongside R. B. Bernstein, and the derivation of the LeRoy Radius. LeRoy is also the author of many computer programs that aid in collecting information from experiments. Many of his works are used by schools and labs throughout the world and have contributed to the progress of science.
He is a graduate from the University of Toronto. During his stay there, he began working with theoretical and computational chemical physics, which is what he would deal with for the rest of his career.
In his research, Dr LeRoy involves using quantum mechanical theory to understand and explain how properties of molecular systems are the results of forces of interaction by quantitatively determining those forces from measurements of various properties.
In almost any area of science today, the experimental work runs parallel to the theoretical
work and there is constant interplay between the two areas. In Canada there are several
theorists whose research teams examine the forces between atoms and molecules to
increase our understanding of physical and chemical properties. One such individual
is Dr. Robert LeRoy, currently working in theoretical chemical physics at
the University of Waterloo.
Dr. LeRoy’s interest is intermolecular forces. He uses quantum mechanics and computer
models to define and analyze the basic forces between atoms and molecules. Early
in his career, Dr. LeRoy developed a technique for mathematically defining a radius of
a small molecule, now known as the LeRoy radius. This established a boundary.Within
the boundary, intramolecular bonding is important, and beyond the boundary, intermolecular
forces predominate. In his work, the study of atomic and molecular spectra
(called spectroscopy) plays a crucial role. Measurements from spectroscopy help theoreticians
develop better models and theories for explaining molecular structure.Computer
programs that Dr. LeRoy has developed for the purpose of converting experimental evidence
to information on forces, shape, and structure are free, and are now routinely
used around the world.
It is important not to assume that forces and structures are well established. Our
knowledge of bonding and structure becomes more and more scanty and unreliable for
larger structures. A huge amount of research remains to be done if we are ever to be
able to describe bonding and structure very accurately for even microscopic amounts of
complex substances. Dr. LeRoy states “... except for the simplest systems, our knowledge
of (interactions between molecules) is fairly primitive... .” A classic example is our understanding
of the structure and activity of proteins—the stuff of life.We know the composition
of many proteins quite precisely and the structure can be experimentally
determined, but the structure of these large molecules depends on how bonding folds
and shapes the chains and branches. How a protein behaves and what it does depends
specifically on its precise shape and structure, and that is something scientists often state
is “not well understood.”

</doc>
<doc id="9705143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705143" title="Galen Young">
Galen Young

Galen Young (born October 16, 1975) is an American-Canadian former professional basketball player. Born in Memphis, Tennessee, Young played college basketball for the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. He was a second-round draft pick (48th pick overall) of the Milwaukee Bucks in the 1999 NBA draft.
Professional career.
Young was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks with the 48th overall pick in the 1999 NBA draft. On October 4, 1999, he signed with the Bucks. However, he was later waived by the Bucks on October 28, 1999. He later joined the Grand Rapids Hoops for the 1999–2000 CBA season.
In July 2000, Young joined the Toronto Raptors for the 2000 NBA Summer League. Later that year, he signed with the Bosch Blue Winds of Japan for the 2000–01 season.
In July 2001, Young joined the Indiana Pacers for the 2001 NBA Summer League. On September 26, 2001, he signed with the Pacers. However, he was later waived by the Pacers on October 15, 2001. On November 3, 2001, he was selected by the North Charleston Lowgators in the third round of the 2001 NBA D-League draft.
In 2009, Young played three games for the Filipino basketball team Alaska Aces. Then for the 2009/10 Australian NBL season, Young played for the Perth Wildcats, winning the NBL championship. Young played for the Hawke's Bay Hawks in the 2011 New Zealand NBL season, and after a stint for Bluff City Reign, he returned to play for the Hawks for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9705144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705144" title="Phitsanulok Airport">
Phitsanulok Airport

Phitsanulok Airport () is an airport serving Phitsanulok, a city in the Phitsanulok Province of Thailand. The airport is located south of the city's downtown area.
Miscellaneous.
To the right and to the left of the tarmac are two decommissioned Boeing 747 jets from Orient Thai airline.

</doc>
<doc id="9705176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705176" title="Lake City High School">
Lake City High School

Lake City High School is a four-year public secondary school in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. The second high school in the city, LCHS opened in 1994 and draws from the southern and western areas of the Coeur d'Alene school district. The school colors are teal, silver, and navy blue, and the mascot is a timberwolf.
Athletics.
Lake City competes in athletics in IHSAA Class 5A, with the largest schools in the state. It is a member of the 
Inland Empire League (5A) (IEL).
Rivalries.
The primary rival of LCHS is Coeur d'Alene High School, which draws from the north and east areas of the school district. Other 5A schools in north Idaho include nearby Post Falls to the west, and Lewiston to the south. All four are members of the Inland Empire League (5A).
Football.
After Lake City's initial football teams posted winless seasons, the football program quickly rose to be one of the top programs in the state under coach Van Troxel. The Timberwolves achieved their first state championship berth in 1999 with an undefeated regular season, but lost in the 4A state championship game to Vallivue of Caldwell. Lake City returned to the 4A state championship game in 2001, and won its first ever football state title (4A) in 2002 with a 47-26 victory over Madison. LCHS won the 5A state championship in 2006 and finished 12–0, ranked first in all of Idaho and tenth in the nation. In 2007, Lake City ranked as high as 24th in the national pre-season high school football polls and finished 8–3, third in the state. Lake City gained its 100th win in its 14th year in 2007. Some of the athletes produced by Coach Van Troxel's football program have moved on to successful careers in NCAA Division I football and the NFL. 
Baseball.
The Lake City baseball team reached its first state tournament in 2004 and advanced to the 5A final, but fell 7–6 to Timberline of Boise at Memorial Stadium in Boise. The Timberwolves returned to state in 2007 and won the title, defeating defending champion Lewiston 7–1 in the final.
LCHS returned to the state tournament in 2008, but lost 6-4 to Boise in the final. Coach Bridges retired at the end of the 2008 season, and was replaced by Darren Taylor, the former girls basketball coach. The 2008 team had eight players that signed national letters of intent to play collegiate baseball.
Lacrosse.
The varsity lacrosse team has also been a successful athletic program under Dwight Emmons, winning five straight IEL lacrosse championships for 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010. The team finished 2007 as the state champions, and placed second in three consecutive state championships for 2008, 2009, and 2010. The team won back-to-back league championships in 2013 and 2014 under new head coach Adam Marfice, with the 2014 squad winning the second state championship in the program's short history.
Soccer.
The LCHS soccer program, coached by Chad Beadel, is a frequent competitor in IEL play. In 1998 they won a state championship.
State titles.
Boys
Girls
Music and Drama.
Lake City has an award winning arts department. Every two years the choirs and bands participate in the Heritage Festival of Seattle. In 2006, the Lake City Symphonic and Jazz Band won first prize out of all schools in the northwest, as did their orchestra. The Chamber Choir received a silver medal, the Jazz, Treble, and Concert choirs also all won bronze medals. 
The Lake City High School Marching Band performed for "Good Morning America" when it came to Coeur d'Alene on November 28, 2007.
The Lake City Drama department has won first prize at District Drama for Northern Idaho several years in a row, for the school with the most people placing for various scenes. It recently won first prize again for districts on November 17, 2007.
It is one of only a few schools to have its music department honored with the title of "Grammy Signature School".

</doc>
<doc id="9705181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705181" title="Apollocrates">
Apollocrates

Apollocrates () was the son of Dionysius II of Syracuse. 
Two years after Dion and Heracleides conquered Syracuse in 357 BC, Dion maintained control of the fortress of Ortygia. As supplies ran out, Apollocrates capitulated to Dion, who allowed him and his mother Doris to sail to join his father in Italy.
According to Theopompus, Book 39, F185: "Apollocrates the son of the tyrant Dionysius was undisciplined and an alcoholic."

</doc>
<doc id="9705230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705230" title="Always in My Heart (Tevin Campbell song)">
Always in My Heart (Tevin Campbell song)

"Always In My Heart" is the third single from R&B singer Tevin Campbell's second album "I'm Ready". Like the previous two singles from the album, "Always In My Heart" saw success on the Pop and R&B charts.
It was the third straight single from Tevin Campbell to hit the top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 (#20) and top 10 on the R&B charts (#6). This song was sampled by Bell Biv DeVoe's Something in Your Eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="9705254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705254" title="Ranong Airport">
Ranong Airport

Ranong Airport is an airport serving Ranong, a town in the Ranong Province of Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9705264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705264" title="BKchem">
BKchem

BKchem is a free 2D molecule editor written in Python by Beda Kosata. As such, it is largely platform-independent. It uses Tk via Tkinter.
Major features.
Drawing:
Editing:
Exports to:
Imports:
Other features:

</doc>
<doc id="9705288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705288" title="Roi Et Airport">
Roi Et Airport

Roi Et Airport () is an airport serving Roi Et, the capital city of Roi Et Province, Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9705342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705342" title="Maria Jeżak-Athey">
Maria Jeżak-Athey

Maria Jeżak-Athey is a Polish figure skating coach. She is a former Polish national champion in pair skating with Lech Matuszewski. She currently coaches at the Addison Ice Arena in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="9705363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705363" title="Robert Morgan Educational Center">
Robert Morgan Educational Center

Robert Morgan Educational Center, sometimes denoted RMEC, is a secondary school located at 18180 SW 122nd Avenue in Miami, Florida. As a magnet school, Robert Morgan sports the juxtaposition of a vocational training and classical learning environment that is unique to other schools in its region. In April 2007, Robert Morgan Educational Center received regional accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS).
Curriculum and The Academies.
Academies.
Academy of Hospitality & Tourism (AOHT).
The Academy of Hospitality & Tourism (AOHT) prepares students for hospitality and tourism careers with a focus on business marketing and management. AOHT is affiliated with the National Academy Foundation (NAF); DECA, an Association of Marketing Students; and The American Hotel and Lodging Association. The program provides training for entry-level management positions in lodging, food service, time travel, tourism, and sporting/entertainment events.
Design Arts & Entertainment.
The Design Arts & Entertainment Academy represents the wave of the future. Students will be involved in multimedia activities such as live broadcasting, commercial art, and graphic animation. Hands on experience will prepare students for careers in design arts and television. WRMN8 (T.V. Production) is the school's news station.
Engineering.
The Engineering Academy presents technology in the fields of Engineering and Architecture. Students with an interest in math and science have the opportunity to develop and showcase their talents and abilities through this academy.
Health Sciences.
The Health Sciences Academy offers a multitude of programs designed to meet the interests of any student interested in pursuing a career in medicine. The programs are designed to fulfill predicted critical shortage areas in the health services industry. Modern equipment, school site working labs, and high level math and science courses provide students with a background to meet today’s medical needs.
Information Technology & Business Services.
Information Technology & Business Services students will be eligible for the latest certification in Cisco networking and computer hardware systems such as A+ certification . Students may choose from fields such as Computer Electronics Technology, and International Business.
Performing, Recording, & Visual Arts.
Students enrolled in this academy will have the opportunity to acquire knowledge in the rapidly growing area of arts and entertainment. This academy is geared towards live stage performance and the performing arts.
Specialty Service Industries.
The Specialty Service Industries Academy covers three diverse strands that have been identified as growth areas in the 21st century. It offers rigorous curriculum in Cosmetology, Culinary Arts, and Early Childhood Education, which provides students opportunities for success in these service industries.
Technical Career Services.
The School-to-Career Initiative is exemplified in the Technical Career Services Academy. Students will be given hands-on experience with the mechanical and technological aspects of careers in each strand.
Demographics.
Robert Morgan is 89% Hispanic (of any race), 6% White non-Hispanic, 3% Black, and 2% Asian/other.

</doc>
<doc id="9705381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705381" title="Sakon Nakhon Airport">
Sakon Nakhon Airport

Sakon Nakhon Airport () is an airport in Sakon Nakhon, Thailand. It is used for civil and military purposes (Royal Thai Air Force).

</doc>
<doc id="9705395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705395" title="Honoria and Mammon">
Honoria and Mammon

Honoria and Mammon is a Caroline era stage play, written by James Shirley and published in 1659. It is a revision and expansion of Shirley's earlier morality play "A Contention for Honor and Riches" (c. 1630, printed 1633), and illustrates the persistence of influence of archaic forms of drama through the final phase of English Renaissance theatre.
As with the work's earlier form the "Contention," no data on the stage history of "Honoria and Mammon" has survived. The play was never acted professionally— though it is possible that the drama may have been designed "for the schoolboys Shirley taught after the closing of the theatres" in 1642. The play was first printed in 1659, in an octavo volume issued by the bookseller John Crook that also contains Shirley's "The Contention of Ajax and Ulysses." In that edition, "Honoria and Mammon" bears a dedication by Shirley "To the Candid Reader." The scene of the play is identified as "Metropolis, or New-Troy."
Synopsis.
The Lady Honoria has three suitors for her hand in marriage: Alamode, a courtier; Alworth, a scholar; and Conquest, a colonel. Lady Aurelia Mammon — "widow / To the late high treasurer, Sir Omnipotent Mammon" — has two suitors of her own, a wealthy Londoner named Fulbank and a countryman called Maslin. Honoria introduces Alworth to Mammon, but she dismisses him as beneath her consideration. Alamode and Conquest fight a duel over Honoria; Conquest wins, disarming Alamode and knocking him down. Maslin and Fulbank similarly quarrel over Mammon, though mutual cowardice saves them from serious fighting. Lady Mammon's gentleman usher, a demon called Phantasm (the Vice in the earlier version), helps Fulbank to win his Lady's hand; Phantasm then tempts a lawyer named Traverse to steal Mammon from Fulbank. Traverse succeeds in this — but then Alamode wins her from Traverse and takes Mammon to his country house. Once in the country, though, Alamode is supplanted by Maslin, who in turn is displaced by Conquest. 
Meanwhile, Honoria has chosen Alworth over his competitors. She tests him, pretending she has changed her mind; and from his response, she judges him worthy of her. After the strain of the trial, however, Alworth faints, and a physician is called. The lawyer Traverse, who is tempted by Honoria's availability as well as Mammon's, masquerades as a doctor treating Alworth; he tells Honoria that Alworth is dead, and when she faints, he carries her away to his own country house. Conquest then rescues Honoria from Traverse with a band of his soldiers. Alworth shows up, in disguise; yet when he reveals himself to Honoria, Conquest recognizes him and takes him prisoner. Phantasm reveals his demon nature to Lady Mammon, and deserts her; sobered, she accepts Conquest as her husband, and he gives up Honoria to Alworth. The suitors who have lost out console themselves as best they can.
Performance History.
The play received its historical world premiere on Thursday 21st November (2013) at St Giles in the Fields Church, the burial site of the author, directed by Brice Stratford as part of the Owle Schreame theatre company's Cannibal Valour Rep Season of obscure classical productions. 

</doc>
<doc id="9705410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705410" title="Dancing Girls (book)">
Dancing Girls (book)

Dancing Girls is a collection of short stories by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, originally published in 1977 by McClelland & Stewart, Toronto. It was the winner of the St. Lawrence Award for Fiction and the award of The Periodical Distributors of Canada for Short Fiction.
The collection’s fourteen stories feature ordinary people, including a farmer, a birdwatcher, an author, a mother and a travel agent, and their inevitably biased perceptions of the world.
Stories.
n.b. the story list varies slightly from edition to edition.

</doc>
<doc id="9705430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705430" title="2004 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2004 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2004 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 11–14, 2004 in Greensboro, North Carolina at the Greensboro Coliseum. The Maryland Terrapins won the tournament as the 6th-seeded team, upsetting the 3rd-seed Wake Forest, 2nd-seed NC State, and top-seed Duke in succession on their way to the championship. It was Maryland's third tournament title in school history, and their first since 1984. Maryland's John Gilchrist won the Most Valuable Player award. Maryland's championship ended Duke's streak of five straight ACC Tournament Titles.
The 2004 ACC Tournament was the last year with nine participating teams. Virginia Tech and University of Miami from the Big East Conference joined the ACC for the 2004-2005 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9705484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705484" title="Sukhothai Airport">
Sukhothai Airport

Sukhothai Airport () is an airport serving Sukhothai, a town in the Sukhothai Province of Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="9705492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705492" title="The Free Voice of Labor">
The Free Voice of Labor

The Free Voice of Labor: The Jewish Anarchists is a 1980 documentary by Steve Fischler and Joel Sucher of Pacific Street Films. It memorializes the story of the Yiddish anarchist newspaper "Fraye Arbeter Shtime", and the Jewish anarchist movement of the early 20th century. The movie contained a short interview with a very young Joe Conason. Paul Avrich was a consultant on the film. As of 2006, AK Press has begun distributing it as part of a double DVD release with "Anarchism in America", named after the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="9705539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705539" title="To nie ja!">
To nie ja!

"To nie ja" (It wasn't me) was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Polish by Edyta Górniak. This was Poland's debut at the contest, and consequently the first time that the Polish language had been used in a contest entry. The song achieved second place in the Eurovision final - at the time the highest ever placing attained by a debuting nation. It was released as a single in English as "Once in a Lifetime".
Overview.
Eurovision.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Górniak describing herself as having an "easy world" - seemingly one of easy distinctions between good and bad. She sings that she is not Eve, referring to the Biblical character, and asking for her listener not to blame her for the sins of that figure.
Górniak's voice was compared to that of Mariah Carey in its range (a comparison made easier by the fact that she performed in a short white dress, reminiscent of some of Carey's outfits), and many contest fans have argued that if she had been allowed to sing in English (contest rules at the time stipulating that songs had to be in the national languages of the competing countries), she could have achieved victory. The result has stood as the most successful first-time entry in contest history until the ballad "Molitva" performed by Serbian Marija Šerifović went on to win the Eurovision Song Contest 2007; Serbia's first entry as an independent state. Serbia and Montenegro's entry in the 2004 contest also placed second. At the same contest, Hungarian entrant Friderika, making her country's début with "Kinek mondjam el vétkeimet?" placed fourth, presaging the domination of the contest by Eastern and Central European performers in subsequent years.
Somewhat ironically, Górniak was threatened with disqualification after singing the second half of the song in English during the dress rehearsal watched by the national jury members. An English-language version was later recorded, titled "Once in a Lifetime", and featuring Górniak telling her lover that their relationship is a "once in a lifetime" event.
The song was performed twenty-fourth on the night, following Russia's Youddiph with "Vyechniy stranik" and preceding France's Nina Morato with "Je suis un vrai garçon". At the close of voting, it had received 166 points, placing second in a field of twenty five.
It was succeeded as the Polish representative in the 1995 contest by Justyna with "Sama".
Single release.
The song was translated into English as "Once in a Lifetime" and released as a single. It was Gorniak's debut release and featured on her debut album "Dotyk". The music for the song was written by Stanisław Syrewicz. The Polish lyrics were written by Jacek Cygan and the English lyrics by Graham Sacher. Both versions appear on the single. The single cover includes pictures by photographer Marlena Bielińska. The cover artwork was designed by Debi Ani Design Associates.
Two videos were made - one for the Polish version and another for the English version. "To nie ja" starts with Gorniak singing on a dark stage surrounded by smoke and blue light. Inserts of her singing in the recording studio occur throughout the video. For "Once in a Lifetime", Gorniak wears yellow clothes in front of a white background, while the camera shows her from different perspectives.

</doc>
<doc id="9705543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705543" title="Dry run">
Dry run

Dry run may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9705570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705570" title="KKNG-FM">
KKNG-FM

KKNG-FM (97.3 FM) in Oklahoma City is a radio station broadcasting a Catholic religious format. Licensed to Blanchard, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Blanchard, Oklahoma area. The station is currently owned by Stanton Nelson, through licensee WPA Radio, LLC.
History.
The station broadcast with the calls KBXR beginning in March 1984 and was licensed to Weatherford, Oklahoma. The station changed calls to KWEY-FM on September 20, 1991. The station previously used the moniker "97.3 The Coyote" when it was a country station before changing calls to KOJK in February 2006. During this time, it moved closer to Oklahoma City and began using the ABC Networks' "Jack FM" network for programming. 
On March 8, 2010, KOJK dropped the Jack FM format. The last song on 97.3 Jack FM was "I'll Cry Instead" by The Beatles. 97.3 Jack FM became known as 97.3 King Country KKNG-FM.
Former On-Air DJ's included: 
Lynn Waggoner - Mornings,
Vanessa Valli - Midday,
Owen Pickard - Afternoon Drive,
Carly Rae - Nights.
There were no weekend DJ's; except for the Sunday Morning Gospel Show which was on 97.3 KKNG from 7AM-11AM. The Sunday Morning Gospel Show is hosted by Lynn Waggoner.
On March 28th, 2013, after playing "You're the Only One I Ever Needed" by Dolly Parton, KKNG changed their format from country to Catholic religious.

</doc>
<doc id="9705581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705581" title="Safety Second">
Safety Second

Safety Second is a 1950 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 51st "Tom and Jerry" short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby. The working title for this cartoon was "F'r Safety Sake" before Hanna and Barbera finally settled for "Safety Second". The short was animated by Ray Patterson, Ed Barge, Kenneth Muse, Irven Spence and Al Grandmain, scored by Scott Bradley and released on July 1, 1950, three days before the American Independence Day celebrations of that year. The title is a pun on the phrase "Safety First."
Plot.
The cartoon short begins with Jerry and Nibbles asleep in their beds. Jerry looks at his calendar and seeing it's the Fourth of July, he wakes up Nibbles. He instantly brings out firecrackers, but Jerry puts them back into the shed. The mouse gives his calendar a look again and sees his daily quotation: "Make it safe and sane", meaning that fireworks aren't allowed this year. Jerry and Nibbles then go outside and enjoy their holiday with noisemakers with Jerry showing him it's still the Fourth of July without fireworks, before Nibbles (not one to follow the quotation from earlier) lights a firework from his diaper. Jerry grabs it away and then fails to throw it off before the firecracker explodes on him. Jerry then holds out his hand as if to say, "Give me the rest of them." Nibbles hands him another tiny firework from his diaper and smiles before dashing away. Seeing through this, Jerry then picks up Nibbles and turns him upside down, and he finds that Nibbles had a sizable amount of fireworks hidden in his diaper. As if he punished Nibbles, Jerry gets him to stand in one of the corner, but no sooner does Nibbles repeat his transgression with a firework under the bed before leaving, and Jerry is again blown up by the dynamite before he can toss it out of his front door. Nibbles then hides under his sheets.
Jerry then goes outside to relax in a hammock while Tom lights a firework underneath Jerry. The firework explodes and wakes up the mouse who, believing that the explosion was Nibbles' doing, walks around the tree to see if the little mouse was there but runs into Tom instead, who slaps Jerry with his own eyelid and traps him. When Tom lets go, Jerry is kneeling over a clenched fist. The mouse points at it, and Tom inspects it, and Jerry responds by using his other fist to punch the cat in the eye. Jerry jumps into a hole in the ground and Tom uses a pickaxe to try and dig the mouse out. Nibbles, who observes this event, loads a rocket into the drainpipe, which picks up the cat and sends him on a ride across the yard and into the clothesline.
Jerry hides from the raging cat in a barrel and Tom uses a garbage can lid to trap him. Nibbles, again watching from a distance, paints another firework with glue and "graciously" hands it to the cat. Tom lights the firework and tries to throw it into the barrel, but spots the situation before he runs too far away and continues to attempt to throw it, but fails as it is stuck to his hand. Tom now tries to soften the explosion by sitting on the firework, but made a bad choice as to where: under the flowerbox. The explosion propels Tom headfirst into the flowerbox, smashing through it, and pots fall on his head.
Now ready for revenge, Tom chases Nibbles who runs into the back end of a firework. Nibbles lights the firework, empties the gunpowder, and chases the cat. He corners Tom, but after the fuse runs out the ruse is exposed. Nibbles pops out and is caught. However, he throws a tiny firework at Tom and leaves as Tom takes it, believing it to be harmless, laughs at it, and balances it on his nose. At that point, the tiny firework explodes powerfully in his face.
Tom then loads a bunch of fireworks outside Jerry's front door and lays out the gunpowder, but Jerry breaks the connection to his door and lights the gunpowder. After he is finished laying out the gunpowder, Tom prepares to light it, but Jerry's flame does the work for him. Tom sees a big explosion of the gunpowder can is imminent, but cannot escape it in time. Tom chases both mice, and they use a firework to shoot colorful fireballs at Tom. Tom runs away through a barrel and the basement window and sneaks behind Jerry and Nibbles, who have lit another rocket firework and have loaded it into the barrel where Tom was. Tom grabs the firework from them, only to get launched into the air by it, ending up in result of a firework display of death.
Jerry then wipes his hands together and heads over to Nibbles and his noisemakers while Nibbles lights "one" more firework. With nowhere else to hide it, he stashes it in Jerry's noisemaker. Jerry pats Nibbles on the head and goes to blow in his noisemaker. Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from doing so, but the mouse only pats him on the head again, then blows into it and it explodes, giving him a blackface/sunflower appearance. Jerry looks at Nibbles, annoyed, as Nibbles smiles innocently and plays with his noisemakers.
Censorship.
On TNT, the ending scene showing Jerry in blackface was removed.

</doc>
<doc id="9705606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705606" title="Don't Say Goodbye Girl">
Don't Say Goodbye Girl

"Don't Say Goodbye Girl" is the fourth single to be released from R&B singer Tevin Campbell's second album "I'm Ready". The song reached #25 on the U.S. R&B chart and #68 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart. ""Brown Eyed Girl"" released June 30, 1995 would be the final single from "I'm Ready" to be released for Airplay.

</doc>
<doc id="9705637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705637" title="John Holmes (professor)">
John Holmes (professor)

John H. Holmes is Emeritus Professor of Geography at the University of Queensland. He has remained active during his "retirement" and has continued his primary research into changing resource values in Australia’s rangelands and their implications in the allocation of property rights. More specifically, his expertise relates to: 
During the past ten years, Professor Holmes has completed invited consultancies on pastoral lease tenure reform in the Northern Territory, Queensland, South Australia and the Western Division of New South Wales, and has also been Chair of the Vegetation Management Advisory Committee, which set guidelines for the Queensland Vegetation Management Act 1999.
John Holmes has contributed to the Encyclopedia Britannica and has edited "Queensland: A Geographical Interpretation" and coedited "Settlement Systems in Sparsely Populated Regions". Professor Holmes has also chaired the Australian Academy of Science National Committee of Geography and acted as Australian delegate at various international meetings. He is a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9705660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705660" title="List of mayors of Springfield, Illinois">
List of mayors of Springfield, Illinois

This is a list of mayors of Springfield, Illinois, USA. 

</doc>
<doc id="9705710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705710" title="Tree Island, South China Sea">
Tree Island, South China Sea

"For the "Tree Island" in Tuen Mun District, New Territories, Hong Kong, see Pak Chau."
Tree Island, also known as Zhaoshu Island, (;) is one of the main islands of the Paracel Islands group in the South China Sea. In 1947, the Chinese named the island "Zhaoshu Dao" to commemorate Zhao Shu () who accompanied Zheng He's expeditions in high seas (1405-1433). The area of the island is (0.22 km²). It is under the administration of Hainan Province of People's Republic of China through the "Zhaoshudao Village Committee". The island is also claimed by the Republic of China (Taiwan) and Vietnam.
Tourism.
The island is open to tourists. Tourists may require political examination in Haikou of Hainan Province before taking a tour there, and can hire a fishing boat from Hainan. There is beach volleyball equipment and facilities located on the island; there are also the ruins of a Chinese temple dating back to the Ming dynasty.
PRC's baselines declaration.
The Declaration of the Government of the People's Republic of China on the baselines of the territorial sea (May 15th, 1996): Three 3 points on Zhaoshu Dao (Tree Island) are the baseline points of the Chinese territorial sea:

</doc>
<doc id="9705718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705718" title="Ubon Ratchathani Airport">
Ubon Ratchathani Airport

Ubon Ratchathani International Airport is a commercial airport located in Ubon Ratchathani, Thailand.
History.
During the Vietnam War the facility was known as Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base, serving as a front-line base of the United States Air Force.
It subsequently became an international civilian airport, with direct flights to Vietnam. These flights proved unprofitable, and while the "international" signage is still in place, only domestic flights have operated for a number of years.
In 2008 here were up to six flights per day from Bangkok to Ubon Ratchathani, all then returning within the hour to Bangkok: 3 were operated by Thai Airways, 2 by Air Asia and 1 by Nok Air. Nok Air ceased their service in mid-2008, and Thai Airways and Air Asia each ceased one of their own flights, so that in January 2009 there are only 2 Thai Airways (early morning and evening) and 1 Air Asia flight (midmorning) each day. Thai Airways expects to reintroduce their afternoon service in late January 2009. Nok Air now (August 2010) has three flights from Bangkok to Ubon.
Military Use.
As well as being a commercial facility, Ubon Ratchathani Airport is also an active Royal Thai Air Force (RTAF) base, the home of 2nd Air Division/21st Wing Air Combat Command. 
The 211sq "Eagles" fly the Northrup F-5E/F "Tiger II"" fighter aircraft.
Airport statistics.
"Source :" Department of Civil Aviation

</doc>
<doc id="9705719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705719" title="Maliau Basin">
Maliau Basin

Maliau Basin or also Maliau Basin Conservation Area, is a region in Sabah, Malaysia, which represents a geological catchment surrounding the Maliau River. Located around the center of Sabah in the Sandakan Division, it was designated as a conservation area by the Sabah Foundation (Yayasan Sabah) in 1981. Later in 1997 the Sabah State Assembly gazetted the Basin as a "Protection Forest Reserve (Class I)" with a total area of 588 square kilometres. The region also features Mount Lotung (1667 metres), Maliau Falls, and Lake Linumunsut. Efforts are underway to nominate the area as a World Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="9705722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705722" title="Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi">
Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi

Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi is a 1949 novel by R. K. Narayan. It was adapted into the films "Mr Sampath" (Hindi) and "Miss Malini" (Tamil) in 1947. They were the only collaborative film scripts of his novels that R. K. Narayan involved himself with; they were produced under the famous Gemini Studios banner.
Plot.
"Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi" keeping with R.K;'s novels has a very simple storyline. As ever, R.K. elevates the novel with his captivating characterization and scintillating storytelling, not to mention his deft diction. 
There are a few business relations that demand two people work so closely that it may easily turn into an intimate bonding of hearts. A doctor and nurse, director and actor, opening batsmen in a cricket team, and an editor and a printer. To bring out the journal "The Banner", Mr. Shrinivas, the editor, and Mr. Sampath, the printer, have to work together. The two entirely contrasting good-hearted characters forge a great partnership that makes "The Banner" the cynosure of all eyes in Malgudi.
However, a situation arises and they have to temporarily discontinue the journal. Not to lay idle, they join hands with a film-making company where they have to trace varying paths, with their special bond still very deep. A love affair with the actress of the movie makes life difficult for the daring and over-ambitious Sampath, while the ethnic and ethical Shrinivas has his problems of over-responsibility, too. Some sour incidents in the studio force Shrinivas to quit and revive his "Banner" with another printer, a thing that doesn't seem to bother Sampath caught entirely in the charm of the heroine. But Sampath comes back after the loss of the lady, his family, his wealth, fame, and peace. The story ends in a gripping manner when he confides in his good old friend Shrinivas. And as one expects from a novel by R.K. Narayan, you finish the story with a very heavy heart. 

</doc>
<doc id="9705828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705828" title="Technical features new to Windows Vista">
Technical features new to Windows Vista

Windows Vista (formerly codenamed Windows "Longhorn") has many significant new features compared with previous Microsoft Windows versions, covering most aspects of the operating system.
In addition to the new user interface, security capabilities, and developer technologies, several major components of the core operating system were redesigned, most notably the audio, print, display, and networking subsystems; while the results of this work will be visible to software developers, end-users will only see what appear to be evolutionary changes in the user interface.
As part of the redesign of the networking architecture, IPv6 has been incorporated into the operating system, and a number of performance improvements have been introduced, such as TCP window scaling. Prior versions of Windows typically needed third-party wireless networking software to work properly; this is no longer the case with Windows Vista, as it includes comprehensive wireless networking support.
For graphics, Windows Vista introduces a new as well as major revisions to Direct3D. The new driver model facilitates the new Desktop Window Manager, which provides the tearing-free desktop and special effects that are the cornerstones of Windows Aero. WDDM's current version 1.0 is able to offload rudimentary tasks to the GPU, install drivers without requiring a system reboot and seamlessly recover from rare driver errors due to illegal application behavior.
At the core of the operating system, many improvements have been made to the memory manager, process scheduler, heap manager, and I/O scheduler. A Kernel Transaction Manager has been implemented that can be used by data persistence services to enable atomic transactions. The service is being used to give applications the ability to work with the file system and registry using atomic transaction operations.
Audio.
Windows Vista features a completely re-written audio stack designed to provide low-latency 32-bit floating point audio, higher-quality digital signal processing, bit-for-bit sample level accuracy, up to 144dB of dynamic range and new audio APIs created by a team including Steve Ball and Larry Osterman.
The new audio stack runs at user level, thus increasing stability. The Windows Vista audio engine is designed to run faster than the Windows XP audio engine, and has tighter requirements on audio buffer position accuracy. Also, the new Universal Audio Architecture (UAA) model has been introduced, replacing WDM audio, which allows compliant audio hardware to automatically work under Windows without needing device drivers from the audio hardware vendor.
There are three major APIs in the Windows Vista audio architecture:
Audio stack architecture.
Applications communicate with the audio driver through "Sessions", and these "Sessions" are programmed through the "Windows Audio Session API (WASAPI)". In general, WASAPI operates in two modes. In "exclusive mode" (also called "DMA mode"), unmixed audio streams are rendered directly to the audio adapter and no other application's audio will play and signal processing has no effect. Exclusive mode is useful for applications that demand the least amount of intermediate processing of the audio data or those that want to output compressed audio data such as Dolby Digital, DTS or WMA Pro over S/PDIF. WASAPI exclusive mode is similar to kernel streaming in function, but no kernel mode programming is required. In "shared mode", audio streams are rendered by the application and optionally applied per-stream audio effects known as "Local Effects (LFX)" (such as per-session volume control). Then the streams are mixed by the global audio engine, where a set of "global audio effects" (GFX) may be applied. Finally, they're rendered on the audio device.
The higher level APIs such as the Wavexxx APIs and DirectSound use shared mode, which results in pre-mixed PCM audio that is sent to the driver in a single format (in terms of sample rate, bit depth and channel count). This format is configurable by the end user through Control Panel.
After passing through WASAPI, all host-based audio processing, including custom audio processing, can take place (sample rate conversion, mixing, effects). Host-based processing modules are referred to as "Audio Processing Objects", or "APOs". All these components operate in user mode. The only portion of this architecture that runs in kernel mode is the audio driver (which contains the "Port Class" driver, the vendor "Miniport" driver and the vendor HAL).
The Windows Kernel Mixer (KMixer) is completely gone. There is no direct path from DirectSound to the audio drivers; DirectSound and MME are emulated as Session instances. Since the whole point of DirectSound acceleration is to allow hardware to process unmixed audio content, DirectSound cannot be accelerated in this audio model, and DirectSound3D is not supported at all, which also breaks EAX extensions. APIs such as ASIO and OpenAL are not affected.
Audio performance.
Windows Vista also includes a new Multimedia Class Scheduler Service (MMCSS) that allows multimedia applications to register their time-critical processing to run at an elevated thread priority, thus ensuring prioritized access to CPU resources for time-sensitive DSP processing and mixing tasks.
For audio professionals, a new WaveRT port driver has been introduced that strives to achieve real-time performance by using the multimedia class scheduler and supports audio applications that reduce the latency of audio streams. Consequently, user mode applications can completely govern streams of audio without any code execution in the kernel during runtime. WaveRT allows the user mode application direct access to the internal audio hardware buffers and sample position counters (data in the memory that is mapped to the audio hardware DMA engine). It allows applications to poll the current position in the DMA memory window that the hardware is accessing. WaveRT also supports the notion of a hardware generated clock notification event, similar to the ASIO API, so that applications need not poll for current position if they don't want to.
All the existing audio APIs have been re-plumbed and emulated to use these APIs internally, all audio goes through these three APIs, so that most applications "just work".
Issues.
A fault in the MME WaveIn/WaveOut emulation was introduced in Windows Vista: if sample rate conversion is needed, audible noise is sometimes introduced, such as when playing audio in a web browser that uses these APIs. This is because the internal resampler, which is no longer configurable, defaults to linear interpolation, which was the lowest-quality conversion mode that could be set in previous versions of Windows. The resampler can be set to a high-quality mode via a hotfix for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 only.
Audio signal processing.
New digital signal processing functionalities such as "Room Correction", "Bass Management", "Loudness Equalization" and "Speaker Fill" have been introduced. "Speaker Fill" mixes 2-channel content to use all available speakers in a manner similar to Creative's CMSS. "Bass Management" can be used to redirect the subwoofer signal to the main speakers. If a channel is missing, a feature called "Channel Phantoming" allows the best use of the speakers that are there, by redirecting the sound of the missing channels through these speakers. Whether you have a multi-channel or stereo sound system in your home theater or living room, Windows Vista also includes the ability to calibrate your speakers for your room. By placing a microphone where you plan to sit and then running a wizard that measures the room response, Windows Vista can automatically set the levels, delay and frequency balance for each channel accordingly for this position. For PCs equipped with stereo headphones, Vista adds the ability to have surround sound using a new feature called "Headphone Virtualization", which uses technology based upon a Head-related transfer function.
Windows Vista also includes the ability to use custom host-based digital signal processing effects as part of the audio device manufacturer-supplied driver's value-added features. These effects are packaged as user-mode System Effect Audio Processing Objects (sAPOs). These sAPOs are also reusable by third-party software.
Audio devices support.
Windows Vista builds on the Universal Audio Architecture, a new class driver definition that aims to reduce the need for third-party drivers, and to increase the overall stability and reliability of audio in Windows.
Speech recognition.
Windows Vista is the first Windows operating system to include fully integrated support for speech recognition. Under Windows 2000 and XP, Speech Recognition was installed with Office 2003, or was included in Windows XP Tablet PC Edition.
Windows Speech Recognition allows the user to control his/her machine through voice commands, and enables dictation into many applications. The application has a fairly high recognition accuracy and provides a set of commands that assists in dictation. A brief speech-driven tutorial is included to help familiarize a user with speech recognition commands. Training could also be completed to improve the accuracy of speech recognition.
Windows Vista includes speech recognition for 8 languages at release time: English (U.S. and British), Spanish, German, French, Japanese and Chinese (traditional and simplified). Support for additional languages is planned for post-release.
Speech recognition in Vista utilizes version 5.3 of the Microsoft Speech API (SAPI) and version 8 of the Speech Recognizer.
Speech synthesis.
Speech synthesis was first introduced in Windows with Windows 2000, but it has been significantly enhanced for Windows Vista (code name Mulan). The old voice, Microsoft Sam, has been replaced with two new, more natural sounding voices of generally greater intelligibility: Anna and Lili, the latter of which is capable of speaking Chinese. The screen-reader Narrator which uses these voices has also been updated. Microsoft Agent and other text to speech applications now use the newer SAPI 5 voices.
Print.
Windows Vista includes a redesigned print architecture, built around Windows Presentation Foundation. It provides high-fidelity color printing through improved use of color management, removes limitations of the current GDI-based print subsystem, enhances support for printing advanced effects such as gradients, transparencies, etc., and for color laser printers through the use of XML Paper Specification (XPS).
The print subsystem in Windows Vista implements the new XPS print path as well as the legacy GDI print path for legacy support. Windows Vista transparently makes use of the XPS print path for those printers that support it, otherwise using the GDI print path. On documents with intensive graphics, XPS printers are expected to produce much greater quality prints than GDI printers.
In a networked environment with a print server running Windows Vista, documents will be rendered on the client machine, rather than on the server, using a feature known as "Client Side Rendering". The rendered intermediate form will just be transferred to the server to be printed without additional processing, making print servers more scalable by offloading rendering computation to clients.
XPS print path.
The XPS Print Path introduced in Windows Vista supports high quality 16-bit color printing. The XPS print path uses XML Paper Specification (XPS) as the print spooler file format, that serves as the page description language (PDL) for printers. The XPS spooler format is the intended replacement for the Enhanced Metafile (EMF) format which is the print spooler format in the Graphics Device Interface (GDI) print path. XPS is an XML-based (more specifically XAML-based) color-managed device and resolution independent vector-based paged document format which encapsulates an exact representation of the actual printed output. XPS documents are packed in a ZIP container along with text, fonts, raster images, 2D vector graphics and DRM information. For printers supporting XPS, this eliminates an intermediate conversion to a printer-specific language, increasing the reliability and fidelity of the printed output. Microsoft claims that major printer vendors are planning to release printers with built-in XPS support and that this will provide better fidelity to the original document.
At the core of the XPS print path is XPSDrv, the XPS-based printer driver which includes the filter pipeline. It contains a set of "filters" which are print processing modules and an XML-based configuration file to describe how the filters are loaded. Filters receive the spool file data as input, perform document processing, rendering and PDL post-processing, and then output PDL data for the printer to consume. Filters can perform a single function such as watermarking a page or doing color transformations or they can perform several print processing functions on specific document parts individually or collectively and then convert the spool file to the page description language supported by the printer.
Windows Vista also provides improved color support through the Windows Color System for higher color precision and dynamic range. It also supports CMYK colorspace and multiple ink systems for higher print fidelity. The print subsystem also has support for named colors simplifying color definition for images transmitted to printer supporting those colors.
The XPS print path can automatically calibrate color profile settings with those being used by the display subsystem. Conversely, XPS print drivers can express the configurable capabilities of the printer, by virtue of the "XPS PrintCapabilities" class, to enable more fine-grained control of print settings, tuned to the individual printing device.
Applications which use the Windows Presentation Foundation for the display elements can directly print to the XPS print path without the need for image or colorspace conversion. The XPS format used in the spool file, represents advanced graphics effects such as 3D images, glow effects, and gradients as Windows Presentation Foundation primitives, which are processed by the printer drivers without rasterization, preventing rendering artifacts and reducing computational load. When the legacy GDI Print Path is used, the XPS spool file is used for processing before it is converted to a GDI image to minimize the processing done at raster level.
Print schemas.
Print schemas provide an XML-based format for expressing and organizing a large set of properties that describe either a job format or print capabilities in a hierarchically structured manner. Print schemas are intended to address the problems associated with internal communication between the components of the print subsystem, and external communication between the print subsystem and applications.
Networking.
Windows Vista contains a new networking stack, which brings large improvements in all areas of network-related functionality. It includes a native implementation of IPv6, as well as complete overhaul of IPv4. IPv6 is now supported by all networking components, services, and the user interface. In IPv6 mode, Windows Vista can use the Link Local Multicast Name Resolution (LLMNR) protocol to resolve names of local hosts on a network which does not have a DNS server running. The new TCP/IP stack uses a new method to store configuration settings that enables more dynamic control and does not require a computer restart after settings are changed. The new stack is also based on a strong host model and features an infrastructure to enable more modular components that can be dynamically inserted and removed.
The user interface for configuring, troubleshooting and working with network connections has changed significantly from prior versions of Windows as well. Users can make use of the new "Network Center" to see the status of their network connections, and to access every aspect of configuration. The network can be browsed using "Network Explorer", which replaces Windows XP's "My Network Places". Network Explorer items can be a shared device such as a scanner, or a file share. "Network Location Awareness" uniquely identifies each network and exposes the network's attributes and connectivity type. Windows Vista graphically presents how different devices are connected over a network in the "Network Map" view, using the LLTD protocol. In addition, the "Network Map" uses LLTD to determine connectivity information and media type (wired or wireless). Any device can implement LLTD to appear on the "Network Map" with an icon representing the device, allowing users one-click access to the device's user interface. When LLTD is invoked, it provides metadata about the device that contains static or state information, such as the MAC address, IPv4/IPv6 address, signal strength etc.
Support for wireless networks is built into the network stack itself, and does not emulate wired connections, as was the case with previous versions of Windows. This allows implementation of wireless-specific features such as larger frame sizes and optimized error recovery procedures. Windows Vista uses various techniques like Receive Window Auto-scaling, Explicit Congestion Notification, TCP Chimney offload and Compound TCP to improve networking performance. Quality of Service (QoS) policies can be used to prioritize network traffic, with traffic shaping available to all applications, even those that do not explicitly use QoS APIs. Windows Vista includes in-built support for peer-to-peer networks and SMB 2.0. For improved network security, Windows Vista supports for 256-bit and 384-bit Diffie-Hellman (DH) algorithms, as well as for 128-bit, 192-bit and 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is included in the network stack itself, while integrating IPsec with Windows Firewall.
Kernel and core OS changes.
Drivers.
Windows Vista introduces an improved driver model, Windows Driver Foundation which is an opt-in framework to replace the older Windows Driver Model. It includes:
Processor Power Management.
Windows Vista includes the following changes and enhancements in Processor Power Management (PPM):
Programmability.
.NET Framework 3.0.
Windows Vista is the first client version of Windows to ship with the .NET Framework. Specifically, it includes .NET Framework 2.0 and .NET Framework 3.0 (previously known as WinFX) but not version 1.0 or 1.1. The .NET Framework is a set of managed code APIs that is slated to succeed Win32. The Win32 API is also present in Windows Vista, but does not give direct access to all the new functionality introduced with the .NET Framework. In addition, .NET Framework is intended to give programmers easier access to the functionality present in Windows itself.
.NET Framework 3.0 includes APIs such as ADO.NET, ASP.NET, Windows Forms, among others, and adds four core frameworks to the .NET Framework:
WPF.
Windows Presentation Foundation (codenamed Avalon) is the overhaul of the graphical subsystem in Windows and the flagship resolution independent API for 2D and 3D graphics, raster and vector graphics (XAML), fixed and adaptive documents (XPS), advanced typography, animation (XAML), data binding, audio and video in Windows Vista. WPF enables richer control, design, and development of the visual aspects of Windows programs. Based on DirectX, it renders all graphics using Direct3D. Routing the graphics through Direct3D allows Windows to offload graphics tasks to the GPU, reducing the workload on the computer's CPU. This capability is used by the Desktop Window Manager to make the desktop, all windows and all other shell elements into 3D surfaces. WPF applications can be deployed on the desktop or hosted in a web browser (XBAP).
The 3D capabilities in WPF are limited compared to what's available in Direct3D. However, WPF provides tighter integration with other features like user interface (UI), documents, and media. This makes it possible to have 3D UI, 3D documents, and 3D media. A set of built-in controls is provided as part of WPF, containing items such as button, menu, and list box controls. WPF provides the ability to perform control composition, where a control can contain any other control or layout. WPF also has a built-in set of data services to enable application developers to bind data to the controls. Images are supported using the Windows Imaging Component. For media, WPF supports any audio and video formats which Windows Media Player can play. In addition, WPF supports time-based animations, in contrast to the frame-based approach. This delinks the speed of the animation from how slow or fast the system is performing. Text is anti-aliased and rendered using ClearType.
WPF uses Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML), which is a variant of XML, intended for use in developing user interfaces. Using XAML to develop user interfaces also allows for separation of model and view. In XAML, every element maps onto a class in the underlying API, and the attributes are set as properties on the instantiated classes. All elements of WPF may also be coded in a .NET language such as C#. The XAML code is ultimately compiled into a managed assembly in the same way all .NET languages are, which means that the use of XAML for development does not incur a performance cost.
WCF.
Windows Communication Foundation (codenamed Indigo) is a new communication subsystem to enable applications, in one machine or across multiple machines connected by a network, to communicate. WCF programming model unifies Web Services, .NET Remoting, Distributed Transactions, and Message Queues into a single Service-oriented architecture model for distributed computing, where a server exposes a service via an interface, defined using XML, to which clients connect. WCF runs in a sandbox and provides the enhanced security model all .NET applications provide.
WCF is capable of using SOAP for communication between two processes, thereby making WCF based applications interoperable with any other process that communicates via SOAP. When a WCF process communicates with a non-WCF process, XML based encoding is used for the SOAP messages but when it communicates with another WCF process, the SOAP messages are encoded in an optimized binary format, to optimize the communication. Both the encodings conform to the data structure of the SOAP format, called Infoset.
Windows Vista also incorporates Microsoft Message Queuing 4.0 (MSMQ) that supports subqueues, poison messages (messages which continually fail to be processed correctly by the receiver), and transactional receives of messages from a remote queue.
WF.
Windows Workflow Foundation is a Microsoft technology for defining, executing and managing workflows. This technology is part of .NET Framework 3.0 and therefore targeted primarily for the Windows Vista operating system. The Windows Workflow Foundation runtime components provide common facilities for running and managing the workflows and can be hosted in any CLR application domain.
Workflows comprise 'activities'. Developers can write their own domain-specific activities and then use them in workflows. Windows Workflow Foundation also provides a set of general-purpose 'activities' that cover several control flow constructs. It also includes a visual workflow designer. The workflow designer can be used within Visual Studio 2005, including integration with the Visual Studio project system and debugger.
Windows CardSpace.
Windows CardSpace (codenamed InfoCard), a part of .NET Framework 3.0, is an implementation of Identity Metasystem, which centralizes acquiring, usage and management of digital identity. A digital identity is represented as logical "Security Tokens", that each consist of one or more "Claims", which provide information about different aspects of the identity, such as name, address etc.
Any identity system centers around three entities — the "User" who is to be identified, an "Identity Provider" who provides identifying information regarding the "User", and "Relying Party" who uses the identity to authenticate the user. An "Identity Provider" may be a service like Active Directory, or even the user who provides an authentication password, or biometric authentication data.
A "Relying Party" issues a request to an application for an identity, by means of a "Policy" that states what "Claims" it needs and what will be the physical representation of the security token. The application then passes on the request to Windows CardSpace, which then contacts a suitable "Identity Provider" and retrieves the "Identity". It then provides the application with the "Identity" along with information on how to use it.
Windows CardSpace also keeps a track of all "Identities" used, and represents them as visually identifiable virtual cards, accessible to the user from a centralized location. Whenever an application requests any identity, Windows CardSpace informs the user about which identity is being used and needs confirmation before it provides the requestor with the identity.
Windows CardSpace presents an API that allows any application to use Windows CardSpace to handle authentication tasks. Similarly, the API allows "Identity Providers" to hook up with Windows CardSpace. To any "Relying Party", it appears as a service which provides authentication credentials.
Media Foundation.
Media Foundation is a set of COM-based APIs to handle audio and video playback that provides DirectX Video Acceleration 2.0 and better resilience to CPU, I/O, and memory stress for glitch-free low-latency playback of audio and video. It also enables high color spaces through the multimedia processing pipeline. DirectShow and Windows Media SDK will be gradually deprecated in future versions.
Search.
The Windows Vista "Instant Search" index can also be accessed programmatically using both managed as well as native code. Native code connects to the index catalog by using a "Data Source Object" retrieved from Windows Vista shell's Indexing Service OLE DB provider. Managed code use the "MSIDXS" ADO.NET provider with the index catalog name. A catalog on a remote machine can also be specified using a UNC path. The criteria for the search is specified using a SQL-like syntax.
The default catalog is called "SystemIndex" and it stores all the properties of indexed items with a predefined naming pattern. For example, the name and location of documents in the system is exposed as a table with the column names "System. ItemName" and "System. ItemURL" respectively. An SQL query can directly refer these tables and index catalogues and use the "MSIDXS" provider to run queries against them. The search index can also be used via OLE DB, using the "CollatorDSO" provider. However, OLE DB provider is read-only, supporting only "SELECT" and "GROUP ON" SQL statements.
The Windows Search API can also be used to convert a search query written using Advanced Query Syntax (or "Natural Query Syntax", the natural language version of AQS) to SQL queries. It exposes a method "GenerateSQLFromUserQuery" method of the "ISearchQueryHelper" interface. Searches can also be performed using the "search-ms:" protocol, which is a pseudo protocol that lets searches be exposed as an URI. It contains all the operators and search terms specified in AQS. It can refer to saved search folders as well. When such a URI is activated, Windows Search, which is registered as a handler for the protocol, parses the URI to extract the parameters and perform the search.
Networking.
Winsock Kernel (WSK) is a new transport-independent kernel-mode Network Programming Interface (NPI) for that provides TDI client developers with a sockets-like programming model similar to those supported in user-mode Winsock. While most of the same sockets programming concepts exist as in user-mode Winsock such as socket, creation, bind, connect, accept, send and receive, "Winsock Kernel" is a completely new programming interface with unique characteristics such as asynchronous I/O that uses IRPs and event callbacks to enhance performance. TDI is supported in Windows Vista for backward compatibility.
Windows Vista includes a specialized QoS API called qWave ("Quality Windows Audio/Video Experience"), which is a pre-configured Quality of Service module for time dependent multimedia data, such as audio or video streams. qWave uses different packet priority schemes for real-time flows (such as multimedia packets) and best-effort flows (such as file downloads or e-mails) to ensure that real time data gets as little delays as possible, while providing a high quality channel for other data packets.
Windows Filtering Platform allows external applications to access and hook into the packet processing pipeline of the networking subsystem.
Cryptography.
Windows Vista features an update to the Microsoft Crypto API known as Cryptography API: Next Generation (CNG). CNG is an extensible, user mode and kernel mode API that includes support for Elliptic curve cryptography and a number of newer algorithms that are part of the National Security Agency (NSA) Suite B. It also integrates with the smart card subsystem by including a Base CSP module which encapsulates the smart card API so that developers do not have to write complex CSPs.

</doc>
<doc id="9705829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705829" title="C. J. Kupec">
C. J. Kupec

Charles Jerome "C. J." Kupec (born January 16, 1953) is a retired American basketball player, formerly in the NBA. 
Kupec played college basketball at the University of Michigan. He was selected in the fourth round of the 1975 NBA Draft by the Los Angeles Lakers and in the fifth round of the 1975 ABA Draft by the Spirits of St. Louis.
Kupec played for the Los Angeles Lakers and Houston Rockets during the 1970s, as well as in Italy during the 1980s. He won the 1982 Euroleague title with Cantu.
In 2007, the Illinois High School Association named Kupec one of the 100 Legends of the IHSA Boys Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9705884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705884" title="César Villaluz">
César Villaluz

César Osvaldo Villaluz Martínez (born July 18, 1988) is a Mexican footballer. At the young age of seventeen, he participated in the U-17 World Cup with the Mexican national team, and his efforts as midfielder helped his team to victory against Brazil, as well as throughout the entire tournament. César Villaluz currently plays for San Luis in the Mexican Primera Division, and participated along with fellow team players Carlos Vela and Giovani dos Santos, both of whom are younger than he is, in the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup that took place in Canada in 2007, where the Mexican national team faced off against the national football teams of Portugal, Gambia, New Zealand, in that order in the group round, then getting eliminated by Argentina.
Skills.
Cesar Villaluz is known for his quick rapid speed and great control while dribbling the ball. Even though he lacks in height a bonus is his agility and ability to take on multiple players at once.
International.
Villaluz was one of the young Mexicans that won the 2005 FIFA U-17 world cup in Peru. In 2007 most of the U-17 players gathered to try to win the 2007 Canada U-20 World Cup. César's first goal with the Mexican Senior Side was in a friendly against Guatemala which resulted in a 3-2 loss for Mexico. His second goal for Mexico came in a friendly against China.
Career stats.
International appearances.
"As of 11 March 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="9705892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705892" title="Classics 3">
Classics 3

Classics 3 is the fourth compilation album, and the eleventh album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1995. With the exception of a few songs included on the 1988 compilation, "10 Years After", this was the first time Jerusalem's live album, "In His Majesty's Service - Live in USA", had been released on CD. Some tracks were dropped in order to fit both albums on one disc.
Track listing.
Tracks 1-7 from "In His Majesty's Service - Live in USA" ("I'm Waiting For You" and "Ashes in Our Hands" were dropped)
Tracks 8-17 from "Dancing on the Head of the Serpent"

</doc>
<doc id="9705934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705934" title="Disco (software)">
Disco (software)

Disco is an application for Mac OS X developed by Austin Sarner, Jasper Hauser and Jason Harris.
The software is an optical disc authoring utility, which allows users to burn CDs and DVDs with multisession support, disc duplication, burning VIDEO_TS folders, disc spanning as well as a searchable disc index, dubbed Discography. Disco also features an interactive "3D smoke" animation which is visible when burning. This smoke responds to microphone input, as well as mouse input, causing perturbations in the smoke effect.
Disco was designed as a low-cost alternative to the popular Mac OS X optical disc authoring application, Roxio Toast.
Since its launch in 2007, Disco was available as shareware, requiring users to purchase a license after burning seven discs with it on a single computer. In July 2011, a free license code to activate the application was published on its official website, effectively making the application available as freeware.

</doc>
<doc id="9705972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705972" title="Adam's Engineering College">
Adam's Engineering College

Adam's Engineering College is a college in Sitarampatnam, a suburb of Paloncha, Khammam District, in India. It was founded in 1998. The Chairman of the college is Mr. Potla Nageswar Rao. The college offers programs at undergraduate level. It is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University. The college has accreditation for five branches:
The college has introduced a Masters degree in computer applications, a Masters degree in computer sciences (M.Tech) and civil engineering Bachelor (B.Tech).college campus is filled with lot of greenery it gives great experience studying at this college.

</doc>
<doc id="9705986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705986" title="Rocky Island, South China Sea">
Rocky Island, South China Sea

Rocky Island (; Vietnamese: "Đảo Đá") is one of the islands of Paracel Islands in South China Sea. It is under the administration of the People's Republic of China and guarded by the PLA Navy. The island is also claimed by the Republic of China (Taiwan) and Vietnam. 
The island is connected to Woody Island by a road that is about 1 km in length. A signal intelligence station was built there in 1995, mainly because the island has the highest point (14 m) among the Paracel Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="9705995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705995" title="Knock-on">
Knock-on

Knock-on may refer to:
See also.
Fumble

</doc>
<doc id="9705999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9705999" title="Kinek mondjam el vétkeimet?">
Kinek mondjam el vétkeimet?

Kinek mondjam el vétkeimet? ("To whom can I tell my sins?") was the Hungarian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Hungarian by Friderika. This was Hungary's début entry in the contest, and consequently the first time that Hungarian had been used on the contest stage.
With music and lyrics by Szilveszter Jenei, who also provided live backing on an acoustic guitar, the song is a ballad, with Friderika wondering who she can confess her sins to. The sins in question are never mentioned explicitly, however the imagery of the song ("the lightless night", "no faith, no love") suggests that they are serious. One possible interpretation is that the song is about a girl who got pregnant and was subsequently left by her lover. ("There's no faith, no love, no caressing hand for me." "I'm crying without tears to my unborn child.")
The song was performed twenty-second on the night, following Spain's Alejandro Abad with "Ella no es ella" and preceding Russia's Youddiph with "Vyechniy stranik". At the close of voting, it had received 122 points, placing 4th in a field of 25. In the initial voting, in fact, the song received three consecutive 12-point scores (the highest possible) to lead the field and earn Hungary the distinction of being the only débuting entrant to date to lead the voting at the start, before fading to place fourth. This result, coupled with Poland's Edyta Górniak placing second with "To Nie Ja", presaged the dominance of Central and Eastern European entries in future years - a dominance, ironically, in which Poland and Hungary would play very little role.
It was succeeded as Hungarian representative at the 1995 contest by Csaba Szigeti with "Új név a régi ház falán".
An English-language version was later recorded, titled "Who Will Be There" and featuring similarly bleak lyrics. Friderika sings at one point that "I will never know the beauty of my child".

</doc>
<doc id="9706017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706017" title="Three Eagles Communications">
Three Eagles Communications

Three Eagles Communications, Inc. is a media company based in Lincoln, Nebraska. It operates 50 radio stations (including pending acquisitions) in Nebraska, Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, and South Dakota. Rolland Johnson is chief executive officer, and Gary Buchanan is president and chief operating officer.
The company was acquired by Primus Capital and Wachovia Capital Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="9706038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706038" title="Marina Zueva">
Marina Zueva

Marina Olegovna Zueva (, also romanized French-style as "Zoueva"; born April 9, 1956) is a Russian ice dancing coach and choreographer. She coaches and choreographs for the 2010 Olympic champions and two-time (2010, 2012) World champions in ice dancing, Tessa Virtue / Scott Moir, as well as for the 2014 Olympic champions and two-time (2011, 2013) World champions in ice dancing Meryl Davis / Charlie White. Zueva is based in Canton, Michigan.
Competitive career.
Zueva competed for the Soviet Union as an ice dancer with partner Andrei Vitman. They won two national bronze medals at the Soviet Championships. They finished fifth at the 1977 European and World Championships. The next season, they were sixth at the 1978 European Championships and seventh at the World Championships.
Coaching and choreography career.
Zueva retired from ice dancing at the end of the 1970s to become a choreographer. Her final assignment toward receiving her choreography degree at the National Theatre Institute in Moscow in 1982 was the creation of a routine for Ekaterina Gordeeva and Sergei Grinkov. Throughout the 1980s, she continued to choreograph for this elite pair, creating their programs to "Moonlight Sonata", "Vocalise", and "Romeo and Juliet". In 1993, Gordeeva and Grinkov hired Zueva to work with them again on their 1994 Olympics routines, and their collaboration continued until Grinkov's death in late 1995. Zueva then choreographed most of Gordeeva's solo programs through 2000.
Zueva left Russia in 1991 to work as a coach and choreographer in North America. She currently coaches at the Arctic Figure Skating Club in Canton, Michigan as part of the International Skating Academy. In 2001, she began coaching in partnership with Igor Shpilband. On June 3, 2012, she confirmed that they were no longer working together. 
Among Zueva's current and former students include:
Personal life.
Zueva is the mother of Fedor Andreev – born March 2, 1982 in Moscow – who competed for Canada as a singles skater and Russia as an ice dancer. She is a naturalized Canadian citizen but works mainly in the United States. Zueva was formerly married to Alexei Tchetverukhin. She holds a Masters Degree of Physical Science from St. Petersburg University. 

</doc>
<doc id="9706078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706078" title="T.E.V.I.N.">
T.E.V.I.N.

T.E.V.I.N. is the platinum selling debut album from R&B singer Tevin Campbell. 
Reception.
T.E.V.I.N. yielded two No. 1 R&B hits in "Tell Me What You Want Me to Do" and "Alone with You", and had several other hits. Of the combined eight singles that were released of his debut album five having peaked inside of the R&B top 10, Prince produced "Round and Round" No. 2", while Al B. Sure! and Kyle West produced "Goodbye" No. 2, and "Just Ask Me To" No. 9. The remaining singles off his album are "Strawberry Letter 23", "One Song" and "Confused". The success of the album also garned Tevin his first two Grammy nominations, one in 1991 for Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male for ("Round and Round"), and one in 1992 for the same award Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male for ("Tell Me What You Want Me to Do").

</doc>
<doc id="9706082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706082" title="Louis René Tulasne">
Louis René Tulasne

Louis René Étienne Tulasne, a.k.a. Edmond Tulasne (September 12, 1815 - December 22, 1885) was a French botanist and mycologist born in Azay-le-Rideau. 
He originally studied law at Poitiers, but his interest later turned to botany. As a young man he assisted botanist Auguste de Saint-Hilaire (1779–1853) with studies of Brazilian flora. From 1842 until 1872 he worked as a naturalist at the "Muséum national d'histoire naturelle" in Paris. In 1854 he succeeded Adrien de Jussieu (1797-1853) as a member of the "Académie des sciences". He died in Hyères on 22 December 1885, aged 70. 
Tulasne's specialized study was the science of mycology. His microscopic investigation of fungi, particularly parasitic species, contributed much to the understanding on the complexities of their nature and development. He is credited with introducing the concept of "pleomorphy" in regard to fungi. Pleomorphy states that an individual fungus, growing in different substrates can have dramatically different forms. 
In 1853 he introduced his views on the reproduction cycle of "Claviceps purpurea" (ergot). A number of mycological species, as well as the genera "Tulasneinia" and "Tulasnella" (family Tulasnellaceae) are named after him. He is credited with providing classification taxa for the following genera: Crucibulum, Glomus, Sebacina, Terfezia, Tilletia and Hypomyces (the latter with Elias Magnus Fries). 
He also produced some important works on flowering plants. For example, in 1855, he published two papers on the magnoliid family Monimiaceae, in which he included what are now the Lauralean families Siparunaceae and Atherospermataceae. 
Tulasne published over 50 scientific articles during his career. Some of his best work was done in collaboration with his brother, Charles Tulasne (1816–1884), such as "Fungi hypogaei" (1851)
and the three-volume "Selecta fungorum carpologia" (1861–65). The latter work is known for its superb detailed illustrations, being created by Charles Tulasne.
Many of his works were published under the Latinized name "Ludovicus-Renatus".
This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Tul. when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="9706083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706083" title="Works based on Faust">
Works based on Faust

Faust has inspired artistic and cultural works for over four centuries. The following lists cover various media to include items of historic interest, enduring works of high art, and recent representations in popular culture. The entries represent works that a reader has a reasonable chance of encountering rather than a complete catalog.
Comics and animation.
"Faust, Der Tragödie erster Teil", both by German artist Flix

</doc>
<doc id="9706196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706196" title="2007 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2007 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2007 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 8-11, 2007, in Tampa, Florida at the St. Pete Times Forum. The tournament was held in the state of Florida for the first time in its 54-year history. The quarterfinal games were televised nationwide on ESPN2. Semifinals and the championship game were televised on ESPN. The tournament was also televised by Raycom Sports in ACC markets. For the first time ever, Raycom broadcast the tournament in high definition. 
The top four regular season teams (North Carolina, Virginia, Virginia Tech, and Boston College) received first-round byes and played their first game in the quarterfinals. Both North Carolina and Virginia finished the regular season tied for first place with an 11-5 record. North Carolina received the #1 seed by virtue of the head-to-head tiebreaker against Virginia.
All four opening round games were won by the lower seeds. This tournament was the lowest Duke had been seeded (seventh) in the ACC tournament since 1995, when they were the ninth seed. Their on-court struggles were compounded by the suspension of freshman Gerald Henderson. By defeating Duke, NC State ended Duke's 8-year domination of the ACC tournament. Prior to this loss, Duke was 23-1 in ACC tournament play over the last 8 years, losing only the 2004 finals to Maryland. The final round this year was identical to the final round of the Women's ACC Tournament, with North Carolina beating NC State for the title. This is the first year a 10th seed has won a game in an ACC tournament, much less three in a row (although 12th seed Wake Forest won two games in the 2006 Tournament.) It is only the second time a team has played 4 games (NC State in 1997), and the first time a team seeded as low as 10 reached the championship game. Previously the lowest seed to reach the title game was #8 seed NC State in 1997, when the conference had only nine members.
By winning the ACC championship, North Carolina received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament and is now tied with Duke for most ACC championships with sixteen. North Carolina's Brandan Wright won the tournament's Most Valuable Player award.

</doc>
<doc id="9706198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706198" title="Kendon">
Kendon

Kendon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9706203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706203" title="Andizhan Airport">
Andizhan Airport

Andizhan Airport is an airport serving Andizhan (also spelled Andijan), the capital city of the Andijan Province in Uzbekistan.
9th Guards Fighter Aviation Regiment PVO of the Soviet Air Defence Forces arrived at the airport in November 1955 and was taken over by the Military of Uzbekistan in October 1992. From 4.86 to Oct 1992 it was part of 15th Air Defence Division (12th Air Defence Army).
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 04/22 with a concrete surface measuring .
Airlines and destinations.
The following airlines offer scheduled passenger service:

</doc>
<doc id="9706216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706216" title="Sandy Creek Airpark">
Sandy Creek Airpark

Sandy Creek Airpark is a private residential airpark located in the East Bay Sector, 10 miles (16 km) southeast of the central business district of Panama City, in Bay County, Florida, United States. This airport has one dusk-to-dawn lighted runway, and a green-white beacon. The facility is used primarily by residents/association members, their tenants and guests, and members of the EAA Chapter 202. 
Phase I of Sandy Creek Airpark was completed in 1983, followed by Phase II in 1988. Sandy Creek Airpark will soon develop Phase III. Improvements will include paving and extending the runway, in addition to residential and light commercial development. 
Panama City-Bay County International Airport will be relocating outside of the city limits to the West Bay Sector in 2009. Sandy Creek Airpark is poised to accommodate the general aviation community of eastern Bay County and western Gulf County (Mexico Beach).
Facilities and aircraft.
Sandy Creek Airpark covers an area of which contains one runway (9/27) with a grass surface measuring 3,850 x 150 ft (1,173 x 46 m). There are 20 aircraft based at this airport: 75% single-engine and 25% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="9706226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706226" title="Catonism">
Catonism

Barrington Moore defines Catonism in his book "Social Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy" as "advocacy of the sterner virtues, militarism, contempt for 'decadent' foreigners and anti-intellectualism".
Moore coined the word "Catonism" with a nod towards Cato the Elder (234-149 BCE).
He characterized the Catonist attitude as the reaction from rural aristocracy towards rapid political and economic changes:

</doc>
<doc id="9706245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706245" title="WFBL">
WFBL

WFBL, located at 1390 kHz on the AM dial, is a talk and news radio station owned by Buckley Broadcasting and serving the city of Syracuse, New York.
WFBL's call sign stands for "First Broadcast License" because the station was the first FCC-licensed radio station to sign on in central New York in 1922. The station went on the air as WFBL in 1922, changed signs to WLLF on 1989-10-17. On 1989-11-01, the station changed its call sign to the current WFBL. on 1993-09-21 to WDCW, on 2003-12-01 to the current WFBL.
The station is currently owned by the "Leatherstocking Media Group", owner of WMCR WMCR-FM and WSEN.
Programming.
As of October 11, 2009, WFBL is known as CNY Talk Radio and contains primarily syndicated news and talk radio commentators. The station is affiliated primarily with Talk Radio Network, WestStar TalkRadio Network, and Westwood One. Programming includes "First Light", "America's Morning News" and "America's Radio News Network", "The Laura Ingraham Show", Dennis Miller, Jason Lewis, Doug Urbanski and Phil Valentine. "The Kim Komando Show", "Jim Slinsky's Outdoor Talk Network", "The Money Pit Home Improvement Radio Show", Larry Kudlow, Cigar Dave, and a local show known as "The Car Guys" are heard on Saturdays. "Meet the Press", "The Other Side With Steve Godfrey", "Motor Trend Radio", "The Tech Guy", Phil Valentine, and "Science Fantastic with Michio Kaku" air on Sundays.
WFBL's chief competitor is WSYR.
Historical notes.
WFBL was a charter member of the CBS Radio Network, being one of the 16 stations that aired the first CBS network program on September 18, 1927.
From May 1979 to October 1980, WFBL, then known as "Fire 14," used consultant Mike Joseph's Hot Hits format as a Top 40 competitor to 1490 WOLF. Airchecks of the station during its Hot Hits phase can be heard here.
WFBL dropped "Hot Hits" in October 1980 in favor of the then-emerging adult standards format called Music of Your Life. The WFBL calls (and standards format) later moved to 1050 AM in Baldwinsville, New York (now WSEN) before returning to their original home at 1390.
For a few years, WFBL was a talk radio station with a line-up that very closely mirrored, with few exceptions, that of its sister station, WOR in New York City.
This continued until April 7, 2008 at 6:00AM, when WFBL switched formats from "Talk Radio 1390" to "Oldies 1390." The station features music from the 1950s and 1960s. The station now complements WSEN, which focuses on 1970s and 1980s hits. A handful of talk programs, primarily heard on weekends, will be retained, including Joey Reynolds and The Dolans.
On October 12, 2009, the oldies format moved to WSEN 1050 and announced the return of the talk radio format.

</doc>
<doc id="9706275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706275" title="Friends with Benefits (telenovela)">
Friends with Benefits (telenovela)

Friends with Benefits was a telenovela planned for the American television network MyNetworkTV. Twentieth Television was developing this limited-run serial. It was based on a popular Latin American series.
Development.
Originally, MyNetworkTV planned to run the serial for 65 hour-long episodes, airing weekday evenings, with a recap on Saturdays. It was to be filmed at Stu Segall Productions in San Diego.
The show began pre-production on January 8, 2007, with directors Dennis Dimster, Jeff Fischer, Mitch Marcus and Jeremy Stanford, and filming of the first 20 episodes was to start in April. It was set to premiere on June 5, 2007 — and casting calls were sent out — but production was postponed. Jean-Pierre Parent was cast as Pierre, a gay French photographer. MyNetworkTV's March 1, 2007 announcement that it stopped developing scripted content spelled an end for both the series and the network's slate of telenovelas.

</doc>
<doc id="9706285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706285" title="Gating signal">
Gating signal

A gating signal is a digital signal or pulse (sometimes called a "trigger") that provides a time window so that a particular event or signal from among many will be selected and others will be eliminated or discarded.
In a multiple input AND/OR gate, a signal at one of the inputs triggers the passage of a signal at other inputs; i.e., it passes through or blocks the signal at other inputs. Such a signal is called a gating signal.
Signal gating means to mask unwanted signal transitions from propagating forward.

</doc>
<doc id="9706286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706286" title="Serena Brooke">
Serena Brooke

Serena Brooke (born 9 January 1976) is a professional surfer from Coolangatta Queensland, Australia.
Biography.
Brooke began to compete in amateur competitions in 1990 where she was crowned the Queensland amateur surfing title as well as the Australian National Title. Following her graduation from high school in 1995 she entered the pro ranks and finished her rookie season with a #13 overall ranking on the woman's tour. She was named the 1995 Women's Rookie of the Year. Among her notable accomplishments was winning the Billabong Pro Australia title and achieving a temporary #1 overall ranking in 2001. She would finish with #2 ranking twice on the World Championship Tour (WCT). Serena Brooke is one of the most marketable athletes in woman's surfing having garnered numerous sponsorships including Angel Eyewear and Bud Light. In 2001 she starred in the surfing documentary 7 Girls, and has also starred in numerous surfing videos and occasionally holds surfing camps for children looking to learn how to surf.
Charity.
In 2001, she established the Serena Brooke Charity Foundation. The foundation, which was created in Huntington Beach, California, helps raise money for the Orange County Child Abuse Prevention Center, CSP Youth Centers, Breast Cancer Research, and the Surfrider Foundation among others. The highlight of the year for the foundation is the Serena Brooke Charity Day held in Huntington Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="9706292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706292" title="Johann Michael Feuchtmayer the Elder">
Johann Michael Feuchtmayer the Elder

Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (17 April 1666 (baptism) – 15 October 1713) was a German painter and copper engraver.
He was born in Wessobrunn, into the famous Feuchtmayer family of Baroque artists associated with the Wessobrunner School. 
He was the brother of Franz Joseph Feuchtmayer (1660–1718) and Michael Feuchtmayer (b. 1667); the uncle of Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer (1696–1770), Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (1705–1764), and Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (1709–1772); and the great-uncle of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (b. 1735).
J. M. Feuchtmayer is most famous for the 1706 high altar paintings in the Catholic Parish Church of St. Idda in Bauen, Switzerland. With his brother Franz Joseph, he was also responsible for the choir stalls in the Benedictine monastery church in Einsiedeln, Switzerland. He died in Konstanz.

</doc>
<doc id="9706303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706303" title="Sama (song)">
Sama (song)

"Sama" (Alone) was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Polish by Justyna.
The song is somewhat elliptical lyrically. Justyna sings about feeling alone, comparing her state of mind to being "a little flea". She goes on to say that she feels "As if God, the good God/Didn't love little fleas".
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Ireland's Eddie Friel with "Dreamin'". At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 18th in a field of 23.
The song's performance was conducted by long-standing Irish Eurovision conductor Noel Kelehan.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1996 contest by Kasia Kowalska with "Chcę znać swój grzech...".

</doc>
<doc id="9706314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706314" title="Volym 3 (Those Were the Days)">
Volym 3 (Those Were the Days)

Volym Tre is the seventh studio album, and the twelfth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. It was Jerusalem's first studio album since "Vi Kan Inte Stoppas (Can't Stop Us Now)" in 1983 to be released in both Swedish and English. The Swedish version was released by Fruit Records and MEP in 1996. The English version (renamed "Those Were the Days") was released in 1997 by Jerusalem Music in the United States and Alliance Music in the UK and Europe.
History.
Between 1975 and 1983, Ulf Christiansson wrote many songs that Jerusalem never recorded but often played live. After a friend reminded him of these songs and asked why they had never been on an album, Christiansson decided to record them, but he wanted to use the band members who were in Jerusalem when the songs were actually written.
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson, except for "Döden besegrad" ("I’m Still Alive"), lyrics by Ulf Christiansson and music by Ulf Christiansson and Dan Tibell.

</doc>
<doc id="9706330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706330" title="David Luenberger">
David Luenberger

David G. Luenberger (born in 1937) is a mathematical scientist known for his research and his textbooks, which center on mathematical optimization. He is a professor in the department of Management Science and Engineering at Stanford University.
Biography.
Luenberger was one of the original founders of the Department of Engineering-Economic Systems in 1967. He served as chairman of the department for eleven years.
He has over 70 technical publications on systems and control, in optimization, in microeconomics, and in financial engineering. His "Investment Science" is widely prescribed and referenced by finance academics and practitioners.
He received his B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology in 1959, and he received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University in 1963. In his dissertation Luenberger introduced new methods for construction of state observers. The celebrated Luenberger observer is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9706333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706333" title="Fergana International Airport">
Fergana International Airport

Fergana International Airport is an airport serving Fergana, the capital city of the Fergana Province in Uzbekistan.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring .
Airlines and destinations.
The following airlines provide scheduled passenger service:

</doc>
<doc id="9706375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706375" title="Karshi Airport">
Karshi Airport

Karshi Airport is an airport in south eastern Uzbekistan, south-west of Karshi. 

</doc>
<doc id="9706382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706382" title="Iraj (album)">
Iraj (album)

Iraj is the debut album from Sri Lankan producer Iraj Weeraratne.

</doc>
<doc id="9706522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706522" title="Namangan Airport">
Namangan Airport

Namangan Airport is an airport in Namangan, Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9706576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706576" title="Navoi International Airport">
Navoi International Airport

Navoi International Airport is an airport of entry in Navoi, Uzbekistan. It is named after Ali-Shir Nava'i.
Navoi Airport was opened in 1962 in the Soviet Union days and became the Uzbekistan Airways’ when the national air company was established on January 28, 1992 by the Decree of the President of Republic of Uzbekistan. In 2007, Navoi Airport began capacity enhancement and airfield improvement projects, implementing complete renovation of runway and taxiways, installation of modern lighting system and construction of new air control tower and other facilities. 
In 2009, Korean Air Cargo took over the management of the airport and, under the 10-year development plan, further accelerated the modernization program. Construction of the largest air cargo terminal in Central Asia that can handle 100,000 tons of cargo annually using latest equipment has been recently completed and inaugurated on August 12, 2010. The freighter apron has also been constructed to accommodate 5 B747-400 planes and 4 additional fuel tanks were built, which can supply 1.4 million gallons of aviation fuel altogether and fill up more than 25 B747-400 airplanes. Korean Air inaugurated the 1st cargo flight from Navoi in August, 2008 and by increasing the frequency it now operates 12 weekly B747-400F flights to Incheon, Brussels and Milan. 
Uzbekistan Airways started cargo operation based in Navoi hub in May 2009 and now operates 18 weekly flights to Bangkok, Delhi, Mumbai and Frankfurt. Navoi Airport now serves 3 airlines flying to 9 cities in 8 countries including passenger flights and the work is underway to create business links with new airlines and set up new routes.

</doc>
<doc id="9706579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706579" title="Chcę znać swój grzech...">
Chcę znać swój grzech...

"Chcę znać swój grzech..." (I want to know my sin...) was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Polish by Kasia Kowalska.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Kowalska asking a lover to tell her the reason for his coldness towards her. She refers to this reason as "my sin", and asks him to tell it to her "Only once/Before I lose you", claiming that if she knows this she will redouble her efforts to love him.
The song was performed twentieth on the night, following Iceland's Anna Mjöll with "Sjúbídú" and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina's Amila Glamočak with "Za našu ljubav". At the close of voting, it had received 31 points, placing 15th in a field of 23.
The promotional video featured Kasia singing in a church, surrounded by candles
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1997 Contest by Anna Maria Jopek with "Ale jestem".

</doc>
<doc id="9706624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706624" title="Nukus Airport">
Nukus Airport

Nukus Airport is an airport serving Nukus, the capital city of the autonomous republic of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has two runways, 15/33 measuring and 07/25 measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9706643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706643" title="Synodontis multipunctatus">
Synodontis multipunctatus

Synodontis multipunctatus, also known as the cuckoo catfish, cuckoo squeaker, or multipunk, is a small catfish from Lake Tanganyika, one of the lakes in the Great Rift Valley system in Africa. It is a brood parasite upon mouthbrooding cichlids. This species grows to a length of TL. This species is a minor component of local commercial fisheries.
General.
"Synodontis multipunctatus" is one of a number of species of upside-down catfish in Lake Tanganyika, which is more famous for its cichlids. It gathers in large schools at depths of about in the lake.
"S. multipunctatus" is notable for its breeding behaviour - it is a brood parasite, similar to the cuckoo from which it takes its common name. Lake Tanganyika is home to a number of mouthbrooding cichlids, which care for their eggs and young by carrying them in their mouth. "S. multipunctatus" uses these, particularly "Ctenochromis horei" and "Simochromis babaulti", as unwitting caretakers for their children.
The smell of spawning cichlids excites "S. multipunctatus" into spawning, and as the cichlids lay their eggs the catfish will quickly slip in and eat its eggs before they can be collected by the mother. While doing so they also release and fertilise their own eggs. The female cichlid will hastily attempt to scoop up her eggs and, in doing so, will also collect eggs from "S. multipunctatus". These eggs will then hatch inside the unwilling adoptive mother's mouth, and proceed to eat the cichlid eggs present before being released by the cichlid. This technique removes the burden of parental care from the "S. multipunctatus", and allows them to breed again sooner.
In the aquarium.
"Synodontis multipunctatus" are a popular addition to cichlid aquariums. They grow to about 15 cm, and can be bred in captivity provided suitable hosts are present. Some aquarists have had success with host cichlids from Lake Malawi and Lake Victoria as well as those from Lake Tanganyika.
They can be very aggressive and territorial towards other synodontis species, they should be kept in groups over 3 to avoid competition between two, and proper cover and cave like structures should be provided. They seem to be active in the day as much as the night and can prove quite lively. If kept in larger groups territorial issues are less likely.

</doc>
<doc id="9706682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706682" title="Roberto González Barrera">
Roberto González Barrera

Roberto González Barrera (September 1, 1930 – 25 August 2012) was a Mexican businessman. He was the chairman of Gruma, the largest producer of tortillas and corn flour in the world, and of Banorte, the largest Mexican-owned private bank in Mexico. Because of his prominent role in the expansion of Gruma, he was often nicknamed "El Maseco" or "Don Maseco" (a reference to one of Gruma's subsidiaries, Grupo Industrial Maseca), as well as the "King of Tortillas".
Personal life.
Barrera was born in Cerralvo, Nuevo León. At the age of five, before starting school, he was selling eggs, bread, vegetables and other foodstuff in his native town of Cerralvo. "I was very happy," wrote Gonzalez Barrera in an institutional profile. "My childhood was very happy but I did not miss school. When I had free time I went to the streets to make money."
Upon entering primary school he also became a shoe-shine, along with his sale of food on the street.
Almost naturally, at age 11 he left school for good and began working in a grocery warehouse his father had opened in Cerralvo where he sold dairy products, and at age 15, he had his own business. "I remember one day my grandfather asked me which of all the things I did, was the most profitable. I replied that selling vegetables," wrote Gonzalez Barrera in his institutional profile. "Then he said, 'Give yourself completely to it and do nothing more." "It seemed like a call to action."
Later Gonzalez Barrera worked in Pemex, as a driver at a plant in Veracruz, where he was in charge of something no one wanted to do, because of the risk: explosive transport. It was during this time that he also partnered in a small coconut plantation. He made good money, but after two years, suffering from malaria, he returned to his hometown, with 200,000.00 pesos of his earnings in the coconut business. In Cerralvo, entered into joint partnership with his father in the family business that had already begun and developed new projects.
At age 18, in the search for further business expansion, he had his first encounter with corn, on seeing his first corn mill.
Curious, he asked for explanations about the process for the manufacture of tortillas, and realizing the business potential when he discovered that cotton workers consumed up to 15 tons of corn per month, imagined the future.
After convincing his father, they bought their first corn mill in 1948 for 75,000.00 pesos (the peso-dollar exchange rate fluctuated between $4.85 and $6.95), and took it to Cerralvo, where he started what is now Maseca, the company that manufactures and markets one out of every four corn tortillas in Europe, Asia and Central America. For starting it off they had to sell all of their other businesses, and when they ran out of money, a friend he had made in Cerralvo, General Bonifacio Salinas Leal, governor of Nuevo León, lent them money and kept some of the company's stock that, years later, would sell back to them again. Thus began a long relationship with politicians, which is one of the most repeated criticism that is made to Gonzalez Barrera: leveraging his political connections for his company's growth.
He entered the Billionaire's club not with the tortilla business, however, but through the Banorte financial group of which, since 1992 he has been the main shareholder, and the only Mexican bank to remains in Mexican ownership after the economic crisis of 1995. Its equity stake in Banorte, the third largest bank in Mexico, returned Gonzalez Barrera to 2011's Forbes list of billionaires, and that fact changed the nature of his wealth.
Some health and family problems threaten Maseca (where 23% of the stock is owned by U.S. conglomerate Archer Daniels Midland). and most of the remainder is split in half, with 50% held by his first wife, from whom he never divorced. González Barrera died in Houston, Texas, on 25 August 2012 from complications of cancer, he was 81 years old.
Controversy.
González Barrera refused to testify in the case against Raúl Salinas de Gortari, brother of former President Carlos Salinas de Gortari. Allegedly, his justification was "I am a friend of Mr. Raúl".

</doc>
<doc id="9706687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706687" title="1908 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1908 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1908 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the eighth edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. For the first time, ties were held in different countries and at different times, rather than the all the matches being played in the same venue, as before. It also marked the first time that a tie was played in Australia. 
After Australasia's victory in 1907, the United States and the British Isles tried to re-claim the cup, however the Australasia team prevailed again. The final was played at the Albert Ground in Melbourne, Australia on 27–30 November.

</doc>
<doc id="9706690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706690" title="What You Want Is Now">
What You Want Is Now

What You Want Is Now is the first full-length album from the Christian rock band House of Heroes. It was released by Vanishing Point Records and produced by the label founder Scott Silletta of the bands Plankeye and Fanmail. After the release of this album, the band was signed to Gotee Records by its owner and founder, Toby McKeehan. Previously only released on CD and having been out of print for many years, the album was finally released on iTunes in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9706691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706691" title="Joaquim Antônio da Silva Calado">
Joaquim Antônio da Silva Calado

Joaquim Antônio da Silva Calado, Jr. (Rio de Janeiro, July 11, 1848 - Rio de Janeiro, March 20, 1880) was a Brazilian composer and flautist.
Da Silva is considered one of the creators of the "choro" genre of music. His band, " O Choro do Callado", used an ebony flute, two viols and a cavaquinho, and was noted for facility at improvisation. Da Silva wrote and co-authored many choroes, as a new way of interpreting modinhas, lundus, waltzes and polkas. His work was an inspiration to his friend and pupil, Viriato Figueira, and his friend and band member, the female composer Chiquinha Gonzaga.

</doc>
<doc id="9706700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706700" title="Starstream Records">
Starstream Records

Starstream Records was the record label for Starstream Communications Group, Inc., a Houston, Texas based radio promotions company (1980–1990).
Approximately 250 albums and singles were released by Starstream as part of local rock, soul and Hispanic music talent searches conducted by Starstream and local radio stations in top US markets.
Radio stations releasing LPs on the Starstream label include WCOZ, Boston; WAPP, New York, WPDH Poughkeepsie, KLOL, Houston, KLOS, Los Angeles and KSJO, San Jose.
Alumni of Starstream albums include Bon Jovi (WAPP), Twisted Sister (WAPP), Jon Butcher (WCOZ) and The Replacements (KQDS).

</doc>
<doc id="9706735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706735" title="Ale jestem">
Ale jestem

"Ale jestem" (English translation: "But I Am") was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Polish by Anna Maria Jopek.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Jopek singing about her realisation that life is there to be lived. She sings that she is a number of different things, including "A spark, a gasp of wind" and "A boat stray among the reefs".
The song was performed twelfth on the night (following Germany's Bianca Shomburg with "Zeit" and preceding Estonia's Maarja-Liis Ilus with "Keelatud maa"). At the close of voting, it had received 54 points, placing 11th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1998 Contest by Sixteen with "To takie proste".

</doc>
<doc id="9706740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706740" title="William de Deyn">
William de Deyn

William de Deyn [de la Deyn] (died 1350) was a 14th-century Scottish monk and cleric. Little can be said about Deyn's early life. He had obtained a licentiate in decrees at some point in his youth, and he must have become a Tironensian monk, for by 1329, and perhaps as early as 1327, he was Abbot of Kilwinning. Kilwinning Abbey was a Tironensian house in Cunninghame, in existence since the 1160s. He appears for the first time in this capacity as witness to a charter of Walter Comyn of Rowallan.
In 1344, Deyn, perhaps through Stewart patronage, was chosen to succeed Alexander de Kininmund as Bishop of Aberdeen. Deyn travelled to continental Europe, and by 27 September had received consecration. His consecration had been performed by Cardinal Peter Despres. In May 1345, the Pope appointed him as Scotland's papal tax collector, a duty Deyn fulfilled, sending the proceeds to the papacy via merchants in Bruges. He was one of the notables who petitioned the papacy in 1347 to legitimise the marriage of Robert Stewart and Elizabeth More of Rowallan. In 1349 he was in attendance with the Justiciar of Scotia holding court at the standing stones of Old Rayne in Garioch.
He died on 20 August 1350 and was buried in the choir of Aberdeen Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9706744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706744" title="Didia (gens)">
Didia (gens)

The gens Didia, or Deidia, as the name was spelled on coins, was a plebeian family at Rome, which first appears during the latter period of the Republic. Cicero calls them "novi homines". The only member of the family who obtained the consulship under the Republic was Titus Didius, in 98 BC.
Praenomina used.
The Didii used the praenomina "Titus, Sextus, Gaius, Quintus, Aulus", and "Lucius".
Branches and cognomina.
In the time of the Republic, no Didius bore a cognomen.
See also.
List of Roman gentes

</doc>
<doc id="9706751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706751" title="Suzy (film)">
Suzy (film)

Suzy is a 1936 drama film starring Jean Harlow, Franchot Tone, and Cary Grant. The film was partially written by Dorothy Parker and directed by George Fitzmaurice, based on a novel by Herman Gorman. The Oscar-nominated theme song, "Did I Remember?", was sung by Virginia Verrill (uncredited).
Plot.
In 1914, American showgirl "Suzy" Trent (Jean Harlow) is in London, looking for romance and meets and marries Irish engineer and inventor Terry Moore (Franchot Tone). The couple stumble on a German plot and her husband is shot by Madame Diane Eyrelle (Benita Hume), a mysterious spy. Fearing she will be implicated in Terry's death, Suzy flees to Paris as World War I begins.
In the cabaret where she works, Suzy meets famed French ace Capt. Andre Charville (Cary Grant) who immediately falls in love with her. Their sudden marriage is not welcomed at first by his aristocratic father, Baron Edward Charville (Lewis Stone) but Suzy cares for him as her husband goes to the front. After he is wounded, Suzy goes to his side but finds that her first husband who survived his shooting, is delivering new British fighters to Andre's squadron. She also discovers Andre has been unfaithful and the beautiful woman who has been caring for him was the German spy she saw in London.
In a confrontation with the spy and her henchman, Andre is killed but Terry flies his dangerous mission, taking revenge on the spy and the German fighters who had planned to ambush Andre. His crash landing back at the spy's chateau ends with Andre's dead body being placed next to his aircraft. At the funeral that follows, even German flyers pay homage and Terry is ordered to see the ace's widow back home to Paris.
Production.
Dorothy Parker was notable as one of the screenwriting team, with much of the early scene's witty dialogue attributed to her. Harlow's cabaret song, Walter Donaldson and Harold Adamson's "Did I Remember (To Tell You I Adored You)" was dubbed by vocalist Virginia Verrill who also had dubbed for her in "Reckless" (1935). Grant, who replaced Clark Gable as the third lead, also sang a few bars of the song. Other songs included: "When You Wore a Tulip and I Wore a Big Red Rose" and "Under the Bamboo Tree", uncredited but sung by Verrill.
In order to film the aerial sequences, footage was leased from Howard Hughes and one scene was directly lifted from "Hell's Angels" (1930), which had been Harlow's break-through film. A number of aircraft were prominently seen, including Andre's S.E.5 fighter, German Fokker D.VII and Thomas-Morse S-4 fighters as well as a rare Sikorsky S-29-A airliner filling in as a German Gotha bomber.
Reception.
Although Harlow dominates the film, it is not considered one of her finest with a mundane plot and only the Grant and Tone roles being notable. Critic Frank S. Nugent of "The New York Times" considered it hackneyed, "...it plunges across the screen, creates some mild excitement and careens out again, leaving us with a few esthetic bruises and a feeling that a little fresh air would do no harm." 
Accolades.
Walter Donaldson (music) and Harold Adamson (lyrics) were nominated in the category, Best Music, Original Song for the song "Did I Remember" at the 1937 Academy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9706824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706824" title="Reginald Wilmot">
Reginald Wilmot

Reginald William Ernest "Old Boy" Wilmot (1869–1949) was a leading sports journalist in Melbourne, Australia in the early 20th century, well known for his writing on cricket and Australian rules football. Wilmot's writing on football and sport in general were authoritative and displayed wisdom and generosity.
Along with Hugh Buggy, R.W.E. Wilmot was believed to have coined the term 'bodyline' during the 1932/33 Ashes Test cricket series. Wilmot also wrote several books on cricket including "Defending The Ashes 1932-33" which gave a rare Australian perspective on this historic and controversial series.
R.W.E. Wilmot was a student of Melbourne Grammar School. He would later be heavily involved in the organisation of amateur sport in Melbourne and often used his newspaper columns to promote the value of school sport, particularly as it was played in public schools. He supported amateurism in school sport strongly because, as he commented in an article on professional coaches in 1914, ‘the professional very often misses the spirit of sport in his desire to gain’.[http://www.la84foundation.org/SportsLibrary/SportingTraditions/1998/st1501/st1501f.pdf]
His strongly held loathing of professional sport carried over to his love of football. In 1915 Wilmot, then the vice-president of the Metropolitan Amateur Football Association, used his position as the "Argus"'s football scribe, "Old Boy", to launch an attack on the mercenary nature of professional football, arguing that professional football did not improve the calibre of man and did nothing to improve the sport and, as such, was of no value to the community.[http://www.awm.gov.au/journal/j28/j28-blai.htm]
In July 1935 the Victorian Football League presented Wilmot with a mahogany log box for 46 years service to football as a journalist.
R.W.E. Wilmot's son, Reginald William Winchester "Chester" Wilmot (1911–1954), was a famed World War II correspondent and historian.[http://www.adb.online.anu.edu.au/biogs/A160666b.htm?hilite=wilmot]
R.W.E. Wilmot was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996, with his citation reading:
In 1998 Wilmot was inducted to the Melbourne Cricket Ground's "Rogues Gallery" with his citation reading:

</doc>
<doc id="9706849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706849" title="Siruvani Waterfalls">
Siruvani Waterfalls

Siruvani Waterfalls and the dam named after them are located west of Coimbatore City in the Western Ghats. The reservoir at Siruvani was built for Tamil Nadu by the Kerala Government to meet the drinking water requirements of Coimbatore city. The gateways on either side of the road across the dam are typical of the Kerala and Tamil architectural styles. Siruvani is also home to certain tribals like the Mudugars and Irulars.. Water from Siruvani River is renowned for its taste and mineral properties, and the view from the falls and the dam is a great tourist attraction.
The falls are from Karunya University. Sadivayal Checkpost, where an entry fee is charged, is the gateway to the waterfalls. Bus lines 59C, 59, 14E, and the Sirvani and Sadivayal buses, ply at regular intervals from Coimbatore. Other interesting projects/places nearby are Parambikulam, Aliyar, Sholiyar, Palar rivers and the Anaimalai Hills range.
The sweetness has been attributed to the vegetation and rocks through which the water flows through in the Attapady area. The Siruvani dam, located in Kerala close to the picturesque Attapady valley, has an interesting history.
The Government gave its approval for construction of the `masonry gravity' damin February 1915, work did not start immediately, if we correlate the information from the Archaeology Department, Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage (TWAD) Board and the district gazette.
The villagers of Boluvampatti and Alandurai opposed the scheme, as they feared it would affect them. But they were convinced about the benefits of bringing Siruvani water to a town that was growing.
Construction finally began in 1927. But it was no easy task, for the dam site was in an extremely unfriendly terrain. Worse, wild animals frequented the place. So, all those engaged in construction work stayed in the guesthouse near Iruttu pallam. They rode their way to the dam site on horses with gunmen providing security. Even now, a visit to the Siruvani dam is not much different (except for the fact that you don't have to travel on a horse). Forest guards continue to accompany those who visit the dam. The initial cost of construction was Rs. 2, 17,725 (for 23 feet). And, the reason for selecting the site - it had perennial streams. The area below the Siruvani, Muthikulam falls, Gobiyaru, Solaiyaru, Pattiyaru, Veeraru and Paambaru falls, the main sources of supply, was identified for construction.
There were even plans to commission a hydroelectric project at Siruvani. But the move was dropped as the Pykara project in the Nilgiris was mooted at the time. Major and minor construction works continued till 1984 and the total cost worked out to Rs. 26.12 crores.
The drawal from the dam was in 1931 was 113 lakh litres for a population of more than 95,000. All those who complain about inadequate water supply from Siruvani, take heart.
Water shortage is nothing new. In the 1970s, the drawal was scaled down to 130 lakh litres from 186 lakh litres in the summer as inflow into the Muthikulam reduced by half.
Gallery.
Here are some photographs from August 2005.
References.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coimbatore District

</doc>
<doc id="9706859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706859" title="Sven Vintappares Gränd">
Sven Vintappares Gränd

Sven Vintappares Gränd () is a small alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching from Västerlånggatan to Stora Nygatan, it forms a parallel street to Överskärargränd and Didrik Ficks Gränd, while passing on the north side of the small square Sven Vintappares Torg.
First mentioned as "Swen wintapperes grendh" in 1588, the alley is most likely named after Sven Staffansson, a man said to be "Kung:e M:ttz tro tienere och wintappere" (e.g. "His Majesty's true servant and wine-tapper") and mentioned as having bought a property in the alley. His widow is known to have been given a house on Helgeandsholmen in 1620.
The writer and poet Anna Maria Lenngren (1754–1817) mentions the alley in a poem describing "Mårten Holk", an anonymous man living in the alley who drinks only water, however joining the army where he is taught to drink everything but water while obtaining 'a smart coat and a grand desk':
The author and actress Vera Siöcrona (1914–2003), who bravely battled the plans to demolish substantial parts of the old town and who published the book "Mitt Gamla stan" ("My Old Town") in 1966, settled in the alley in the middle of the 1940s, after her old address at Kolmätargränd had been demolished. The troubadour Evert Taube (1890–1976), who flirted her, mentions their encounter in his song "Vera i Vintappargränd".

</doc>
<doc id="9706861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706861" title="Termez Airport">
Termez Airport

Termez Airport is an airport serving Termez, a city in southern Uzbekistan. It is used as a base for German Air Force C-160 "Transalls" which are part of the German ISAF-contingent.

</doc>
<doc id="9706894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706894" title="Urgench International Airport">
Urgench International Airport

Urgench International Airport is an airport in Urgench, Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9706910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706910" title="150th Aviation Regiment">
150th Aviation Regiment

The 150th Aviation Regiment is a regiment of the United States Army National Guard organized under the United States Army Regimental System.
The regiment was constituted 1 October 1987 in the New Jersey, Vermont and Delaware Army National Guard as the 150th Aviation, a parent regiment under the United States Army Regimental System and organized to consist of 1st Battalion at West Trenton, New Jersey, Company D at South Burlingnton, Vermont; Company E at New Castle, Delaware and Company F at Dover, New Jersey, all elements of the 50th Armored Division. 
1st Battalion, 150th Aviation.
The 1st Battalion, 150th Aviation Regiment, is an assault helicopter battalion (AHB) that was split between two mid-Atlantic states with a total of 16 UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters. One half of the unit was the Headquarters & Headquarters Company (HHC), Alpha Company, and Charlie Company based at Trenton, New Jersey on the Trenton-Mercer Airport. The other half was Bravo Company with an HHC detachment and a Charlie Company detachment based at the New Castle County Airport in Delaware. The 1–150th GSAB was mobilized in May 2004 in support for Operation Iraqi Freedom and deployed to Iraq in November 2004. The soldiers of the 1–150th GSAB served with distinction during the 12 month deployment supporting the 42nd Infantry Division Command Group Mission throughout their sector by executing command & control, air assault, and air movement missions. After their combat tour, they arrived back on US soil in November 2005.
The 1-150th is now based out of Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, Lakehurst, New Jersey. In Lakehurst is HHC, Alpha, the new Bravo (A 2-104th), Delta and Echo Companies. Alpha and Bravo companies are flight companies. HHC consists of battalion staff. Delta Company is the AVUM level maintenance company. Echo Company serves as the ground support company. Also with them is a detachment from the 628th ASB identified as Bravo Company who serves as an AVIM level maintenance company Intermediate Maintenance. Right now, the 150th falls under the 57th Troop Command, New Jersey Army National Guard, who are based out of Atlantic City, NJ. 
In 2009 the units were again deployed to Iraq. The 628th went to Tallil and the 1-150th was in Al Kut. During this deployment the 1-150th Aviation fell under the 28th Combat Aviation Brigade and later the 12th Combat Aviation Brigade. They suffered no casualties during the 9–10 months in country.

</doc>
<doc id="9706911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706911" title="House of Heroes (album)">
House of Heroes (album)

House of Heroes is the second full-length album by Christian rock band House of Heroes. It was released on Gotee Records. A nearly identical re-issue of this record, "Say No More", features the same audio tracks with two additional songs.
Singles.
All singles were released to Christian radio.

</doc>
<doc id="9706932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706932" title="Zarafshan Airport">
Zarafshan Airport

Zarafshan Airport is an airport of entry in Zarafshan, Navoiy Province, Uzbekistan.
Facilities.
The airport has one runway which is in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9706978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706978" title="Goat Rock">
Goat Rock

Goat Rock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9706982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706982" title="Franz Joseph Feuchtmayer">
Franz Joseph Feuchtmayer

Franz Joseph Feuchtmayer (9 March 1660 (baptized) – 25 December 1718) was a member of the German Feuchtmayer family of Baroque artists of the Wessobrunner School. 
Feuchtmayer was born in Wessobrunn Abbey. A sculptor and stuccoist, he (along with his brother Johann Michael) was responsible for the choir stalls in the Benedictine monastery church in Einsiedeln, Switzerland, and for the sculptures on the altars and pulpits in the Parish Church of St. Maria in Seitenstetten, Austria. He also assisted in the rebuilding of the Salem Abbey, destroyed in a fire in 1697. He died in Mimmenhausen (near Salem, Bodensee.
He was the brother of Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Elder) and Michael Feuchtmayer (b. 1667); the father of Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer (1696–1770); the uncle of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (1705–1764) and Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (1709–1772); and the great-uncle of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (1735–1803).

</doc>
<doc id="9706993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706993" title="Sengupathi Falls">
Sengupathi Falls

Sengupathi Falls are situated from Coimbatore city
on the Coimbatore - Siruvani Road.
Other interesting projects/places nearby are Parambikulam, Aliyar, Sholiyar, Palar rivers and Anaimalai Hills range. Siruvani Waterfalls is not too far from this place.

</doc>
<doc id="9706997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9706997" title="Magyarvalkó">
Magyarvalkó

Magyarvalkó is the Hungarian name for two places in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="9707061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707061" title="Evan Yo">
Evan Yo

Tsai Min-you (born 12 November 1986), better known as Evan Yo, is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter. He was signed by his management company at 14 and has been signed by Sony Music Taiwan since 2006. He has released four albums and was nominated for "Best New Artist" in 2007 at the 18th Golden Melody Awards, Taiwan.
Tsai graduated from the Music Department of National Taiwan Normal University. He majored in the violin.

</doc>
<doc id="9707080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707080" title="William R. Cumpiano">
William R. Cumpiano

William Richard Cumpiano (born April 30, 1945) is a builder of stringed musical instruments and is known for his writing and teaching of the art of luthiery. He has been involved in the preservation and understanding of the fading musical and musical-craft traditions of his native island of Puerto Rico. Cumpiano was instrumental in the development of the first feature-length documentary about the cuatro and its music, "Our Cuatro: The Puerto Ricans and Stringed Instruments", Volumes 1 and 2.
Early years.
Cumpiano was born into a middle-class family in San Juan, Puerto Rico. His father was native from the town of Rincon, Puerto Rico, and his mother from Boston, Massachusetts. He was raised in the capital of Puerto Rico where he received his primary and secondary education. On one occasion, Cumpiano wandered into an eatery next to his grade school which had a jukebox. He listened to Odilio Gonzalez sing a decima with a guitar and a cuatro in the background. In Puerto Rico the type of music that Odilio Gonzalez sang is known as "Musica Jibara", which is Puerto Rico's culturally equivalent of what in the United States is called country music. This early experience would eventually grow into his passion for Puerto Rican traditional instruments and singing.
Cumpiano attended the University of Puerto Rico High School in Río Piedras from 1959 to 1961 and St. John's Preparatory School in Santurce from 1961 until his graduation in 1962.
He wanted to study engineering, and in 1962 he moved to Medford, Massachusetts. There he enrolled at Tufts University, where he discovered that he was more interested in studying art. In 1964, he moved to New York City and studied industrial design at Pratt Institute. He earned his B.Ind.D. (Bachelor of Industrial Design) in 1968, and went to work as a professional furniture designer.
Master guitarmaker.
Cumpiano met master guitarmaker Michael Gurian in 1969, and under Gurian's mentoring he began his training in the craft of guitarmaking. Cumpiano left his job and went to work in Gurian's guitarmaking shop in New Hampshire. In Gurian's guitarmaking shop he met and befriended Gurian's shop foreman, Michael Millard. Eventually Cumpiano and Millard established a shop together named "Froggy Bottom Guitars", where Cumpiano completed his training in guitarmaking. In 1974 Cumpiano left to establish his first private guitarmaking studio in Williamstown, Massachusetts. During the next twenty-five years he would move his workshop to North Adams, Leeds and then to Amherst, Massachusetts. In 1997 Cumpiano moved his studio to Easthampton Road in Northampton where it currently resides.
Cumpiano's career spans almost forty years of hand-crafting all sorts of fretted stringed instruments from the North American, European and Latin American traditions. In 1985, his interests turned to the stringed-instrument traditions of his native island of Puerto Rico and over the years, Cumpiano became an authority on the craft and traditions that surround the "national instrument" of Puerto Rico, the 10- stringed native "cuatro". He has built numerous cuatros for musicians in the United States and also has crafted cuatro variants of his own design: he developed a "seis", or six-course (12-string) cuatro that can be tuned in the same string intervals as a guitar. He also developed the "thinline" cuatro with a body depth of only two inches instead of the traditional three.
Among his customers are Arlo Guthrie, Michael Lorimer, John Abercrombie, Country Joe MacDonald, the Todd Rundgren band, June Millington, and Joel Zoss.
Cumpiano has taught his craft for over 20 years out of his studio, in schools, during workshops and lectures and through numerous publications. He has taught cuatromaking to young Puerto Rican artisans under grants originating from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) through various regional arts organizations.
"The Puerto Rican Cuatro Project".
Cumpiano met Juan Sotomayor, a prize-winning photographer who worked on the New York Times staff. They discovered that there was no serious effort being expended at the University of Puerto Rico to study or research the origins and history, the corpus, of the jíbaro musical and musical-craft traditions. They decided to set out to discover the story of Puert Rico's traditional stringed instruments and later, the story of Puerto Rico's traditional music.
In 1992, he co-founded ""The Puerto Rican Cuatro Project"" with Juan Sotomayor and Wilfredo Echevarria, an expert in media communications.
The Puerto Rican Cuatro Project is a non-profit organization dedicated to fostering the traditions that surround the national instrument of Puerto Rico, by means of gathering, promoting and preserving its cultural memories of Puerto Rican musical traditions, folkloric stringed instruments and musicians. The Cuatro Project is also dedicated to the promoting and preserving the Puerto Rican décima verse form and the traditional song as created by its greatest troubadours, living and past.
Cumpiano, who is also a founding board member and president of the Association of Stringed Instrument Artisans (ASIA), has lectured about his skills at conventions of the Guild of American Luthiers (GAL). He has received the recognition of various institutes, among them the American Institute of Architects and the Smithsonian Institution. He is also the co-recipient of 1993 U.S. Patent for the compression-molded carbon-fibre composite guitar soundboard.
Written work and Documentaries.
Cumpiano co-authored, with Jonathon Natelson the world's leading guitarmaking textbook, "GUITARMAKING: Tradition and Technology", a complete reference for the design and construction of the steel-string folk guitar and the classical guitar, which has been acclaimed as the principal textbook in his field and considered by many as the Bible of guitarmaking.
In 1998 Cumpiano and his colleagues wrote, directed and produced "Un Canto en Otra Montaña: Música Puertorriqueña en Hawaii"" (A Song in Another Mountain: Puerto Rican Music in Hawaii), a short-feature video documentary on the music and social history of the century-old Puerto Rican Diaspora in Hawaii.
Cumpiano, together with Sotomayor and Echevarria, wrote, directed and produced twoDVD documentaries for The Cuatro Project. They are:"OUR CUATRO Vol.1", the first feature-length documentary about the cuatro and its music and "OUR CUATRO Vol. 2: A Historic Concert". Cumpiano and cultural researcher David Morales produced another DVD documentary "THE DÉCIMA BORINQUEÑA: An ancient poetic singing tradition", directed by Myriam Fuentes. The proceeds of these recordings were to be used for the research and documentation activities of the Puerto Rican Cuatro Project.
Cumpiano also co-produced and co-directed in 2001, the documentary ""Construyendo Cuatros"" (Making Cuatros), which comprises visits with two of Puerto Rico's most respected cuatro makers, showing them at work, the sequence of constructing a cuatro, and their impressions of their craft and the future prospects for the instrument.
Associations.
Cumpiano has been a member of the following associations:
Awards and exhibits.
Among Cumpiano's awards and exhibitions are the following:
Awards:
Exhibits:
Currently.
Cumpiano has been married to Jeanette Rodriguez for the last 23 years and has a stepson. He continues to run his shop and is active with The Puerto Rican Cuatro Project. He currently shares his Northampton studio with a partner of many years, the master luthier Harry Becker, and they call their studio, "Becker and Cumpiano Stringed Instruments".
He has been featured in many magazines and he has written articles which have been featured in the following publications: Journal of Guitar Acoustics, Frets magazine, Guitar Player Magazine, Fine Woodworking Magazine, Stringed Instrument Craftsman, "Acoustic Guitar", Guitarmaker, the journal of the Association of Stringed Instrument Artisans (ASIA), American Luthierie, the journal of the Guild of American Luthiers (GAL) and is the author of "Manuel Velázquez, guitarrero" article in Houghton-Mifflin Spanish-language reader, "Portales" (published 1997). Cumpiano is writer/consultant for Question & Answer column for "Acoustic Guitar".
Cumpiano is putting the finishing touches on the manuscript of "The Cuatro Project", which he and his comrades began 15 years ago, tracing the roots and evolution of Puerto Rican traditional stringed instruments. He has been active giving community instrument-making workshops in Chicago, Massachusetts and Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="9707085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707085" title="Burret">
Burret

Burret is a commune in the Ariège department of southwestern France.
Population.
Inhabitants of Burret are called "Burretois".

</doc>
<doc id="9707139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707139" title="Article marketing">
Article marketing

Article marketing is a type of advertising in which businesses write short articles about themselves, their company or their field of expertise as a marketing strategy. A primary style for the articles includes a "bio box" and "byline" (collectively known as the resource box) about the business.
Traditional Article Marketing.
Article marketing has been used by professionals for nearly as long as mass print has been available. A business provides content to a newspaper, possibly on a timely topic such as an article on tax audits during tax season, and the newspaper may use the article and include the business's name and contact information. Newspapers and other traditional media have limited budgets for gathering content and these articles may be used in the business section of the newspaper.
Internet Article Marketing.
Internet article marketing is used to promote the authors expertise of their market, products or services online via article directories. Article directories with good web page ranks receive a lot of site visitors and may be considered authority sites by search engines,leading to high traffic. These directories then give PageRank to the author's website and in addition send traffic from readers. Articles and article directories attract search engines because of their rich content.
Business Owners, Marketers and Entrepreneurs attempt to maximize the results of an article advertising campaign by submitting their articles to a number of article directories. However, most of the major search engines filter duplicate content to stop the identical content material from being returned multiple times in a search engine results page. Some marketers attempt to circumvent this filter by creating a number of variations of an article, known as article spinning. By doing this, one article can theoretically acquire site visitors from a number of article directories. 
Most forms of search engine optimization and internet marketing require a domain, internet hosting plan, and promoting budget. However, article marketing makes use of article directories as a free host and receives traffic by way of organic searches due to the listing's search engine authority.
The primary goal behind article marketing is to get search engine traffic to the article so that the author can strengthen their authority and influence within their field, while also leveraging that traffic for their own site(s). The key to article marketing is that the author should be providing value with their articles, not just promoting their site, products or services.

</doc>
<doc id="9707150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707150" title="Say No More (House of Heroes album)">
Say No More (House of Heroes album)

Say No More is an album from Christian rock band House of Heroes, released on May 2, 2006. While the CD is technically a full-length album, it is mainly a re-release of the band's second album. Unlike "House of Heroes", this album was not released on Gotee Records. Instead, it was released on Gotee's imprint label, Mono Vs Stereo. Other than the instrumental "The Bois D'arc Circus" being added onto the end of "Pulling Back The Skin" to make one track, adding two new songs, and the cover art and title being changed, it is the same record. The other songs, with the exception of tracks 4 and 9 (which are the new songs featured on the re-issue) are the same recording of the previous album. The band calls this an album, but admits is not really an entirely new album. The band does play the song "The Invisible Hook" at shows, and the song is played on Christian radio stations, so the album has become as popular as their previous releases. In fact, the band often names this album rather than the previous album when referring to songs of this era. 

</doc>
<doc id="9707163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707163" title="Kerava railway station">
Kerava railway station

Kerava railway station (, ) is located in the town of Kerava, Finland. It is located approximately from Helsinki Central railway station.
Kerava station is a crossing-point station, with connections from the main track from Helsinki to Riihimäki to the tracks to Lahti, Sköldvik, Porvoo, and to the Vuosaari Harbour. Trains to Riihimäki and Lahti, with the exception of a few express trains, stop at Kerava. Trains on the Kerava city railway also stop there.
The station house is uncommonly large and was built in 1876-1878 and extended in 1904. When the house was built the station had already been operational for over ten years. 

</doc>
<doc id="9707177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707177" title="Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin">
Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin

The Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin, formerly known as the Wisconsin Winnebago Tribe, is one of two federally recognized tribe of Ho-Chunk people. The other Ho-Chunk tribe is the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska. The name "Ho-Chunk" comes from the word "Hochungra", meaning "People of the Big Voice."
Reservation.
The Ho-Chunk Reservation, established in 1875, is spread over Dane, Jackson, Juneau, Monroe, Sauk, Shawano, and Wood Counties, Wisconsin. In 1990, the reservation was 4,200-acres large.
Government.
The Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin is headquartered in Black River Falls, Wisconsin. The tribe is governed by a democratically-elected general council. The current administration is as follows.
Language.
The Ho-Chunk Nation speak English and the Ho-Chunk language, which is a Chiwere-Winnebago language, part of the Siouan-Catawban language family.
Economic development.
The Ho-Chunk Nation owns and operates several casinos, Ho-Chunk Gaming, in Black River Falls, Baraboo, Madison, Nekoosa, Tomah, and Wittenberg, Wisconsin. The tribe also owns numerous restaurants and hotels connected to the casinos.
History.
The Ho-Chunk people were forcibly relocated several times by the US federal government in the 19th century. In the 1870s, a majority of the tribe returned to their homelands in Wisconsin. Under the Homestead Act, some tribal members gained title to 40-acres parcels of land.

</doc>
<doc id="9707192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707192" title="Simon Palomares">
Simon Palomares

Simon Palomares (born in Düsseldorf, Germany) is a Spanish-Australian comedian and actor, best known for his character "Ricky" in "Acropolis Now".
Biography.
Palomares studied drama and psychology at Deakin University (Rusden) and studied acting at the renowned Juan Carlos Corazza School in Madrid. Recently he completed a post-graduate degree in arts and entertainment management at Deakin University.
Stand-up comedy and theatre.
Palomares was one of the creators and stars of the "Wogs Out of Work" comedy stage show, which later evolved into the "Acropolis Now" TV series. He has performed comedy shows in the United States, Canada, Spain and Argentina where he performs stand-up in Spanish. More recently, Palomares has toured Australia in a combination cooking program and stand-up comedy show called "Palomares Cooks Calamares".
Palomares has worked as a writer in Madrid, Spain, for "Lo Mas Plus", a nightly review program on Canal+, and directed a flamenco version of Lorca's "The House of Bernarda Alba" at the Malthouse Theatre in Melbourne. He performed 2007-2011 with fellow comedians George Kapiniaris, Joe Avati and Jason Chong in a national tour of their show "Il Dago". In July 2011 Palomares was invited to the Just For Laughs Comedy Festival in Montreal by Paramount Comedy (Spain) to record a Spanish comedy TV special for Canadian OMNI Channel.
In 2011 he also produced a 13 episode series for C31 in Melbourne called Passion to Profession.
Television and film.
Most recently he has performed for the program Nuevos Comicos on Paramount Comedy (Spain) and completed a documentary called KO HO NAS (Cojones) for Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) shown in Australia on November 11, 2009. He wrote and directed a short film, "The Usual", which was acclaimed at the St Kilda Film Festival.
In 2006, he created, co-hosted and commentated on "The Foosy Show", a program where contestants play table football (foosball), with George Kapiniaris on Channel 31 in Melbourne. In addition to his acting credits,below, he appeared as himself in an episode of the ABC series Smallest Room in the House, a series in which stand-up comedians told true stories of their upbringing.
Palomares has directed episodes of Neighbours and was second unit director on Totally Full Frontal. He has also provided voices in the video games (2004) and (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="9707202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707202" title="Rosario Mazzeo">
Rosario Mazzeo

Rosario Mazzeo (April 5, 1911 – July 19, 1997) was an American clarinetist and clarinet system designer. He was born in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, grew up in Worcester, Massachusetts, and afterward lived in Boston, Massachusetts. He played first E-flat clarinet and later bass clarinet in the Boston Symphony Orchestra from 1933 to 1966. 
Personnel manager with the Boston Symphony for much of his performance tenure, Rosario Mazzeo was also chairman of the woodwind department at the New England Conservatory of Music. After his retirement from the BSO, he lived in Carmel, California, where he had an extensive private studio and was a faculty member at the University of California, San Francisco Conservatory and Stanford University. He was the designer of the Mazzeo system of clarinet keywork.

</doc>
<doc id="9707258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707258" title="The Islamic Schools of Victoria">
The Islamic Schools of Victoria

The Islamic Schools of Victoria, or otherwise known as Al-Taqwa College, is a primary and secondary school located on Sayers Rd, Truganina, Victoria, outside Melbourne, Australia. 
When the school was first established, classes were ranged from Prep to Year 10. But as the school grew it expanded and added on VCE (Years 11 and 12). The school made a branch in Indonesia, with the same name, Al Taqwa College International Islamic School of Indonesia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9707263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707263" title="Cause–effect graph">
Cause–effect graph

In software testing, a cause–effect graph is a directed graph that maps a set of causes to a set of effects. The causes may be thought of as the input to the program, and the effects may be thought of as the output. Usually the graph shows the nodes representing the causes on the left side and the nodes representing the effects on the right side. There may be intermediate nodes in between that combine inputs using logical operators such as AND and OR.
Constraints may be added to the causes and effects. These are represented as edges labeled with the constraint symbol using a dashed line. For causes, valid constraint symbols are E (exclusive), O (one and only one), I (at least one), and R (Requires). The exclusive constraint states that at most one of the causes 1 and 2 can be true, i.e. both cannot be true simultaneously. The Inclusive (at least one) constraint states that at least one of the causes 1, 2 or 3 must be true, i.e. all cannot be false simultaneously. The one and only one (OaOO or simply O) constraint states that only one of the causes 1, 2 or 3 can be true. The Requires constraint states that if cause 1 is true, then cause 2 must be true, and it is impossible for 1 to be true and 2 to be false.
For effects, valid constraint symbol is M (Mask). The mask constraint states that if effect 1 is true then effect 2 is false. Note that the mask constraint relates to the effects and not the causes like the other constraints. 
The graph's direction is as follows:
The graph can always be rearranged so there is only one node between any input and any output. See conjunctive normal form and disjunctive normal form.
A cause–effect graph is useful for generating a reduced decision table.

</doc>
<doc id="9707279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707279" title="Lev Sternberg">
Lev Sternberg

Lev (Chaim-Leib) Yakovlevich Sternberg () (, Zhitomir, Russian Empire – August 14, 1927, Dudergof, now Mozhaisky, Soviet Union) was a Ukrainian ethnographer who from 1889 to 1897 studied the Nivkhs (Gilyaks), Oroks, and Ainu on Sakhalin and in Siberia for the American Museum of Natural History, in New York City.
Sternberg majored in physics and mathematics at Saint Petersburg State University. He later majored in law at Novorossiisk University. He was an activist who joined "Narodnaya Volya" (The People's Will) and edited the publication "Vestnik Narodnoi Voli" (The Narodnaya Volya Herald). He was not a Marxist. He was arrested by Russian authorities April 27, 1886 for participation in "The People's Will" which was labeled an anti-tsarist terrorist organization spending three years in an Odessa jail. Sternberg was then exiled to the Sakhalin penal colony for a ten-year prison sentence. He was deported from Odessa on the boat "Peterburg" on March 19, 1889, arriving in Port Aleksandrovsk, Sakhalin, on May 19, 1889. Sternberg agitated authorities due to his activism with regard to prisoners' and indigenous peoples' rights. Authorities sent him to the remote community of Viakhtu, 100 km north of Port Aleksandrovsk, where he first began his ethnographic fieldwork on the Nivkhs, Oroks, and Ainu. He would return home but be put under house arrest for the first few years.
Lev Sternberg was an important Russian figure in the then new field of anthropology. Sternberg, with the help of Vladimir Bogoraz organized the first Russian ethnography center at Saint Petersburg State University after the 1917 Russian Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="9707371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707371" title="Peter Horn (poet)">
Peter Horn (poet)

Peter Rudolf Gisela Horn, born 7 December 1934 in Teplice Czechoslovakia (currently in Czech Republic). He is a well-known South African poet, who made his mark especially with his anti-Apartheid poetry. At the end of World War II he had to flee from his home and settled with his parents first in Bavaria and later in Freiburg im Breisgau, where he completed high school in 1954. He then emigrated with his parents to South Africa. 
Education and career.
He attended the primary school in Schönau; the Gymnasium in Teplice (1945); Donauwörth (1945–1950); Berthold-Gymnasium in Freiburg (Brsg) (1950–1954).He studied at the University of the Witwatersrand and the College of Education (Johannesburg). He worked for some time as a packer, builder, lab assistant, photographer, insurance agent, and a teacher. He then taught at University of the Witwatersrand, the University of South Africa and the University of Zululand. He was professor and head of department of German at the University of Cape Town (1974–1999).
He is now Honorary Professor and Research Associate at the University of the Witwatersrand. [http://www.wits.ac.za/academic/humanities/slls/staff/7637/staff_profiles.html]
Poetry and short stories.
His poetry has been characterised by Jacques Alvarez-Pereyre as follows:
Totalitarian regimes have the citizens and poets they deserve, those who accept the bayonets upon which order is based and who, by their silence or useless chatter, make themselves the accomplices of those who rule. Peter Horn' is not one of these: he has chosen to be on the side of the oppressed, on the side of the future, of the dream of a multiracial society, in short, on the side of freedom., 
Lionel Abrahams said that his poetry "is overwhelmingly the record of his responses to aspects of the South African system, which he scrutinises not in a nakedly personal way but, rather in the manner of his master Brecht, through the equipment of a revolutionary critique.". 
Dirk Klopper in wrote: 
"Inasmuch as Horn's poems are both unashamedly political and highly crafted, they demonstrate that materialist and formalist concerns are not necessarily mutually exclusive, and that it is possible for a poet to dedicate his writing to a political cause without automatically sacrificing technical achievement [...]The ten poems that comprise The Plumstead Elegies constitute a sustained meditation on the nature and function of poetry in a society riven by violence, injustice and exploitation. In these elegies, Horn re-examines the basis of his writing and recommits himself to finding an appropriate poetic voice." 
Rod MacKenzie wrote in:
This book stands among the most necessary writing that has been produced in this country in the last quarter of a century. Horn has wrenched his poetic syntax away from the prosody and forms of European traditions. He has forged a blunt, at times brutal rhythm as part of a poetic vehicle whose project is to remind a society of itself politically and socially. With marked success he makes "socially privileged" readers/listeners angry, uncomfortable [...] Horn's output is often compelled by an intense, burning anger, that, when focused, creates the most moving and elegiac poetry. It would reach into any person with a shred of compassion.
In Michael Chapman wrote: 
Horn strips away not only metaphor but also any hints of 'poetic' beauty [...] Horn's lines as far as some readers are concerned will seem to lack beauty, in that language is washed of poetic figures. But for others again, his poetry may have a powerful resonance, carried primarily in ideas rather than images [...] 'individuality' is eliminated in favour of the collective self. In the above lines, there is accord between social and personal projections, for the informing intelligence is one that has been politicized. It is perhaps not surprising that Horn's anti-poetic approach should have affinities with that of the 'new austerity' of much of European poetry produced since World War II. [...] It is Horn's achievement to have shown that an art of the unattractive can have its own kind of 'beauty'. 
And Peter Galli wrote in a review in: 
He admits his own role, fears, doubts and inadequacies, while questioning the function, role and nature of poetry. His often diverse and contradictory perceptions and reactions to the continually changing political sphere add to the work's credibility as a realistic exposé of the SA political situation over time.
Andries Walter Oliphant described "The Rivers Which Connect us to the Past": "These broad themes are given an African inflection and expressed with consummate craft in a variety of poetic modalities.", Jane Rosenthal described Horn's stories, as "ranging from the drily satirical to recreations of horror and dementia", they "leave an impression of savage intensity. Waiting for Mandela, one of the lighter stories, is about a pickpocket who attends the release rally with loot in mind. Here Horn achieves a bizarre and telling counterpoint of the apolitical indifference of this singleminded "skelm" with the lyrical majesty of Mandela.'s speech".
Prizes and honours.
Among the many prizes were the 1992 Noma Award: (Honourable Mention for "Poems 1964-1989", the 1993 Alex La Guma/Bessie Head Award for "The Kaffir who read Books" (published as "My Voice is under Control now"); he was made an Honorary Fellow of the University of Cape Town in 1994; in 2000 he was awarded the Charles Herman Bosman Prize for "My Voice is under Control now"; in 2000 he was a Finalist for the Caine Prize for African Literature. He received the SALA Literary Lifetime Award 2011. He served on the COSAW (Congress of South African Writers) Western Cape Executive (1988–1990); the COSAW National Executive (1991–1992), as an Honorary Vice President NUSAS (1977–1981); a Trustee of the South African Prisoners' Educational Trust Fund (1980–1985); Interim Committee of the Unemployed Workers' Movement (1984/5). He was awarded the Life Time Literary Achievement Award of the South African Literary Awards (2010)

</doc>
<doc id="9707388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707388" title="Akio Andō">
Akio Andō


</doc>
<doc id="9707435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707435" title="Richard de Potton">
Richard de Potton

Richard de Potton [de Poiton, de Pottock, de Poito] was a 13th-century English bishop. His name was likely derived his name from the town of Potton in Bedfordshire, England.
He was chosen in 1256 to succeed Peter de Ramsay, who had just died, as Bishop of Aberdeen. John of Fordun noted that, although an Englishman, he took an oath of fidelity to King Alexander III of Scotland before taking up his bishopric. There are no details of how Potton had managed to get himself in a position to take up such a prestigious post.
Potton's episcopate is rather obscure, though his few years in charge seem to have been very significant ones for the history of the bishopric. He is said in one account to have united the churches of St Mary's and St Machar's into one cathedral, and he is also credited with making the parish church of Crimond into Aberdeen's fourteenth prebend.
Two different dates have been given for his death. Walter Bower states that it was 1270, and the "Aberdeen Registrum" gives 26 April 1272. His successor Hugh de Benin was consecrated in the summer of the latter year.

</doc>
<doc id="9707460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707460" title="Crossed Loves">
Crossed Loves

Crossed Loves was the working title of an English-language telenovela planned for the American television network MyNetworkTV during the 2007-2008 season. Twentieth Television was developing this limited-run serial. It was based on the 2006 TV Azteca/Caracol series "Amores Cruzados", which is also known as "Crossing Hearts".[http://web.archive.org/web/20070722011524re_/http://www.thefutoncritic.com/devwatch.aspx?id=crossed_loves]
This prince-and-the-pauper story[http://www.image-entertainment.com/dvd/detail.cfm?productID=63820] was about four attractive young people who discover intrigue and romance after chance encounters with one another. It focused on twisted love triangles and stolen steamy subterfuge surrounding two magnetic men who swap identities. One is a spoiled hotel heir and the other is handsome, but impoverished. They trade places so the rich one can escape his father, who wants his son to give up his carefree life and get a real job.
Sparks fly when a gorgeous woman falls for the privileged heir, even though he is already engaged. Meanwhile, her seductive, gold-digging sister fancies the poor man, thinking he is a big spender. They all live borrowed lives while fighting to find real love, as each character hides secrets and lies.
Originally, MyNetworkTV planned to run the serial for 65 hour-long episodes, airing weekday evenings, with a recap on Saturday nights. It was to be filmed at Stu Segall Productions in San Diego. The network's March 1, 2007 announcement that it stopped developing scripted content spelled an end for both the series and the network's slate of telenovelas.[http://www.tvweek.com/news.cms?newsId=11637]

</doc>
<doc id="9707471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707471" title="Araricá">
Araricá

Araricá is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The town was incorporated from Sapiranga in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9707487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707487" title="Toshiyuki Ando">
Toshiyuki Ando


</doc>
<doc id="9707508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707508" title="List of programs broadcast by TV Land">
List of programs broadcast by TV Land

This is a list of television programs formerly and currently broadcast by TV Land.

</doc>
<doc id="9707515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707515" title="A Chaos of Flowers">
A Chaos of Flowers

A Chaos of Flowers (華の乱, Hana no ran) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. The theme is movements of society and art in Taishō period from the viewpoint of Akiko Yosano.

</doc>
<doc id="9707523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707523" title="Werner Haas (pianist)">
Werner Haas (pianist)

Werner Haas (March 3, 1931October 11, 1976) was a German classical pianist. He was known for his performances of early 20th century compositions, particularly those of Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel. He had a wide repertoire that also included works by Frédéric Chopin, Ludwig van Beethoven, Sergei Prokofiev, Dmitry Kabalevsky, and the complete works for piano and orchestra by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
He was born in Stuttgart, Germany and attended the Stuttgart Academy of Music. Later he was a private student of Walter Gieseking. After a successful recital career throughout Europe in the 1950s, he signed a multi-year recording contract with Philips Records. His recording of the complete works of Debussy was awarded the Grand Prix du Disque in 1970. Other recordings of Ravel by Haas were given the Amsterdam Edison Prize, also in 1970.
He died in an auto accident in France in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9707527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707527" title="List of In Living Color episodes">
List of In Living Color episodes

This article lists the episodes of the television show In Living Color during its five season run.
Episodes.
Season 3.
There was a music video special at the end of the season that featured a Jodeci performance that appeared on the Season 3 DVD Set.

</doc>
<doc id="9707572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707572" title="Lee County School District">
Lee County School District

Lee County School District can refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="9707578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707578" title="Takeshi Aragaki">
Takeshi Aragaki


</doc>
<doc id="9707579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707579" title="Riihimäki railway station">
Riihimäki railway station

Riihimäki railway station (, ) is located in the town of Riihimäki, Finland.
History.
The Riihimäki railway station is one of the original stations on the main railway track from Helsinki to Hämeenlinna, opened in 1862. The town was originally built because of the railway. In 1870, a track to Saint Petersburg, Russia, was built (see Riihimäki–Saint Petersburg Railway). The amount of traffic increased, and by the 20th century, Riihimäki became an important crossing-point station. In 1907, a narrow track to Loppi was built, but it was discontinued in 1952. The track was electrified in 1972. By the late 20th century, the railroad traffic from Riihimäki south towards Helsinki started to become overloaded, so a more direct track to Lahti was built. When it was completed, the long-distance rail traffic eastwards toward Russia switched to this new track. Now only local trains and cargo trains travel between Riihimäki and Lahti.
Train connections.
Helsinki commuter rail:
Long-distance rail:

</doc>
<doc id="9707597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707597" title="Stéphane Pédron">
Stéphane Pédron

Stéphane Pedron (born February 20, 1971 in Redon, Ille-et-Vilaine) is a French footballer. He played for many clubs, including FC Lorient.
Pedron ended his career during the season 2006/2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9707622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707622" title="Undulated tinamou">
Undulated tinamou

The undulated tinamou ("Crypturellus undulatus") is a species of ground bird found in a wide range of wooded habitats in eastern and northern South America.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "Kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail. The species name "undulatus" originates from the Latin word for wave, and refers to the wave-like pattern on its plumage.
Taxonomy.
All tinamous are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Subspecies.
However, the exact distribution limits of some of the subspecies are unclear. Notably the population between the Madeira and Purús Rivers (between generally reported range of "C. u. adspersus" and "C. u. yapura"), and the population between the Tapajós and Araguaia Rivers (between generally reported range of "C. u. adspersus" and "C. u. vermiculatus") appear not to have been assigned to subspecies.
Description.
The undulated tinamou is approximately in length, and weighs around . Depending on subspecies, it is overall brownish tinged grey to various extend, and has a strong, black barred to faint vermiculated pattern on the back and neck (for example, while "C. u. undulatus" is relatively rich brown and strongly barred, "C. u. yapura" is darker, more grey-tinged and only has faint vermiculations). It has a whitish throat, and the remainder of its underparts are olive-grey to buff with dark vermiculation on its lower flanks and vent. Its bill is black above and grey below. The legs and feet are grey, dull yellow or greenish.
Behavior.
The nest of the undulated tinamou consists of a depression on the ground, where the female lays around three glossy vinaceous pink or light grey eggs. The incubation time is 17 days in captivity. It feeds on small fruits, seeds and insects.
As other tinamous, the undulated tinamou is secretive, and more frequently heard than seen. The song, commonly given throughout the day, consists of a deep, three or four noted whistle, which has been described by the onomatopoetic "com-pra pan" ("buy bread" in Spanish) or "Eu sou jaó" ("I am Undulated Tinamou" in Portuguese).
Habitat.
The undulated tinamou occurs at altitudes of up to . It occurs in a wide range of wooded habitats, ranging from dense, humid Amazonian forests, to dry, relatively open savanna-woodland. Although most of the range of the undulated tinamou is in the Amazon Basin, significant parts are in drier habitats such as the Cerrado (most of the range of "C. u. vermiculatus" is in the Cerrado region). Though generally considered resident, minor seasonal movements between habitats do occur locally.
Conservation.
Though heavily hunted in some regions, the undulated tinamou remains common in most parts of its range. The IUCN classifies it as Least Concern, and its range of occurrence has been estimated to .

</doc>
<doc id="9707641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707641" title="Flag of Puntland">
Flag of Puntland

The flag of Puntland is the state flag of Puntland, an autonomous region in northeastern Somalia.
History.
Puntland initially used a variation of the flag of Somalia as its provincial flag. On 22 December 2009, the regional parliament introduced a new state flag. The design was decided on by a commission consisting of government officials and local intellectuals.
Colors.
The Puntland flag consists of three colors: white, blue and green.

</doc>
<doc id="9707649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707649" title="Geraldine Warrick-Crisman">
Geraldine Warrick-Crisman

Geraldine Warrick-Crisman (May 22, 1930, Gary, Indiana – February 12, 2007, Scottsdale, Arizona) began her broadcasting career in the standards department of NBC's affiliate in Chicago.
She became one of the first African-American executives at NBC Television in New York City, holding various positions over two decades. She was the first black president of American Women in Radio and Television. In 1981, she left NBC to become president and general manager of WNJR Radio in Union Township, Union County, New Jersey. New Jersey Gov. Thomas Kean soon appointed her assistant state treasurer.
In the 1990s, Warrick-Crisman moved to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, where she worked in public affairs and survived the 1993 World Trade Center explosion, which killed six people.
She retired to Scottsdale with her husband, Bruce Crisman, in 1997, and became a member of Tanner African Methodist Episcopal Church in Phoenix. She also served on the board of the New School for the Arts in Tempe.
Warrick-Crisman died on February 12, 2007, aged 76, following a 10 year battle with breast cancer, survived by two sisters, a daughter, a son and a stepdaughter. Her husband died in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9707736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707736" title="All Saints discography">
All Saints discography

The discography of the British pop group All Saints, consists of three studio albums, two compilation albums, one remix album, one live album, one video album and ten singles between London Records and Parlophone Records.
All Saints released their debut single "I Know Where It's At" in 1997 via London Records and reached number four on the UK Singles Chart. Their second single "Never Ever" was released in November 1997, and introduced the group to international success, reaching the top ten in several countries as well as peaking at number-one in the United Kingdom and Australia. It sold over 1.2 million copies in the UK and was eventually certified double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry. In 1998 the group won two BRIT Awards for Best British Single and Best British Video, both for "Never Ever". The group released their self-titled debut album "All Saints" in November 1997. It reached number two in the UK and was certified five times platinum by the BPI for sales of 1.5 million. The third single from the album was the double A-side "Under the Bridge"/"Lady Marmalade", which became their second UK number-one single in May 1998, earning a gold certification for 400,000 copies sold. The same month, the album was re-released with a slightly different track listing. "Bootie Call", the fourth single, also went to number-one, and the silver-certified "War of Nerves" (the fifth and final release) peaked at number seven, selling 200,000 copies. The album achieved success in countries such as Australia (double platinum, selling 140,000 copies), Canada (triple platinum, 300,000 copies), and the United States, where "All Saints" was certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of one million and produced two top 40 singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100: "I Know Where It's At" and "Never Ever".
All Saints returned in February 2000 with the single "Pure Shores", written by Shaznay Lewis and William Orbit for the soundtrack of the film "The Beach" (starring Leonardo DiCaprio). "Pure Shores" was their fourth number-one single in the UK and the second best-selling single of 2000, with 600,000 copies sold; it also became their first and only number-one single in Ireland and was a substantial hit across Europe and Australia. The song won an Ivor Novello Award for Most Performed Work. All Saints performed the song at the 2000 MTV Europe Music Awards. In October 2000, All Saints released the single "Black Coffee", which became their fifth and final number-one single in the UK, selling 200,000 copies. This preceded their second studio album, "Saints & Sinners", which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, eventually reaching double platinum certification in the UK for sales of 600,000 copies. The second and final single was "All Hooked Up" in January 2001, which peaked at number seven. In February 2001, All Saints announced that they were to take a break so that they "could clear the air" between themselves. Melanie Blatt said later that year that it was uncertain if they would reform, citing their difficulties with the financial and business aspects of the group. Shaznay Lewis later explained that the catalyst for the break-up was a disagreement over who would wear a certain jacket for a photoshoot: "I would never in a million years have put money on the group ending over a jacket incident. But when that incident happened, it fired up so strong, it had to be over. And the way I was then, the state we'd got into then, there was no way she was getting that stupid jacket." In November 2001, London Records released a greatest hits compilation entitled "All Hits".
On 24 January 2006, it was announced that the band had reformed and signed a record deal with Parlophone. They subsequently began work on their third studio album, "Studio 1". The first single, "Rock Steady" (released in November 2006), reached number three on the UK Singles Chart. "Studio 1" entered the albums chart at number forty, falling significantly short of the success of "Rock Steady" and the group's previous releases; it has since sold 100,000 copies according to the BPI, being certified gold. A second single, "Chick Fit", followed in February 2007, but promotional appearances and a physical release were cancelled and it failed to reach the top 200. It was subsequently reported that All Saints and Parlophone had parted ways and the group cancelled their planned UK tour. Melanie Blatt has confirmed the group will never reform several times.

</doc>
<doc id="9707774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707774" title="Sir John Byron, Jr.">
Sir John Byron, Jr.

Sir John Byron Junior (ca. 1526 – 1600) was an Elizabethan English landowner and knight. He was also known as "Little Sir John with the Great Beard".
He was the son of Sir John Byron, Sr. and lived at Clayton Hall, Manchester, and later Royton, both then in Lancashire and later still at Newstead Abbey in Nottinghamshire, which he inherited in 1576. 
He was High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1572 and High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire in 1596. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth I of England in 1579. 
He married Alice Strelley and had 4 sons and 3 daughters. His eldest son was Anthony who died before him in 1587 and thus he was succeeded by John, who was later created a Baron Byron. One of his daughters was married to Sir Thomas Hutchinson of Owthorpe, Nottinghamshire. Their daughter Margaret Hutchinson is an ancestor of Andrew Jackson

</doc>
<doc id="9707825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707825" title="List of In Living Color sketches">
List of In Living Color sketches

Popular recurring sketches.
G.
This sketch has since been replicated on Chappelle's Show.

</doc>
<doc id="9707828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707828" title="Spanish poker">
Spanish poker

Spanish Poker, also known as "synthetic poker", is a variation of Texas Hold 'em and is similar to Omaha Hold 'em.
Gameplay.
As in Omaha Hold 'em, the player must use both of the cards in his hand in combination with the three cards on the board. The game is played with 28 cards: eight through ace, in all four suits. The ace can be played as a low card, as though it were a seven, or as a high card. The game uses an ante, and is usually played with a no limit structure.
All players are dealt 2 cards pre-flop and are then allowed to bet. After the flop there is another round of betting. Then one card is flipped (the turn) and there's a third round of betting before the flipping of the last card (the river) and the final round of betting. After betting is done, all players show their cards and whoever has the best hand wins the pot. In some cases the pot has to be split. The poker hand ratings are the same as Texas Hold 'em except that a flush beats a full house.

</doc>
<doc id="9707853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707853" title="Thermite (comics)">
Thermite (comics)

Thermite is the name of two fictional characters owned by Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
The first Thermite first appeared in "Squadron Supreme" #10 (June 1986), and was created Mark Gruenwald and Paul Ryan. The character subsequently appears in "Squadron Supreme" #11-12 (July-August 1986). Thermite appeared as part of the "Squadron Supreme" entry in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition" #12.
Fictional character biography.
Earth-712 Thermite.
Thermite was recruited by Nighthawk into his Redeemers to oppose his former group, the Squadron Supreme. Along with four other members of the Redeemers (Redstone, Moonglow, Inertia, and Haywire), Thermite infiltrated the Squadron and served for about a month before the Redeemers openly opposed the Squadron. He was killed when his regulator pack was damaged in a collision with the Whizzer.
Earth-616 Thermite.
The origin of this Thermite has not been revealed before joining the New Enforcers.
When Blood Rose tracked the New Enforcers to their headquarters, Thermite assisted his teammates into attacking Black Rose where he uses his powers to disarm Blood Rose. Spider-Man arrived in his new armor and defeated the New Enforcers members until Thermite was the only one left standing. Thermite managed to destroy Spider-Man's armor, but Spider-Man managed to knock him out with one punch. Thermite and the other members of the New Enforcers were arrested by the police.
Powers and abilities.
The Squadron Supreme Thermite could project intense heat from the left side of his body, and intense cold from the right. He needed a regulator pack to control his body temperature at the interface between his two sides of his body.
The Earth-616 version has the same powers.

</doc>
<doc id="9707862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707862" title="Centro Universitario de Estudios Cinematográficos">
Centro Universitario de Estudios Cinematográficos

Centro Universitario de Estudios Cinematográficos (CUEC) was founded in 1963 as part of the National Autonomous University of Mexico. It was influenced by the "Nouvelle Vague" and by the First Contest of Experimental Film organized in Mexico that year.
In 42 years, CUEC has had as students several of the main Mexican filmmakers.
CUEC produces almost 100 short films a year, many showing at international festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="9707894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707894" title="Fabrice Fiorèse">
Fabrice Fiorèse

Fabrice Fiorèse (born July 26, 1975 in Chambéry, Savoie) is a retired French footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="9707905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707905" title="James Foster (architect)">
James Foster (architect)

James Foster (c.1748 - 1823) was an English mason and architect in Bristol.
He was initially a pupil and apprentice of Thomas Paty, working both as a stonemason and an architect but from about 1800 his practice became entirely architectural. He was later joined by his son James (d.1836), another son Thomas, a partner William Ignatius Okely and grandson John.

</doc>
<doc id="9707909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707909" title="Paul Sheehan">
Paul Sheehan

Paul Sheehan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9707934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707934" title="Tellabs, Inc. v. Makor Issues &amp; Rights, Ltd.">
Tellabs, Inc. v. Makor Issues &amp; Rights, Ltd.

Tellabs Inc. v. Makor Issues & Rights, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court ruled on the interpretation of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995's requirement of scienter in a civil action in apply to Tellabs and Makor Issues & Rights. The various federal circuits have taken different approaches to defining what it means, under the PSLRA, for a plaintiff to sufficiently plead a "strong inference" of scienter (a mental state embracing intent to deceive, manipulate, or defraud).
The Court ruled a reasonable inference of scienter from assumed-true facts was insufficient and inconsistent with Congressional intent. Writing for the Court, Justice Ginsburg wrote that "to qualify as “strong” within the intendment of § 21D(b)(2), we hold, an inference of scienter must be more than merely plausible or reasonable - it must be cogent and at least as compelling as any opposing inference of nonfraudulent intent...the inference of scienter must be more than merely “reasonable” or “permissible”-it must be cogent and compelling, thus strong in light of other explanations. A complaint will survive, we hold, only if a reasonable person would deem the inference of scienter cogent and at least as compelling as any opposing inference one could draw from the facts alleged."
Tellabs increased the hurdle civil litigants must traverse in order to recover damages for securities fraud because it made it more difficult to demonstrate scienter (a necessary element of the claim). Instead of being able to reasonably deduce scienter from the alleged facts of the case, a claimant must also demonstrate that fraud is at least as likely as other, more-innocent explanations.

</doc>
<doc id="9707944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9707944" title="List of In Living Color cast members">
List of In Living Color cast members

Cast members came and went during the run of "In Living Color". Some earlier cast members continued to appear in later seasons so later casts also include some previous years' cast members.
Third season (1991–1992).
Starring
Featuring
Fourth season (1992–1993).
Starring
Featuring
Fifth season (1993–1994).
Jim Carrey, Tommy Davidson, David Alan Grier and T'Keyah Crystal Keymáh are the only cast members to stay for all five seasons.
Guest stars.
Despite popular belief, Chris Rock was never an official cast member on "In Living Color". Rock appeared (as a "special guest star") in a number of skits in the fifth season, and reprised his "Cheap Pete" character from "I'm Gonna Git You Sucka". In the early years of "In Living Color", Rock was parodied as being the only African American cast member on "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL" also had Tim Meadows). In an SNL episode honoring Mother's Day, Rock's mother states that she is disappointed in him for not trying out for "In Living Color", to which Rock states he is happy with his job on "SNL".
Other recurring guest stars in the fifth season include Nick Bakay (for "The Dirty Dozens" sketches) and Peter Marshall (ringmaster for several loopy editions of "Hollywood Squares"). Rapper Biz Markie also appeared in various roles as a guest star in the fifth season, such as being (not too much) in drag as Wanda the Ugly Woman's sister or as "Dirty Dozens" contestant Damian "Foosball" Franklin.
Fly Girls (house dance troupe).
The Fly Girls troupe had many members over "In Living Color"'s five-season run. The original lineup consisted of Cari French, Carrie Ann Inaba, Deidre Lang, Lisa Marie Todd, and Michelle Whitney-Morrison. Rosie Perez was the choreographer for the first four seasons.
Sometimes the Fly Girls could be used as extras in sketches, or be part of an opening gag. In one sketch, they were shown performing open-heart surgery (in the sketch, the girls are dancing in order to pay their way through medical school).
In the fifth season Arthur Rainer became the main choreographer with Lisa Joann Thompson and Deidre Lang as assistant choreographers. 

</doc>
<doc id="9708010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708010" title="Peter de Ramsay">
Peter de Ramsay

Peter de Ramsay [Ramsey] (died 1256) was a 13th-century cleric based in Scotland. His background and origins are obscure. He was the son of a "cleric in minor orders" and an unmarried girl and, according to John of Fordun, he was of "noble birth". He was probably the son of Ness de Ramsey, a baron of Fife. 
The first notice of him comes in 1247 when, as a mere deacon, he is elected to succeed Radulf de Lamley as Bishop of Aberdeen. The chapter of Aberdeen wrote to the Pope requesting papal dispensation for Ramsay's illegitimacy as well as permission for the consecration to take place in Scotland. Upon receiving news of Ramsay's consecration, Pope Innocent IV wrote to David de Bernham, Bishop of St Andrews, Clement, Bishop of Dunblane, and Albin, Bishop of Brechin, delegating the matter to them and instructing these bishops to make their own judgment on the matter, after which, they were to receive Ramsay's oath in his name. 
The result of this is shown by Ramsay's successful accession to the bishopric. During his episcopate he became one of the royal councillors appointed by Henry III of England in 1255 for the minority of King Alexander III of Scotland. He sanctioned Alan Durward's endowment of a chaplaincy of "Logydurnach" (Logie-durno) in 1251, and was alleged have sanctioned a constitution for his diocese. He died in late 1256.

</doc>
<doc id="9708022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708022" title="Guillaume Moullec">
Guillaume Moullec

Guillaume Moullec (born March 7, 1980 in Brest) is a French footballer. He last played for Clermont Foot Auvergne 63.

</doc>
<doc id="9708028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708028" title="Peter Ramsey">
Peter Ramsey

Peter Ramsey is an American film director, illustrator and storyboard artist, whose directorial debut was "Rise of the Guardians" in 2012.
Early life.
Ramsey grew up in the Crenshaw District of South LA, and graduated at 17 from Pali High. He studied painting at UCLA for two years before enrolling in film classes at Los Angeles City College.
Career.
His first job in Hollywood was painting a mural, but soon he was working as a storyboard artist and production illustrator on 26 films including "Predator 2", "Backdraft", "Independence Day", "Fight Club" and "A.I. Artificial Intelligence". He was a second unit director for "Poetic Justice", "Higher Learning", "Tank Girl" and "Godzilla". Aron Warner, the producer of "Tank Girl", suggested he join DreamWorks Animation. After initially being uninterested, Ramsey joined DreamWorks Animation as a story artist for "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek the Halls".
He was chosen to direct "Rise of the Guardians", based on William Joyce's "The Guardians of Childhood" books, making him the first African-American to direct a big budget animated feature.

</doc>
<doc id="9708049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708049" title="Antonio Devoto">
Antonio Devoto

Don Antonio Devoto (born in Lavagna, Italy in 1832; died in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1916) was the owner of most of the lands in the current "barrio" of Buenos Aires called Villa Devoto. Don Devoto was a member of the elite of Buenos Aires. In respect of his help to Italy during World War I he was given the title of count by the king.
Don Devoto built what was the largest mansion at the time and it became known as Devoto Palace—Prince Umberto Saboya stayed there during a visit to Buenos Aires. The mansion was built on National Avenue and occupied around 10,238 square metres. The mansion was decorated in bronze, silver and gold with iron work forged in Italy, and Florentine mosaics. 
Don Devoto died in 1916 before the work on the mansion was complete and since he did not leave any descendants, and no one could be found to buy the eccentric house, so in 1938 it was divided into building lots on which houses were later constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="9708094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708094" title="Pale-browed tinamou">
Pale-browed tinamou

The pale-browed tinamou ("Crypturellus transfasciatus") is a type of tinamou found in tropical dry forests in Peru and Ecuador.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Taxonomy.
This is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Description.
The pale-browed tinamou is approximately in length. It is recognized by its greyish-brown upper coat which is finely vermiculated with black, and a white throat, with the remainder of its underparts greyish to buffy. Its flanks are barred, and it has a very brown crown, and a prominent white supercilium. Its legs are pink.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the pale-browed tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes, and small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 5 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
The pale-browed tinamou is found in subtropical and tropical arid forests up to altitude. This species is native to western Ecuador; southern Manabí, Guayas, coastal and extreme western El Oro, and extreme northwestern Loja, and northwestern Peru; Tumbes and western (except coastal) Piura.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies the pale-browed tinamou as Near Threatened,as their numbers are decreasing. It is currently threatened by widespread deforestation and habitat degradation caused by livestock overgrazing, and also logging. This species is also threatened by people hunting it for food. It also is suffering losses due to farming, however this is the least of the threats. The occurrence range of this species is .

</doc>
<doc id="9708111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708111" title="Hernando Arias de Saavedra">
Hernando Arias de Saavedra

Hernando Arias de Saavedra (September 10, 1561 – 1634), commonly known as Hernandarias, was a soldier and politician of criollo ancestry. He was the first person born in the Americas to become a governor of a European colony in the New World, serving three terms as governor of Rio de la Plata province, 1597-1599, 1602–1609, and 1615-1617.
Early life.
Hernandarias was born in Asunción, Paraguay as the second son of María de Sanabria and Martín Suárez, an officer under Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca. He had a sister, Juana de Saavedra, who later married Juan de Garay, the father of Jerónima de Contreras. His maternal grandparents were Diego de Sanabria and Mencia Calderón de Sanabria, who were wealthy from their holdings in Paraguay. 
He entered the military at an early age. He participated in the exploration and conquest of the territory of what is now Paraguay and Argentina. His talents as an officer and administrator led to his being named lieutenant-governor of Asunción in 1592 by Juan Ramírez Velasco. He served three terms. While claiming most officials from Spain or Peru were lazy or corrupt, the new governor Diego Rodríguez Valdés Vanda y Lugarteniente wrote about Hernandarias:
In the same period, Hernandarias' half-brother, Hernando de Trejo, was named bishop of the Roman Catholic see of Asunción.
Governor of Buenos Aires.
In 1596 Hernandarias was elected as Lieutenant-Governor of the Rio de la Plata province, including Buenos Aires. In 1597, upon the death of governor Valdés Vanda, King Phillip II ordered captain Francisco de Barraza to name a new governor of the province of Rio de la Plata. Hernandarias was elected unanimously by the "caudillo" in Asunción as the governor of Rio de la Plata province, including Buenos Aires. 
Hernandarias would go on to serve three terms as governor: 1597-1599, 1602–1609, and 1615-1617. As governor, he enacted a number of policies to stimulate the growth of what was at that time a small port town. These included the creation of the first primary schools, kilns for creating bricks and tiles to replace adobe as a construction material, and the rebuilding of a fortress to protect the city from pirates. Following the capture of two anchored ships by English privateers on March 18, 1607, he ordered the construction of a larger fort at the mouth of the Matanza River, in what is now the neighborhood of Vuelta de Rocha. He also enacted measures against smuggling caused by prohibitions on import, export and the African slave trade. During his term as governor of Buenos Aires, Hernandarias started several expeditions, including ones to Uruguay and Brazil to rein in the Portuguese "bandeirantes", explore the Patagonia, survey the navigability of rivers and to find the mythical "City of the Caesars". Eventually in 1604, he was captured by the native Mapuche around 1,000 km south of Buenos Aires. He escaped and survived. 
In 1603, Hernandarias changed the rules on Amerindian workers, ending the "mita" and "encomienda" labor systems. The Spanish had essentially depended on native labor in exchange for nominally converting them to Christianity. He gained approval for this reform from King Phillip III. In 1608 he arranged the creation of the Jesuit and Franciscan reductions in the region of Guayrá (modern Paraguay). While it relocated many natives, compared to the previous system, it protected them from the ranchers and the encomienda. In 1611, visiting judge Francisco de Alfaro ordered the emancipation of all natives working on encomiendas who had been converted by the Jesuits. His proclamation is known as the "Ordenanzas de Alfaro".
As Governor of Río de la Plata, Hernandarias at the beginning of the 17th century opposed the burgeoning mate industry. He thought it was an unhealthy bad habit, and that too much of the Indian workforce was consumed the drink. He ordered an end to the production in the Governorate of the Río de la Plata, while seeking approval from the Crown. It rejected his ban, as did the people involved in production, who never complied with the order.
Cathedral of Buenos Aires.
Hernandarias was directly involved in the relocation of the church in Buenos Aires in 1603. In 1616 craftsmen determined that the church's roof was deteriorating, and, in the course of repairs, the church collapsed. 1618 Hernandarias led the effort to construct the Cathedral of Buenos Aires. Working with carpenter Pascual Ramírez, Hernandarias secured a supply of lumber from Paraguay as well as labor from Spanish colonists and converted natives. On the construction of the Cathedral, Hernandarias wrote in a letter about the construction of the Cathedral: 
Official decrees.
On September 7, 1614 Hernandarias was named governor of Buenos Aires for his third and final term. He assumed the post on May 29, 1615. He introduced an initiative to split the Río de la Plata district in two: the Province of Buenos Aires, and the Province of Paraguay, including the settlements of Asunción, Santiago de Jerez, Villa Rica and Ciudad Real. Though ordered in 1617, the partition needed the approval of the king, which was granted in 1618. The change was not carried out until 1620. After the expiry of his term in 1617, Hernandarias was succeeded as governor by Diego de Góngora.
Marriage and family.
In his personal life, he was married to Jerónima de Contreras with whom he had three daughters: Gerónima, Isabel and María Hernandarias retired with his wife to Santa Fe, Argentina, where he died in 1634 at the age of 72.
His remains and those of his wife were interred at the convent of San Francisco, in Santa Fe.

</doc>
<doc id="9708165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708165" title="Collar stays">
Collar stays

Collar stays (sometimes known as collar sticks, bones, knuckles, tabs, in the UK, collar stiffeners, and in Eastern Canada collar stiffs) are shirt accessories.
Collar stays are smooth, rigid strips of metal (such as brass, stainless steel, or sterling silver), horn, baleen, mother of pearl, or plastic, rounded at one end and pointed at the other, inserted into specially made pockets on the underside of a shirt collar to stabilize the collar's points. The stays ensure that the collar lies flat against the collarbone, looking crisp and remaining in the correct place. Often shirts come with plastic stays which may eventually need to be replaced if they bend; metal replacements do not have this problem.
Collar stays can be found in haberdashers, fabric- and sewing-supply stores and men's clothing stores. They are manufactured in multiple lengths to fit varying collar designs, or may be designed with a means to adjust the length of the collar stay.
Collar stays are removed from shirts before dry cleaning or pressing, as they could damage the shirt in the process, and then replaced prior to wearing. Shirts that are press ironed with the collar stays are vulnerable to damage, as this results in a telltale impression of the collar stay in the fabric of the collar. Some shirts have stays which are sewn into the collar and are not removable.

</doc>
<doc id="9708185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708185" title="John B. McClelland">
John B. McClelland

John B. McClelland (1734–1782) was an officer in the American Revolutionary War. He was captured by American Indians during the Crawford Expedition and tortured to death at the Shawnee town of Wakatomika, which is currently located in Logan County, Ohio, about halfway between West Liberty, Ohio and Zanesfield, Ohio.
McClelland was born in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, and after moving to Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania and taking up a tract of land in Franklin Township, lived in that part which fell within Fayette County, Pennsylvania on its organization in 1783. He married Martha Dale on November 12, 1759, and was either the founder or co-founder of McClellandtown, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.
In 1776, McClelland's Fort, an early army outpost, was built on a cliff near Royal Spring Park, Georgetown, Kentucky. The fort was abandoned in 1777, however, after Indian attacks increased in frequency and severity. John B. McClelland may have been involved in surveying the land, or possibly building a nearby log cabin. Though, it's more likely that a cousin, by the name of John McClelland (1745–1776), was actually responsible. A monument to Scott County's fallen soldiers of the Revolution now marks the location.
John B. McClelland was a member of the commission for the Pennsylvania Constitution of 1776, and later represented Westmoreland County in the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The Convention met in Philadelphia, July 15, 1776, to form a constitution and frame a government for the state of Pennsylvania. A committee of prominent citizens met at Carpenter's Hall, Philadelphia, on June 15, 1776, in order to make arrangements for a convention anticipating the separation of the colonies from Great Britain. Attendants were asked by the committee ""to choose such persons only to act for them in the ensuing convention as are distinguished for wisdom, integrity, and a firm attachment to the liberties of this province"." In pursuance of this recommendation, delegates were chosen July 5, 1776, and the eight delegates to the convention elected for Westmoreland County were John Moore, Edward Cook, James Perry, James Barr, James Smith, John Carmichael, John McClelland, and Christopher Lobingier. 
At the outset of the Revolutionary War, McClelland was appointed to a citizen’s committee to procure arms and ammunition for the defense of the struggling new nation. He enlisted in the Fourth Pennsylvania Battalion, on January 28, 1776, which worked in conjunction with the Continental Army during the war. McClelland later became a Captain in the First Battalion of Westmoreland Militia, a unit which was prominent in the Siege of Yorktown. To clarify, it was actually his son, John McClelland (1766–1849), who helped illustrate the unfair nature of the taxes imposed during the Whiskey Insurrection.
Officers of the Westmoreland Militia met on June 18, 1781, at the home of Captain John McClelland, on Big Sewickley Creek, and by a majority, voted to give aid to General George Rogers Clark. It was resolved to furnish 300 men out of the County Militia to join General Clark's army against the Ohio savages, for the immediate benefit of the Westmoreland frontier; despite the fact that Clark's real intention was to conquer the British post at Detroit. Although George Washington agreed to transfer a small group of regulars to assist Clark, the detachment was defeated in August 1781 before they could meet up with Clark, effectively putting an end to the campaign.
By 1782, the Indians of the frontier allied themselves with the British and started attacking settlers. McClelland was commissioned a Major, and made third in command of an expedition, led by Colonel William Crawford, intended to put an end to Indian attacks on American settlers in that region. In fact, John McClelland was one of four majors elected for the Crawford Expedition. The other Majors included David Williamson (Pennsylvania) of Washington County, Pennsylvania, Thomas Gaddis of Westmoreland (now Fayette), and James Brenton also of Westmoreland County (now part of Washington County, Pennsylvania). By that time, McClelland was certainly no novice in military affairs, having been a Lieutenant-Colonel of the Fourth Battalion of Militia of Westmoreland County, to which he was elected on January 3, 1778. He was a brave and efficient officer, and much respected as a citizen. His election as one of the general officers of the expedition, at Mingo Bottom (present Mingo Junction, Ohio), was evidence of the confidence reposed in him by the volunteers, with many of whom he was personally acquainted.
Upon learning that a British detachment from Detroit was about to join forces with the Wyandot Indian forces, and that a large band of Shawnee warriors had also appeared to the south, Colonel Crawford commenced a retreat, with Major John McClelland leading the way. However, the volunteer army was soon attacked by the Shawnee and Delaware Indians, and suffered severely. McClelland was wounded and fell from his horse. Calling to John Orr, who was near, he told him to take his horse (Orr was on foot) and clear himself, which he did. Orr afterward related that he heard several of the men who were in the conflict say that the horsemen on the retreat rode over McClelland; and it was the general belief that he was killed where he fell. Such, however, was not the case. The remainder of the division became disorganized and panic-stricken and disregarding McClelland's orders to follow the advance in a solid column, did not follow the prescribed route, becoming entangled in the wetlands.
John Slover, one of the guides on the Crawford Expedition, saw McClelland's body at Wapatomica. The Indians had painted his body black, cut him with their tomahawks, and burnt holes with loads of gunpowder into it. His body was cruelly mangled; the blood mixed with gunpowder and was rendered black. McClelland's body, along with the body of William Harrison, Colonel Crawford's son-in-law and the body of young William Crawford, the Colonel's nephew, was dragged approximately two hundred yards outside of the town. The corpses were given to the dogs, except their limbs and heads, which were mounted on poles.
Young William Crawford, William Harrison, and Major John McClelland all lost their lives at the hands of the Delaware and Shawnee Indians. Colonel Crawford was brutally tortured and burnt at the stake. According to Fitzpatrick, the Shawnee Indians were led by Chief Blacksnake.
A government-issued marker honoring Lt. Col. John B. McClelland has been installed where his wife, Martha Dale McClelland (1741–1822); son, John B McClelland (1766–1849); and daughter-in-law, Rachel Orr McClelland (1770–1843); are buried, at Tent Presbyterian Church Cemetery (275 Tent Church Road, Uniontown, PA 15401).

</doc>
<doc id="9708213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708213" title="Sōya Main Line">
Sōya Main Line

The is a Japanese railway line operated by Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) in Hokkaido. The line connects Asahikawa Station in Asahikawa and Wakkanai Station in Wakkanai, and is the northernmost railway line in Japan. The name comes from Sōya Subprefecture.
Services.
Two "Super Sōya" limited express services each way operate between and daily, and one "Sarobetsu" service each way also operates between Sapporo and Wakkanai daily. The latter service does not include Green car (first class) accommodation.
All-stations "Local" train services operate between and , at approximately 1 to 2 hour intervals. All-stations "Local" train services operate between Nayoro and Wakkanai, at approximately 3 to 4 hour intervals. Four "Nayoro" Rapid services operate in each direction daily. 
History.
The line was originally built as part of a link between mainland Japan and the then Japanese northern frontier of Karafuto (southern half of Sakhalin Island). From Wakkanai Port, a ferry to then Ōdomari (present Korsakov) operated until the end of World War II.
The first segment of the line from Asahigawa (present Asahikawa) to Nagayama was built by the Hokkaido Government Railway in 1898. The line was extended to Nayoro in 1903, and to Wakkanai in 1922 along the route of the later via Hamatombetsu. The present route via was opened as part of the .
After Japan's defeat in the war, the line lost its function as a link to Sakhalin, but remained important as a trunk line into the northern part of Hokkaido. The Sōya Main Line gradually lost all of its branch lines, and presently constitutes a long branch from the Hakodate Main Line.
Former connecting lines.
A 762mm (2'6") gauge line was constructed between 1920-25 from Shibetsu along the Teshio River valley to transport forestry products, extending 21.4 km to 'Upper' Shibetsu, where it connected to the Shibetsu Forest Railway. Initially horse drawn, a steam locomotive was introduced in 1928. The line closed in 1959.
A 138km line known as the Nayoro Main Line was built from Nayoro to Engaru on the Sekihoku Main Line between 1915-1921, operating until 1989. There were four lines connecting to the Nayoro Main line:
Nayoro was also the junction for the Shinmei line to Fukagawa on the Hakodate Main Line, which reached the Soya line in 1941, closing in 1995. A 51.2km line was proposed from Shumarinai on that line to Chikubetsu on the Hoboro line (see below) with construction commencing in 1959. A substantial steel truss bridge was constructed before work was abandoned in 1962.
A 21km 762mm gauge line was built from Bifuka to Niupu in 1935. In 1960 it was decided to replace the line with a 1067mm gauge line and extend it 58km to Kitami Esashi, the terminus of a line from Hamatonbetsu on the Tempoku line (see below). The 762mm gauge line closed in 1963 and the 1067mm line opened in 1964. Substantial construction of the line to Kitami Esashi continued until abandoned in 1979, after 13.3 Billion Yen had been expended. The Bifuka - Niupu section closed in 1985.
The Tempoku line was constructed north from Otoineppu commencing in 1914, reaching Minami-Wakkanai in 1922. It closed in 1989. The Hamatonbetsu - Kitami Esashi branch line operated 1936-85. The Utanobori Municipal Tramway was a network of 762mm gauge lines, with a 16.2 km line from Shotonbetsu to Kitami Esashi and 2 branch lines, each 10km long. It operated 1929-70, being horse drawn until 1933.
The Nisso Coal Co. operated an 18km line from Toyotomi - Sanko from 1940/45 until the mine closed in 1972.
The Horonobe Municipal Tramway was a 16km 762mm gauge line from Toikanbetsu to Kamitoikan, which operated 1930-71. It was extended 4km to a coal mine in 1941, at which time a steam locomotive was introduced. The coal mine and extension closed in 1958.
The initial northern section of the Hoboro line from Horonobe opened in 1935. The initial southern section from Rumoi opened in 1927, and the sections were linked in 1958. The line closed in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9708294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708294" title="Lower Columbia College">
Lower Columbia College

Lower Columbia College (LCC) is a public, two-year institution of higher education located in Longview, Washington. The college offers degrees in vocational and technical education as well as worker retraining. It also offers university transfer programs. It is a member of the Washington Community and Technical Colleges system created by the Community College Act of 1967.
History.
Lower Columbia College was established in 1934 as Lower Columbia Junior College. Students registered for classes at Korten’s Music Store in Longview, Dahlman Hardware in Castle Rock, and the Orr Furniture Store in Kelso. Classes were held at R.A. Long High School. The first class to graduate with an Associate degree was in 1936; the class consisted of seven students.
The second class, with ninety-six students, graduated in 1937. As the number of students increased, instruction expanded into the Myklebust building in downtown Longview and the Moose Hall. The Moose Hall continued to house classes until 1949, when damage from an earthquake caused the building to be condemned. Classes were also held on the first floor of the Longview Public Library.
Enrollment was 149 students in 1939, 200 students in 1950, and 300 students in 1954. The student population consisted of both male and female students. In 1948, the college received its first accreditation from the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities.
In 1942, twenty-six acres were purchased from the Longview Company to build a campus. In 1950, construction began on Old Main, LCC’s first permanent building. The original building had thirteen classrooms and cost a quarter of a million dollars. The Lower Columbia College League, an association of friends of the college, used fundraising to pay for the construction.
Lower Columbia Junior College became part of the Longview School District and changed from a junior college to a community college in 1961. LCC joined the state-supported community college system in 1967. Today, the college includes twenty-seven buildings on .
Current president.
Christopher Bailey was appointed President of LCC on September 1, 2011. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Western Washington University and a Juris Doctorate from the University of Washington School of Law. Bailey was a former Vice President of Human Resources and Legal Affairs at Centralia College. 
He had taught business and law courses at Centralia since 1989. Before joining the college full-time, he was president and general manager for Martin Sand and Gravel Company in south Thurston County and also worked previously as an attorney.
Trustees.
Michael Heuer, Chair – Appointed March 2003. He is the Training and Safety Lead for Weyerhaeuser, the President of Woodworkers in Longview, and is a Kelso resident.
Steve Vincent, Vice-Chair – Appointed September 2011. He is a co-founder and director of Columbia Analytical Services in Kelso and resides in Longview.
Heidi Heywood – Appointed October 2008. She is a private-practice attorney, a part-time Superior Court commission and District Court Judge Pro Tem in Wahkiakum County, and resides in Wahkiakum County.
Max Anderson – Appointed June 2006. He is a registered investment advisor and resides in Longview.
Thuy Vo – Appointed December 2004. He is the owner of VO Printers in Longview and is also a Longview resident.
University partnerships.
Students can earn an associate degree and complete their first two years of a bachelor's degree at Lower Columbia College. LCC has partnered with several colleges and universities, including: 
Academics.
Lower Columbia College offers a selection of degree and certificate programs designed to prepare students for advanced studies or to move directly into the workforce. Working with baccalaureate institutions and industry partners, programs have been created to serve the community.
Examples of degrees at LCC:
Examples of Professional/Technical degrees and certificates at LCC:
Activities and events.
The Associated Students of Lower Columbia College (ASLCC), along with faculty and staff at the college, plans student events throughout the year. Students participate in events, activities, clubs and organizations on and off campus. Activities and event dates are posted on the Events Calendar and the Student Activities web page.
Athletics.
Lower Columbia College participates in the Northwest Athletic Association of Community Colleges (NWAACC). Prior to the formation of the NWAACC, LCC was one of the charter members of the original Washington State Junior College Athletic Conference.
LCC competes in six intercollegiate sports: two men's teams and four women's teams.
Men – NWAACC Champions 
Women – NWAACC Champions 
David Story Field, home of the Red Devils baseball team, is also home to the Cowlitz Black Bears of the West Coast League, a summer collegiate and professional prospect league.

</doc>
<doc id="9708375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708375" title="Skinny Dennis">
Skinny Dennis

Skinny Dennis Sanchez (September 3, 1946 – March 20, 1975) was a country musician in the Los Angeles area. He played the upright bass, most famously accompanying Nashville legend Guy Clark during Clark's stay in Los Angeles. His nickname is in reference to his having Marfan syndrome; Sanchez stood at 6'11", and weighed 135 lbs.
He is most famously mentioned in the Guy Clark song "L.A. Freeway" (recorded by Jerry Jeff Walker in 1972). Clark's lyrics went as follows:
"Here's to you ol' Skinny Dennis
The only one I think I will miss
I can hear your low bass singin'
Sweet and low like a gift you're bringin'"
Sanchez was also friends with many in Clark's circle, including Townes Van Zandt, Rodney Crowell, Steve Earle, Richard Dobson and others. A documentary featuring the aforementioned songwriters, "Heartworn Highways," is dedicated to Sanchez. Richard Dobson recorded Sanchez' song "Bus Stop Coffee" for his albums "In Texas Last December" and "One Bar Town".
Sanchez died at age 28 of heart failure on stage, playing the bass on Sunset Beach with John Penn.

</doc>
