<doc id="9895942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895942" title="Jean Duvignaud">
Jean Duvignaud

Jean Duvignaud (1921–2007) was a French novelist and sociologist. He was born in La Rochelle, Charente-Maritime on February 22, 1921.
Duvignaud was a secondary school teacher at Abbeville then at Étampes (1947–1956) where he taught Georges Perec. After submitting his doctoral thesis he taught at the University of Tours. In 1972 he founded the review "Cause commune" with Georges Perec and Paul Virilio. 
He died (aged 85) in La Rochelle on February 17, 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="9895974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895974" title="Hendursaga">
Hendursaga

Hendursaga is the god of law in Sumerian, Babylonian, and Akkadian mythology. He was titled by Gudea of Lagash “herald of the land of Sumer.”

</doc>
<doc id="9895982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9895982" title="List of lights">
List of lights

A list of lights is a publication describing lighthouses and other aids to maritime navigation. Most such lists are published by national hydrographic offices.
United States.
The United States National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency publishes a list of lights. The book is usually referred to as the "List of Lights", and should not be confused with the U.S. Coast Guard's "Light List".
The "List of Lights" is published in seven volumes, as Publication numbers 110 through 116. Each volume contains lights and other aids to navigation that are maintained by or under the authority of other governments.
Each volume corresponds to a defined geographic region, and contains more complete information about the navigational aids than can be conveniently shown on nautical charts. New editions are published annually for every volume.
In addition to information on lighted aids to navigation and sound signals in foreign waters, the NGA "List of Lights" provides information on storm signals, signal stations, racons, radiobeacons, and radio direction finder calibration stations located at or near lights. Publication number 117, Radio Navigational Aids, is the primary source for details on radio navigational aids.
The "List of Lights" does not include information on lighted buoys inside harbors. It does include certain aeronautical lights situated near the coast; however, these lights are not designed for marine navigation and are subject
to unreported changes.
Notices to mariners provided by other countries are the main source for correctional information source for the "Lists of Lights", however other sources, such as ship reports, are also used.
See also.
Similar publications are published by the U.S. Coast Guard for U.S. civilian and commercial use, and by the Canadian Coast Guard.
References.
Attribution

</doc>
<doc id="9896016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896016" title="James Lauder">
James Lauder

James Lauder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9896017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896017" title="Hartlepool's Maritime Experience">
Hartlepool's Maritime Experience

Hartlepool's Maritime Experience is a visitor attraction in Hartlepool, County Durham, in the northeast of England. The concept of the attraction is the thematic re-creation of an 18th century seaport, in the time of Lord Nelson, Napoleon and the Battle of Trafalgar. HMS "Trincomalee", a Royal Navy frigate and Britain's oldest warship afloat is at the centre of the quay. She was built in Bombay, India in 1817. The 190th anniversary of the ship's official launch was on Friday 12 October 2007.
Before April 2005 it was known as Hartlepool Historic Quay. It was built by Teesside Development Corporation as part of the economic regeneration of old industrial sites of Teesside, on the derelict docks that was formally used for industries such as ship building and the timber yards etc. 
It opened to the public July 1994. The attraction consists of Gift shop and reception, Marine Barracks and Guard Room, a number of period shops and houses, Fighting Ships, Pressganged, Sir William Gray Suite and Baltic Rooms, Skittle Square and children’s playship, Bistro and Quayside Coffee Shop, Children’s Maritime Adventure Centre, HMS Trincomalee, Wingfield Castle and the Museum of Hartlepool.
The PS "Wingfield Castle", preserved at the Museum of Hartlepool is a floating exhibit and cafe. There are hundreds of other exhibits in the museum charting the history of the town from prehistoric times right up to the present day. One of the most popular features is the description of the Hartlepool monkey legend. Others include a full size coble boat, a lighthouse, a genuine German shell from the Bombardment of Hartlepool and many ships' models and engine displays.
The site has seen some improvements in 2006/2007 including a renewed Fighting Ships which is an audio / visual tour of a warship. There is now a new character which is Jim Henshaw, a young powder monkey. 
New for 2008 include a HMS Trincomalee Exhibition, Viewing Balcony overlooking HMS Trincomalee, Upgrading and re-design of the Maritime Adventure Centre and the Restoration of P.S.S. Wingfield Castle.
Nearby is Hartlepool Marina and Navigation Point where there are many restaurants and bars. Hartlepool is the host port for the final leg of The Tall Ships' Races in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9896029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896029" title="Sambai">
Sambai

The sambai is a fertility dance performed during the full moon, and during weddings or birthdays. It is a solitary dance that can be performed by either gender.

</doc>
<doc id="9896053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896053" title="C.T.C.">
C.T.C.

C.T.C. (short for "Controlul Tehnic de Calitate", Romanian for "Technical quality control", and a stamp formerly present on many products in Romania) is a Romanian hip hop band, founded by VD, Deliric 1, L Doc and DJ Paul.
Although they were members of other different bands (Armada and E.L.I.T.A.), in 1999 they decided to start together a new project, compiling a demo that spread out quickly among hip-hop listeners and was well received by the established hip-hop community. As a result, the C.T.C. members became guest MC's for some collaborations on several LP's and compilations: "Plus infinite" ("Plus Infinity", with R.A.C.L.A.), "Visuri în întuneric" ("Dreams in the Dark", with K-Gula), "Născuţi pentru asta" ("Born for This", with Da Hood Justice) and others.
VD and DJ Paul created and launched "Facem Records", the label under which several mix-tapes were released, among others Raku's debut album ("În mediu vitreg", "Hostile Environment") and the C.T.C. & Cedry2k EP, "Secretul din atom" ("The Secret Inside the Atom").
In 2002 the "Reanimation 101" concert was organized by C.T.C., event which marked the resurrection of the underground Romanian hip hop.
In 2003 C.T.C. began collaborating with an independent label for the "Proiectul Verde" ("The Green Project") compilation; as a result, a single and a video were released.
After a collaboration for another compilation ("Afront", "Affront") with another independent label, C.T.C. was offered a contract by Roton Urban Label (R.U.L.).
In August 2005 the "Dificultăţi tehnice" LP saw daylight, supported by the video "Orice" ("Anything"), a single released in collaboration with Yolo from Zale and Nwanda.
At the present time, C.T.C. has over 100 collaborations with several artists (among them Zale, on "Chei verbale", Bitză, on "Sinuciderea unui înger", Cedry2k on his "Alchimia Veninului" album).

</doc>
<doc id="9896059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896059" title="Ilabrat">
Ilabrat

Ilabrat in Babylonian and Akkadian mythology is the attendant and minister of state of the chief sky god Anu.
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9896071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896071" title="42nd Street Ferry">
42nd Street Ferry

42nd Street Ferry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9896076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896076" title="Szczecin-Dąbie Airstrip">
Szczecin-Dąbie Airstrip

Szczecin-Dąbie Airstrip (German: Flughafen am Dammschen See) is a small airstrip on the Eastern bank of the Oder river in Dąbie, Szczecin, Poland. The original grass landing strip was built in 1921 as Stettin Airfield (at that time belonging to Germany) and was used for domestic flights of Deutsche Luft Hansa over the following years. After World War II, LOT began serving the airfield, which remained the only one in Szczecin until 23 May 1967, when Szczecin-Goleniów Airport was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="9896081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896081" title="Pearmain">
Pearmain

Pearmain is a generic name given to pear-shaped apple cultivars such as:

</doc>
<doc id="9896083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896083" title="1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom">
1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom

Women's Slalom World Cup 1981/1982
Final point standings.
In Women's Slalom World Cup 1981/82 the best 5 results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9896090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896090" title="Large-billed reed warbler">
Large-billed reed warbler

The Large-billed Reed Warbler ("Acrocephalus orinus") is an Old World warbler in the genus "Acrocephalus". The species has been dubbed as "the world's least known bird". It was known from a single specimen collected in India in 1867 and rediscovered in the wild in Thailand in 2006. The identity of the bird caught in Thailand was established by matching DNA sequences extracted from feathers; the bird was released. After the rediscovery in the wild a second specimen was discovered amid "Acrocephalus dumetorum" specimens in the collections of the Natural History Museum at Tring. A breeding area was found in Afghanistan in 2009 and studies in 2011 pointed to its breeding in Kazhakstan and Tajikistan. One bird was found in the Baikka Wetland in Srimangal, Bangladesh on 7 December 2011.
Description.
This species has the upper plumage and visible portions of wings and tail olive-brown while the underside is pale creamy with the underwing and axillaries paler.
The length is about with the tail being and the wing long. The tarsus is while the bill from gape is . The first primary measures while the second is intermediate in length between the ninth and tenth. The closed tail appears graduated with the difference between the longest and shortest feathers being . The type specimen was obtained in the Sutlej valley ("Sukedje valley") not far from Rampur.
The upper mandible is dark, but the cutting edges and entire lower mandible are pale. The tarsi, toes and claws appear pale brown. The hind claw is longer than in "dumetorum". The tips of the tail feathers are pointed and more acutely lanceolate than in "dumetorum" or "Acrocephalus concinens". The primary tips are broad and rather squarer. Recent observers note that it has a habit of fanning out its tail open as it forages.
The specimens from Afghanistan and Kazakhstan suggest that they breed in Central Asia and moult indicates that they migrate along the Himalayas to winter in northern India and Southeast Asia. Sequence variation points to a stable or shrinking population structure.
History.
It was first collected by Allan Octavian Hume in the Sutlej Valley near Rampur, Himachal Pradesh, India on 13 November 1867. This specimen (BMNH registration no. 1886.7.8. 1742) was first provisionally described as "Phyllopneuste macrorhyncha" (Hume, 1869) but the name was changed two years later to "Acrocephalus macrorhynchus" (Hume, 1871). H C Oberholser however pointed out in 1905 that this was unacceptable because a specimen from Egypt described by von Müller in 1853 as "Calamoherpe macrorhyncha" turned out to be "Acrocephalus stentoreus"; "Acrocephalus macrorhynchus" was abandoned in favour of "A. orinus". The identity of the species was in question and until 2002 was considered as a synonym of the Clamorous Reed Warbler ("Acrocephalus stentoreus"). Some others considered it an aberrant Blyth's Reed Warbler. A recent re-check of the morphology An additional ten new specimens in collections were identified in 2008. These included specimens collected by John Biddulph from Gilgit and W N Koelz from Zebak.
Rediscovery.
On 27 March 2006 a living specimen was caught at the Laem Phak Bia Environmental Research and Development Project in Phetchaburi, Thailand by ornithologist Philip Round of Mahidol University. The bird was ringed and two feathers were extracted; DNA from them was found to match the DNA of the 1867 specimen.
Based on the short and rounded wings, earlier studies had suggested that the species was likely to be a short-distant migrant or a resident. The rediscoveries of a second museum specimen from a different location and the wild specimen from Thailand suggest that this may not be so.
Some field identifications from West Bengal and central India were subsequently reported based on behaviour but captured specimens did not appear to match the species.
A breeding site of the Large-billed Reed Warbler "Acrocephalus orinus", was discovered in the Wakhan Corridor of the Pamir of north-eastern Afghanistan by Researcher Robert Timmins of the Wildlife Conservation Society who was studying aviary communities in the Pamir Mountains. He came across a small brown warbler and recorded its song. Dr. Timmins did not realize the importance of his discovery until he visited a Natural History Museum in Tring, England. There he examined a specimen of a large-billed reed warbler. It was the bird he had seen and recorded.
Ornithologists verified his discovery by capturing and releasing almost 20 specimens of the bird in 2009, the largest number ever recorded, using a combination of field observations, museum specimens, DNA sequencing, and also the first known audio recording of the species that were already made in 2008.
A study by Russian ornithologists in 2011 indicated that the species had been misidentified as "A. dumetorum" in museum collections and that the species may be breeding in Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, eastern Uzbekistan and south-eastern Kazakhstan.
Nests were found in 2011 in the Panj river valley, Tajikistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9896110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896110" title="Pine Ridge High School">
Pine Ridge High School

Pine Ridge High School is a high school located in Deltona, Florida. It was built in 1994 and is located at 926 Howland Blvd, near S.R. 415. Pine Ridge High School's team mascot is the Panther and its colors are teal, black, and gold.
Pine Ridge has a twin school Atlantic High School. Both schools were built on the same design but by different contractors. Both campuses have the iconic courtyard clock and different colors.
Academics and curriculum.
Similar to many schools in Volusia County, Pine Ridge High School has specialized academies that have been successful in helping students to graduate with unique skills. They include the Academy of International Business and World Languages, Agriscience Technology and Communications Academy, and Sports Science and Emergency Services Academy. The school has its own student supported early childhood/ preschool program called The Pee Wee Panthers. The school has an Air Force JROTC program.Pine Ridge offers AVID and Advanced Placement courses. The school, as of the 2013-2014 school year, offers three foreign languages including Italian, Russian, and Spanish. There are many courses available to support students with unique needs in the ESE and ESOL departments. Pine Ridge has a variety of programs available to students in the performing arts such as chorus, band, drama and dance. There are also fine arts as well as career and technology courses.
Extracurricular activities.
Pine Ridge has many activities and clubs in which students can participate. Some popular ones are the Anime Club, Astronomy, CLAW Club, Earth First, FCA, FFA, Guitar Club, Health Occupation Students of America, Key Club, Mu Alpha Theta, National Honor Society, SGA, S.A.D.D., the school newspaper, The Scratch Post, and the school literary magazine, Spilled Ink.
The Pine Ridge High School Bands are currently run by director Paul Robinson, which consists of Marching Band, Concert Band, and Jazz Band. The marching band provides entertainment during football games by playing stand tunes during the game and performing on the field during half-time. It also plays at pep rallies, marching competitions, and parades. The concert band performs several times throughout the year. Performances include winter and spring concerts as well as MPA. The Jazz band performs at various functions including the Lakeside Jazz Festival in Port Orange, Florida.
Athletics.
Pine Ridge has fall, winter, and spring athletic teams as well as a football stadium and soccer and baseball fields on campus. Pine Ridge shares a rivalry with neighboring high school Deltona High. It has been dubbed the 'Battle of the Boulevard', due the schools being located on opposite ends of Howland Boulevard..
Varsity soccer were district champions in the 2012-2013 season.
Link Crew.
Link Crew is a program started in the 2006-2007 school year where chosen upper-classmen help freshmen throughout the year by getting them to participate in school activities and help with academic classes. This program was originally run by Mrs. Bedard, but upon her resignation it is now sponsored by, a teacher affectionately called, Mrs. Grebosz.
AFJROTC.
Pine Ridge High School has an award winning Air Force Junior ROTC program: Designated a Distinguished Unit by the USAF since 2004; Recognized as an Outstanding High School Leadership Training Program by College Admissions Officers; Led by teachers with USAF Advanced Instructor Certification. The Motto for the Group is "To build better citizens through active citizenship." The FL-941 Cadet Group meets and fulfills this challenge daily by planning, organizing, and running all cadet operations. Cadet activities are numerous: Academic Goal Setting Campaigns, Community Service Projects, Parades, Field Training Exercises, Color Guards, Drill Competitions, School-wide Inter-murals,and more. 
The Program Director is Colonel W. Wright, USAF (Ret) with assistant Senior Master Sergeant P. Olszewski, USAF (Ret).

</doc>
<doc id="9896114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896114" title="Brad Oates">
Brad Oates

Brad Oates (born September 30, 1953 in Mesa, Arizona) is a former NFL American Football player who appeared with five teams. Oates played collegiate football at BYU.
Brad's brother Bart also played offensive lineman in the NFL for eleven seasons for the New York Giants and San Francisco 49ers. Both were teammates for the Philadelphia Stars of the USFL.

</doc>
<doc id="9896129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896129" title="Eurodac">
Eurodac

EURODAC, which stands for "European Dactyloscopy", is the European fingerprint database for identifying asylum seekers and irregular border-crossers. Asylum applicants and irregular border-crossers over the age of 14 have their fingerprints taken as a matter of European Community law. These are then sent in digitally to a central unit at the European Commission, and automatically checked against other prints on the database. This enables authorities to determine whether asylum seekers have already applied for asylum in another EU Member State or have illegally transited through another EU Member State ("principle of first contact"). The automated fingerprint identification system is the first of its kind on the European Union level and has been operating since 15 January 2003. All EU Member States currently participate in the scheme, plus three additional European countries: Norway, Iceland and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="9896148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896148" title="Catherine Swift">
Catherine Swift

Catherine Susan Swift is Chair of the Board of the Canadian Federation of Independent Business. 
Swift studied at the University of Toronto and Carleton University in Ottawa, receiving a B.A. (Honours) in Economics in 1977 and an MA in Economics in 1980.
Swift has a background with the Canadian federal government from 1976 to 1983, in the Departments of Consumer and Corporate Affairs, Industry and Communications. She was Senior Economist with the Toronto-Dominion Bank from 1983 to 1987.
Swift joined the Canadian Federation of Independent Businessin 1987. She became Chair in June 1999. She previously served as CEO from 1997 and President from 1995.
For the CFIB, Swift coordinates policy issues at the federal and provincial level, and she represents CFIB to government and civil society members.
Swift is a currently the president of the Empire Club and a Director of the C.D. Howe Institute. the Canadian Youth Business Foundation and SOS Childrens Villages Canada. She is also the current President of the International Small Business Congress.
She is widely published in journals, magazines and other media on issues such as free trade, finance, entrepreneurship and women small business owners. She contributed the article in The Canadian Encyclopedia entitled "Small Business", and
writes for Canadian newspaper, The Globe and Mail, about small business.

</doc>
<doc id="9896163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896163" title="Lunca de Sus">
Lunca de Sus

Lunca de Sus (; or colloquially "Felsőlok") is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Szekely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of six villages:
Izvorul Trotuşului also includes "Ciherek-pataka", "Bothavas-pataka" and "Farkas-pataka", while the Lunca de Sus village also includes "Nyíresalja" and "Libaváros" ("Goose-city").
History.
The settlement came into being out of the outer areas of Szépvíz and Csíkszentmihály villages, but became a separate village only as late as around 1850.
The village is situated near the old Hungarian border, and therefore protection had to be provided. The Tartar invasions through the valley left many victims behind. In the end, in 1701-1702, the construction of a moat was commenced on Csapó-hill next to the village. The traces of the earthworks can still be seen these days at a length of 120–150 meters.
According to the tradition, the first family that settled into the valley was the Tankó-family.
The village administratively belonged to Csíkszék, then, from 1876 until 1918 to the Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After WWI, by the terms of the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania. As a result of the Second Vienna Award, it belonged to Hungary again between 1940 and 1944. After WWII, it came under Romanian administration and became part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, it formed part of the Hungarian Autonomous Province, then, of the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province until it was abolished in 1968. Since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely and Csángó) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 5,202 of which 99.2% or 5,163 are Hungarian.
According to the 2002 census, it had a population of 3,424 of which 97.14% or 3,326 are Hungarians. Most of the villagers are Roman Catholics (97.10%).
Geography.
The village is the first of the three Csángó settlements as the Gyimes Valley (Valea Ghimeşului) descends from its head.
It lies along the Trotuş River and its tributaries as the sub-settlements, the "creeks" (), were formed in the valleys of the tributaries.
Stream regulation.
With financial support of the European Union became completed by November 2009 the stream regulation and flood control works on Gârbea Creek. The regulation was said to be necessary as the water catchment area of the stream is large and the bed quickly filled up with rainwater with at times of rains which flooded from time to time the plots and the public road along the stream. Under the stream regulation works a 1400 meter long section of the stream has been embedded in a 2 m wide and 2.5 meter deep concrete bed. The bottom of the bed has also been covered with stones and concrete. Wide wooden bridges with yellow metal rails have been made by the brookside making easier the access by vehicle to the real estates along the river. The road has been fitted with metal railings used at motorways.
Although for most of the year, only water a few inches deep trickles in the stream, experts of the Water Department of Bacău County considered that prevention of sudden floodings of the stream may only be solved by converting it into a drainage channel. According to environmentalists, life of birds, fish, frogs and other species is affected by the concrete stream-bed solution. The mayor's office and the local population, however, is satisfied with the chosen solution and consider it a sign of progress. Besides, as they say, life already died out from the stream anyway because of the waste water trickling into the stream from the neighboring cesspools.
It is envisaged by local officials that the Trotuş River and some of the mountain brooks flowing into the river will also be regulated in a similar way, if the necessary financial resources are available.
Education.
Since 1994, the St. Elisabeth Catholic Grammar School has provided education not only for local students, but also for many ethnic Hungarian Csángós from Moldova. It was established by parish priest Lajos Berszán, and in the beginning the building of the Pilgrim's House named "The House built on the Rock" was used for the school's purposes.
Tourist attractions.
In 1941, a military complex consisting of barracks and officer houses was built by the Hungarian army, based on the plans of architect István Mátyás. The buildings were built of stones and logs in the style of a mountain rest-house and provide a picturesque sight along the main road. The complex, referred to as by locals as the "colony" ("kolónia"), later served as a prison and is now used by the Romanian military.
The parish of the village is named in the honor of St Andrew, the apostle. In 2009, a chapel was built in Comiat by parish priest Géza Tankó.
Catholic pilgrims gather each year in the village and embark on the Pentecost Pilgrimage, held since 1567, with the Franciscan Church in Şumuleu Ciuc as their destination.

</doc>
<doc id="9896166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896166" title="John Wemyss, 1st Earl of Wemyss">
John Wemyss, 1st Earl of Wemyss

John Wemyss, 1st Earl of Wemyss (1586 – 1649) was a Scottish politician.
Knighted in 1618, in 1625 Wemyss was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia in 1625, with a charter to the barony of New Wemyss in that province of Canada. In 1628 he was raised to the Peerage of Scotland as Lord Wemyss of Elcho, and in 1633 he was further honoured when he was made Lord Elcho and Methel and Earl of Wemyss, also in the Peerage of Scotland.
He was Lord High Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, a Privy Councillor and one of the Committee of the Estates. Wemyss later supported the Scottish parliament against Charles I in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, and died in 1649. He married Jane Gray (daughter of Patrick Gray and Elizabeth Lyon) and was succeeded by his only son, David, the second Earl.

</doc>
<doc id="9896170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896170" title="Iran women's national football team">
Iran women's national football team

The Iran women's national football team represents Iran in international women's football, and is controlled by Iran Football Federation. The head of women's football at the IRIFF is Farideh Shojaei.
History.
The Iranian women's national team featured freely without the hijab before the Iranian Revolution, with a women's Perspolis FC team dating back to 1976.
Refounded in 2005, the team reached second place at the 2005 West Asian Football Federation Women's Championship in Amman, Jordan held in September and October 2005.
In May 2006, the women's team hosted their first foreign visitors when a club from Berlin, Germany called BSV Al-Dersimspor played out a 2–2 draw in Ararat Stadium, Tehran.
The team won the second place once again at the 2007 West Asian Football Federation Women's Championship in Amman, Jordan, in September 2007.
Banned from international competition.
Iran were briefly banned by FIFA from international competition for being forced to wear hijabs.
Gender verification tests.
In February 2014, it was reported that four players had been removed from the national team squad after failing to be determined as women. The British newspaper "The Telegraph" reported that it was because the players "were either men who had not completed sex change operations, or were suffering from sexual development disorders".

</doc>
<doc id="9896175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896175" title="Lights (Brigade album)">
Lights (Brigade album)

Lights is the debut studio album by the English alternative rock band Brigade. It was produced by Joe Gibb and released on 29 May 2006 through independent label Mighty Atom Records.
Limited Edition.
A limited edition version of the album was released featuring two extra tracks and a bonus DVD.
Bonus Tracks.
12. "Safe Hands"
13. "21"
DVD.
Promo Videos
Live Videos from "The Bull and Gate" in 2003
From the Floor (fan videos)
Early demos and alternative mixes
Photo Gallery
Personnel.
The following personnel contributed to "Lights":

</doc>
<doc id="9896184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896184" title="On Call">
On Call

"On Call" is a song by rock band Kings of Leon and is the third track on their 2007 album "Because Of The Times". The song was also released as the first single from that album on March 26, 2007, in the United Kingdom. It had been available on the iTunes Store since February 6.
Accompanied by the B-side, "My Third House", the single peaked at #18 in the UK Singles Chart, making it one of the band's most successful singles. It also reached the top 30 in Ireland (#28) and New Zealand (#26). The song placed #3 in the 2007 Triple J Hottest 100.

</doc>
<doc id="9896203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896203" title="Uploders">
Uploders

Uploders is a small village in West Dorset, England. It consists mainly of houses, and has a pub (The Crown), and a playing field. The River Asker also runs through the village. It is a linear village, surrounding the minor road between Bridport and Askerswell. It is around half a mile from Loders, and around 3 miles from Bridport, the nearest town. The A35 trunk road also passes by around half a mile from the village.
There are several places of interest to visit, a few being the market town of Bridport, the harbour at West Bay, the beaches along the Jurassic Coast (Burton Bradstock and West Bay being the nearest), the local pubs around the area, and the Iron Age hill fort of Eggardon Hill (about 2 miles east). There are many good walks from the area as well.
External links.
Loders/Uploders information

</doc>
<doc id="9896236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896236" title="Isimud">
Isimud

Isimud (also Isinu; Usmû; Usumu (Akkadian)) is a minor god, the messenger of the god Enki in Sumerian mythology. 
He is readily identifiable by the fact that he possesses two faces looking in opposite directions.

</doc>
<doc id="9896244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896244" title="Van Vicker">
Van Vicker

Joseph van Vicker (born August 1, 1977), better known as Van Vicker, is a Ghanaian actor. He received two nominations for "Best Actor in a Leading Role" and "Best Upcoming Actor" at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2008.
Early life.
Vicker was born to a Ghanaian Liberian mother and a Dutch father. His father died when he was six years old. He has often cited in interviews that he considers himself a global citizen as he was raised all over the world by his mother. Due to the early death of his father Vicker has stated that he is very close to his mother and considers her his hero.
Vicker attended Mfantsipim School, along with fellow actor Majid Michel. Mfantsipim School is the alma mater of Former Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan.
Career.
Television.
Vicker started out in the entertainment world in radio as a presenter at Groove 106.3 fm (1999 - 2000) & Vibe 91.9fm (2001 - 2004) and as a television personality for TV3 (1997 - 1999) & Metro TV (2000 - 2004), van Vicker appeared in the Ghanaian television series, "Suncity", which depicted university life. He played the character of LeRoy King, Jr., a fine arts student born in the U.S. who arrives at Suncity to complete his education. The series ran for a total of 10 episodes.
Film.
Soon, Vicker was cast in his first film "Divine Love" as a supporting character. This film coincidentally was also the debut roles for fellow actors Jackie Aygemang and Majid Michel who were cast in the female and male lead respectively. 
Vicker is usually cast as the male romantic lead, often alongside actresses Jackie Aygemang and Nadia Buari. He is often compared to fellow Ghanaian actor Majid Michel and Nigerian Ramsey Nouah.
van Vicker is one of the renowned African actor Worldwide. Van has directed, starred and produced 5 films under his sky + Orange Productions since 2008. 2012 has being his brightest year for his production house earning him best actor and director for his smash comedy 'Joni waka'.
Personal life and other projects.
Vicker is married with 4 children. He is the CEO of "Sky + Orange Productions", a film production house; Van Vicker Training facility is the latest entrepreneurship of van Vicker where students are trained in the filed in acting by professionals. The Van Vicker Foundation is an outreach program for the youth.
Awards and nominations.
2012
Ghana Movie Awards
Best Director (Local Film)
2012
Ghana Movie Award
Best Actor in a leading role

</doc>
<doc id="9896280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896280" title="Black Darter">
Black Darter

The Black Darter or Black Meadowhawk ("Sympetrum danae") is a dragonfly found in northern Europe, Asia, and North America. At about long, it is Britain's smallest resident dragonfly. It is a very active late summer insect typical of heathland and moorland bog pools.
Members of the genus "Sympetrum" are known as darters in the UK and as meadowhawks in the US and Canada.
Identification.
Both sexes have black legs and pterostigmata and a very broad base to the hind wing. The thorax has yellow sides separated by a bold black panel in which are three yellow spots, resembling a Highland Darter ("Sympetrum nigrescens").
The male has a mainly black thorax and abdomen. The abdomen has small yellow marks on the side, that darken with age. The wings are clear.
The female has black legs and brown eyes. The abdomen is mainly yellow, becoming browner with age. It has small yellow patches at the wing bases.
Breeding.
This Darter is restricted to acidic shallow pools, lake margins and ditches in lowland heath and moorland bogs, usually with bog-mosses and rushes.
Eggs are laid in flight by dipping the tip of the abdomen into the water. The eggs hatch the following spring and the larvae develop very rapidly, emerging after as little as two months.
Behaviour.
Males frequently bask in the sun, on open ground. The flight action is rather skittish resembling the Ruddy Darter. Males are not territorial, but actively seek out females. This species is the smallest of Britain’s dragonflies. Although not as colourful as some other dragonflies it is a lovely dragonfly to watch. They often perch on a sunny spot on the ground. Their flight is a little skittish, and often flies away as you approach, but sometimes it is in a 'friendly mood' and lets you get very close. Sometimes they may even land on an observer’s hand.
Population and conservation.
In the British Isles, this dragonfly is very locally distributed in the lowlands, but more widespread in the north-west and Ireland. It is often very locally abundant and maybe this triggers dispersal. Records from the south coast suggest that immigration from the continent does occur. Its main threats, however, are development, drainage, agriculture, and peat extraction.

</doc>
<doc id="9896282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896282" title="Storey (disambiguation)">
Storey (disambiguation)

Storey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9896287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896287" title="North Fork Trolley Company">
North Fork Trolley Company

The North Fork Trolley Company, based in Riverhead, New York, on Long Island, was founded by president Thomas A. Ingald in 2004.
North Fork Trolley Company's fleet of tourist trolleys has provided transportation to high school reunions, parades, company outings and North Fork Wine Country group tours by reservation. In 2007, North Fork Trolley began Wine Country tours for individuals emanating from the several points in Riverhead. Additionally, they have provided trolley shuttle services for the Babylon Village Fairs, Port Jefferson Fairs, Oyster Bay Fairs, Port Washington Harbor Day, Wine in the Country and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="9896292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896292" title="Halton Lea">
Halton Lea

Runcorn Shopping Centre, previously known as Halton Lea, is a medium-sized covered shopping centre located in Runcorn, Cheshire, England. It is the main shopping area in Runcorn. It was the centrepiece of the New Town of Runcorn and was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1972.
History.
Opened in July 1972 by Queen Elizabeth II, Halton Lea, then called Runcorn Shopping City, was designed by the Chief Architect of Runcorn New Town, Fred Roche, as the centrepiece of the massive development. After its construction in 1971 (officially opened 1972) it was the largest enclosed shopping centre in Europe.
During that period the centre attracted huge numbers of shoppers brought by Runcorn's unique transportation system and its central location between Manchester and Liverpool. However this did not last, as the owners at that time, Grosvenor, pushed rents up in an attempt to capitalise on the centre's popularity. Spiralling rents soon saw many of the big names that were attracting shoppers close and move to centres with lower rents such as the Golden Square Shopping Centre in neighbouring Warrington.
In 1989 Asda Stores Ltd, then part of ASDA MFI, opened a superstore on West Lane. The store was recently extended to . Some of the problems the centre was experiencing during the late 1980s and early 1990s were blamed on the ASDA Superstore; however, it arguably helped to keep the centre alive, bringing customers to the area during the centre's poorest years.
The centre suffered for many more years after Grosvenor sold the centre to its current owners, Peel Holdings. Poor management had left the centre in disrepair. Asbestos, building faults and out of date decor led to a huge redevelopment of the centre and eventually to its renaming to Halton Lea. Since then the centre has grown to include an outdoor mall named the Trident Retail Park, which hosts many big name shops such as Currys, JJB Sports, Blockbuster, TK Maxx and Fitness First. The flagship unit is a 9-screen cinema complex currently owned and operated by Cineworld.
In 2011 the centre was sold to F&C reit asset management for approximately £29.1million, F&C Reit intend to redevelop the centre and have begun with the redevelopment of the car parks.
In 2013 the centre was rebranded to become Runcorn Shopping Centre with a new logo.
Future.
The centre is still undergoing large-scale redevelopment which is to include internal redevelopment and re-distribution of unit space as well as the development of new retail space both inside the centre by opening the unused second floor (which will add at least another of retail space) and the construction of more retail parks around the centre.
In September 2009, Halton Lea was taken into receivership which is being managed by Savills. Meanwhile, it will "trade and operate as normal".
In about September 2010, the centre was put up for £27.8 million by Savills, £27.8 is a roundabout amount that is wanted. Once again everyone has been reassured that the centre will trade and operate as normal, throughout the sale.
On 24 March 2011, it was announced Halton Lea Shopping Centre had been sold to F&C Reit Asset management, for approximately £29.1 million.
During mid-2012 plans were shown around the shopping malls at Halton Lea showing the plans for the exterior of the building. The architects impressions from Leach Rhodes Walker of Manchester show a new look for the building. The current exterior has not been modified significantly since the buildings original construction in the 1970s. In 2010 a net was fitted around the building to stop tiles from falling onto the public as it was a potential health hazard, however no one has ever been harmed by this.
A new Lidl store opened in 2013 with work to begin on a, pub and retail units on Land near the centre on the site of the former Vestric House. Its developer is Opus Land North.
The Post Office was recently relocated into Tesco and is now open 7 days a week.
The centre was re-branded in November 2013 to Runcorn Shopping Centre to help attract major retail to the centre.
The centre spent in excess of £5million pounds in bringing its three car parks up to an award winning standard. The centre offers 2,200 free car parking spaces to its customers.
Background information.
The centre is located close to the local district police station, the law courts and Halton's General Hospital.
It is near the M56 motorway, just off the A533, about 5 minutes from Runcorn Town Centre, and The Brindley arts centre, and 20 minutes from Warrington, and 15 minutes from Daresbury. It is situated in the centre of Runcorn New Town, and buses are available from the two bus termini to Liverpool, Chester and Widnes; it has excellent transportation links.
Shop Information.
Halton Lea comprises over 85 shopping units including banks, bakeries, clothing shops, electrical shops and general supermarkets (Tesco and Iceland), etc. In addition the adjacent Trident Park includes a huge multi-screen cinema and many other large retail outlets (such as a Fitness First gym).

</doc>
<doc id="9896297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896297" title="Lotte Ulbricht">
Lotte Ulbricht

Lotte Ulbricht (19 April 1903 – 27 March 2002) was a Socialist Unity Party of Germany official and the second wife of the East German leader Walter Ulbricht.
Charlotte Kühn was born the younger of two children in Rixdorf in 1903. Her father was an unskilled labourer and her mother a homeworker in Berlin. After attending primary and middle school, she worked as an office worker and a shorthand typist. In 1919, she joined the Free Socialist Youth movement, and in 1921, the Communist Party of Germany. She worked for the Party's central committee and in 1922-23, was a shorthand typist with the Communist Youth International (KJI) in Moscow. Kühn was thereafter a member of the central committee of the KPD and the KPD Reichstag group. In 1926-27 she was archivist with the KJI and then until 1931, secretary and shorthand typist at the Soviet Union's bureau of commerce in Berlin. In 1931, she emigrated to Moscow with her first husband, Erich Wendt. She became an instructor with the Comintern and completed a distance learning study at the Academy of Marxism-Leninism and an evening course at Moscow State University. Following the arrest of her husband in 1936 during the Stalinist purges, she divorced him the same year and was herself investigated. She remained under an official Party reprimand until 1938. From 1939 to 1941, she worked as a compositor at a foreign language printer, and later for the Comintern until 1945.
Kühn's older brother, Bruno, was discovered by the Gestapo in Amsterdam in 1943, working as a radio operator for the NKVD. He was executed in 1944, probably in Brussels. 
Until 1947, she was a member of the central committee of the Communist Party. After 1947, she was a personal assistant to Walter Ulbricht, whom she knew from their time in Moscow, where they lived at the Hotel Lux, along with numerous other German exiles. After her 1953 marriage to Ulbricht, she resigned her job working for him and began studying at the Institute for Social Sciences, which awarded her a Social Sciences Diploma in 1959. During 1959-73, she was employed by the Institute for Marxism-Leninism, where, among other things, she was responsible for editing Walter Ulbricht's speeches and writings published by the Institute.
In addition, she was a member of the Women's Commission of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany. She retired in July 1973, a few weeks before the death of her husband. Lotte Ulbricht was much decorated by the state and party leadership of East Germany, including in 1959, 1963 and 1978 the Fatherland Order of Merit, and in 1969 and 1983 the Order of Karl Marx and 1988 the Grand Star of Friendship of Nations.
In a rare interview, after German reunification, in 1990, she complained that "Honecker wasted my husband's inheritance".
On March 27, 2002, she struggled out of her wheelchair and shuffled to a ladder propped against a bookcase. She climbed to look for a book on an upper shelf, crashed to the floor and died that night. She lived at 12 Majakowskiring Street, Pankow, Berlin. She and Walter adopted a Russian girl, Beate Ulbricht (1944-1991).

</doc>
<doc id="9896313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896313" title="Ecology and Society">
Ecology and Society

Ecology and Society (formerly "Conservation Ecology") is a quarterly open access interdisciplinary scientific journal published by the Resilience Alliance. It covers an array of disciplines from the natural sciences, social sciences, and the humanities concerned with the relationship between society and the life-supporting ecosystems on which human well-being ultimately depends. The journal's editors are Carl Folke (Stockholm Resilience Centre) and Lance Gunderson (Emory University). C. S. Holling was the founding editor. 
Issues are available online as "in progress" as soon as articles are published. Special issues are published separately throughout the year. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 3.310.
, the three most cited articles from "Ecology and Society" were:

</doc>
<doc id="9896316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896316" title="Yassir Raad">
Yassir Raad

Yassir Raad Mohammed () (born 25 June 1977 in Iraq) is an Iraqi defender who plays for Sulaymaniya FC.
The left-side Al-Zawraa player is capable of playing in defence, as well as midfield. Yassir has been one of the Iraqi league's top defenders for the past four years, having played for Al-Defaa Al-Jawiya (now Al-Esteqlal), Al-Shorta, Al-Zawraa and now Arbil FC. He was first selected for the Olympic team by Wathik Naji in October, 2002. The former Iraqi national coach picked a squad of twenty-four players from a list of 217 players; A month later, German coach Bernd Stange took over the team and Yassir made his international debut for Iraq in the 2-2 draw with Bahrain in Doha. At the end of the war, Yassir played at the 2003 Arab Club Championship in Cairo, where he played against Kuwait SC, Al-Jaish and Zamalek, which would be one of his last appearances for the Police Club before he moved to Al-Zawraa. He was recalled by coach Adnan Hamad and played a part in the side’s 5-1 demolition of Al-Nasr at the Emir Abdullah Al-Faisal Cup in Abha, the team reached went all the way to the final where they beat Morocco 1-0. He was used sparely by coach Hamad making only two appearances in the Qualifiers for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, as well as giving him a starting place in the friendly against South Korea in Seoul in April.

</doc>
<doc id="9896317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896317" title="42nd Street Ferry (Williamsburg)">
42nd Street Ferry (Williamsburg)

The 42nd Street Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City, United States, joining 42nd Street (Manhattan) and Broadway (Brooklyn) across the East River.
History.
The Brooklyn and New York Ferry Company, which operated the 23rd Street Ferry from the foot of Broadway, began operating to 42nd Street on December 2, 1901, improving access from Williamsburg to Grand Central Terminal on 42nd Street in Manhattan. The route was discontinued in 1909.
Surface connections.
At the foot of 42nd Street, passengers could transfer to streetcars of the 42nd Street Crosstown Line past Grand Central Terminal to the West 42nd Street Ferry, as well as several lines operating on First Avenue:

</doc>
<doc id="9896327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896327" title="River Asker">
River Asker

The River Asker is a small river in West Dorset, England. It rises on the chalk slopes of Eggardon Hill, approximately east of Bridport. It flows westnorthwest through the villages of Askerswell (to which it gives its name), Uploders (where many cottages have gardens backing onto the river) and Loders. Here it heads west towards Bradpole, where it is joined by the small Mangerton River flowing in from the north. It then flows southwest into Bridport, passing underneath the A3066 and B3162 roads in the town. In this section there are weirs and fish ladders. South of the B3162, between Bridport and Bothenhampton, the river also forms the western boundary of the Askers Meadow Nature Reserve, which was designated a Local Nature Reserve in 2004. The river then flows under the B3157 road and joins the River Brit beside Palmers Brewery in the south of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="9896341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896341" title="Lupeni, Harghita">
Lupeni, Harghita

Lupeni (, Hungarian pronunciation: , meaning "Wolf's Home") is a commune in Harghita County, Transylvania, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Geography.
Lupeni is situated on the Feernicul () stream, 13 km northwest of Odorheiu Secuiesc on the road to Corund and Sovata. The usually small "Fehér Nyikó" stream became so swollen in the catastrophic floods of 2005 when 11 centimeters (4.3 inches) of rain fell in the space of two hours, that three people lost their lives when they were swept away as the water rose over four meters.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of nine villages:
History.
The commune was historically part of the Székely seat of Udvarhelyszék until 1876. After the administrative reform in the Kingdom of Hungary it became a part of the Udvarhely County until 1918. In 1920, the villages, like the rest of Transylvania, formally passed with the Treaty of Trianon from Hungarian to Romanian control. The commune was temporarily incorporated into Hungary, between 1940 and 1944, along with Northern Transylvania under the Second Vienna Award. Between 1952 and 1960, it formed part of the Hungarian Autonomous Province, then, of the Mureş-Hungarian Autonomous Province until it was abolished in 1968. Since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 4,434 of which 99.28% or 4,402 are Hungarian. In 2004, half of the population of the village was engaged in charcoal burning as their principal business.
Famous people.
Lupeni is the birthplace of the famous Hungarian writer Áron Tamási (1897–1966), known for such works as "Címeresek" and the "Ábel" trilogy.
Twinnings.
The commune is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="9896343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896343" title="Big Ten Conference Women's Basketball Tournament">
Big Ten Conference Women's Basketball Tournament

The Big Ten Conference women's basketball tournament is held annually at the end of the women's college basketball regular season. The tournament has been played each year since 1995. The winner of the tournament is designated the Big Ten Tournament Champion, and receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA women's basketball tournament. The finals of the tournament are typically held immediately before the field for the NCAA tournament is announced.
The Big Ten did not begin sponsoring women's basketball until the 1982–83 basketball season. In February 1982 during the 1981–82 season, the conference held a tournament at Michigan State in which Ohio State defeated Illinois 69–66 in the championship game. The conference has listed this in some publications as a regular season championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9896350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896350" title="Redtail butterflyfish">
Redtail butterflyfish

__NOTOC__
The Red-tailed Butterflyfish or redtail butterflyfish (Chaetodon collare), also known as the Pakistani Butterflyfish, is a species of butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae).
It can be found in reefs of the Indo-west Pacific region: from the Persian Gulf and Maldives to Japan, the Philippines and Indonesia. It usually swims at depths of between 3 and 15 m.
It can grow to 18 cm (over 7 in) in length. The Red-tailed Butterflyfish is brown to black, with lighter scales giving it a spotted appearance. It has a prominent, vertical white streak behind the eyes, a dark stripe over the eyes, and another, smaller white stripe in front of the eyes. The base of the tail is bright red, followed by a black stripe. The tip of the tail is diffuse white.
In the wild, its diet consists of coral polyps. In captivity, it is a carnivore, taking fish meat and shrimp.
Systematics.
It belongs to the large subgenus "Rabdophorus" which might warrant recognition as a distinct genus. In this group, its relationships are doubtful; it seems related to the "raccoon-masked" group including the Black Butterflyfish ("C. flavirostris"), Diagonal Butterflyfish ("C. fasciatus"), Philippine Butterflyfish ("C. adiergastos") and the Raccoon Butterflyfish ("C. lunula"). Its color and pattern is entirely different from these, but it shares the robust habitus and bold habits.
The Mailed Butterflyfish ("C. reticulatus") is a near-match of "C. collare" in appearance, save for a less brown hue and light blue instead of red in its black-based tail. These two are widely sympatric in the western Pacific. But DNA sequence and osteology data overwhelmingly agree that "C. reticulatus" belongs to the subgenus called ""Citharoedus"" (a name preoccupied by a mollusc genus). This contains fish like the Scrawled Butterflyfish ("C. meyeri"), similar in shape and size but with a "finger-painted" pattern of a few prominent and uneven lines on light silvery background.
If "Rabdophorus" were to be considered a distinct genus, ""Citharoedus"" would not be included in it but placed with the subgenera "Lepidochaetodon" or "Megaprotodon". Thus, the Red-tailed and Mailed butterflyfishes probably represent a case of convergent evolution and perhaps mimicry. What selection forces were responsible for the striking similarity between two rather unrelated "Chaetodon" is not known.
The highly anomalous 12S rRNA mtDNA sequence found in this species in one 2007 study seems to be due to a laboratory error; in another study a 12S rRNA sequence agreeing with the general pattern of mtDNA evolution in "Rabdophorus" was found.

</doc>
<doc id="9896360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896360" title="Star Fighter (video game)">
Star Fighter (video game)

Star Fighter or Star Fighter 3000 is a 3D flight based shoot-em-up. The gameplay is mission based and involves elements of strategy and planning. The player can order wingmen to fly in formation and attack specific targets.
Acorn Archimedes (RISC OS).
Star Fighter 3000 was first released on November 1, 1994 by Fednet Software. The newest version for RISC OS machines is 3.14, released in 2009 by Christopher Bazley. It is compatible with the current generation of RISC OS hardware and can be played (multitasking) in the desktop. 3.14 is a free upgrade available to any owner of a previous release.
Omega PC.
A second version for RISC OS was developed for the Omega PC. It is essentially a back-port of the 3DO code. Development was headed by Nathan Atkinson, formerly of Visions of the Impossible (VoTI), and coding was done by Lee Noar. This version featured all the graphically and gameplay enhancements of the 3DO version. It was to be bundled with every new Omega sold, coded to specifically use its graphics hardware. However, the deal fell through when Microdigital started showing financial difficulties. This version was later made available for Acorn Risc PC machines through RiscWorld magazine, the full version being bundled free with one of its issues.
3DO.
The gameplay for the 3DO version is slightly different from the Acorn. The map screen is in 3D, not 2D as in the Acorn RISC OS version. Also, to upgrade the ship the player must collect a series of 3D shapes after blowing up certain objects. In the Acorn RISC OS version, the player collects and spends money on ship upgrades. Another difference is that the player can blast pathways through mountain ranges with the laser.
PC, PlayStation and Saturn.
Star Fighter 3000 was also released for the PC, Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn by Acclaim Entertainment. These versions were ports of the 3DO version. Unlike the original Acorn version and 3DO version, Tim Parry and Andrew Hutchings had no involvement in their development.
These versions make heavy use of distance fog to significantly decrease the draw distance. Detail levels on the buildings, texture mapped ground, and other objects were also decreased.
Reception.
The PC version of "Star Fighter" was criticised for its poor graphics, story and controls.
Space Fighter 4000.
In 2011 Andrew Hutchings entered a new game, inspired by Star Fighter, in the 2011 'Dream Build Play' contest. Written for the XNA platform, it was released for Xbox 360 and Windows PC.

</doc>
<doc id="9896363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896363" title="Glenarm Castle">
Glenarm Castle

Glenarm Castle, Glenarm, County Antrim, Northern Ireland, is the ancestral home of the Earls of Antrim.
There has been a castle at Glenarm since the 13th century, and it is at the heart of one of Northern Ireland’s oldest estates.
The present castle was built by Sir Randal MacDonnell, 1st Earl of Antrim, in 1636. It is currently owned by Randal, Viscount Dunluce, the son of Alexander McDonnell, 9th Earl of Antrim.
The Castle's Walled Garden is open to the public between May and September and hosts many events. In July of every year the grounds are the site of a world class Highland Games. The Dalriada Festival is also held at Glenarm Castle and within the local village, which celebrates sport, music and fine food from all over Scotland and Ireland, as well as hosting traditional Ulster Scots cultural events. As part of the Dalriada Festival Glenarm Castle has started to host large outdoor concerts which as of 2012 has welcomed artists like General Fiasco, The Priests, Duke Special, Ronan Keating, Sharon Corr, Brian Houston, David Phelps and the likes.
Summer Madness, Ireland's biggest Christian Festival, moved from its annual residence at the Kings Hall, Belfast, to Glenarm Castle in 2012. It is thought this Festival will return to Glenarm, on a yearly basis, for the foreseeable future.
Film Locations.
Glenarm Castle was used as a major location in Five minutes of Heaven.

</doc>
<doc id="9896372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896372" title="Kakka">
Kakka

Kakka is a minor god, attendant and minister of state to both Anu and Anshar in ancient Mesopotamian religion. He is particularly known from the text of Nergal and Ereshkigal. 
References.
Michael Jordan, Encyclopedia of Gods, Kyle Cathie Limited, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="9896374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896374" title="Hubbert linearization">
Hubbert linearization

The Hubbert Linearization is a way to plot production data to estimate two important parameters of a Hubbert curve; the logistic growth rate and the quantity of the resource that will be ultimately recovered. The Hubbert curve is the first derivative of a Logistic function, which has been used in modeling depletion of crude oil, predicting the Hubbert peak, population growth predictions and the depletion of finite mineral resources. The technique was introduced by Marion King Hubbert in his 1982 review paper. The geologist Kenneth S. Deffeyes applied this technique in 2005 to make a prediction about the peak production of conventional oil.
Principle.
The first step of the Hubbert linearization consists of plotting the production data (P) as a fraction of the cumulative production (Q) on the vertical axis and the cumulative production on the horizontal axis. This representation exploits the linear property of the logistic differential equation:
where "K" and "URR" are the logistic growth rate and the Ultimate Recoverable Resource respectively. We can rewrite (1) as the following:
The above relation is a line equation in the "P/Q" versus "Q" plane. Consequently, a linear regression on the data points gives us an estimate of the slope and intercept from which we can derive the Hubbert curve parameters:
Examples.
US oil production.
The chart on the right gives an example of the application of the Hubbert Linearization technique in the case of the US Lower-48 oil production. The fit of a line using the data points from 1956 to 2005 (in green) gives a URR of 199 Gb and a logistic growth rate of 6%.
Alternative techniques.
Second Hubbert linearization.
The Hubbert linearization principle can be extended to the second derivatives by computing the derivative of (2):
the left term is often called the decline rate.
Hubbert parabola.
This representation was proposed by Roberto Canogar and applied to the oil depletion problem:

</doc>
<doc id="9896382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896382" title="Nadia Turner">
Nadia Turner

Nadia Turner is an American singer, songwriter, actress and radio/television personality, best known as the 8th place finalist on the fourth season of "American Idol".
Before Idol.
Nadia was born and raised in Miami, Florida and started singing at 5 years old. Nadia won her first trophy at age eleven in the Betetees Sorority talent show. She won her first pageant at age fifteen singing in the Miss Martin Luther King, Jr. pageant. She continued to compete in many other talent driven pageants in the U.S. and the Caribbean. She attended art-driven schools in Miami from elementary throughout college at Florida International University. She was a former Miami Dolphins cheerleader in 1996.
In 2000, she sang at the 26th G8 summit to President Clinton and seven world leaders in Okinawa, Japan.
Post "American Idol".
Since exiting American Idol, Nadia Turner has made guest appearances on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "The Tony Danza Show" and served as a guest host on "The View" in December, 2006.
Nadia Turner has performed and hosted many charities such as Big Brothers Big Sisters "Big Event" at the American Airlines Arena, UM Sylvester Cancer Foundation, The Pet Project, and SOS Children Village. She was invited to Kuwait by a bloodline of Kuwait's royal family to perform at a private New Year's Eve party.
Nadia also performed at the 30th Anniversary Gala of FIU Biscayne Bay Campus. She hosted and performed at the Post-Game show at the home opening game of the 2007 season of the Florida Marlins at the Dolphin Stadium, along with fellow Idol contestants Ace Young, Mandisa, Anthony Fedorov, and Jessica Sierra.
Turner's debut album, entitled "Standing On Love", is scheduled for an undetermined date, and is currently without a label.
Turner has a lead role in the urban romantic comedy "Lord Help Us", which premiered at the Pan African Film & Arts Festival and was released on DVD by Image Entertainment in May 2007.
In 2008, her single "Standing On Love" is part of the Edy's SlowChurned Icecream promotional CD "Hot Tracks" available for free with ice cream purchasing at participating stores. The disc also includes another seven tracks from former Idol performers. It was also released as a single with another song, "Beautiful Man."

</doc>
<doc id="9896390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896390" title="Chaetodon dolosus">
Chaetodon dolosus

The African butterflyfish, "Chaetodon dolosus", is a butterflyfish of the family Chaetodontidae found in the Western Indian Ocean, at depths from 40-200 metres (13-66 ft. It can grow up to 15 centimetres (6 in) in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9896393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896393" title="David Wemyss, 2nd Earl of Wemyss">
David Wemyss, 2nd Earl of Wemyss

David Wemyss, 2nd Earl of Wemyss (6 September 1610 – July 1679) was an army officer.
Only son of John Wemyss, 1st Earl of Wemyss and Jean Gray (d. 1640), daughter of Lord Gray.
As Lord Elcho, a title he held between 1633 and 1649, he commanded a regiment of Fife infantry in the Scottish army which reached Newcastle upon Tyne in August 1640. On 1 September 1644, at the head of about 6000 men, he was routed by Montrose at Tippermuir, and in August 1645, as supernumerary commander to Lieutenant-General William Baillie, again suffered defeat by Montrose's forces at Kilsyth.
He married three times:
He died in 1679 at Wemyss Castle in Fife, whose estate he had done much to develop.

</doc>
<doc id="9896402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896402" title="5.6×61mm VHSE">
5.6×61mm VHSE

The 5.6x61mm SE, an abbreviated form of its full designation, the 5.6x61mm Hofe Super Express, is a rifle cartridge introduced in Germany in 1937. It is based on the 6.5x55mm Swedish.
The '5.6x61mm SE' uses a .228in diameter bullet (as also does the .22 Savage Hi-Power, unlike the more common .224in bullets used for most .22 centrefire cartridges.
5.6x61mm VHSE ammunition is still available (2007) from Walter Gehmann, Karlsruhe, Germany. No mass-produced rifles are currently offered in this chambering, but custom riflemakers will chamber for it; and the calibre has a loyal if specialised following, especially among handloading long-range hunters of roe deer and chamois, although the cartridge has accounted for very much larger deer and antelope.
References.
http://www.municion.org/VomHofe/5_6.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9896409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896409" title="SMOFcon">
SMOFcon

SMOFcon is an annual convention that focuses on the organisation of science fiction conventions. The first SMOFcon took place in 1984, and most have taken place in the USA. 
SMOFcon typically attracts 100-150 attendees, and usually occurs in the first weekend of December, though other dates have been known. The content includes formal and informal sessions covering insights from events held in the previous year, information about the latest trends from the community and external experts, reviews of previous events and feedback to bidders for upcoming events, with a focus on learnings that can be widely shared. 
A significant number of SMOFcon attendees are also Worldcon organisers and the programme usually includes sessions about the most recent Worldcon and on bids for future Worldcons. 
The name of the convention is derived from the word SMOF (also spelled smof), which is an acronym which stands for "Secret Master(s) Of Fandom" and is a term used within the science fiction fan community. Its coining is generally attributed to science fiction author Jack L. Chalker.

</doc>
<doc id="9896434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896434" title="Prokaryotic DNA replication">
Prokaryotic DNA replication

DNA replication in prokaryotes is exemplified in "E. coli". It is bi-directional and originates at a single origin of replication (OriC).
Initiation.
The initiation of DNA replication is mediated by DnaA, a protein that binds to a region of the origin known as the DnaA box. In "E. coli", there are 4 DnaA boxes, each of which contains a highly conserved 9 bp consensus sequence 5' - TTATCCACA - 3'. Binding of DnaA to this region causes it to become negatively supercoiled. Following this, a region of OriC upstream of the DnaA boxes (known as DnaB boxes) become melted. There are three of these regions, and each is 13 bp long, and AT-rich (which facilitates melting because less energy is required to break the two hydrogen bonds that form between A and T nucleotides). This region has the consensus sequence 5' - GATCTNTTNTTTT - 3. Melting of the DnaB boxes requires ATP (which is hydrolyzed by DnaA). Following melting, DnaA recruits a hexameric helicase (six DnaB proteins) to opposite ends of the melted DNA. This is where the replication fork will form. Recruitment of helicase requires six DnaC proteins, each of which is attached to one subunit of helicase. Once this complex is formed, an additional four DnaA proteins bind to the original four DnaA proteins to form four DnaA dimers. DnaC is then released, and the prepriming complex is complete. In order for DNA replication to continue, SSB protein is needed to prevent the single strands of DNA from forming any secondary structures and to prevent them from reannealing, and DNA gyrase is needed to relieve the stress (by creating negative supercoils) created by the action of DnaB helicase. The unwinding of DNA by DnaB helicase allows for primase (DnaG) and RNA polymerase to prime each DNA template so that DNA synthesis can initiate.
Elongation.
Once priming is complete, DNA polymerase III holoenzyme is loaded into the DNA and replication begins. The catalytic mechanism of DNA polymerase III involves the use of two metal ions in the active site, and a region in the active site that can discriminate between deoxyribonucleotides and ribonucleotides. The metal ions are general divalent cations that help the 3' OH initiate a nucleophilic attack onto the alpha phosphate of the deoxyribonucleotide and orient and stabilize the negatively charged triphosphate on the deoxyribonucleotide. Nucleophilic attack by the 3' OH on the alpha phosphate releases pyrophosphate, which is then subsequently hydrolyzed (by inorganic phosphatase) into two phosphates. This hydrolysis drives DNA synthesis to completion.
Furthermore, DNA polymerase III must be able to distinguish between correctly paired bases and incorrectly paired bases. This is accomplished by distinguishing Watson-Crick base pairs through the use of an active site pocket that is complementary in shape to the structure of correctly paired nucleotides. This pocket has a tyrosine residue that is able to form van der Waals interactions with the correctly paired nucleotide. In addition, dsDNA (double stranded DNA) in the active site has a wider major groove and shallower minor groove that permits the formation of hydrogen bonds with the third nitrogen of purine bases and the second oxygen of pyrimidine bases. Finally, the active site makes extensive hydrogen bonds with the DNA backbone. These interactions result in the DNA polymerase III closing around a correctly paired base. If a base is inserted and incorrectly paired, these interactions could not occur due to disruptions in hydrogen bonding and van der Waals interactions.
DNA is read in the 3' → 5' direction, therefore, nucleotides are synthesized (or attached to the template strand) in the 5' → 3' direction. However, one of the parent strands of DNA is 3' → 5' while the other is 5' → 3'. To solve this, replication occurs in opposite directions. Heading towards the replication fork, the leading strand is synthesized in a continuous fashion, only requiring one primer. On the other hand, the lagging strand, heading away from the replication fork, is synthesized in a series of short fragments known as Okazaki fragments, consequently requiring many primers. The RNA primers of Okazaki fragments are subsequently degraded by RNAse H and DNA Polymerase I (exonuclease), and the gaps (or nicks) are filled with deoxyribonucleotides and sealed by the enzyme ligase.
Termination.
Termination of DNA replication in "E. coli" is completed through the use of termination sequences and the Tus protein. These sequences allow the two replication forks to pass through in only one direction, but not the other.
DNA replication initially produces two catenated or linked circular DNA duplexes, each comprising one parental strand and one newly synthesised strand (by nature of semiconservative replication). This catenation can be visualised as two interlinked rings which cannot be separated. Topoisomerase IV in "E. coli" unlinks or decatenates the two circular DNA duplexes.
Regulation.
Regulation of DNA replication is achieved through several mechanisms. Mechanisms involve the ratio of ATP to ADP, of DnaA to the number of DnaA boxes and the hemimethylation and sequestering of OriC. 
The ratio of ATP to ADP indicates that the cell has reached a specific size and is ready to divide. This "signal" occurs because in a rich medium, the cell will grow quickly and will have a lot of excess DNA. 
Furthermore, DnaA binds equally well to ATP or ADP, and only the DnaA-ATP complex is able to initiate replication. Thus, in a fast growing cell, there will be more DnaA-ATP than DnaA-ADP. Because the levels of DnaA are strictly regulated, and 5 DnaA-DnaA dimers are needed to initiate replication, the ratio of DnaA to the number of DnaA boxes in the cell is important. After DNA replication is complete, this number is halved, thus DNA replication cannot occur until the levels of DnaA protein increases. 
Finally, DNA is sequestered to a membrane-binding protein called SeqA. This protein binds to hemi-methylated GATC DNA sequences. This four bp sequences occurs 11 times in OriC, and newly synthesized DNA only has its parent strand methylated. DAM methyltransferase methylates the newly synthesized strand of DNA only if it is not bound to SeqA. The importance of hemi-methylation is twofold. Firstly, OriC becomes inaccessible to DnaA, and secondly, DnaA binds better to fully methylated DNA than hemi-methylated DNA.
These mechanisms serve to downregulate DNA replication so that it only occurs once per cell cycle, preventing over-replication of DNA.

</doc>
<doc id="9896437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896437" title="Too big to fail">
Too big to fail

The "too big to fail" theory asserts that certain financial institutions are so large and so interconnected that their failure would be disastrous to the economy, and they therefore must be supported by government when they face difficulty. The colloquial term "too big to fail" was popularized by U.S. Congressman Stewart McKinney in a 1984 Congressional hearing, discussing the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's intervention with Continental Illinois. The term had previously been used occasionally in the press.
Proponents of this theory believe that some institutions are so important that they should become recipients of beneficial financial and economic policies from governments or central banks. Some economists such as Paul Krugman hold that economies of scale in banks and in other businesses are worth preserving, so long as they are well regulated in proportion to their economic clout, and therefore that "too big to fail" status can be acceptable. The global economic system must also deal with sovereign states being too big to fail.
Opponents believe that one of the problems that arises is moral hazard whereby a company that benefits from these protective policies will seek to profit by it, deliberately taking positions (see Asset allocation) that are high-risk high-return, as they are able to leverage these risks based on the policy preference they receive. The term has emerged as prominent in public discourse since the 2007–2010 global financial crisis. Critics see the policy as counterproductive and that large banks or other institutions should be left to fail if their risk management is not effective. Some critics, such as Alan Greenspan, believe that such large organisations should be deliberately broken up: “If they’re too big to fail, they’re too big”. More than fifty prominent economists, financial experts, bankers, finance industry groups, and banks themselves have called for breaking up large banks into smaller institutions.
In 2014, the International Monetary Fund and others said the problem still had not been dealt with. While the individual components of the new regulation for systemically important banks (additional capital requirements, enhanced supervision and resolution regimes) likely reduced the prevalence of TBTF, the fact that there is a definite List of systemically important banks considered TBTF has a partly offsetting impact.
Definition.
Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke also defined the term in 2010: "A too-big-to-fail firm is one whose size, complexity, interconnectedness, and critical functions are such that, should the firm go unexpectedly into liquidation, the rest of the financial system and the economy would face severe adverse consequences." He continued that: "Governments provide support to too-big-to-fail firms in a crisis not out of favoritism or particular concern for the management, owners, or creditors of the firm, but because they recognize that the consequences for the broader economy of allowing a disorderly failure greatly outweigh the costs of avoiding the failure in some way. Common means of avoiding failure include facilitating a merger, providing credit, or injecting government capital, all of which protect at least some creditors who otherwise would have suffered losses...If the crisis has a single lesson, it is that the too-big-to-fail problem must be solved."
Bernanke cited several risks with too-big-to-fail institutions:
Background on banking regulation.
Depository banks.
Prior to the Great Depression, U.S. consumer bank deposits were not guaranteed by the government, increasing the risk of a bank run, in which a large number of depositors withdraw their deposits at the same time. Since banks lend most of the deposits and only retain a fraction in the proverbial vault, a bank run can render the bank insolvent. During the Depression, hundreds of banks became insolvent and depositors lost their money. As a result, the U.S. enacted the 1933 Banking Act, sometimes called the Glass-Steagall Act, which created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) to insure deposits up to a limit ($250,000 in 2013). In exchange for the deposit insurance provided by the federal government, depository banks are highly regulated and expected to invest excess customer deposits in lower-risk assets.
Investment banks and the shadow banking system.
In contrast to depository banks, investment banks generally obtain funds from sophisticated investors and often make complex, risky investments with the funds, speculating either for their own account or on behalf of their investors. They also are "market makers" in that they serve as intermediaries between two investors that wish to take opposite sides of a financial transaction. The Glass-Steagall Act separated investment and depository banking until its repeal in 1999. Prior to 2008, the government did not explicitly guarantee the investor funds, so investment banks were not subject to the same regulations as depository banks and were allowed to take considerably more risk.
Investment banks, along with other innovations in banking and finance referred to as the shadow banking system, grew to rival the depository system by 2007. They became subject to the equivalent of a bank run in 2007 and 2008, in which investors (rather than depositors) withdrew sources of financing from the shadow system. This run became known as the subprime mortgage crisis. During 2008, the five largest U.S. investment banks either failed (Lehman Brothers), were bought out by other banks at fire-sale prices (Bear Stearns and Merrill Lynch) or were at risk of failure and obtained depository banking charters to obtain additional Federal Reserve support (Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley). In addition, the government provided bailout funds via the Troubled Asset Relief Program in 2008.
Fed Chair Ben Bernanke described in November 2013 how the Panic of 1907 was essentially a run on the non-depository financial system, with many parallels to the crisis of 2008. One of the results of the Panic of 1907 was the creation of the Federal Reserve in 1913.
Resolution authority.
Before 1950, U.S. federal bank regulators had essentially two options for resolving an insolvent institution: 1) closure, with liquidation of assets and payouts for insured depositors; or 2) purchase and assumption, encouraging the acquisition of assets and assumption of liabilities by another firm. A third option was made available by the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950: providing assistance, the power to support an institution through loans or direct federal acquisition of assets, until it could recover from its distress.
The statute limited the "assistance" option to cases where "continued operation of the bank is essential to provide adequate banking service." Regulators shunned this third option for many years, fearing that if regionally or nationally important banks were thought generally immune to liquidation, markets in their shares would be distorted. Thus, the assistance option was never employed during the period 1950-1969, and very seldom thereafter. Research into historical banking trends suggests that the consumption loss associated with National Banking Era bank runs was far more costly than the consumption loss from stock market crashes.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act was passed in 1991, giving the FDIC the responsibility to rescue an insolvent bank by the least costly method. The Act had the implicit goal of eliminating the widespread belief among depositors that a loss of depositors and bondholders will be prevented for large banks. However, the Act included an exception in cases of systemic risk, subject to the approval of two-thirds of the FDIC Board of Directors, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, and the Treasury Secretary.
Analyzing "Too Big to Fail".
Bank size and concentration.
Bank size, complexity, and interconnectedness with other banks may inhibit the ability of the government to resolve (wind-down) the bank without significant disruption to the financial system or economy, as occurred with the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy in September 2008. This risk of "too big to fail" entities increases the likelihood of a government bailout using taxpayer dollars.
The largest U.S. banks continue to grow larger while the concentration of bank assets increases. The largest six U.S. banks had assets of $9,576 billion as of year-end 2012, per their 2012 annual reports (SEC Form 10K). For scale, this was 59% of the U.S. GDP for 2012 of $16,245 billion. The top 5 U.S. banks had approximately 30% of the U.S. banking assets in 1998; this rose to 45% by 2008 and to 48% by 2010, before falling to 47% in 2011.
This concentration continued despite the subprime mortgage crisis and its aftermath. During March 2008, JP Morgan Chase acquired investment bank Bear-Stearns. Bank of America acquired investment bank Merrill Lynch in September 2008. Wells Fargo acquired Wachovia in January 2009. Investment banks Goldman-Sachs and Morgan-Stanley obtained depository bank holding company charters, which gave them access to additional Federal Reserve credit lines.
Bank deposits for all U.S. banks ranged between approximately 60-70% of GDP from 1960 to 2006, then jumped during the crisis to a peak of nearly 84% in 2009 before falling to 77% by 2011.
The number of U.S. commercial and savings bank institutions reached a peak of 14,495 in 1984; this fell to 6,532 by the end of 2010. The ten largest U.S. banks held nearly 50% of U.S. deposits as of 2011.
Implicit guarantee subsidy.
Since the full amount of the deposits and debts of "too big to fail" banks are effectively guaranteed by the government, large depositors and investors view investments with these banks as a safer investment than deposits with smaller banks. Therefore, large banks are able to pay lower interest rates to depositors and investors than small banks are obliged to pay.
In October 2009, Sheila Bair, at that time the Chairperson of the FDIC, commented:
Research has shown that
banking organizations are willing to pay an added premium for mergers that will put them over the asset sizes that are commonly viewed as the thresholds for being too big to fail.
A study conducted by the Center for Economic and Policy Research found that the difference between the cost of funds for banks with more than $100 billion in assets and the cost of funds for smaller banks widened dramatically after the formalization of the "too big to fail" policy in the U.S. in the fourth quarter of 2008. This shift in the large banks' cost of funds was in effect equivalent to an indirect "too big to fail" subsidy of $34 billion per year to the 18 U.S. banks with more than $100 billion in assets.
The editors of Bloomberg View estimated there was an $83 billion annual subsidy to the 10 largest United States banks, reflecting a funding advantage of 0.8 percentage points due to implicit government support, meaning the profits of such banks are largely a taxpayer-backed illusion.
Another study by Frederic Schweikhard and Zoe Tsesmelidakis, estimated the amount saved by America's biggest banks from having a perceived safety net of a government bailout was $120 billion from 2007 to 2010. For America's biggest banks the estimated savings was $53 billion for Citigroup, $32 billion for Bank of America, $10 billion for JPMorgan, $8 billion for Wells Fargo, and $4 billion for AIG. The study noted that passage of the Dodd-Frank Act — which promised an end to bailouts — did nothing to raise the price of credit (i.e., lower the implicit subsidy) for the "too-big-too-fail" institutions.
One 2013 study (Acharya, Anginer, and Warburton) measured the funding cost advantage provided by implicit government support to large financial institutions. Credit spreads were lower by approximately 28 basis points (0.28%) on average over the 1990-2010 period, with a peak of more than 120 basis points in 2009. In 2010, the implicit subsidy was worth nearly $100 billion to the largest banks. The authors concluded: “Passage of Dodd-Frank did not eliminate expectations of government support.”
Economist Randall S. Kroszner summarized several approaches to evaluating the funding cost differential between large and small banks. The paper discusses methodology and does not specifically answer the question of whether larger institutions have an advantage.
During November 2013, the Moody's credit rating agency reported that it would no longer assume the eight largest U.S. banks would receive government support in the event they faced bankruptcy. However, the GAO reported that politicians and regulators would still face significant pressure to bail out large banks and their creditors in the event of a financial crisis.
Moral hazard.
Some critics have argued that "The way things are now banks reap profits if their trades pan out, but taxpayers can be stuck picking up the tab if their big bets sink the company." Additionally, as discussed by Senator Bernie Sanders, if taxpayers are contributing to save these companies from bankruptcy, they "should be rewarded for assuming the risk by sharing in the gains that result from this government bailout."
In this sense, Alan Greenspan affirms that, "Failure is an integral part, a necessary part of a market system." Thereby, although the financial institutions that were bailed out were indeed important to the financial system, the fact that they took risk beyond what they would otherwise, should be enough for the Government to let them face the consequences of their actions. It would have been a lesson to motivate institutions to proceed differently next time.
Inability to prosecute.
The political power of large banks and risks of economic impact from major prosecutions has led to use of the term "too big to jail" regarding the leaders of large financial institutions.
On March 6, 2013, United States Attorney General Eric Holder testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee that the size of large financial institutions has made it difficult for the Justice Department to bring criminal charges when they are suspected of crimes, because such charges can threaten the existence of a bank and therefore their interconnectedness may endanger the national or global economy. "Some of these institutions have become too large,” Holder told the Committee, “It has an inhibiting impact on our ability to bring resolutions that I think would be more appropriate," contradicting earlier written testimony from a deputy assistant attorney general who defended the Justice Department’s "vigorous enforcement against wrongdoing." Holder has financial ties to at least one law firm benefiting from "de facto" immunity to prosecution, and prosecution rates against crimes by large financial institutions are at 20-year lows.
Four days later, Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas President Richard W. Fisher and Vice-President Harvey Rosenblum co-authored a "Wall Street Journal" op-ed about the failure of the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to provide for adequate regulation of large financial institutions. In advance of his March 8 speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference, Fisher proposed requiring breaking up large banks into smaller banks so that they are "too small to save," advocating the withholding from mega-banks access to both Federal Deposit Insurance and Federal Reserve discount window, and requiring disclosure of this lack of federal insurance and financial solvency support to their customers. This was the first time such a proposal had been made by a high-ranking U.S. banking official or a prominent conservative. Other conservatives including Thomas Hoenig, Ed Prescott, Glenn Hubbard, and David Vitter also advocated breaking up the largest banks, but liberal commentator Matthew Yglesias questioned their motives and the existence of a true bipartisan consensus.
In a January 29, 2013 letter to Holder, Senators Sherrod Brown and Charles Grassley had criticized this Justice Department policy citing "important questions about the Justice Department’s prosecutorial philosophy." After receipt of a DoJ response letter, Brown and Grassley issued a statement saying, "The Justice Department’s response is aggressively evasive. It does not answer our questions. We want to know how and why the Justice Department has determined that certain financial institutions are ‘too big to jail’ and that prosecuting those institutions would damage the financial system."
Kareem Serageldin pleaded guilty on November 22, 2013 for his role in inflating the value of mortgage bonds as the housing market collapsed, and was sentenced to two and a half years in prison. As of April 30, 2014, Serageldin remains the “only Wall Street executive prosecuted as a result of the financial crisis” that triggered the Great Recession.
Solutions.
The solutions to the "too big to fail" issue are controversial. Some options include breaking up the banks, reducing risk taking through regulation, bank taxes that increase for larger institutions, and increased monitoring.
Break-up the largest banks.
More than fifty economists, financial experts, bankers, finance industry groups, and banks themselves have called for breaking up large banks into smaller institutions. This is advocated both to limit risk to the financial system posed by the largest banks as well as to limit their political influence.
For example, economist Joseph Stiglitz wrote in 2009 that: "In the United States, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere, large banks have been responsible for the bulk of the cost to taxpayers. America has let 106 smaller banks go bankrupt this year alone. It’s the mega-banks that present the mega-costs...banks that are too big to fail are too big to exist. If they continue to exist, they must exist in what is sometimes called a “utility” model, meaning that they are heavily regulated." He also wrote about several causes of the crisis related to the size, incentives, and interconnection of the mega-banks.
Reduce risk-taking through regulation.
The United States passed the Dodd-Frank Act in July 2010 to help strengthen regulation of the financial system in the wake of the subprime mortgage crisis that began in 2007. Dodd-Frank requires banks to reduce their risk taking, by requiring greater financial cushions (i.e., lower leverage ratios or higher capital ratios), among other steps.
Banks are required to maintain a ratio of high-quality, easily sold assets, in the event of financial difficulty either at the bank or in the financial system. These are capital requirements. Further, since the 2008 crisis, regulators have worked with banks to reduce leverage ratios. For example, the leverage ratio for investment bank Goldman Sachs has declined from a peak of 25.2 during 2007 to 11.4 in 2012, indicating a much-reduced risk profile.
The Dodd-Frank Act includes a form of the Volcker Rule, a proposal to ban proprietary trading by commercial banks. Proprietary trading refers to using customer deposits to speculate in risky assets for the benefit of the bank rather than customers. The Dodd-Frank Act as enacted into law includes several loopholes to the ban, allowing proprietary trading in certain circumstances. However, the regulations required to enforce these elements of the law were not implemented during 2013 and were under attack by bank lobbying efforts.
Another major banking regulation, the Glass–Steagall Act from 1933, was effectively repealed in 1999. The repeal allowed depository banks to enter into additional lines of business. Senators John McCain and Elizabeth Warren proposed bringing back Glass-Steagall during 2013.
Too big to fail tax.
Economist Willem Buiter proposes a tax to internalize the massive costs inflicted by "too big to fail" institution. "When size creates externalities, do what you would do with any negative externality: tax it. The other way to limit size is to tax size. This can be done through capital requirements that are progressive in the size of the business (as measured by value added, the size of the balance sheet or some other metric). Such measures for preventing the New Darwinism of the survival of the fittest and the politically best connected should be distinguished from regulatory interventions based on the narrow leverage ratio aimed at regulating risk (regardless of size, except for a de minimis lower limit)."
Monitoring.
On November 4, 2011, a policy research and development entity, called the Financial Stability Board, released a list of 29 banks worldwide that they considered "systemically important financial institutions"—financial organisations whose size "and role" meant that any failure could cause serious systemic problems. Of the list, 17 are based in Europe, 8 in the U.S., and 4 in Asia:
Commentary.
Economists.
More than fifty economists, financial experts, bankers, finance industry groups, and banks themselves have called for breaking up large banks into smaller institutions. (See also Divestment.)
Some economists such as Paul Krugman hold that economies of scale in banks and in other businesses are worth preserving, so long as they are well regulated in proportion to their economic clout, and therefore that "too big to fail" status can be acceptable. The global economic system must also deal with sovereign states being too big to fail. Krugman wrote in January 2010 that it was more important to reduce bank risk taking (leverage) than to break them up.
Economist Simon Johnson has advocated both increased regulation as well as breaking up the larger banks, not only to protect the financial system but to reduce the political power of the largest banks.
Politicians.
One of the most vocal opponents in the United States government of the "too big to fail" status of large American financial institutions in recent years has been the newly elected U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, Elizabeth Warren. At her first U.S. Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14, 2013, Senator Warren pressed several banking regulators to answer when they had last taken a Wall Street bank to trial and stated, "I'm really concerned that 'too big to fail' has become 'too big for trial.'" Videos of Warren's questioning, centering on "too big to fail", became popular on the internet, amassing more than 1 million views in a matter of days.
On March 6, 2013, United States Attorney General Eric Holder told the Senate Judiciary Committee that the Justice Department faces difficulty charging large banks with crimes because of the risk to the economy. Four days later, Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas President Richard W. Fisher wrote in advance of a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference that large banks should be broken up into smaller banks, and both Federal Deposit Insurance and Federal Reserve discount window access should end for large banks. Other conservatives including Thomas Hoenig, Ed Prescott, Glenn Hubbard, and David Vitter also advocated breaking up the largest banks.
International organizations.
On April 10, 2013, International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde told the Economic Club of New York "too big to fail" banks had become "more dangerous than ever" and had to be controlled with "comprehensive and clear regulation more intensive and intrusive supervision."
Other commentators.
Ron Suskind claimed in his book "Confidence Men" that the administration of Barack Obama considered breaking up Citibank and other large banks that had been involved in the financial crisis of 2008. He said that Obama's staff, such as Timothy Geithner, refused to do so. The administration and Geithner have denied this version of events.
Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, called for cutting "too big to fail" banks down to size, as a solution to the problem of banks having taxpayer-funded guarantees for their speculative investment banking activities. "If some banks are thought to be too big to fail, then, in the words of a distinguished American economist, they are too big. It is not sensible to allow large banks to combine high street retail banking with risky investment banking or funding strategies, and then provide an implicit state guarantee against failure."
Alistair Darling disagreed; "Many people talk about how to deal with the big banks – banks so important to the financial system that they cannot be allowed to fail. But the solution is not as simple, as some have suggested, as restricting the size of the banks". As well, Alan Greenspan said that "If they're too big to fail, they're too big," suggesting U.S. regulators to consider breaking up large financial institutions considered "too big to fail." He added, "I don’t think merely raising the fees or capital on large institutions or taxing them is enough ... they'll absorb that, they'll work with that, and it's totally inefficient and they’ll still be using the savings."
Public opinion polls.
Gallup reported in June 2013 that: "Americans' confidence in U.S. banks increased to 26% in June, up from the record low of 21% a year ago. The percentage of Americans saying they have "a great deal" or "quite a lot" of confidence in U.S. banks is now at its highest point since June 2008, but remains well below its pre-recession level of 41%, measured in June 2007. Between 2007 and 2012, confidence in banks fell by half—20 percentage points." Gallup also reported that: "When Gallup first measured confidence in banks in 1979, 60% of Americans had a great deal or quite a lot of confidence in them -- second only to the church. This high level of confidence, which hasn't been matched since, was likely the result of the strong U.S. banking system established after the 1930s Great Depression and the related efforts of banks and regulators to build Americans' confidence in that system."
Lobbying by banking industry.
The banking industry spent over $100 million lobbying politicians and regulators between January 1 and June 30, 2011. Lobbying in the finance, insurance and real estate industries has risen annually since 1998 and was approximately $500 million in 2012.
Historical examples.
Prior to the 2008 failure and bailout of multiple firms, there were "too big to fail" examples from the 1980s and 1990s. These included Continental Illinois and Long-Term Capital Management.
Continental Illinois case.
An early example of a bank rescued because it was "too big to fail" was the Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company during the 1980s.
Distress.
The Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company experienced a fall in its overall asset quality during the early 1980s. Tight money, Mexico's default (1982) and plunging oil prices followed a period when the bank had aggressively pursued commercial lending business, Latin American syndicated loan business, and loan participation in the energy sector. Complicating matters further, the bank's funding mix was heavily dependent on large certificates of deposit and foreign money markets, which meant its depositors were more risk-averse than average retail depositors in the US.
Payments crisis.
The bank held significant participation in highly speculative oil and gas loans of Oklahoma's Penn Square Bank. When Penn Square failed in July 1982, the Continental's distress became acute, culminating with press rumors of failure and an investor-and-depositor run in early May 1984. In the first week of the run, the Fed permitted the Continental Illinois discount window credits on the order of $3.6 billion. Still in significant distress, the management obtained a further $4.5 billion in credits from a syndicate of money center banks the following week. These measures failed to stop the run, and regulators were confronted with a crisis.
Regulatory crisis.
The seventh-largest bank in the nation by deposits would very shortly be unable to meet its obligations. Regulators faced a tough decision about how to resolve the matter. Of the three options available, only two were seriously considered. Even banks much smaller than the Continental were deemed unsuitable for resolution by liquidation, owing to the disruptions this would have inevitably caused. The normal course would be to seek a purchaser (and indeed press accounts that such a search was underway contributed to Continental depositors' fears in 1984). However, in the tight-money financial climate of the early 1980s, no purchaser was forthcoming.
Besides generic concerns of size, contagion of depositor panic and bank distress, regulators feared the significant disruption of national payment and settlement systems. Of special concern was the wide network of correspondent banks with high percentages of their capital invested in the Continental Illinois. Essentially, the bank was deemed "too big to fail," and the "provide assistance" option was reluctantly taken. The dilemma now became, how to provide assistance without significantly unbalancing the nation's banking system?
Stopping the run.
To prevent immediate failure, the Federal Reserve announced categorically that it would meet any liquidity needs the Continental might have, while the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) gave depositors and general creditors a full guarantee (not subject to the $100,000 FDIC deposit-insurance limit) and provided direct assistance of $2 billion (including participations). Money center banks assembled an additional $5.3 billion unsecured facility pending a resolution and resumption of more-normal business. These measures slowed, but did not stop, the outflow of deposits.
Controversy.
In a United States Senate hearing afterwards, the then Comptroller of the Currency C. T. Conover defended his position by admitting the regulators will not let the largest 11 banks fail.
Long-Term Capital Management.
Long-Term Capital Management L.P. (LTCM) was a hedge fund management firm based in Greenwich, Connecticut that utilized absolute-return trading strategies combined with high financial leverage. The firm's master hedge fund, Long-Term Capital Portfolio L.P., collapsed in the late 1990s, leading to an agreement on September 23, 1998 among 14 financial institutions for a $3.6 billion recapitalization (bailout) under the supervision of the Federal Reserve.
LTCM was founded in 1994 by John W. Meriwether, the former vice-chairman and head of bond trading at Salomon Brothers. Members of LTCM's board of directors included Myron S. Scholes and Robert C. Merton, who shared the 1997 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for a "new method to determine the value of derivatives". Initially successful with annualized returns of over 40% (after fees) in its first years, in 1998 it lost $4.6 billion in less than four months following the Russian financial crisis requiring financial intervention by the Federal Reserve, with the fund liquidating and dissolving in early 2000.
International.
Canada.
In March 2013, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions announced that Canada's six largest banks, the Bank of Montreal, the Bank of Nova Scotia, the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, National Bank of Canada, Royal Bank of Canada and Toronto-Dominion Bank, are too big to fail. Those six banks accounted for 90% of banking assests in Canada at that time. As well it noted that "the differences among the largest banks are smaller if only domestic assets are considered, and relative importance declines rapidly after the top five banks and after the sixth bank (National)."
New Zealand.
Despite the government's assurances, opposition parties and some media commentators in New Zealand say that the largest banks are too big to fail and have an implicit government guarantee.
United Kingdom.
The British Chancellor (finance minister) George Osborne has threatened to break up banks which are too big to fail.
The too-big-to-fail idea has led to legislators & governments facing the challenge of limiting the scope of these hugely important organisations, and regulating activities perceived as risky or speculative - to achieve this regulation in the UK, banks are advised to follow the UK's Independent Commission on Banking Report.
See also.
Banking collapse:
General:
Works:

</doc>
<doc id="9896450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896450" title="Archdeacon of Cleveland">
Archdeacon of Cleveland

The Archdeacon of Cleveland is a senior ecclesiastical officer of an archdeaconry, or subdivision, of the Church of England Diocese of York in the Province of York. The Archdeaconry of Cleveland stretches west from Thirsk, north to Middlesbrough, east to Whitby and south to Pickering. It has a varied geography, including the southern parts of the conurbation of Teesside and the open moors of the North York Moors National Park.
History.
Archdeacons occurred in the Diocese of York before 1093; before 1128, there were five serving simultaneously – probably each in their own area, but none occurs with a territorial title before 1133. The title Archdeacon of Cleveland is first recorded before 1174 with Ralph, Archdeacon of Cleveland. Of the five archdeaconries, Cleveland is one of three which has never split from York diocese.
People.
The archdeaconry is led by the Area Bishop of Whitby, Paul Ferguson and by the Archdeacon of Cleveland, currently vacant since Ferguson's consecration; during the vacancy, Canon Richard Rowling is the acting archdeacon.
Organization.
In common with other archdeaconries, Cleveland is further subdivided into deaneries:

</doc>
<doc id="9896453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896453" title="Eukaryotic DNA replication">
Eukaryotic DNA replication

Eukaryotic DNA replication is a conserved mechanism that restricts DNA replication to only once per cell cycle. Eukaryotic DNA replication of chromosomal DNA is central for the duplication of a cell and is necessary for the maintenance of the eukaryotic genome.
DNA replication is the action of DNA polymerases synthesizing a DNA strand complementary to the original template strand. To synthesize DNA, the double-stranded DNA is unwound by DNA helicases ahead of polymerases, forming a replication fork containing two single-stranded templates. Replication processes permit the copying of a single DNA double helix into two DNA helices, which are divided into the daughter cells at mitosis. The major enzymatic functions carried out at the replication fork are well conserved from prokaryotes to eukaryotes, but the replication machinery in eukaryotic DNA replication is a much larger complex, coordinating many proteins at the site of replication, forming the replisome.
The replisome is responsible for copying the entirety of genomic DNA in each proliferative cell. This process allows for the high-fidelity passage of hereditary/genetic information from parental cell to daughter cell and is thus essential to all organisms. Much of the cell cycle is built around ensuring that DNA replication occurs without errors.
In G1 phase of the cell cycle, many of the DNA replication regulatory processes are initiated. In eukaryotes, the vast majority of DNA synthesis occurs during S phase of the cell cycle, and the entire genome must be unwound and duplicated to form two daughter copies. During G2, any damaged DNA or replication errors are corrected. Finally, one copy of the genomes is segregated to each daughter cell at mitosis or M phase. These daughter copies each contain one strand from the parental duplex DNA and one nascent antiparallel strand.
This mechanism is conserved from prokaryotes to eukaryotes and is known as semiconservative DNA replication. The process of semiconservative replication for the site of DNA replication is a fork-like DNA structure, the replication fork, where the DNA helix is open, or unwound, exposing unpaired DNA nucleotides for recognition and base pairing for the incorporation
of free nucleotides into double-stranded DNA.
Initiation.
Initiation of eukaryotic DNA replication is the first stage of DNA synthesis where the DNA double helix is unwound and an initial priming event by DNA polymerase α occurs on the leading strand. The priming event on the lagging strand establishes a replication fork. Priming of the DNA helix consists of synthesis of an RNA primer to allow DNA synthesis by DNA polymerase α. Priming occurs once at the origin on the leading strand and at the start of each Okazaki fragment on the lagging strand.
DNA replication is initiated from specific sequences called origins of replication, and eukaryotic cells have multiple replication origins. To initiate DNA replication, multiple replicative proteins assemble on and dissociate from these replicative origins. The individual factors described below work together to direct the formation of the pre-replication complex (pre-RC), a key intermediate in the replication initiation process.
Association of the origin recognition complex (ORC) with a replication origin is required to recruit both cell division cycle 6 protein (Cdc6) and chromatin licensing and DNA replication factor 1 protein (Cdt1), which initiate the assembly of the pre-RC. Both Cdc6 and Cdt1 proteins associate with the already bound ORC independently from each other. The ORC, Cdc6, and Cdt1 together are required for the stable association of the minichromosome maintenance (Mcm 2-7) complex proteins with replicative origins during G1 phase of the cell cycle.
Pre-replicative Complex.
Eukaryotic origins of replication control the formation of a number of protein complexes that lead to the assembly of two bidirectional DNA replication forks. These events are initiated by the formation of the pre-replication complex (pre-RC) at the origins of replication. This process takes place in the G1 stage of the cell cycle. The pre-RC formation involves the ordered assembly of many replication factors including the origin recognition complex (ORC), Cdc6 protein, Cdt1 protein, and minichromosome maintenance proteins (Mcm2-7). Once the pre-RC is formed, activation of the complex is triggered by two kinases, cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) and Dbf4-dependent kinase (DDK) that help transition the pre-RC to the initiation complex prior to the initiation of DNA replication. This transition involves the ordered assembly of additional replication factors to unwind the DNA and accumulate the multiple eukaryotic DNA polymerases around the unwound DNA.
Origin Recognition Complex.
The first step in the assembly of the pre-replication complex (pre-RC) is the binding of the origin recognition complex (ORC) to the replication origin. In late mitosis, Cdc6 protein joins the bound ORC followed by the binding of the Cdt1 protein. ORC, Cdc6, and Cdt1 are all required to load the six protein minichromosome maintenance (Mcm 2-7) complex onto the DNA. The ORC is a six-subunit, Orc1p-6, protein complex that selects the replicative origin sites on DNA for initiation of replication and ORC binding to chromatin is regulated through the cell cycle. Generally, the function and size of the ORC subunits are conserved throughout many eukaryotic genomes with the difference being which ORC unit actually contacts the DNA.
The most widely studied origin recognition complex is that of "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" or yeast which is known to bind to the autonomously replicating sequence (ARS). The replication origins of higher eukaryotes are made up of similar AT-rich regions. The "S. cerevisiae" ORC interacts specifically with both the A and B1 elements of yeast origins of replication, spanning a region of 30 base pairs. The binding to these sequences requires ATP.
The "S. cerevisiae" ORC requires the five largest subunits, Orc1, Orc2, Orc3, Orc4, and Orc5, to recognize DNA, four of which (Orc1p, 2p, 4p, and 5p) remain in close contact with the origin. The Orc1 and Orc5 subunits are known to interact with ATP, but only the interaction between the Orc1 subunit and ATP are required for DNA binding. The "S. cerevisiae" Orc1 subunit also hydrolyzes ATP; however ATP hydrolysis is not required for DNA binding. Once the ORC is bound to the origin, the complex is retained in an ATP-bound state and the ATP hydrolysis is reserved for a downstream step in initiation.
When the ORC binds to DNA at replication origins, it then serves as a scaffold for the assembly of other key initiation factors of the pre-replicative complex, which includes Cdc6, Cdt1, and minichromosome maintenance (Mcm 2-7) complex proteins.
This pre-replicative complex assembly during the G1 stage of the cell cycle is required prior to the continuation of DNA replication during the S phase. The regulation of mammalian ORC is consistent with the removal of at least part of the complex from the chromosome at metaphase. The Orc1 associated with chromatin is released during mitosis. The removal of ORC could serve to eliminate the pre-replicative complex formation prior to the completion of metaphase.
Cdc6 Protein.
Binding of the cell division cycle 6 (Cdc6) protein to the origin recognition complex (ORC) is an essential step in the assembly of the pre-replication complex (pre-RC) at the origins of replication. Cdc6 binds to the ORC on DNA in an ATP-dependent manner, which induces a change in the pattern of origin binding that requires Orc10 ATPase. Cdc6 requires ORC in order to associate with chromatin and is in turn required for the minichromosome maintenance proteins (Mcm2-7) to bind to the chromatin. The ORC-Cdc6 complex forms a ring-shaped structure and is analogous to other ATP-dependent protein machines. The levels and activity of Cdc6 regulate the frequency with which the origins of replication are utilized during the cell cycle.
Cdt1 Protein.
In fission yeast and "Xenopus", chromatin licensing and DNA replication factor 1 (Cdt1) protein is required for the licensing of chromatin for DNA replication. Cdt1 is essential for DNA replication and performs its role during the formation of the pre-replicative complex by loading the minichromosome maintenance proteins (Mcm) onto the chromosome. Cdt1 has been shown to associate with the C terminus of Cdc6 to cooperatively promote the association of Mcm proteins to the chromatin. Cdt1 activity during the cell cycle is tightly regulated by its association with the protein geminin, which both inhibits Cdt1 activity during S phase in order to prevent re-replication of DNA and prevents it from ubiquitination and subsequent proteolysis.
Minichromosome Maintenance Protein Complex.
The assembly of the minichromosome maintenance (Mcm) proteins function together as a complex in the cell. The assembly of the Mcm proteins onto chromatin requires the coordinated function of the Origin Recognition Complex (ORC), Cdc6, and Cdt1. Once the Mcm proteins have been loaded onto the chromatin, ORC and Cdc6 can be removed from the chromatin without preventing subsequent DNA replication. This suggests that the primary role of the pre-replication complex is to correctly load the Mcm proteins.
The Mcm proteins support roles both in the initiation and elongation steps of DNA synthesis. Each Mcm protein is highly related to all others, but unique sequences distinguishing each of the subunit types are conserved across eukaryotes. All eukaryotes have exactly six Mcm protein analogs that each fall into one of the existing classes (Mcm2-7), which suggests that each Mcm protein has a unique and important function.
Minichromosome maintenance proteins have been found to be required for DNA helicase activity and inactivation of any of the six Mcm proteins prevents further progression of the replication fork. This is consistent with the requirement of ORC, Cdc6, and Cdt1 function to assemble the Mcm proteins at the origin of replication. The complex containing all six Mcm proteins creates a hexameric, doughnut like structure with a central cavity. The helicase activity of the Mcm protein complex raises the question of how the ring-like complex is loaded onto the single-stranded DNA. One possibility is that the helicase activity of the Mcm protein complex can oscillate between an open and a closed ring formation to allow single-stranded DNA loading.
Along with the minichromosome maintenance protein complex helicase activity, the complex also has associated ATPase activity. A mutation in any one of the six Mcm proteins reduces the conserved ATP binding sites, which indicates that ATP hydrolysis is a coordinated event involving all six subunits of the Mcm complex. Studies have shown that within the Mcm protein complex are specific catalytic pairs of Mcm proteins that function together to coordinate ATP hydrolysis. For example, Mcm3 but not Mcm6 can activate Mcm6 activity. These studies suggest that the structure for the Mcm complex is a hexamer with Mcm3 next to Mcm7, Mcm2 next to Mcm6, and Mcm4 next to Mcm5. Both members of the catalytic pair contribute to the conformation that allows ATP binding and hydrolysis and the mixture of active and inactive subunits create a coordinated ATPase activity that allows the Mcm protein complex to complete ATP binding and hydrolysis as a whole.
The nuclear localization of the minichromosome maintenance proteins is regulated in budding yeast cells. The Mcm proteins are present in the nucleus in G1 stage and S phase of the cell cycle, but are exported to the cytoplasm during the G2 stage and M phase. A complete and intact six subunit Mcm complex is required to enter into the cell nucleus. In "S. cerevisiae", nuclear export is promoted by cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) activity. Mcm proteins that are associated with chromatin are protected from CDK export machinery due to the lack of accessibility to CDK.
Initiation Complex.
During the G1 stage of the cell cycle, the replication initiation factors, origin recognition complex (ORC), Cdc6, Cdt1, and minichromosome maintenance (Mcm) protein complex, bind sequentially to DNA to form the pre-replication complex (pre-RC). At the transition of the G1 stage to the S phase of the cell cycle, S phase–specific cyclin-dependent protein kinase (CDK) and Cdc7/Dbf4 kinase (DDK) transform the pre-RC into an active replication fork. During this transformation, the pre-RC is disassembled with the loss of Cdc6, creating the initiation complex. In addition to the binding of the Mcm proteins, cell division cycle 45 (Cdc45) protein is also essential for initiating DNA replication. Studies have shown that Mcm is critical for the loading of Cdc45 onto chromatin and this complex containing both Mcm and Cdc45 is formed at the onset of the S phase of the cell cycle. Cdc45 targets the Mcm protein complex, which has been loaded onto the chromatin, as a component of the pre-RC at the origin of replication during the G1 stage of the cell cycle.
Cdc45 Protein.
Cell division cycle 45 (Cdc45) protein is a critical component for the conversion of the pre-replicative complex to the initiation complex. The Cdc45 protein assembles at replication origins before initiation and is required for replication to begin in "Saccharomyces cerevisiae", and has an essential role during elongation. Thus, Cdc45 has central roles in both initiation and elongation phases of chromosomal DNA replication.
Cdc45 associates with chromatin after the beginning of initiation in late G1 stage and during the S phase of the cell cycle. Cdc45 physically associates with Mcm5 and displays genetic interactions with five of the six members of the Mcm gene family and the ORC2 gene. The loading of Cdc45 onto chromatin is critical for loading other various replication proteins, including DNA polymerase α, DNA polymerase ε, replication protein A (RPA) and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) onto chromatin.
Within a "Xenopus" nucleus-free system, it has been demonstrated that Cdc45 is required for the unwinding of plasmid DNA. The "Xenopus" nucleus-free system also demonstrates that DNA unwinding and tight RPA binding to chromatin occurs only in the presence of Cdc45.
Binding of Cdc45 to chromatin depends on Clb-Cdc28 kinase activity as well as functional Cdc6 and Mcm2, which suggests that Cdc45 associates with the pre-RC after activation of S-phase cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs). As indicated by the timing and the CDK dependence, binding of Cdc45 to chromatin is crucial for commitment to initiation of DNA replication. During S phase, Cdc45 physically interacts with Mcm proteins on chromatin; however, dissociation of Cdc45 from chromatin is slower than that of Mcm's, which indicates that the proteins are released by different mechanisms.
GINS.
The six minichromosome maintenance proteins and Cdc45 are essential during initiation and elongation for the movement of replication forks and for unwinding of the DNA. GINS are essential for the interaction of Mcm and Cdc45 at the origins of replication during initiation and then at DNA replication forks as the replisome progresses. The GINS complex is composed of four small proteins Sld5 (Cdc105), Psf1 (Cdc101), Psf2 (Cdc102) and Psf3 (Cdc103), GINS represents 'go, ichi, ni, san' which means '5, 1, 2, 3' in Japanese.
Mcm10.
Mcm10 is essential for chromosome replication and interacts with the minichromosome maintenance 2-7 helicase that is loaded in an inactive form at origins of DNA replication. Mcm10 chaperones the catalytic DNA polymerase α and helps stabilize the polymerase.
DDK and CDK Kinases.
At the onset of S phase, the pre-replicative complex must be activated by two S phase-specific kinases in order to form an initiation complex at an origin of replication. One kinase is the Cdc7-Dbf4 kinase called Dbf4-dependent kinase (DDK) and the other is cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK). Chromatin-binding assays of Cdc45 in yeast and "Xenopus" have shown that a downstream event of CDK action is loading of Cdc45 onto chromatin. Cdc6 has been speculated to be a target of CDK action, because of the association between Cdc6 and CDK, and the CDK-dependent phosphorylation of Cdc6. The CDK-dependent phosphorylation of Cdc6 has been considered to be required for entry into the S phase.
Both the catalytic subunits of DDK and Cdc7, and the activator protein, Dbf4, are conserved in eukaryotes and are required for the onset of S phase of the cell cycle. Both DDK and Cdc7 are required for the loading of Cdc45 onto chromatin origins of replication. The target for binding of the DDK kinase is the Mcm complex, possibly Mcm2. DDK targets the Mcm complex, and its phosphorylation leads to the possible activation of Mcm helicase activity.
Dbp11, Sld3, and Sld2 Proteins.
Sld3, Sld2, and Dpb11 interact with many replication proteins. Sld3 and Cdc45 form a complex that associated with the pre-RC at the early origins of replication even in the G11 phase and with the later origins of replication in the S phase in a mutually Mcm-dependent manner. Dpb11 and Sld2 interact with Polymerase ɛ and cross-linking experiments have indicated that Dpb11 and Polymerase ɛ coprecipitate in the S phase and associate with replication origins.
Sld3 and Sld2 are phosphorylated by CDK, which enables the two replicative proteins to bind to Dpb11. Dpb11 had two pairs of BRCA1 C Terminus (BRCT) domains which are known as a phosphopeptide-binding domains. The N-terminal pair of the BRCT domains binds to phosphorylated Sld3, and the C-terminal pair binds to phosphorylated Sld2. Both of these interactions are essential for CDK-dependent activation of DNA budding in yeast.
Dpb11 also interacts with GINS and participates in the initiation and elongation steps of chromosomal DNA replication. GINS are one of the replication proteins found at the replication forks and forms a complex with Cdc45 and Mcm.
These phosphorylation-dependent interactions between Dpb11, Sld2, and Sld3 are essential for CDK-dependent activation of DNA replication, and by using cross-linking reagents within some experiments, a fragile complex was identified called the pre-loading complex (pre-LC). This complex contains Pol ɛ, GINS, Sld2, and Dpb11. The pre-LC is found to form before any association with the origins in a CDK-dependent and DDK-dependent manner and CDK activity regulates the initiation of DNA replication through the formation of the pre-LC.
Elongation.
The formation of the pre-replicative complex (pre-RC) marks the potential sites for the initiation of DNA replication. Consistent with the minichromosome maintenance complex encircling double stranded DNA, formation of the pre-RC does not lead to the immediate unwinding of origin DNA or the recruitment of DNA polymerases. Instead, the pre-RC that is formed during the G1 of the cell cycle is only activated to unwind the DNA and initiate replication after the cells pass from the G1 to the S phase of the cell cycle.
Once the initiation complex is formed and the cells pass into the S phase, the complex then becomes a replisome. The eukaryotic replisome complex is responsible for coordinating DNA replication. Replication on the leading and lagging strands is performed by DNA polymerase ε and DNA polymerase δ. Many replisome factors including Claspin, And1, replication factor C clamp loader and the fork protection complex are responsible for regulating polymerase functions and coordinating DNA synthesis with the unwinding of the template strand by Cdc45-Mcm-GINS complex. As the DNA is unwound the twist number decreases. To compensate for this the writhe number increases, introducing positive supercoils in the DNA. These supercoils would cause DNA replication to halt if they were not removed. Topoisomerases are responsible for removing these supercoils ahead of the replication fork.
The replisome is responsible for copying the entire genomic DNA in each proliferative cell. The base pairing and chain formation reactions, which form the daughter helix, are catalyzed by DNA polymerases. These enzymes move along single-stranded DNA and allow for the extension of the nascent DNA strand by "reading" the template strand and allowing for incorporation of the proper purine nucleobases, adenine and guanine, and pyrimidine nucleobases, thymine and cytosine. Activated free deoxyribonucleotides exist in the cell as deoxyribonucleotide triphosphates (dNTPs). These free nucleotides are added to an exposed 3'-hydroxyl group on the last incorporated nucleotide. In this reaction, a pyrophosphate is released from the free dNTP, generating energy for the polymerization reaction and exposing the 5' monophosphate, which is then covalently bonded to the 3' oxygen. Additionally, incorrectly inserted nucleotides can be removed and replaced by the correct nucleotides in an energetically favorable reaction. This property is vital to proper proofreading and repair of errors that occur during DNA replication.
Replication Fork.
The replication fork is the junction the between the newly separated template strands, known as the leading and lagging strands, and the double stranded DNA. Since duplex DNA is antiparallel, DNA replication occurs in opposite directions
between the two new strands at the replication fork, but all DNA polymerases synthesize DNA in the 5' to 3' direction with respect to the newly synthesized strand. Further coordination is required during DNA replication. Two replicative polymerases synthesize DNA in opposite orientations. Polymerase ε synthesizes DNA on the "leading" DNA strand continuously as it is pointing in the same direction as DNA unwinding by the replisome. In contrast, polymerase δ synthesizes DNA on the "lagging" strand, which is the opposite DNA template strand, in a fragmented or discontinuous manner.
The discontinuous stretches of DNA replication products on the lagging strand are known as Okazaki fragments and are about 100 to 200 bases in length at eukaryotic replication forks. The lagging strand usually contains longer stretches of single-stranded DNA that is coated with single-stranded binding proteins, which help stabilize the single-stranded templates by preventing a secondary structure formation. In eukaryotes, these single-stranded binding proteins are a heterotrimeric complex known as replication protein A (RPA).
Each Okazaki fragment is preceded by an RNA primer, which is displaced by the procession of the next Okazaki fragment during synthesis. RNAse H recognizes the DNA:RNA hybrids that are created by the use of RNA primers and is responsible for removing these from the replicated strand, leaving behind a primer:template junction. DNA polymerase α, recognizes these sites and elongates the breaks left by primer removal. In eukaryotic cells, a small amount of the DNA segment immediately upstream of the RNA primer is also displaced, creating a flap structure. This flap is then cleaved by endonucleases. At the replication fork, the gap in DNA after removal of the flap is sealed by DNA ligase I, which repairs the nicks that are left between the 3'-OH and 5'phosphate of the newly synthesized strand. Owing to the relatively short nature of the eukaryotic Okazaki fragment, DNA replication synthesis occurring discontinuously on the lagging strand is less efficient and more time consuming than leading-strand synthesis. DNA synthesis is complete once all RNA primers are removed and nicks are repaired.
Leading Strand.
During DNA replication, the replisome will unwind the parental duplex DNA into a two single-stranded DNA template replication fork in a 5' to 3' direction. The leading strand is the template strand that is being replicated in the same direction as the movement of the replication fork. This allows the newly synthesized strand complementary to the original strand to be synthesized 5' to 3' in the same direction as the movement of the replication fork.
Once a RNA primer has been added by a primase to the 3' end of the leading strand, DNA synthesis will continue in a 3' to 5' direction with respect to the leading strand uninterrupted. DNA Polymerase ε will continuously add nucleotides to the template stand therefore making leading strand synthesis require only one primer and has uninterrupted DNA polymerase activity.
Lagging Strand.
DNA replication on the lagging strand is discontinuous. In lagging strand synthesis, the movement of DNA polymerase in the opposite direction of the replication fork requires the use of multiple RNA primers. DNA polymerase will synthesize short fragments of DNA called Okazaki fragments which are added to the 3' end of the primer. These fragments can be anywhere between 100-400 nucleotides long in eukaryotes.
At the end of Okazaki fragment synthesis, DNA polymerase δ runs into the previous Okazaki fragment and displaces it's 5' end containing the RNA primer and a small segment of DNA. This generates an RNA-DNA single strand flap, which must be cleaved, and the nick between the two Okazaki fragments must be sealed by DNA ligase I. This process is known as Okazaki fragment maturation and can be handled in two ways: one mechanism processes short flaps, while the other deals with long flaps. DNA polymerase δ is able to displace up to 2 to 3 nucleotides of DNA or RNA ahead of its polymerization, generating a short "flap" substrate for Fen1, which can remove nucleotides from the flap, one nucleotide at a time.
By repeating cycles of this process, DNA polymerase δ and Fen1 can coordinate the removal of RNA primers and leave a DNA nick at the lagging strand. It has been proposed that this iterative process is preferable to the cell because it is tightly
regulated and does not generate large flaps that need to be excised. In the event of deregulated Fen1/DNA polymerase δ activity, the cell uses an alternative mechanism to generate and process long flaps by using Dna2, which has both helicase and nuclease activities. The nuclease activity of Dna2 is required for removing these long flaps, leaving a shorter flap to be processed by Fen1. Electron microscopy studies indicate that nucleosome loading on the lagging strand occurs very close to the site of synthesis. Thus, Okazaki fragment maturation is an efficient process that occurs immediately after the nascent DNA is synthesized.
Replicative DNA Polymerases.
After the replicative helicase has unwound the parental DNA duplex, exposing two single-stranded DNA templates, replicative polymerases are needed to generate two copies of the parental genome. DNA polymerase function is highly specialized and accomplish replication on specific templates and in narrow localizations. At the eukaryotic replication fork, there are three distinct replicative polymerase complexes that contribute to DNA replication: Polymerase α, Polymerase δ, and Polymerase ε. These three polymerases are essential for viability of the cell.
Because DNA polymerases require a primer on which to begin DNA synthesis, polymerase α (Pol α) acts as a replicative primase. Pol α is associated with an RNA primase and this complex accomplishes the priming task by synthesizing a primer that contains a short 10 nucleotide stretch of RNA followed by 10 to 20 DNA bases. Importantly, this priming action occurs at replication initiation at origins to begin leading-strand synthesis and also at the 5' end of each Okazaki fragment on the lagging strand.
However, Pol α is not able to continue DNA replication and must be replaced with another polymerase to continue DNA synthesis. Polymerase switching requires clamp loaders and it has been proven that normal DNA replication requires the coordinated actions of all three DNA polymerases: Pol α for priming synthesis, Pol ε for leading-strand replication, and the Pol δ, which is constantly loaded, for generating Okazaki fragments during lagging-strand synthesis.
Cdc45–Mcm–GINS Helicase Complex.
The DNA helicases and polymerases must remain in close contact at the replication fork. If unwinding occurs too far in advance of synthesis, large tracts of single-stranded DNA are exposed. This can activate DNA damage signaling or induce DNA repair processes. To thwart these problems, the eukaryotic replisome contains specialized proteins that are designed to regulate the helicase activity ahead of the replication fork. These proteins also provide docking sites for physical interaction between helicases and polymerases, thereby ensuring that duplex unwinding is coupled with DNA synthesis.
For DNA polymerases to function, the double-stranded DNA helix has to be unwound to expose two single-stranded DNA templates for replication. DNA helicases are responsible for unwinding the double-stranded DNA during chromosome replication. Helicases in eukaryotic cells are remarkably complex. The catalytic core of the helicase is composed of six minichromosome maintenance (Mcm2-7) proteins, forming a hexameric ring. Away from DNA, the Mcm2-7 proteins form a single heterohexamer and are loaded in an inactive form at origins of DNA replication as a head-to-head double hexamers around double-stranded DNA. The Mcm proteins are recruited to replication origins then redistributed throughout the genomic DNA during S phase, indicative of their localization to the replication fork.
Loading of Mcm proteins can only occur during the G1 of the cell cycle, and the loaded complex is then activated during S phase by recruitment of the Cdc45 protein and the GINS complex to form the active Cdc45–Mcm–GINS (CMG) helicase at DNA replication forks. Mcm activity is required throughout the S phase for DNA replication. A variety of regulatory factors assemble around the CMG helicase to produce the ‘Replisome Progression Complex’ which associates with DNA polymerases to form the eukaryotic replisome, the structure of which is still quite poorly defined in comparison with its bacterial counterpart.
The isolated CMG helicase and Replisome Progression Complex contain a single Mcm protein ring complex suggesting that the loaded double hexamer of the Mcm proteins at origins might be broken into two single hexameric rings as part of the initiation process, with each Mcm protein complex ring forming the core of a CMG helicase at the two replication forks established from each origin. The full CMG complex is required for DNA unwinding, and the complex of CDC45-Mcm-GINS is the functional DNA helicase in eukaryotic cells.
Ctf4 and And1 Proteins.
The CMG complex interacts with the replisome through the interaction with Ctf4 and And1 proteins. Ctf4/And1 proteins interact with both the CMG complex and DNA polymerase α. Ctf4 is a polymerase α accessory factor, which is required for the recruitment of polymerase α to replication origins.
Mrc1 and Claspin Proteins.
Mrc1/Claspin proteins couple leading-strand synthesis with the CMG complex helicase activity. Mrc1 interacts with polymerase ε as well as Mcm proteins. The importance of this direct link between the helicase and the leading-strand polymerase is underscored by results in cultured human cells, where Mrc1/Claspin is required for efficient replication fork progression. These results suggest that efficient DNA replication also requires the coupling of helicases and leading-strand synthesis.
Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen.
DNA polymerases require additional factors to support DNA replication. DNA polymerases have a semiclosed 'hand' structure, which allows the polymerase to load onto the DNA and begin translocating. This structure permits DNA polymerase to hold the single-stranded DNA template, incorporate dNTPs at the active site, and release the newly formed double-stranded DNA. However, the structure of DNA polymerases does not allow a continuous stable interaction with the template DNA.
To strengthen the interaction between the polymerase and the template DNA, DNA sliding clamps associate with the polymerase to promote the processivity of the replicative polymerase. In eukaryotes, the sliding clamp is a homotrimer ring structure known as the proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). The PCNA ring has polarity with surfaces that interact with DNA polymerases and tethers them securely to the DNA template. PCNA-dependent stabilization of DNA polymerases has a significant effect on DNA replication because PCNAs are able to enhance the polymerase processivity up to 1,000-fold. PCNA is an essential cofactor and has the distinction of being one of the most common interaction platforms in the replisome to accommodate multiple processes at the replication fork, and so PCNA is also viewed as a regulatory cofactor for DNA polymerases.
Replication Factor C.
PCNA fully encircles the DNA template strand and must be loaded onto DNA at the replication fork. At the leading strand, loading of the PCNA is an infrequent process, because DNA replication on the leading strand is continuous until replication is terminated. However, at the lagging strand, DNA polymerase δ needs to be continually loaded at the start of each Okazaki fragment. This constant initiation of Okazaki fragment synthesis requires repeated PCNA loading for efficient DNA replication.
PCNA loading is accomplished by the replication factor C (RFC) complex. The RFC complex is composed of five ATPases: Rfc1, Rfc2, Rfc3, Rfc4 and Rfc5. RFC recognizes primer-template junctions and loads PCNA at these sites. The PCNA homotrimer is opened by RFC by ATP hydrolysis and is then loaded onto DNA in the proper orientation to facilitate its association with the polymerase. Clamp loaders can also unload PNCA from DNA; a mechanism needed when replication must be terminated.
Termination.
Termination of eukaryotic DNA replication requires different processes depending on whether the chromosomes are circular or linear. Unlike linear molecules, circular chromosomes are able to replicate the entire molecule. However, the two DNA molecules will remain linked together. This issue is handled by decatenation of the two DNA molecules by a type II topoisomerase. Type II topoisomerases are also used to separate linear strands as they are intricately folded into a nucleosome within the cell.
As previously mentioned, linear chromosomes face another issue that is not seen in circular DNA replication. Due to the fact that an RNA primer is required for initiation of DNA synthesis, the lagging strand is at a disadvantage in replicating the entire chromosome. While the leading strand can use a single RNA primer to extend the 5' terminus of the replicating DNA strand, multiple RNA primers are responsible for lagging strand synthesis, creating Okazaki fragments. This leads to an issue due to the fact that DNA polymerase is only able to add to the 3' end of the DNA strand. The 3'-5' action of DNA polymerase along the parent strand leaves a short single-stranded DNA (ssDNA) region at the 3' end of the parent strand when the Okazaki fragments have been repaired. Since replication occurs in opposite directions at opposite ends of parent chromosomes, each strand is a lagging strand at one end. Over time this would result in progressive shortening of both daughter chromosomes. This is known as the end replication problem.
The end replication problem is handled in eukaryotic cells by telomere regions and telomerase. Telomeres extend the 3' end of the parental chromosome beyond the 5' end of the daughter strand. This single-stranded DNA structure can act as an origin of replication that recruits telomerase. Telomerase is a specialized DNA polymerase that consists of multiple protein subunits and an RNA component. The RNA component of telomerase anneals to the single stranded 3' end of the template DNA and contains 1.5 copies of the telomeric sequence. Telomerase contains a protein subunit that is a reverse transcriptase called telomerase reverse transcriptase or TERT. TERT synthesizes DNA until the end of the template telomerase RNA and then disengages. This process can be repeated as many times as needed with the extension of the 3' end of the parental DNA molecule. This 3' addition provides a template for extension of the 5' end of the daughter strand by lagging strand DNA synthesis. Regulation of telomerase activity is handled by telomere-binding proteins.
Replication Fork Barriers.
Eukaryotic DNA replication is bidirectional; within a replicative origin, replisome complexes are created at each end of the replication origin and replisomes move away from each other from the initial starting point. In prokaryotes, bidirectional replication initiates at one replicative origin on the circular chromosome and terminates at a site opposed from the initial start of the origin. These termination regions have DNA sequences known as "Ter" sites. These "Ter" sites are bound by the Tus protein. The "Ter"-Tus complex is able to stop helicase activity, terminating replication.
In eukaryotic cells, termination of replication usually occurs through the collision of the two replicative forks between two active replication origins. The location of the collision varies on the timing of origin firing. In this way, if a replication fork becomes stalled or collapses at a certain site, replication of the site can be rescued when a replisome traveling in the opposite direction completes copying the region. There are programmed replication fork barriers (RFBs) bound by RFB proteins in various locations, throughout the genome, which are able to terminate or pause replication forks, stopping progression of the replisome.
Cell Cycle Regulation.
DNA replication is a tightly orchestrated process that is controlled within the context of the cell cycle. Progress through the cell cycle and in turn DNA replication is tightly regulated by the formation and activation of pre-replicative complexs (pre-RCs) which is achieved through the activation and inactivation of cyclin-dependent kinases (Cdks). Specifically it is the interactions of cyclins and cyclin dependent kinases that are responsible for the transition from G1 into S-phase.
During the G1 phase of the cell cycle there are low levels of CDK activity. This low level of CDK activity allows for the formation of new pre-RC complexes but is not sufficient for DNA replication to be initiated by the newly formed pre-RCs. During the remaining phases of the cell cycle there are elevated levels of CDK activity. This high level of CDK activity is responsible for initiating DNA replication as well as inhibiting new pre-RC complex formation. Once DNA replication has been initiated the pre-RC complex is broken down. Due to the fact that CDK levels remain high during the S phase, G2, and M phases of the cell cycle no new pre-RC complexes can be formed. This all helps to ensure that no initiation can occur until the cell division is complete.
In addition to cyclin dependent kinases a new round of replication is thought to be prevented through the downregulation of Cdt1. This is achieved via degradation of Cdt1 as well as through the inhibitory actions of a protein known as geminin. Geminin binds tightly to Cdt1 and is thought to be the major inhibitor of re-replication. Geminin first appears in S-phase and is degraded at the metaphase-anaphase transition, possibly through ubiquination by anaphase promoting complex (APC).
Various cell cycle checkpoints are present throughout the course of the cell cycle that determine whether a cell will progress through division entirely. Importantly in replication the G1, or restriction, checkpoint makes the determination of whether or not initiation of replication will begin or whether the cell will be placed in a resting stage known as G0. Cells in the G0 stage of the cell cycle are prevented from initiating a round of replication because the minichromosome maintenance proteins are not expressed. Transition into the S-phase indicates replication has begun.
Replication Checkpoint Proteins.
In order to preserve genetic information during cell division, DNA replication must be completed with high fidelity. In order to achieve this task, eukaryotic cells have proteins in place during certain points in the replication process that are able to detect any errors during DNA replication and are able to preserve genomic integrity. These checkpoint proteins are able to stop the cell cycle from entering mitosis in order to allow time for DNA repair. Checkpoint proteins are also involved in some DNA repair pathways, while they stabilize the structure of the replication fork to prevent further damage. These checkpoint proteins are essential to avoid passing down mutations or other chromosomal aberrations to offspring.
Eukaryotic checkpoint proteins are well conserved and involve two phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-related kinases (PIKKs), ATR and ATM. Both ATR and ATM share a target phosphorylation sequence, the SQ/TQ motif, but their individual roles in cells differ.
ATR is involved in arresting the cell cycle in response to DNA double-stranded breaks. ATR has an obligate checkpoint partner, ATR-interacting-protein (ATRIP), and together these two proteins are responsive to stretches of single-stranded DNA that are coated by replication protein A (RPA). The formation of single-stranded DNA occurs frequently, more often during replication stress. ATR-ATRIP is able to arrest the cell cycle to preserve genome integrity. ATR is found on chromatin during S phase, similar to RPA and claspin.
The generation of single-stranded DNA tracts is important in initiating the checkpoint pathways downstream of replication damage. Once single-stranded DNA becomes sufficiently long, single-stranded DNA coated with RPA are able to recruit ATR-ATRIP. In order to become fully active, the ATR kinase rely on sensor proteins that sense whether the checkpoint proteins are localized to a valid site of DNA replication stress. The RAD9-HUS1-Rad1 (9-1-1) heterotrimeric clamp and its clamp loader RFCRad17 are able to recognize gapped or nicked DNA. The RFCRad17 clamp loader loads 9-1-1 onto the damaged DNA. The presence of 9-1-1 on DNA is enough to facilitate the interaction between ATR-ATRIP and a group of proteins termed checkpoint mediators, such as TOPBP1 and Mrc1/claspin. TOPBP1 interacts with and recruits the phosphorylated Rad9 component of 9-1-1 and binds ATR-ATRIP, which phosphorylates Chk1. Mrc1/Claspin is also required for
the complete activation of ATR-ATRIP that phosphorylates Chk1, the major downstream checkpoint effector kinase. Claspin is a component of the replisome and contains a domain for docking with Chk1, revealing a specific function of Claspin during DNA replication: the promotion of
checkpoint signaling at the replisome.
Chk1 signaling is vital for arresting the cell cycle and preventing cells from entering mitosis with incomplete DNA replication or DNA damage. The Chk1-dependent Cdk inhibition is important for the function of the ATR-Chk1 checkpoint and to arrest the cell cycle and allow sufficient time for completion of DNA repair mechanisms, which in turn prevents the inheritance of damaged DNA. In addition, Chk1-dependent Cdk inhibition plays a critical role in inhibiting origin firing during S phase. This mechanism prevents continued DNA synthesis and is required for the protection of the genome in the
presence of replication stress and potential genotoxic conditions. Thus, ATR-Chk1 activity further prevents potential replication problems at the level of single replication origins by inhibiting initiation of replication throughout the genome, until the signaling cascade maintaining cell-cycle arrest is turned off.
Replication through Nucleosomes.
Eukaryotic DNA must be tightly compacted in order to fit within the confined space of the nucleus. Chromosomes are packaged by wrapping 147 nucleotides around an octamer of histone proteins, forming a nucleosome. The nucleosome octamer includes two copies of each histone H2A, H2B, H3, and H4. Due to the tight association of histone proteins to DNA, eukaryotic cells have proteins that are designed to remodel histones ahead of the replication fork, in order to allow smooth progression of the replisome. There are also proteins involved in reassembling histones behind the replication fork to reestablish the nucleosome conformation.
There are several histone chaperones that are known to be involved in nucleosome assembly after replication. The FACT complex has been found to interact with DNA polymerase α-primase complex, and the subunits of the FACT complex interacted genetically with replication factors. The FACT complex is a heterodimer that does not hydrolyze ATP, but is able to facilitate "loosening" of histones in nucleosomes, but how the FACT complex is able to relieve the tight association of histones for DNA removal remains unanswered.
Another histone chaperone that associates with the replisome is Asf1, which interacts with the Mcm complex dependent on histone dimers H3-H4. Asf1 is able to pass newly synthesized H3-H4 dimer to deposition factors behind the replication fork and this activity makes the H3-H4 histone dimers available at the site of histone deposition just after replication.
The heterotrimeric chaperone chromatin assembly factor 1 (CAF-1) is a chromatin formation protein that is involved in depositing histones onto both newly replicated DNA strands to form chromatin. CAF-1 contains a PCNA-binding motif, called a PIP-box, that allows CAF-1 to associate with the replisome through PCNA and is able to deposit histone H3-H4 dimers onto newly synthesized DNA. The Rtt106 chaperone is also involved in this process, and associated with CAF-1 and H3-H4 dimers during chromatin formation. These processes load newly synthesized histones onto DNA.
After the deposition of histones H3-H4, nucleosomes form by the association of histone H2A-H2B. This process is thought to occur through the FACT complex, since it already associated with the replisome and is able to bind free H2A-H2B, or there is the possibility of another H2A-H2B chaperone, Nap1. Electron microscopy studies show that this occurs very quickly, as nucleosomes can be observed forming just a few hundred base pairs after the replication fork. Therefore, the entire process of forming new
nucleosomes takes place just after replication due to the coupling of histone chaperones to the replisome.
Comparisons Between Prokaryotic and Eukaryotic DNA Replication.
When compared to prokaryotic DNA replication, the completion of eukaryotic DNA replication is more complex and involves multiple origins of replication and replicative proteins to accomplish. Prokaryotic DNA is arranged in a circular shape, and has only one replication origin when replication starts. By contrast, eukaryotic DNA is linear. When replicated, there are as many as one thousand origins of replication.
Eukaryotic DNA replication requires precise coordination of all DNA polymerases and associated proteins to replicate the entire genome each time a cell divides. This process is achieved through a series of steps of protein assemblies at origins of replication, mainly focusing the regulation of DNA replication on the association of the MCM helicase with the DNA. These origins of replication direct the number of protein complexes that will form to initiate replication. In prokaryotic DNA replication regulation focuses on the binding of the DnaA initiator protein to the DNA, with initiation of replication occurring multiple times during one cell cycle. Both prokaryotic and eukaryotic DNA use ATP binding and hydrolysis to direct helicase loading and in both cases the helicase is loaded in the inactive form. However, eukaryotic helicases are double hexamers that are loaded onto double stranded DNA whereas prokaryotic helicases are single hexamers loaded onto single stranded DNA.
Segregation of chromosomes is another difference between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells. Rapidly dividing cells, such as bacteria, will often begin to segregate chromosomes that are still in the process of replication. In eukaryotic cells chromosome segregation into the daughter cells is not initiated until replication is complete in all chromosomes. Despite these differences, however, the underlying process of replication is similar for both prokaryotic and eukaryotic DNA.
Eukaryotic DNA Replication Protein List.
List of major proteins involved in Eukaryotic DNA replication

</doc>
<doc id="9896457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896457" title="Edel Bhreathnach">
Edel Bhreathnach

Edel Bhreathnach is an Irish historian and academic and current CEO of the Discovery Programme. 
Bhreathnach was a Tara Research Fellow for the Discovery Programme from 1992 to 2000. In 2005 she was appointed Post-Doctoral Fellow at the Mícheál Ó Cléirigh Institute for the study of Irish History and Civilization, at University College Dublin. In 2013, she left her role in the Ó Cléirigh Institute to rejoin the Discovery Programme as CEO. Her particular areas of interest concern the history of Tara in County Meath, dynastic politics in the kingdoms of Mide and Leinster. 
Bibliography.
The following is a provisional list of Bhreathnach's publications. 
Articles.
For the following see "The Kingship and Landscape of Tara," below.

</doc>
<doc id="9896466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896466" title="1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Combined">
1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Combined

Women's Combined World Cup 1981/1982
Final point standings.
In Women's Combined World Cup 1981/82 all 4 results count.
Note:
Race 2 not all points were awarded (not enough finishers).

</doc>
<doc id="9896477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896477" title="Kashku">
Kashku

Kashku or Koshku () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9896483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896483" title="High School Leaving Certificate (India)">
High School Leaving Certificate (India)

The High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) is awarded after school students successfully complete the curriculum and examinations of schools affiliated to Delhi boards in India.
The awarding body is the Board of Secondary Education of the various states in India.
e.g. Board of Secondary Education, Assam

</doc>
<doc id="9896484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896484" title="United States Coast Pilots">
United States Coast Pilots

United States Coast Pilots is a nine-volume American navigation publication distributed yearly by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Office of Coast Survey. The purpose of the publication is to supplement nautical charts of United States of America (U.S.) waters. Information comes from field inspections, survey vessels, and various harbor authorities. Maritime officials and pilotage associations provide additional information.
"Coast Pilots" provide more detailed information than Sailing Directions because "Sailing Directions" are intended exclusively for the oceangoing mariner. Each volume of "Coast Pilots" must be regularly corrected using Notice to Mariners.
Each volume contains comprehensive sections on local operational considerations and navigation regulations. Following chapters contain detailed discussions of coastal navigation.
An appendix provides information on obtaining additional weather information, communications services, and other data. An index and additional tables complete the volume.
Source.
The text of this article originated from section 405 of The American Practical Navigator, a document produced by the government of the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="9896486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896486" title="Brimo">
Brimo

In ancient Greek religion and myth, the epithet Brimo— "angry" or "terrifying"— may be applied to any of several goddesses with an inexorable, dreaded and vengeful aspect that is linked to the land of the Dead: to Hecate or Persephone, to Demeter Erinyes— the angry, bereft Demeter— or, perhaps, to Cybele. "Brimo" is the "furious" aspect of the Furies. In the solemn moment when Medea picks the dire underworld root for Jason, she calls seven times upon Brimo, "she who haunts the night, the Nursing Mother ["Kourotrophos"]. In black weed And murky gloom she dwells, Queen of the Dead". 
The Thessalian or Thracian word "Brimo" was foreign in Attica. Brimo-Hecate was worshipped at Pherae in Thessaly and has connections with Orphic religion, in which Persephone was prominent.
The "Alexandra" of Lycophron makes clear that when Hecuba is to be transformed into one of the hounds of the triple Hecate, Brimo is an epithet of the Thessalian goddess of the Underworld.
Clement of Alexandria was of the opinion that Brimo was only a title of Demeter at Eleusis. At the Eleusinian Mysteries, the Christian writer Hippolytus reports, the hierophant announced the birth of Brimos: "The Mistress has given birth to a Holy Boy! Brimo has given birth to Brimos! that is, the Strong One to the Strong One" "Brimos" is thus an epithet of Iacchos, the Holy Child of the virginal Persephone, whose epiphany was at the heart of the Eleusinian Mysteries.
In later, more worldly and cynical times, the archaic and fearful spirit could be mocked: in Lucian of Samosata's parody "Oracle of the dead", Brimo is among the voters recorded by the magistrates of Hades: she groans her assent while Cerberus yelps "aye!".
In the Greek magical papyri found in Egypt, "Brimo" makes a natural appearance in incantations connected with the "catabasis" ritual, of entering the Underworld and returning unharmed.

</doc>
<doc id="9896518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896518" title="Van Hulthem (manuscript)">
Van Hulthem (manuscript)

The manuscript known as the Van Hulthem manuscript is a masterpiece of medieval Dutch literature. Its contents of over 200 stories from around Brussels, Belgium was summarized in the following slogan: 'all of life’s intensity in one volume'. 
It has the nickname: 'the Night Watch of Middle Dutch literature'. 
The name of manuscript is the surname of its last private owner, Charles Van Hulthem of Ghent. It is now housed at the Royal Library of Belgium. 
If it hadn't been for this manuscript, we would have not known about the famous 'abele spelen' (profane theater).

</doc>
<doc id="9896529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896529" title="Khipa">
Khipa

Khipa (also Khebe) is a tutelary deity of the Hurrians and Hittites. This may be an archaic name for the goddess Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="9896539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896539" title="Rod Shoate">
Rod Shoate

Roderick Shoate (April 25, 1953 – October 4, 1999) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was a four-time All-Big 8 Conference Player and a three-time All-American at the University of Oklahoma. He played seven seasons in the NFL for the New England Patriots, and then in the United States Football League for the New Jersey Generals and Memphis Showboats.
Shoate struggled with drug addiction and spent some time in prison before dying of AIDS at age 46 in 1999 in his home town of Spiro, OK.
Shoate was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame. in 2013.
Former coaches and teammates attribute Shoate's speed, attention to detail, and relentless pursuit of the other team to his success as a player.

</doc>
<doc id="9896553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896553" title="Towson Tigers">
Towson Tigers

The Towson Tigers, formerly Towson College Knights, are the athletics teams of Towson University. All of the major athletic teams compete in the Colonial Athletic Association with 20 Division I athletic teams (13 in women's sports, 7 in men's sports). Gymnastics competes in the EAGL conference, having rejoined the league in the Spring of 2012.
Since joining the CAA in 2001–02, the Tigers have won 16 league championships; football (1-2011), volleyball (1-2004), men's lacrosse (3-2003, 2004, 2005), women's lacrosse (5-2005, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012), women's swimming & diving (4-2008-2009-2010-2011), men's soccer (1-2006), and men's golf (1-2010). In addition, the women's gymnastics program captured six ECAC Championships over the last eight years (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010).
During an athletics history that traces its roots to the 1920s, Towson has sent teams and individual student-athletes to NCAA post-season competition in baseball, basketball, football, golf, gymnastics, lacrosse, soccer, swimming, track & field and volleyball.
In May 2011, the department broke ground on the Tiger Arena, a new 5000-seat, state-of-the-art arena for basketball, volleyball and gymnastics. The SECU Arena opened in the Fall of 2013.
Varsity Teams.
Towson University sponsors teams in six men's and thirteen women's NCAA sanctioned sports:
Men's Intercollegiate Sports
Women's Intercollegiate Sports
Changes since 2000 to the men's programs include the elimination of several varsity sports in 2003-04—indoor track, outdoor track, cross country, tennis. Changes to the women's programs include the additions of golf in 2007. Men's soccer was eliminated in 2013; after late funding increases, plans to eliminate baseball were delayed until at least 2015.
Football.
The Tigers won the 2011 CAA Championship with a 7–1 conference record. Towson became the first team in NCAA history to compete in the playoffs at all three levels of competition in football (DI, DII and DIII). Following the 2011 season, Head Coach Rob Ambrose won the Eddie Robinson Award as the top college football coach in Division I Football Championship Subdivision (formerly Division I-AA), and Towson freshmen running back Terrance West won the inaugural Jerry Rice Award as the most outstanding freshman player in Division I Football Championship Subdivision.
Lacrosse.
Towson's men's lacrosse team is a nationally known program, regularly appearing in the NCAA tournament. In 1974, the Tigers finished with a 14-1 record and won the Division II national title with an 18-17 overtime win over Hobart. The team also reached the finals of the 1991 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship, and reached the semifinals of the 2001 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship.
Notable non varsity sports.
Rugby.
Founded in 1975, Towson University men's rugby club plays college rugby in Division 2 in the Potomac Rugby Conference against local rivals from Maryland and DC. Towson rugby has been led by head coach Jake Thuma since March 2013.
In 2012, Towson reached the Division 2 national playoffs, defeating Boston University in the round of 16 and Colgate in the quarterfinals, before losing to Salisbury in the semifinals. Towson finished the 2012 season with a 14-5 record, ranked #5 in the nation in Division 2, with flyhalf Christian Lowe named to the All Division 2 team.
In the 2013 season, Towson again reached the Division 2 national playoffs. Towson defeated Illinois State 34-19 in the round of 16, and defeated UNC-Wilmington 30-5 in the quarterfinals, before once again falling to rival Salisbury 23-10 in the semifinals.
Fight song.
"Hail Towson"
Notable athletes.
A number of student-athletes have gone on to enjoy professional sports careers, including most recently Jermon Bushrod, the starting offensive tackle for the 2010 Super Bowl Champion New Orleans Saints; outfielder Casper Wells with the Chicago White Sox; and shooting guard Gary Neal with the San Antonio Spurs.
Tiger student-athletes have distinguished themselves in the classroom as well as on the field of competition. Eleven Tigers have been named CAA Scholar-Athlete Award Winners for their respective sports, including the 2010 cross country recipient, Brandi Gervais, a senior Biology/Pre-Dentistry Major with a perfect 4.0 GPA.

</doc>
<doc id="9896564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896564" title="ResellerRatings">
ResellerRatings

ResellerRatings is a web-based business that solicits consumer reviews of online retailers and sells "Merchant Memberships" to those stores. Rated stores are given one score. As of 29 June 2013, the site claimed 1,940,596 user-submitted reviews for 60,229 stores.
The site also lists deals, special offers, and other sales currently being offered at listed stores, as well as a forum for discussion.
Although free to be listed and to post comments attached to reviews, stores may pay to join the ResellerRatings Merchant Member program regardless of the merchants' rating. Merchant Members can, among other things, receive notifications and detailed information about new reviews, view order numbers attached to reviews, contact reviewers/customers to resolve issues, use the ResellerRatings Checkout Exit Survey to generate reviews from customers one week post-sale, flag reviews for non-customers whereby a ResellerRatings account manager contacts the reviewer to obtain proof of their order and removes the review if no proof is obtained, use the ResellerRatings Customers Love Us Seal/badge, and receive syndication of ratings into Bing Shopping, Google Product Search, and Google AdWords.
"Shopping Review" websites like ResellerRatings or Angie's List are immune from civil liability prosecution for what its reviewers write due to the Internet Communications Decency Act protections which shields websites from what their users do or say.
According to Google, the stars ratings within AdWords ads, powered by ResellerRatings, lift ad CTR by 17%, further validating ResellerRatings' impact as a marketing tool. 
History.
ResellerRatings was launched in 1996 as a subsection of SysOpt.com (sysopt.com/resellerratings, at that time). Its founder, Scott Wainner, sold SysOpt.com and ResellerRatings.com to EarthWeb in 1999 for several million dollars. EarthWeb went defunct and sold all of its properties (except Dice.com) to Internet.com in 2001. Then in 2002, Internet.com shut ResellerRatings.com down, and the founder of ResellerRatings.com bought the site back from Internet.com.
Today, the site receives about 1.5 million unique users per month and about 4,000 new reviews are submitted to the site daily. 2,000 online retailers including Barnes and Noble, HomeDepot.com, Newegg.com, Tigerdirect, Wayfair, L'Occitane, Vitacost, and 1800PetMeds, are Merchant Members at ResellerRatings, and monitor customer reviews to help resolve any issues.
On 6/25/2010, Microsoft's Bing.com chose ResellerRatings as its first provider of merchant reviews.
In August 2012, ResellerRatings was acquired by Answers.

</doc>
<doc id="9896571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896571" title="List of Big Ten Conference women's basketball regular season champions">
List of Big Ten Conference women's basketball regular season champions

The Big Ten Conference did not begin sponsoring women's basketball until the 1982-83 basketball season. In February 1982 during the 1981-82 season, the conference held a tournament at Michigan State in which Ohio State defeated Illinois 69-66 in the championship game. The conference has listed this in some publications as a regular season championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9896585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896585" title="Demi-brigade">
Demi-brigade

"Not to be confused with 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion"
The Demi-brigade () was a military formation first used by the French Army during the French Revolutionary Wars. The "Demi-brigade" amalgamated the various infantry organizations of the French Revolutionary infantry into a single unit. Each one was headed by a chef de brigade.
The term ""Demi-brigade"" was chosen to avoid the feudal "ancien régime" connotations of the term ""Régiment"". Napoleon Bonaparte ordered the term to be abandoned in 1803, and the "demi-brigades" were renamed ""régiments"". The term was reused by certain later units in the French Army, such as the 13th Foreign Legion Demi-Brigade, the only permanent demi-brigade in the modern French Army.
Background.
The French Legislative Assembly voted to declare war on Austria on 20 April 1792, and Prussia joined the war against France. ended well for France, having conquered the Austrian Netherlands (Belgium) and parts of Germany. However, by early 1793, having guillotined Louis XVI of France on 21 January, France found itself at war with a coalition including Great Britain, the German States, the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia, and Spain in addition to Austria and Prussia.
By , France had lost all the conquests of 1792, was fighting on multiple fronts, and threatened with invasion. In an effort to reverse the setbacks, France took a number of measures. In late August 1793, instigated by Lazare Carnot, France introduced the "levée en masse", a mass conscription of young unmarried men. Also in late August, a law was passed to amalgamate the infantry, which saw the formation of "Demi-brigades".
Organized in 1794 as part of the French Revolutionary Armies. One regiment was made up of three brigades and one brigade was made up of 3 battalions.
Demi-brigade.
The main problem faced by the French Revolution infantry was a lack of unity. The Army included three main types of infantry, all with different uniforms, organizations, equipment, and rates of pay:
The variations between units created logistical problems, and animosity (due to different rates of pay) among units.
The purpose of the "Demi-brigade" was to blend all three formations into a single unit, with identical equipment, organization, pay, and uniforms. A "Demi-brigade" consisted of three infantry battalions: one battalion of regulars (from old Royal regiments), and two battalions of either volunteers or national guards. Each battalion had the same organization of one company of grenadiers (heavy infantry) and eight companies of fusiliers (regular infantry). On paper, a "Demi-brigade" would have 2,437 men and four six-pounder cannons.
The "levée en masse" had swelled the ranks of the French army, so by August 1794 over a million men (1,075,000) were under arms. The Demi-brigade created a streamlined and simple method of organizing the infantry. Due to the current war situation, "Demi-brigades" were not formed until early 1794. Separate Demi-brigades were organised as line infantry ("Demi-brigade de Bataille", 1792–96 and "Demi-brigade d'Infanterie de Ligne", 1796–1803 ) and light infantry ("Demi-brigade d'Infanterie Légère"); all lacked uniformity in either weapons or equipment. As the French Revolutionary Wars progressed, demi-brigades were issued with specific coloured uniform jackets. 
By late 1794, France had completed the re-conquest of the Austrian Netherlands and Rhineland of Germany. The Demi-brigade survived the transition of the French government to the French Directory in 1795, the ending of the First Coalition in 1797 after Napoleon's successful campaigns in Italy, renewed conflict with a Second Coalition, and Napoleon seizing power in 1799 to create the French Consulate.
End of the Demi-brigade.
Peace was restored under the Treaty of Amiens in 1802, and Napoleon ordered the reinstatement of the historic term ""régiment"" in 1803. The "Demi-brigades" were renamed as regiments.
The term has been revived for various French Army units since the Napoleonic period. Perhaps the most famous unit to be termed a "Demi-Brigade" is the 13th Foreign Legion Demi-Brigade, the only permanent demi-brigade in the modern French Army.
Demi-brigades in Poland.
In the Second Polish Republic, demi-brigades () were organized in the ranks of Border Protection Corps (in 1927) and National Defence units (from 1937).

</doc>
<doc id="9896591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896591" title="Bassim Abbas">
Bassim Abbas

Bassim Abbas Gatea Al-Ogaili (, born 10 August 1979 in Iraq) "simply known as" Bassim Abbas, is an Iraqi professional footballer. He currently plays as a defender for Baghdad football club in Iraq and the Iraq national football team.
Information.
The Bagdad club Al-Talaba has long been renowned for its ability to develop and nurture young talent. One player to have benefitted from their youth system is Basem Abbas, who over recent years has blossomed into one of Iraq's most dependable defenders. 
Born in August 1979, Abbas's playing career was punctuated by three separate stints with Al Talaba. After spending his first four years with ‘the Students' while he honed his craft, he made a high-profile move to Iranian giants Esteghlal Ahvaz in 2004. Within a year, though, he had returned to Al Talaba, where he played for another season. He then went on to play for three other clubs (Nejmeh, Al-Arabi Sports Club, Umm-Salal ).
until his journey came full circle and he began a third spell in 2008.
However, after his great performance in the FIFA Confederations Cup 2009, he moved to the Turkish team Diyarbakirspor.
Along the way, the many clubs that pursued Abbas were drawn to his inspirational play. A technically accomplished defender who can surge powerfully down the flank to create goalscoring opportunities, he is also powerful and uncompromising in the tackle. 
Abbas first made his mark on the international scene as a cornerstone of Iraq's defence in their triumphant AFC Youth Championship campaign in 2000. He was also instrumental in his side's semi-final showing at the Olympic Football Tournament Athens 2004, and later went on to play an integral role in Iraq's run to continental glory at the AFC Asian Cup 2007 and was a part of the national team in 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup .
Bassim Abbas signed a two-year contract to Konyaspor at the end of 2009-2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9896595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896595" title="William Craig Brownlee">
William Craig Brownlee

William Craig Brownlee (1784 – February 10, 1860) was an American clergyman, professor of languages and author. He was born in Lanarkshire, Scotland and was the fourth son of the Laird of Torfoot. President William McKinley was a distant cousin.
Brownlee founded the Philoclean Society at Rutgers in 1825. Basking Ridge, NJ named a street, Brownlee Place, in his honor.[http://www.brpc.org/publications/BRPCHistory1717-1989.pdf]
Career.
Brownlee studied at the University of Glasgow, receiving a Master's degree with honors. He was licensed as a minister by the Church of Scotland in 1808, before coming to the United States. [http://www.brpc.org/publications/BRPCHistory1717-1989.pdf]
Brownlee held several Associate Presbyterian pastorates in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and was master of a classical academy in Basking Ridge, NJ.He received an honorary degree from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1820,[http://diglib.princeton.edu/ead/eadGetDoc.xq?id=/ead/mss/C0277.EAD.xml then the University of Glasgow gave him an honorary Doctor of Divinity in 1824 for his critical work on the Quakers. Brownlee's parishioners described him as an independent thinker and engaging speaker who often criticized the Roman Catholic Church, Universalism and other groups.[http://www.brpc.org/publications/BRPCHistory1717-1989.pdf 
He became professor of Latin and Greek at Rutgers College in 1825. The next year, Brownlee was installed as a minister at the Collegiate Reformed Dutch church in New York City. He served on a rotating basis among several Dutch Reformed Churches in Manhattan until 1860.[http://www.collegiatechurch.org/ministers.html] 
In 1836, he helped found a group called The American Society to Promote the Principles of the Protestant Reformation. It was an anti-Catholic society, which was eventually absorbed into the American and Foreign Christian Union. It exists today as an ecumenical, mainline Protestant organization.[http://www.afcubridge.org/History%202.htm]
Brownlee's career was cut short by a paralyzing stroke in 1843, from which he never fully recovered, even though his mind remained clear. He and his wife had nine children.[http://www.brpc.org/publications/BRPCHistory1717-1989.pdf]
Works.
Brownlee wrote the 1833 novel "The Whigs of Scotland," a two-volume historical romance about The Killing Time. In the book's introduction, he argued that the Scottish resistance lit the fires of liberty against "the gigantic efforts of a civil and religious fanaticism" from England. Walter Scott, whose portrayal of the Covenanters Brownleee called an injustice, was the epic's inspiration.
Brownlee also edited the "Dutch Church Magazine" (four volumes), founded "The Protestant Vindicator" newspaper in 1834, and published several books, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="9896604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896604" title="Margaret Wemyss, 3rd Countess of Wemyss">
Margaret Wemyss, 3rd Countess of Wemyss

Margaret Wemyss, 3rd Countess of Wemyss and Countess of Cromarty (1 January 1659 – 11 March 1705) was a "suo jure" Scottish peeress.
Margaret was the daughter of David Wemyss, 2nd Earl of Wemyss and Margaret Leslie, daughter of John Leslie, 6th Earl of Rothes. She succeeded to the family title in 1679, as the only child to outlive her father.
On 28 March 1672, Margaret married her cousin, Sir James Weymss of Caskieberry (later created Lord Burntisland for life) and they had three surviving children:
After Lord Burntisland died in 1682, the countess married Sir George Mackenzie of Tarbat (later created Earl of Cromartie).

</doc>
<doc id="9896614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896614" title="Joyce Kulhawik">
Joyce Kulhawik

Joyce Kulhawik (born 1952) was the arts and entertainment anchor for CBS affiliate WBZ-TV News in Boston, Massachusetts. 
Early life and career.
Kulhawik began working for WBZ in 1978, began reporting for the news department in 1981, and remained with the station until May 2008.
She reviews movies and theater online on her website.
Kulhawik was co-host of the weekly nationally syndicated movie review program, "Hot Ticket", with veteran movie critic Leonard Maltin and during the first season, E! reporter Todd Newton. During the 1999–2000 television season, she was a continuing co-host on "Roger Ebert & The Movies".
She joined WBZ-TV in 1978 as an associate producer and tipster for "Evening Magazine". In 1981 she became the station's arts and entertainment reporter and played a key role in the public service campaign, “You Gotta Have Arts!” As part of the campaign, Kulhawik hosted the station's Emmy Award-winning “You Gotta Have Arts!” magazine program during its one year run, as well as three specials, the first of which received an Emmy Award in 1982. 
She also presented "Arts Breaks", 60-second spots featuring local artists, museums, and cultural events. From 1982 through 1985 Kulhawik served as co-anchor of the station's "Live on 4" newscast.
Kulhawik performs as a guest narrator in orchestral works and has performed with The Boston Pops (Keith Lockhart conducting), The New England Philharmonic (Richard Pittman conducting), The Boston Musica Viva (Richard Pittman conducting), The Boston Civic Symphony (Max Hobart conducting), and the Concord Orchestra (Richard Pittman conducting)
Education.
Kulhawik received her bachelor of arts degree in English and Secondary Education from Simmons College in 1974. One of the top two graduating seniors at Simmons, Kulhawik received the Crown Zellerbach Award and a full fellowship from the University of Vermont, where she received a double master's degree in English/Education in 1977. She taught English at Brookline High School from 1976 through 1978, and at the Boston Architectural Center from 1977 through 1979.
Cancer.
A three-time cancer survivor (ovarian cancer twice, and melanoma), Kulhawik was called upon to testify before Congress on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of The National Cancer Act. Since
1983 she has served as the Honorary Chairperson for the American Cancer Society (ACS)'s Daffodil Days, the largest state-wide annual spring fundraising event.
Awards.
The American Cancer Society honored Kulhawik with its National Bronze Medal Award. Kulhawik accepted the 1994 Gilda Radner Award from the Wellness Community in Greater Boston "for engendering inspiration in cancer patients via her own valiant fight with the disease."
Kulhawik is a member of the Boston Society of Film Critics and serves on the selection committee for The Boston Theater Awards. In 1994 the Berklee College of Music honored Kulhawik for her many contributions to the Boston arts community by establishing a $25,000 newly endowed scholarship in her name, in perpetuity. In 1995 the Lyric Stage Company honored Kulhawik with their Arts Support Award.
In 1990 she was the recipient of The Boston Theater District Award, which is presented annually to a Bostonian who has made a significant contribution to the stage, screen, and/or television. 
In May 2002, Kulhawik received an Honorary Doctorate in Communications from her alma mater, Simmons College. She also received a 2001 Boston/New England Emmy Award for WBZ-TV's Outstanding Team Coverage of Ground Zero.
In May 2007, she was named one of the first inductees to the Massachusetts Broadcasters Hall of Fame.
In May 2010, at the 33rd National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Boston/New England Emmy Awards Celebration, she received the 2010 Governor's Award. The president of NTA Boston/ New England chapter, Timothy Egan stated, "The National Television Academy's Boston New England Chapter is pleased to celebrate Joyce Kulhawik's excellence by awarding her the 2010 Governor's Award in honor of her legendary journalism and contribution to the arts. Joyce is a trailblazer for women in the business and one of New England's best known and most talented media professionals."
In May 2011, she received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the14th annual Exceptional Woman Awards, presented by radio station 106.7FM WMJX Boston.
Personal.
Kulhawik married Andrew Cohen in 1979. They reside in Wayland, Massachusetts with their daughter, Annelise.
Kulhawik plays the piano, has sung professionally and can yodel. She was the soloist and organist for seven years at her parish church in her home state of Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="9896616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896616" title="Kulla">
Kulla

Kulla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9896622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896622" title="Brooklyn and New York Ferry Company">
Brooklyn and New York Ferry Company

The Brooklyn and New York Ferry Company was a ferry company that operated between Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City, United States.
History.
The Williamsburgh Ferry Company was established in 1824, taking over the existing Grand Street Ferry.
In early January 1886, the property of the New York Ferry Company was transferred to the new Brooklyn and New York Ferry Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9896636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896636" title="Ashbya gossypii">
Ashbya gossypii

" Ashbya gossypii " (also known as Eremothecium gossypii) is a filamentous fungus or mold closely related to yeast, but growing exclusively in a filamentous way. It was originally isolated from cotton as a pathogen causing stigmatomycosis by Ashby and Novell in 1926. This disease affects the development of hair cells in cotton bolls and can be transmitted to citrus fruits, which thereupon dry out and collapse (dry rot disease). In the first part of the 20th century, "A. gossypii" and two other fungi causing stigmatomycosis ("Eremothecium coryli", "Aureobasidium pullulans") made it virtually impossible to grow cotton in certain regions of the subtropics, causing severe economical losses. Control of the spore-transmitting insects - cotton stainer "(Dysdercus suturellus)" and "Antestiopsis" (antestia bugs) - permitted full eradication of infections. "A. gossypii" was recognized as a natural overproducer of riboflavin (vitamin B2), which protects its spores against ultraviolet light. This made it an interesting organism for industries, where genetically modified strains are still used to produce this vitamin.
"A. gossypii" as a model organism.
A few years ago, "A. gossypii" became recognized as an attractive model to study the growth of long and multinucleate fungal cells (hyphae) because of its small genome, haploid nuclei, and efficient gene targeting methods. It is generally assumed that a better understanding of filamentous fungal growth will greatly stimulate the development of novel fungicides. Its use as a model organism is particularly promising because of the high level of gene order conservation (synteny) between the genomes of "A. gossypii" and the yeast "Saccharomyces cerevisiae".
Genome.
The complete sequencing and annotation of the entire "A. gossypii" genome, as published in 2004, was initiated when a significant degree of gene synteny was observed in preliminary studies in comparison to the genome of budding yeast, "Saccharomyces cerevisiae." This not only helped to improve gene annotation of "S. cerevisiae", but also allowed the reconstruction of the evolutionary history of both organisms. "A. gossypii" and "S. cerevisiae" originated from a common ancestor which carried about 5000 genes. Divergence of these two close relatives started some 100 million years ago. One branch of evolution involving up to 100 viable genome rearrangements (translocations and inversions), a few million base pair changes, and a limited number of gene deletions, duplications and additions lead to modern "A. gossypii" with its 4718 protein-coding genes and 9.2 million base pairs (smallest genome of a free-living eukaryote yet characterized) spread over seven chromosomes. The genome of "S. cerevisiae" underwent a more eventful evolution, which includes a whole-genome duplication.
Despite the long evolutionary history of the two organisms and fundamentally different ways of growth and development, the complete synteny map of both genomes reveals 95% of "A. gossypii" genes are orthologs of "S. cerevisiae" genes, and 90% map within blocks of synteny (syntenic homologs).
Growth, development and morphology.
The "A. gossypii" life cycle starts with the only known phase of isotropic growth in wild type: germination of the haploid spore to form a germ bubble. This is followed by apical growth, extending two germ tubes in succession on opposing sites of the germ bubble. More axes of polarity are established with lateral branch formation in young mycelium. Maturation is characterized by apical branching (tip splitting) and a dramatic increase of growth speed (up to 200 μm/h at 30°C), which enables it to cover an 8 cm Petri dish of full medium in about seven days. Sporulation is thought to be induced by nutrient deprivation, leading to contraction at the septa, cytokinesis and subsequent abscission of sporangia which contain up to eight haploid spores. Hyphae are compartmentalized by septa, which in young parts appear as rings that allow transfer of nuclei and in older parts may appear as closed discs. Compartments typically contain around eight nuclei.

</doc>
<doc id="9896658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896658" title="Haidar Abdul-Razzaq">
Haidar Abdul-Razzaq

Haidar Abdul-Razzaq Hassan () (born on 23 October 1978 in Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a defender for Sulaymaniya FC. He is a member of the Iraq national football team.
Information.
Haidar Abdul-Razzaq is a talented versatile player capable of playing anywhere in defence. He began his playing career with the Talaba youth team in 1995, he had been playing as a goalkeeper for Al-Shurta youth team before switching to defence. In 1996, he was one of five players brought into the Talaba first team by coach Nazar Ashraf, two years later he was called into the Iraqi Under-17s by Adnan Hamad. He also played under the same coach while with the Iraqi Under-19s. winning the AFC Youth Championship final over Japan in dramatic style. Haidar was called up by Milan Zivadinovic for Iraq’s 2002 World Cup qualifiers, making his international debut on 31 January 2000 against Lebanon in Beirut, in a 0-0 draw. He made three other appearances in the 2002 World Cup qualifiers against Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and Iran while Iraq was coached by Croatian Rudolf Belin. He signed for Al-Ansar in Lebanon in 2002 but returned after the end of the war to rejoin Talaba and cemented himself a place on the right-side of defence in the Olympic team.

</doc>
<doc id="9896663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896663" title="La Rue, Wisconsin">
La Rue, Wisconsin

La Rue is a small unincorporated community in the town of Freedom, in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on a spur line of the former Chicago and North Western Railway. Heritage railway excursions from the Mid-Continent Railway Museum, in North Freedom, Wisconsin, go through La Rue.
The area of La Rue used to be a popular destination, with its iron mine beside it. Slowly, the area began to diminish.

</doc>
<doc id="9896670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896670" title="Lori Fullington">
Lori Fullington

Lori Fullington (born May 17, 1967) is an American retired professional wrestling manager. She is perhaps best known for her appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling under her real name and as Peaches.
Career.
Fullington debuted in Extreme Championship Wrestling in the early to mid 1990s under the ring name "Peaches" alongside her husband, The Sandman. The name was a reference to the song "Mr. Sandman", which includes the line ""like peaches and cream"". She was also sometimes referred to as Miss Peaches.
In 1994, while temporarily blinded following a match, The Sandman inadvertently struck his wife. When The Sandman recovered and saw his tag team partner Tommy Cairo assisting Peaches to her feet, he attacked Cairo. The Sandman subsequently became estranged from his wife (claiming "life's a bitch, and then you marry one"), and Peaches became the valet of Cairo.
The Sandman, who had abandoned his "surfer" gimmick in favour of a "pimp" gimmick, claimed that Cairo had neglected to pay one of The Sandman's prostitutes, Woman, who had convinced The Sandman that Cairo had slept with both her and Peaches. The Sandman began harassing Fullington and Cairo, demanding Cairo "Pay Your Bills!"
Following the highly-publicised caning of Michael P. Fay in Singapore on May 5, 1994, Cairo and Peaches faced The Sandman and Woman in an intergender "Singapore Caning" match on May 14, 1994. After emerging victorious Peaches caned The Sandman's crotch until Woman threw salt in her eyes, enabling The Sandman to regroup and use his cane on both Cairo and Peaches.
In late 1994, The Sandman was once again blinded after a lit cigarette was pushed into his eye during an "I Quit" match with Tommy Dreamer. The Sandman subsequently claimed that he would have to retire as a result, with Dreamer responding by dedicating the remainder of his career to The Sandman, and Woman blaming him for the injury and abandoning him as a result. During The Sandman's retirement ceremony at November to Remember 1994, Peaches attempted to reconcile with The Sandman, but was caned by the returning Woman. Woman threatened The Sandman, drawing Dreamer to the ring, at which point The Sandman revealed that he was not in fact blinded and attacked Dreamer. The Sandman went on to reveal that his blinding had been an elaborate ruse.
Lori Fullington, now using her real name, returned to ECW in 1996 during The Sandman's feud with Raven, with Lori and her son, Tyler, assisting Raven in his matches against The Sandman and his new valet, Missy Hyatt. In early 1997, Lori teased that she would leave Raven to join the Blue World Order by wearing a BWO T-shirt. The family reconciled in 1997 after Raven turned on Lori and Tyler and The Sandman came to their rescue.
Lori Fullington returned to ECW once more in 2000, assisting The Sandman in his feud with The Network. In the course of the feud, Rhino gored her through a table at Living Dangerously 2000, piledrove her through a table at Hardcore Heaven 2000 and thrust her head into a toilet at Heatwave 2000. Lori Fullington left ECW once more upon the cessation of the feud in mid-2000.
In 2002, Lori Fullington appeared alongside The Sandman in Xtreme Pro Wrestling.
Personal life.
Lori Fullington was married to Jim Fullington ("The Sandman"), with whom she has three children: Kelly (born 1987), Tyler (born 1989) and Oliver (born 1994). Tyler would feature in ECW's Sandman versus Raven storyline and debuted as a wrestler himself in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9896726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896726" title="UCI Road World Rankings">
UCI Road World Rankings

The UCI Road World Rankings was a men's system of ranking road bicycle racers based upon the results in all UCI-sanctioned races over a twelve-month period. The world rankings were first instituted by the UCI in 1984.
Ranking.
Sean Kelly of Ireland was the first rider to be ranked world number 1 in March 1984 and was the year-end rankings leader for five years from 1984 to 1988 inclusive. The only other rider to come close to Kelly's dominance was Laurent Jalabert who topped the rankings four times, from 1995 to 1997 and again in 1999.
The competition was run in parallel to the UCI Road World Cup, which included 10 UCI races. Both were replaced at the end of the 2004 season with the inauguration of the UCI ProTour and UCI Continental Circuits. A revised version of the ProTour ranking was announced for the 2009 season, renamed UCI World Ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="9896742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896742" title="Kus (god)">
Kus (god)

Kus is a god of herdsmen in Sumerian, Babylonian, and Akkadian mythology. He is identified in the "Theogony of Dunnu".

</doc>
<doc id="9896769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896769" title="Scott Fitzkee">
Scott Fitzkee

Scott Austin Fitzkee (born April 8, 1957 in York, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football wide receiver. He played in both the National Football League (NFL) and United States Football League (USFL) and starred at Penn State University in 1978. In the NFL, he played for the Philadelphia Eagles and San Diego Chargers, and in the USFL, he played for the Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="9896783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896783" title="Caius Bruttius Praesens">
Caius Bruttius Praesens

Caius or Gaius Bruttius Praesens Lucius Fulvius Rusticus (68–140) was an important Roman senator of the reigns of Roman emperors Trajan, Hadrian and Antoninus Pius. A friend of Pliny the Younger and Hadrian, he was twice consul, governed provinces, commanded armies and ended his career as City Prefect of Rome. Bruttius’ life and career left few coherent traces in the literary record, but a number of inscriptions, including his complete "cursus honorum", fills out the picture considerably. 
Pliny, writing to Praesens ("Ep". VII.3) refers to him as a Lucanian and an inscription concerning his son has been found at Volceii in Lucania. His father was presumably Lucius Bruttius Maximus, who was Proconsul of Cyprus in 80 and his mother was a member of the Fulvii Rustici (see gens Fulvius), a senatorial family from Cisalpine Gaul. Praesens was born about 68 as can be inferred by the fact that in 88/89 he was a military tribune in Legio I Minervia, when he led a vexillation from Germania Inferior to Pannonia and earned decorations for service on the Danube in Roman emperor Domitian’s campaigns. Despite this early success his career was retarded thereafter. He served as quaestor in Hispania Baetica (in 92/93 has been suggested), and it may have been at this time that he first became friends with the young Hadrian, but thereafter he retired from public life, perhaps finding it too dangerous in Domitian's murderous last years. Pliny in 107 was urging Praesens not to remain thus on his estates in Campania and Lucania but to return to Rome and the conduct of affairs. His language suggests Praesens was an Epicurean in his tastes and beliefs, something he shared with Hadrian. At this point Praesens was married to a woman from Campania, his first wife, whose name is unknown. She most probably died. Some years later Praesens married as his second wife a rich Roman heiress called Laberia Hostilia Crispina, a daughter of Manius Laberius Maximus, twice consul and a Roman general whom Trajan banished to a penal island. Laberia bore Praesens a son, Lucius Fulvius Gaius Bruttius Praesens Laberius Maximus 'Polyonymus', who became consul in 153 and 180. Through his son, Praesens became the paternal grandfather to future Roman empress Bruttia Crispina, who married the emperor Commodus, and to the consul Lucius Bruttius Quintius Crispinus. 
It seems that Praesens heeded Pliny's advice to take an active part in affairs again. He is next heard of in the winter of 114/115, during Trajan’s Parthian war, commanding Legio VI Ferrata, which according to a fragment of the "Parthica" of Arrian he marched in deep snow (having secured snowshoes from native guides) across the Armenian Taurus to get to Tigranakert. After a spell as curator of the Via Latina, he was legate of Cilicia when Trajan died in that province in 117. The date of his first consulship is not known for certain, but it is widely assumed that Hadrian made him a suffect consul in late 118 or early 119. He was a "novus homo", the first of his family to hold the consulship. Subsequently Bruttius was "Curator operum Publicorum", then governed Cappadocia and Moesia Inferior probably from 121 to 127 or 128. He was Proconsul of Africa in 134/135 and appears to have been governor of Syria in 136 or 137, anomalous for a senior former Proconsul, but perhaps empowered to exercise diplomacy with the Parthians. In a resplendent end to a long career, his second consulship came in 139, as colleague of the new emperor Antoninus Pius, and at the same time he became "Praefectus urbi", in succession to Scipio Salvidienus Orfitus. However Praesens died in this office the following year, as revealed by a fragment of the "Fasti Ostienses" published in 1982. Eusebius of Caesarea and John Malalas both cite a writer called 'Bruttius' or 'Boutios' as a source for events in the reign of Domitian, so it has been speculated that Praesens may have written a history or an autobiography. (The anecdote in Arrian, a close contemporary, could have been from personal knowledge.)

</doc>
<doc id="9896791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896791" title="Bertila of Spoleto">
Bertila of Spoleto

Bertila of Spoleto (c. 860 – December 915) was the wife of Berengar I of Italy, and by marriage Queen consort of Italy and Holy Roman Empress.
She was the daughter of Suppo II (c. 835 – c. 885), and of Bertha (dead by 921). Her paternal grandfather was Adelchis I of Spoleto, second son of Suppo I and father of Suppo II.
She married Berengar c. 880, becoming Queen of Italy in 888. However, her husband lost his throne in the following year to Guy of Spoleto. Berengar began to reassert his power in 896, after the fall of the Spoleto family, and the withdrawal of Emperor Arnulf from the peninsula; however, a defeat by a Magyar army, and the decision by the Italian nobles to appoint Louis of Provence as King of Italy, delayed the King and Queen's formal return to power until 905.
Bertila became Holy Roman Empress, after her husband was crowned Emperor in 915. She died in the December of the same year.
Bertila and Berengar had several children. Their daughter Gisela (882–910) married Adalbert I of Ivrea, who were the parents of Berengar II of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9896795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896795" title="The Rand Daily Mail">
The Rand Daily Mail

The Rand Daily Mail was a Johannesburg daily newspaper with an anti-apartheid editorial stance, which is best known for breaking the news about the apartheid state's Muldergate Scandal in 1979. It also exposed the truth about the death in custody of anti-Apartheid activist Steve Biko, in 1977.
History.
Soon after it was founded in 1902 by Harry Cohen, "The Rand Daily Mail" was bought by mining magnate Abe Bailey.
During the apartheid years, journalists like Benjamin Pogrund reported on political and economic issues affecting black South Africans about which whites were largely ignorant. Pogrund, for example, reported on the Sharpeville massacre of 1960.
In 1963 journalists at the paper wrote about prison conditions, and were the first to report on forced removals.[http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:SNfmrsljMrEJ:www.journalism.co.za/content/view/323/+%22Mervyn+Rees%22%2Brand+daily+mail&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=8&gl=us&client=firefox-a] 
On 3 November 1978 "Rand Daily Mail" journalists Mervyn Rees and Chris Day reported on the use of public funds since 1973 to set up a disinformation network in South Africa and abroad. The money was used in attempts to buy "The Washington Star", and to set up "The Citizen" as a government-controlled counter to "The Rand Daily Mail".
Hounded by the state, the paper's board decided to moderate its content for the sake of attracting more affluent white readers. This strategy led to financial losses and the newspaper was forced to close in 1985, eighty-three years after it was founded.
After its closure, the black newspaper "The Sowetan" described "The Rand Daily Mail" as the first white newspaper to regard blacks as human beings. Yet for most of the apartheid period (1948–1990) the paper suffered from poor management, government infiltration, and state censorship. The management often tried to replace more liberal editors with conservative ones.
After the closure of "The Rand Daily Mail", some of its journalists (like Anton Harber and Irwin Manoim) pooled their severance pay to start the "Weekly Mail" (now "Mail & Guardian"), which carried on the anti-apartheid stance of its predecessor.

</doc>
<doc id="9896799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896799" title="Maryland Route 25">
Maryland Route 25

Maryland Route 25 (MD 25), locally known for nearly its entire length as Falls Road, is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. It begins north of downtown Baltimore, just north of Penn Station, and continues north through Baltimore County almost to the Pennsylvania state line. The road passes through the communities of Hampden, Medfield, Cross Keys, and Mount Washington in the city, and Brooklandville and Butler in Baltimore County. The entire length of MD 25 that uses Falls Road—and its locally maintained continuation north to Alesia—is a Maryland Scenic Byway, named the Falls Road Scenic Byway.
Route description.
City of Baltimore.
MD 25 begins as a one-way pair, Lafayette Street westbound and Lanvale Street eastbound, at the one-way pair comprising MD 2, Calvert Street northbound and St. Paul Street southbound, in the Charles North neighborhood of Baltimore and within the North Central Historic District. Lafayette Street and Lanvale Street head west as two-lane streets and intersects another one-way pair of streets, northbound Charles Street and southbound Maryland Avenue. Within the Charles–Lafayette–Maryland–Lanvale block is a plethora of historic sites: the Hans Schuler Studio and Residence on Lafayette Street, the Charles Theatre and Baltimore City Passenger Railway Power House and Car Barn on Charles Street, and rowhouses comprising the Buildings at 1601-1830 St. Paul Street and 12-20 E. Lafayette Street.
West of Maryland Avenue, Lafayette Street and Lanvale Street merge into Falls Road, which curves northwest and briefly parallels the Amtrak Northeast Corridor, which enters Penn Station to the southeast. As the railroad tracks veer away toward Washington, MD 25 begins to parallel the east side of Jones Falls and the Baltimore Light Rail ine, which is on the west side of the stream, at the southern end of the stream's deep valley. The highway passes underneath Howard Street and North Avenue bridges and by the Baltimore Streetcar Museum buildings and sheds. MD 25 parallels Maryland Transit Administration's Route 25, which comprises the reconstructed streetcar tracks used for streetcar rides from the museum site north under CSX's Baltimore Terminal Subdivision and past the remains of a roundhouse to the Museum's streetcar turning loop just south of the 28th Street and 29th Street's bridges over the Jones Falls valley. MD 25 passes under Wyman Park Drive just south of the former Stieff Silver Company factory building and Mount Vernon Mill No. 1 (recently renovated for apartments and condos), down the hill from the Stone Hill Historic District.
At the southern end of the Hampden neighborhood to the east and the Woodberry community on the western hills, MD 25 ascends from the Jones Falls valley and temporarily expands to a four-lane divided street at its ramps with I-83 (Jones Falls Expressway). The partial interchange, which includes ramps from southbound MD 25 to southbound I-83 and from northbound I-83 to northbound MD 25, is next to the historic home "Evergreen on the Falls" now occupied by the Maryland association of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, (S.P.C.A.). The street becomes undivided and reduces to two lanes at the main street of Hampden, 36th Street or The Avenue. North of 41st Street, MD 25 passes between the neighborhoods of Medfield to the west and Hoes Heights on the east. The highway intersects Cold Spring Lane next to the joint campus of the Baltimore Polytechnic Institute (Baltimore City public high school specializing in math, science, engineering and technology) and the all-girls Western High School and passes between the Village of Cross Keys (an apartment-condo complex with a small shopping center/mall) on the west and the community of Roland Park on the hills above to the east as a four-lane undivided highway. MD 25 intersects Northern Parkway, (built over and segmented with former Belvedere Avenue) then descends again into the Jones Falls valley and passes through the center of Mount Washington. The neighborhood contains the North Baltimore Aquatic Club, where American Olympics team member Michael Phelps trained, and an intersection with Kelly Avenue and its Bridge which connects to the west with the hilly community of Mount Washington, where the highway reduces to two lanes. Here also is the former campus of old Mount Saint Agnes College for women, and its famous "Octagon House", now a corporate campus for several financial and insurance companies), MD 25 leaves the city of Baltimore at its 1919 City Limits just south of West Lake Avenue.
Baltimore to Alesia.
MD 25 enters the Bare Hills Historic District and Bare Hills area of Baltimore County. The state highway crosses over the Baltimore Light Rail line again and the Jones Falls next to the Falls Road station. The station is accessed via unsigned MD 746 (Lakeside Drive), which partially runs underneath MD 25 along the latter highway's overpass on its way to the station parking lot. The state highway ascends from the stream valley and curves northwest between Robert E. Lee Memorial Park (a Baltimore City park located just barely in Baltimore County) with its historic Lake Roland and dam from the old 1860 city waterworks system to the northeast and the Bare Hills House on the southbound side of the highway. MD 25 continues north through a well-forested affluent area between Towson (county seat of Baltimore County to the east and Pikesville to the west with its headquarters for the Maryland State Police. The highway descends to and crosses Jones Falls twice on either side of an underpass of I-83. To the north of the second crossing of the stream, MD 25 has a four-leg intersection with MD 133 (Old Court Road) and Ruxton Road; the latter road has a half-diamond interchange with I-83 that allows access to and from Baltimore. North of MD 133, the highway passes the Rockland Historic District and the historic home "Rockland" in the community of Brooklandville.
MD 25 crosses over I-695 (Baltimore Beltway) then passes "The Cloisters" (former Baltimore City children's museum) and the Brooklandville House before crossing Jones Falls one last time at the east end of the Green Spring Valley as the highway enters Brooklandville. MD 25 has a ramp to the Jones Falls Expressway as the road begins to parallel the expressway. The highway, which is unsigned MD 25A north of I-695, has its northern terminus at an orthogonal intersection with MD 25 and Joppa Road, which heads east toward Towson. MD 25 makes a sharp turn east at the north end of the parallel section, then turns north onto a four-lane divided highway extending north from the freeway. The highway passes through a commercial area to MD 130 (Greenspring Valley Road), north of which the highway becomes two lanes again. At the northern end of Brooklandville, the state highway meets the western end of MD 131 (Seminary Avenue) and passes by the campuses of Maryvale Preparatory School and Episcopal Church twin institutions, St. Paul's School (for boys) and St. Paul's School for Girls, originally founded by Old St. Paul's Church in downtown Baltimore at North Charles and East Saratoga Streets, the area's oldest church, founded 1692. MD 25 continues through the region of estate homes until the highway reaches Shawan Road and Tufton Avenue at the hamlet of Shawan, north of which the landscape shifts to farmland.
MD 25 crosses Western Run and passes through the village of Butler, where the highway meets MD 128 (Butler Road). The highway follows Blackrock Run and Indian Run through a pair of ridges. At the second ridge, MD 25 has a Y intersection with MD 88 (Black Rock Road) at Coopersville. The state highway crosses Blackrock Run again and intersects MD 137 (Mount Carmel Road) at Whitehouse between Hampstead and Hereford. MD 25 reaches its northern terminus at Beckleysville Road west of Beckleysville and Prettyboy Reservoir near the Baltimore–Carroll county line. Falls Road continues northwest for as a county highway into northeastern Carroll County. Just north of its intersection with Hoffmanville Road near Alesia, the highway becomes a narrow gravel road. Falls Road has a grade crossing of CSX's Hanover Subdivision, then becomes a paved road again shortly before its northern terminus at Schalk Road No. 1 near Gunpowder Falls north of Alesia and south of Lineboro near the Maryland–Pennsylvania state line.
History.
Turnpike.
On the December 27, 1791, the Maryland General Assembly authorized Elisha Tyson, William & Charles Jessop, John Ellicott, George Leggett, Robert Long, Jacob Hart, and John Stricker to lay out a road, not to exceed wide, from their flour mill-seats on Jones Falls, then in Baltimore County, southerly to Baltimore Town, thereafter known as the Falls Road. On January 19, 1805, A company known as 'The President, Managers and Company, of the Falls Turnpike Road', more commonly called the 'Falls Turnpike', was incorporated and chartered by the Maryland General Assembly. The company was authorized to build and operate a turnpike road "for the accommodation of the inhabitants on Jones's Falls, and the country adjacent", running from "the ford by Messieurs [William Patterson and Stricker's mill" northerly to "the cross roads by the limekiln of Richard Caton" (Brooklandville). Construction was to begin within two years and finish within five. (Completion was extended to January 1, 1813 by the General Assembly on December 23, 1808.) The law included a statement that "it would be unjust and improper to extend the said turnpike so as to make the same intersect the York-town turnpike...drawing off from said road any portion of the trade that now passes down the said road into Old-town, in the city of Baltimore", but allowed the Falls Turnpike to extend south to the York-town Turnpike (Greenmount Avenue) "at or near a stone bridge opposite the old mill of Josiah Pennington" (Belvidere Street across Jones Falls, just south of Hoffman Street and east of Barclay Street) with the consent of that company. A law passed January 25, 1806 allowed the company to build this extension without the approval of the York-town Turnpike. On December 28, 1812, the General Assembly "confirmed and established" the completed roadway.
According to Richard Caton, whose limekiln was located near the north end of the turnpike, and who was one of the officers of the company, the turnpike was "excepted to unite the trade of the North with Baltimore...in a direct line to Hanover and Carlisle." This extension was delayed by what Caton thought was a desire to keep the Baltimore and Reister's-town Turnpike's monopoly. A public road extending from Brooklandville north-northwesterly to George Kerlinger's Mill on Gunpowder Falls - near but not on the Pennsylvania state line - was authorized by a state law passed December 24, 1808. The Falls Turnpike began building the road, but lacked funds to complete it, and another law passed January 15, 1817 allowed the company to increase their capitalization and to charge tolls for travel on the extension. On March 12, 1828, the General Assembly ordered the company to, within six months, return this extension to the county for use as a free public road, and the turnpike was thus cut back to Brooklandville.
The turnpike began at the intersection of Cathedral Street and Howard Street (now the diagonal portion of Chase Street, intersecting Cathedral Street about half a block south of Biddle Street). It proceeded north on Cathedral Street, crossing Jones Falls a bit north of North Avenue to the current Falls Road. After North Avenue was built, the turnpike was separated from Cathedral Avenue, ending at North Avenue east of Jones Falls.
The description of allowed rates of toll given in the legislative charter are lengthy, and specify that, for instance, a horse and rider shall be charged 6.25 cents, and a two-horse stagecoach 25 cents, for the entire distance, and a smaller amount in proportion to the distance traveled. Five miles were completed by 1811, allowing the company to erect a toll gate; a second gate had been placed by 1819. Due to the impossibility of determining how far a customer had traveled, the Baltimore County Court allowed the company to charge a full toll for passing over any part of the road. The southern toll gate was located one to two blocks north of North Avenue at the bridge over Jones Falls, and the other was several miles north, near Cross Keys.
State highway.
Falls Road was paved in macadam as a state-aid road—the road was designed by the Highway Division of the Maryland Geological Survey and paved by the county with equal financial support by the state and county—from Kelly Avenue in Mount Washington to Padonia Road by 1910. The highway was paved as a -wide vitrified brick state road—the road was designed by the Maryland State Roads Commission and its construction fully financed by the state—from 36th Avenue in Hampden north to the contemporary city limits at Roland Heights Avenue in Medfield in 1911. Falls Road from Roland Heights Avenue north to Kelly Avenue in Mount Washington was paved with a -wide vitrified brick surface in 1912.
By 1921, Falls Road had been surfaced in macadam from Padonia Road to Ridge Road south of Shawan and then in concrete the remaining distance to Shawan. That same year, the Maryland State Roads Commission planned to reconstruct Falls Road in Baltimore from 36th Street south to North Avenue; that stretch was paved with concrete by 1923. The portion of Falls Road from Butler to Whitehouse, which was then known as Blackrock, was planned as part of an extension of Park Heights Avenue via Butler Road and other highways east of Reisterstown as early as 1910 and as late as 1921. Starting in 1924, Falls Road was paved with concrete north from Shawan. The improved road reached a spot north of Butler by 1927 and to Whitehouse in 1928. The concrete highway was extended to Gunpowder Road in 1930 and to its present terminus at Beckleysville Road by 1933.
MD 25 was one of the original state-numbered highway designation assigned by the Maryland State Roads Commission in 1927. By 1930, the Baltimore–Shawan portion of the highway had been widened to a minimum width of . Shortly after 1930, work began on a bridge over the Northern Central Railroad, whose right-of-way is now followed by the Baltimore Light Rail, at Bare Hills; this structure was completed by 1934. MD 25's southern terminus was Charles Street by 1934 and MD 2 by 1956. The state highway's only major relocation was in 1962 and 1963 when the northern stub of the Jones Falls Expressway, now MD 25A, and the associated four-lane divided section of MD 25 in Brooklandville were constructed. With the completion of the Jones Falls Expressway, I-83 became the main highway from the north into downtown Baltimore and MD 25 was relegated to a local thoroughfare. MD 25 was closed for several months for the replacement of the highway's bridges over the Baltimore Light Rail and Jones Falls at Bare Hills in 1991 and over I-695 near Brooklandville in 1996.
Auxiliary route.
MD 25A is the designation for the portion of the Jones Falls Expressway north of the Baltimore Beltway in Brooklandville. The highway begins at the interchange between the Jones Falls Expressway and the Baltimore Beltway, which is a cloverleaf interchange with a flyover ramp for the transfer of southbound I-83 from the east–west beltway to the north–south expressway. The Jones Falls Expressway continues south as I-83 into Baltimore. The Baltimore Beltway carries I-695 west toward Pikesville and both I-83 and I-695 east toward Towson, where I-83 splits north toward York. The four-lane freeway ends at a four-leg intersection with MD 25 (Falls Road) and Joppa Road. Joppa Road heads east toward Towson; MD 25 heads south as a two-lane road from the west leg of the intersection and north as a short four-lane divided highway continuation of the expressway. The only intermediate junction on MD 25A is a direct ramp from MD 25 to southbound MD 25A at the southern point of where the two highways run parallel.

</doc>
<doc id="9896805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896805" title="Markov perfect equilibrium">
Markov perfect equilibrium

A Markov perfect equilibrium is an equilibrium concept in game theory. It is the refinement of the concept of subgame perfect equilibrium to extensive form games for which a pay-off relevant state space can be readily identified. The term appeared in publications starting about 1988 in the work of economists Jean Tirole and Eric Maskin. It has since been used, among else, in the analysis of industrial organization, macroeconomics and political economy.
Definition.
In extensive form games, and specifically in stochastic games, a Markov perfect equilibrium is a set of mixed strategies for each of the players which satisfy the following criteria:
Focus on symmetric equilibria.
In symmetric games, when the players have strategy and action sets which are mirror images of one another, often the analysis focuses on symmetric equilibria, where all players play the same mixed strategy. As in the rest of game theory, this is done both because these are easier to find analytically and because they are perceived to be stronger focal points than a-symmetric equilibria.
Lack of robustness.
Markov perfect equilibria are not stable with respect to small changes in the game itself. A small change in payoffs can cause a large change in the set of Markov perfect equilibria. This is because a state with a tiny effect on payoffs can be used to carry signals, but if its payoff difference from any other state drops to zero, it must be merged with it, eliminating the possibility of using it to carry signals.
Industrial organization extended example.
As an example of the use of this equilibrium concept we consider the competition between firms which had invested heavily into fixed costs and are dominant producers in an industry, forming an oligopoly. The players are taken to be committed to levels of production capacity in the short run, and the strategies describe their decisions in setting prices. The firms' objectives are modeled as maximizing the present discounted value of profits.
Airfare game.
Often an airplane ticket for a certain route has the same price on either airline A or airline B. Presumably, the two airlines do not have exactly the same costs, nor do they face the same demand function given their varying frequent-flyer programs, the different connections their passengers will make, and so forth. Thus, a realistic general equilibrium model would be unlikely to result in nearly identical prices. 
Both airlines have made sunk investments into the equipment, personnel, and legal framework. In the near term we may think of them as committed to offering service. We therefore see that they are engaged, or trapped, in a "strategic game" with one another when setting prices.
Equilibrium.
Consider the following strategy of an airline for setting the ticket price for a certain route. At every price-setting opportunity:
This is a Markov strategy because it does not depend on a history of past observations. It satisfies also the "Markov reaction function" definition because it does not depend on other information which is irrelevant to revenues and profits.
Assume now that both airlines follow this strategy exactly. Assume further that passengers always choose the cheapest flight and so if the airlines charge different prices, the one charging the higher price gets zero passengers. Then if each airline assumes that the other airline will follow this strategy, there is no higher-payoff alternative strategy for itself, i.e. it is playing a best response to the other airline strategy. If both airlines followed this strategy, it would form a Nash equilibrium in every proper subgame, thus a subgame-perfect Nash equilibrium.
Discussion.
The purpose of studying this model in the context of the airline industry is not to claim that airlines follow exactly these strategies. Rather, it is used to explain the observation that airlines often charge exactly the same price, even though a general equilibrium model specifying non-perfect substitutability would generally not provide such a result. The equilibrium concept of a Markov perfect equilibrium helps to shed light on what may be the cause of tacit collusion in an oligopoly setting. 
One strength of an explicit game-theoretical framework is that it allows us to make predictions about the behaviors of the airlines if and when the equal-price outcome breaks down, and interpreting and examining these price wars in light of different equilibrium concepts. In contrasting to another equilibrium concept, Maskin and Tirole identify an empirical attribute of such price wars: in a Markov strategy price war, "a firm cuts its price not to punish its competitor, only to regain market share" whereas in a general repeated game framework a price cut may be a punishment to the other player. The authors claim that the market share justification is closer to the empirical account than the punishment justification, and so the Markov perfect equilibrium concept proves more informative, in this case.

</doc>
<doc id="9896821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896821" title="Karis railway station">
Karis railway station

Karis (Swedish) or Karjaa (Finnish) is a railway station in the town of Raseborg (Raasepori) in the Uusimaa region, Finland. The station is located along the track between Helsinki and Turku, and serves as a connection point between three different tracks: the main track between Helsinki and Turku, a branch track to the city of Hanko, and a former privately owned track between Karis and Hyvinkää, currently largely disused.
The Karis railway station is located 87 km west from the Helsinki Central railway station, and all passenger trains between Helsinki and Turku stop there. The station is also the westernmost terminus of Helsinki commuter rail. It also serves cargo traffic.
History.
The Karis railway station was originally founded to serve a privately owned track between Hanko and Hyvinkää, and taken into use in 1873. After a few years, the privately owned track had only made a loss, and the station was transferred over to the Finnish state.
The station became a crossing point in 1899, when the track between Karis and Turku was opened. The track between Karis and Pasila was opened in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="9896858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896858" title="Brussels Coin Cabinet">
Brussels Coin Cabinet

The history of the Brussels Coin Cabinet starts on 8 August 1835. At that time it was part of the "Musée d'armes anciennes, d'armures, d'objets d'art et de numismatique". Three years later the cabinet was integrated in the Royal Library of Belgium.
Collections.
Over the years purchases and gifts have expanded the size of the cabinet.
1899 the cabinet buys the collection of Albéric du Chastel. It consists of approx. 800 Greek and Roman pieces. Some of these are rare, for instance the aureus of Uranius Antoninus.
One year later it obtains its most precious gift. After the death of big time collector Lucien de Hirsch, his mother gives his collection to the Belgium State. The biggest treasure of this collection is without doubt the tetradrachm of Aetna, supposedly the most valuable item in the entire field of numismatics whatever the period or the place of striking.
In 1904 the cabinet is again enlarged with a big collection. With the H. Surmont de Volsberghe collection the cabinet gains many hundreds coins, medallions, decorations and jetons.
In 1924 the Cabinet shares with the University Foundation the collection of count B. de Jonghe. Soon after this transaction, the foundation handed its part over to the cabinet.
In 1971 the National Bank of Belgium made the cabinet gatekeeper of the 'treasure of Liberchies' (hundreds of Roman aurei).
1976 addition of 5.549 pieces via the collection of Dom Grégoire De Clercq.
More recent gifts are the collections of Claude Roelandt and Zéphyr Henin.

</doc>
<doc id="9896870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896870" title="Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula">
Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula

This is a list of the Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian peninsula (the Roman Hispania, i. e., modern Portugal, Spain and Andorra). Some closely fit the concept of a people, ethnic group or tribe. Others are confederations or even unions of tribes.

</doc>
<doc id="9896902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896902" title="Lugal-Irra">
Lugal-Irra

Lugal-Irra is a Sumerian, Babylonian, and Akkadian god, probably a minor variation of Erra, the Babylonian plague god. The prefix Lugal means "lord". He is often coupled with Meslamtaea, the god of war.

</doc>
<doc id="9896906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896906" title="Whatever You Need">
Whatever You Need

"Whatever You Need" is a song by American recording artist Tina Turner. It was written by Russ Courtenay and Harriet Roberts and released as the second single from Turner's 1999 "Twenty Four Seven" album in 2000. 
Although less successful commercially than her previous release "When the Heartache Is Over," the song managed to reach number eleven in Finland and number 27 on the UK Singles Chart. The cd singles released included live recordings of some of Turner's biggest hits from her 60th birthday celebration in London in November 1999 such as "The Best", "River Deep - Mountain High", "What's Love Got to Do with It" and "Steamy Windows", later released on the DVD "Celebrate! - 60th Birthday Special".
The accompanying music video, directed by Jake Nava, features Turner walking through a tunnel in a leather jacket and jeans and then she sits on some steps singing and some teenagers stop what they are doing and sit with her, singing along.

</doc>
<doc id="9896912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896912" title="Deering Harvester Company">
Deering Harvester Company

Deering Harvester Company was founded in 1874 by William Deering. In 1902, Deering Harvester Company and McCormick Harvesting Machine Company, along with three smaller agricultural equipment firms (Milwaukee, Plano, and Warder, Bushnell & Glessner — manufacturers of Champion brand) merged to create the International Harvester Company which is still in operation today as the Case IH operations of CNH Global.
Later William's sons, Charles Deering and James Deering, took ownership of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="9896922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896922" title=".280 Ross">
.280 Ross

The .280 Ross, also known as the .280 Nitro, .280 Rimless Nitro Express Ross (CIP) and .280 Rimless cartridge, is an approximately 7mm bullet diameter rifle round developed in Canada by F.W. Jones as a consultant to Sir Charles Ross, 9th Baronet, and his Ross Rifle Company of Quebec, Canada for use as a Canadian military cartridge as a replacement for the .303 British, and in a civilianised and sporterised version of his controversial Mark II and Mk III Ross rifle, and first commercially produced by Eley Brothers of London, England, in late 1907.
History.
The .280 Ross was the first practical cartridge to reach the edge of 3,000 ft/s (910 m/s). Sir Charles Ross did many attempts while in the process of creating the "perfect cartridge", one of them leading to the creation of the .28-1906 in November 1906.
Ross also tried to convince the British War Department to adopt the .280 Ross (and his rifle) as the new service cartridge, but World War I came along and dashed his hopes. 
The .280 also paved the way for Sir Charles' newly designed bullets such "Full Metal Patch" and "Metal Covered Hollow Point". The Ross Mk III rifle was especially developed to handle the .280. The .280 (and the Ross Rifle) won the famous Bisley international matches in 1908, 1912 and 1913 (King's Prize) plus many other prizes in different competitions on both sides of the Atlantic.
Performance.
Firing a bullet at a muzzle velocity of , the new cartridge qualified for the contemporary designation "magnum". It was used as a military sniper's cartridge, in addition to achieving some celebrity as an African plains game cartridge in the years immediately following the First World War. However the large capacity case was capable of moving the bullets available at that time faster than would be desirable for reliable expansion, causing them to fragment rather than penetrate properly.
Ballistically, the .280 Ross cartridge's performance was broadly comparable to that of the more modern .280 Remington / 7mm Express Remington and 7×64mm. It also works well on most North American game when used with an appropriate bullet.
As a commercially manufactured item this cartridge has been obsolete for some years, because of the inappropriate bullets often used in it originally, as well as problems associated with the Ross rifle that it was normally chambered in. Handloaders continue to load successfully for it, by removing the belt from 7mm Remington Magnum or .300 Holland & Holland before resizing or by using swaged and necked-down .300 Remington Ultra Magnum cases and bullets more suitable for its high velocity. The German round .280 Halger Magnum is based on the .280 Ross case. Load references can be found in the September/October 1973 issue of the Handloader Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9896928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896928" title="Sar (river)">
Sar (river)

The Sar is a river in Galicia, Spain. Rising near Santiago de Compostela, it flows through the A Maía valley for over 30 km. before entering the Ulla River, near Padron.
Pomponius Mela (d. 45 AD) mentions it ("Sars") in "De situ orbis libri III". Galician local poet Rosalia de Castro wrote a well-known collection titled "En las Orillas del Sar" ("On the Banks of the Sar"), in Castilian Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="9896940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896940" title="Signal Zero">
Signal Zero

Signal Zero was a West Palm Beach, Florida based cover band.
It emerged from a brainstorm session of Nat "DrumMan" Barouch & Rick Curley in 1993. They initially called the band Higher Ground and Dante Catt and Gary Curto came aboard. After several other bands named "Higher Ground" surfaced, they held a name contest, with Gary's entry, "Signal Zero" emerging as the eventual winner.
With 4-part vocals and musical authority, Higher Ground toured across the state of Florida with powerhouse sets of classic and current rock, and was nominated "Best Circuit Band" in the 1994 Jammie Awards.
Under Nat's management and promotion, Higher Ground also maintained a popular original project. Their first release, the 14-song "Breaking Through", was a live-to-DAT recording which sold thousands of copies locally. In addition to headlining several shows, they supported such acts as Foghat, Rich Derringer, Pat Travers, and Stranger. Higher Ground went on to record and shoot video at Full Sail Center for the Recording Arts in Orlando, Florida.
In late 1995, they changed their name to "Signal Zero" (police code for "Armed, approach with caution"!) and adopted a harder, more raunchy style. Soon after that, Gary & Rick left the band to pursue other goals and Signal Zero became a power trio with the addition of Berklee-educated Guitarist/Singer/Songwriter Gary Schutt.
1997 saw the three members of Signal Zero, along with guests/alumni Rick Curley and Gary Curto, record Dante Catt's solo effort, "Curiosity Kills", a 10-song album which went on to sell well in South Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9896949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896949" title="Boxing at the 1951 Pan American Games">
Boxing at the 1951 Pan American Games

The Men's Boxing Tournament at the 1951 Pan American Games was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina, from February 25 to March 8, with the hosting nation winning in all eight weight divisions.
Medal winners.
<br>
Medal table.
<br>
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9896950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896950" title="Van Dyke's salamander">
Van Dyke's salamander

Van Dyke's salamander, Plethodon vandykei, is a salamander in the order Caudata and the family Plethodontidae. Recently, the species has been used in research to find out about the geomorphic conditions in Washington.
Description.
Van Dyke's salamander grows up to 6.2 cm long, and has large parotid glands on either side of its head. This salamander usually has a dark-colored belly that may have white flecks across it. Several different colour patterns or "phases" have been observed; yellow/orange, rose/salmon pink, and yellow-striped with black sides. These differences in colouration are believed to be due to variations in the climate. The adult males' yellow throat markings are used in courtship. The species is most active at night when conditions are moist and above freezing.
Identification.
Van Dyke's salamander has 14 costal grooves. They also have one-half to three costal folds between the toes of their adpressed limbs. These salamanders have the nasolabial grooves of lungless salamanders. The dorsal stripe on Van Dyke's salamander appears to have drops of color extending down the sides. The presence of parotoid glands also sets Van Dyke's salamander apart from other salamanders. They also lack constriction at the base of their tails, which distinguishes them from "Ensatina".
Habitat.
Like most terrestrial salamanders, Van Dyke's salamander lives near lakes, rivers, and streams under various objects, such as rocks, logs, and bark. Salamanders' habitat range from wide-open lowlands to heavily wooded mountains. They lay their eggs in the woods.
Distribution.
The species is endemic to the western portion of Washington, northern Idaho, and northwestern Montana in the USA. It is predominantly located in hilly or mountainous regions, such as the Olympic Hills, the Willapa Hills and the Cascade Mountains.
Behavior.
Van Dyke's salamanders are most active after the snow melts in the spring, before the high temperatures of the summer season set in, and in the rainy portion of the fall season, before the cold temperature hits. The species is sometimes active during the hot summer months, but only if it lives in a particularly wet habitat.
Reproduction.
Van Dyke's salamanders lay eggs in small clusters, usually within cavities in decaying bark. The female attends the eggs until development is complete. The eggs hatch into fully developed small salamanders. Eggs are usually laid in the spring and the females guard them during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="9896963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896963" title="Tereshchenko">
Tereshchenko

Tereshchenko (; ) is a surname of Ukrainian origin. It originates from the name Teresh () through an addition of the Ukrainian paternal suffix "-enko".
People.
Tereshchenko or Terestchenko family.
Of a prominent Tereshchenko family of Ukrainian entrepreneurs and philanthropists. The following is an approximate family tree: 

</doc>
<doc id="9896988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896988" title="North Down (Assembly constituency)">
North Down (Assembly constituency)

North Down is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the North Down UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see North Down (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from North Down. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. North Down elected 8 members as follows:
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The seven members elected from North Down were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The seven members elected from North Down were:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9896995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896995" title="Automat Pictures">
Automat Pictures

Automat Pictures is an entertainment production company based in Los Angeles, which specializes in EPK, Blu-ray and DVD formats, as well original television programming, web content and independent feature film production. 
Founded by President & CEO Jeffrey Schwarz in 2000, Automat has contributed content on over 100 major studio releases including "Footloose", "Up in the Air", Sex and the City, "17 Again", "Hairspray", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Blue Velvet", "Elf", "Final Destination", "Goodfellas", "Philadelphia", "Psycho", "Resident Evil", "Rent", "Snakes on a Plane", and many more. The company has worked with directors such as Martin Scorsese, David Lynch, Jonathan Demme, Ron Howard, Sam Mendes, Wes Craven, Rob Reiner, Joe Dante, Barry Sonnenfeld, Paul Verhoeven, John Carpenter, Chris Columbus, Sidney Lumet, and the Coen Brothers. Automat also produced featurettes for the 2010 Academy Awards, supervised by producers Bill Mechanic and Adam Shankman.
Automat Pictures also produces original television programming. Under the HBO First Look banner, the company has contributed episodes profiling such films as "Going the Distance", "Hairspray", "Fracture", "Jarhead", and "Son of the Mask". For Starz, Automat created the original documentaries "Sex and the Cinema", "In the Gutter", "Shooting the Police: Cops on Film" and "Hitchcocked!" "Reservoir Dogs Revisited", a celebration of Quentin Tarantino’s classic, and "Still Swingin'", were both produced for IFC in 2005. Automat also produced several TV commercial spots for the Sundance Channel featuring comedian Donal Logue.
Automat's first independent documentary, "Spine Tingler! The William Castle Story", featuring film producer and director William Castle, won the Audience Award at the American Film Institute’s AFI Fest in 2007, and won multiple awards around the country. It was released on DVD by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment in 2009. "", produced in 2008, about adult film star Jack Wrangler, was released on DVD by TLA Entertainment and had its national television debut on the LOGO Network. 
Automat’s also released HBO Documentary Films’ "Vito", about the activist and author of The Celluloid Closet, Vito Russo. It had its premiere at the New York Film Festival in October, 2011, went on to screen within such festivals as Maryland Film Festival, and aired on HBO in July 2012.
The company released "I Am Divine", a documentary about the drag queen Divine. The company is producing the documentary "Tab Hunter Confidential".

</doc>
<doc id="9896998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9896998" title="South Down (Assembly constituency)">
South Down (Assembly constituency)

South Down is an electoral constituency for the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly in 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the South Down UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
Some of the most high-profile MLA's for the constituency include Caitríona Ruane, Margaret Ritchie, and John McCallister.
For further details on the history and boundaries of the constituency, see South Down (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from South Down. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. South Down elected seven members as follows:
Raymond McCullough died in 1985 and the resulting by-election, on 17 October 1985, was won by Jeffrey Donaldson, also Ulster Unionist Party.
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The seven members elected from South Down were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The seven members elected from South Down were:
Elections.
Northern Ireland Assembly.
The Quota was 5961 in 2011.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9897008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897008" title="Shara (god)">
Shara (god)

In Sumerian mythology Shara (also transcribed Šara) is a minor god of war, mainly identified with the city of Umma, north-east of Unug (Uruk). He is identified in some texts as the son of Inana (Ishtar).

</doc>
<doc id="9897045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897045" title="Erasmus Stourton">
Erasmus Stourton

Erasmus Stourton (1603, Narborough, Leicestershire, England – November 1658, Walesby, Lincolnshire, England) was a clergyman and early settler to the Colony of Avalon, Newfoundland in 1627. He is known as one of the earliest Anglican clergyman to come to Newfoundland.
Stourton matriculated from St John's College, Cambridge, in 1619 at the age of sixteen and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1623. He was ordained September 1625 and in 1627 received his MA. Stourton went to Newfoundland in 1627 as chaplain for the Sir George Calvert's colonists at Ferryland. Both he and Calvert did not see eye-to-eye on many things and was consequently banned from the colony in 1628 on Calvert's orders. Calvert calls him "an audacious man, a narrow-minded sectary, and a troublesome meddlesome busy-body". On his return to England, he had complained to the Privy Council to no avail.
Stourton became chaplain to Christopher Villiers, Earl of Anglesey, and rector of Walesby in Lincolnshire from 1631 to 1658.

</doc>
<doc id="9897061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897061" title="A Grand Night for Singing">
A Grand Night for Singing

A Grand Night for Singing is a musical revue showcasing the music of Richard Rodgers and the lyrics of Oscar Hammerstein II.
Featuring songs from such lesser-known works as "Allegro", "Me and Juliet", "State Fair", and "Pipe Dream", modest successes like "Flower Drum Song" and hits like "Carousel", "Oklahoma!", "The King and I", "South Pacific", "Cinderella" and "The Sound of Music", it originally was presented cabaret-style at Rainbow & Stars at the top of Rockefeller Center.
After 41 previews, the Broadway production, directed by Walter Bobbie (who wrote the minimal book linking the tunes) and choreographed by Pamela Sousa, with vocal arrangements by Fred Wells and orchestrations by Michael Gibson and Jonathan Tunick, opened on November 17, 1993 at the Criterion Center Stage Right, where it ran for 52 performances. Victoria Clark, Jason Graae, Alyson Reed, Martin Vidnovic, and Lynne Wintersteller comprised the cast. Martin Vidnovic is replaced by Gregg Edelman in the cast recording, and some later performances.
It was nominated for two Tony Awards, for Best Musical and Best Book of a Musical, and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revue.
An original cast recording was released by Varèse Sarabande. 

</doc>
<doc id="9897069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897069" title="Université FC de Ngaoundéré">
Université FC de Ngaoundéré

Université FC are a football (soccer) club based in Ngaoundéré, Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="9897083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897083" title="Milford Mill Road">
Milford Mill Road

Milford Mill Road, Slade Avenue, and Smith Avenue are a long road mostly in Baltimore County, Maryland that runs through Milford Mill and Pikesville in the suburbs of Baltimore. The road starts out at the light rail stop in historic Mt. Washington Village in Baltimore city as "Smith Avenue", and continues through Pikesville up to Seven Mile Lane before its name changes to Slade Avenue, and the road widens to four lanes. The road is known as "Slade Avenue" until Reisterstown Road, and from there, its name becomes "Milford Mill Road" until it dead-ends one block south of Rolling Road in an area known as Windsor Mill. It is one of the most heavily used routes in the northwest suburbs of Baltimore, as it is used for cross-county travel by motorists between the Pikesville and Randallstown areas.
History of the Road.
At one time, each road with its own name was a separate road, and they did not connect. A small section of Slade Avenue, which still independently exists today, ran from Seven Mile Lane parallel to Smith Avenue, then curved into Smith. This was prior to construction of the four-lane Slade Avenue that runs into Smith.
At this time, Milford Mill Road was a separate road off Reisterstown Road in the Colonial Village area, and it began two blocks south of the intersection of Reisterstown and Slade.
In 1987, in conjunction with the construction of the Milford Mill Metro Subway Station, parts of Milford Mill Road were relocated in order to provide better access to this station, and Slade/Milford Mill became a single road.
A new overpass was constructed over the Western Maryland Railway where the Metro Subway would eventually run, and a new section was built that would merge into the old part of Slade Avenue. In order to make way for this new segment, several buildings of an apartment complex, then known as the Warren Park Apartments, and currently identified as the Milford Station Apartments, had to be demolished.
A segment of the older portion of Milford Mill Road that runs parallel was renamed to Old Milford Mill Road, and a segment between the railroad and what eventually was named Roman Frasier Drive (current entrance road to the subway) was demolished, and the station was built on that land.
An older segment of Slade west of Reisterstown Road, which was home to several houses, condos, and office buildings, was made into a turn off Milford Mill Road.
In Mt. Washington, a separate stub of Smith Avenue exists that can be accessed from Falls Road. Prior to the construction of I-83, this was part of the longer Smith Avenue. The area around this stub is filled with much commercial development, including Meadowbrook Swim Club, which is well known as the location where Michael Phelps swims, and the now-defunct Northwest Ice Rink, that along with Meadowbrook, Phelps is rumored in a plan to purchase.
Name.
Milford Mill Road is given its name from an old mill once located on the road, which dates back to 1728. Slade Avenue was named in honor of William A. Slade, a former Baltimore County sheriff and postmaster. Smith Avenue, which was laid out in 1860 along the south side of "Wellwood", was named after Joseph Smith.
The area where the road intersects with Liberty Road has often been referred to as "Milford Mill," but is really called "Milford."
Landmarks and Communities along road.
On Milford Mill Road
On Old Milford Mill Road
On Slade Avenue
On Smith Avenue
Public transportation.
Public transportation is available on all parts of Milford Mill Road and on parts of Slade and Smith Avenues, provided by the Maryland Transit Administration.
The best-known transit along this road is the Milford Mill Metro Subway Station in Pikesville. Construction on this station, which is used by hundreds of commuters each day, was completed in 1987.
Between Park Heights Avenue and Liberty Road, Route 54 operates every 10–30 minutes. About half of these trips operate between Park Heights Avenue and the Metro station only.
Route 52 reaches the intersection of Milford Mill and Liberty Roads, then loops using a single block of Milford Mill Road.
Between Rolling Road and Liberty Road, Route 77 operates. This line runs between the Old Court Metro Subway Station and the Patapsco Light Rail Stop, traveling along the west side of Baltimore County.
On Smith Avenue between Sanzo Road and Mt. Washington, bus service is available on Route 60. Route 58 also serves a portion of this section. In Mt. Washington, where Smith Avenue begins (and it is one way for the first block) is a stop on the Central Light Rail. Due to the small size of the streets in the area, buses do not actually enter the light rail station parking lot, and those wishing to transfer must walk a block.

</doc>
<doc id="9897099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897099" title="History of the Jews in Antwerp">
History of the Jews in Antwerp

The history of the Jews in Antwerp, Belgium goes back at least eight hundred years. Currently, the Jewish community of Antwerp consists of around 15,000.
History.
The first Jewish presence in Antwerp is attested to by the will of Henry III, the Duke of Brabant and Margrave of Antwerp, who in 1261 expressed his wish that the Jews of Brabant should be expelled and destroyed because they were all considered "usurers".
In the mid 14th century, John III, the Duke of Brabant, conducted a massive anti-Jewish campaign in Brussels and Leuven and drove them from the city.
A new group of Jewish immigrants started to settle in Antwerp in the early 16th century, when the city became a relatively safe haven for crypto-Jews fleeing the persecutions and the expulsions in the Iberian Peninsula. An often tenuous presence was maintained for the next century and a half, although Jews were not allowed to acquire citizenship and persecution was common.
It was not until 1794 and with the arrival of the French Revolution that Jews could settle freely in Antwerp for the first time. The current Jewish community of Antwerp was officially established in 1816, when there were about one hundred Jews living in the city. This, the first legally recognized community, was known as the Jewish Community (Communauté Israelite). The first Jewish public prayers were held in the private home of Moise Kreyn, having received the approval of the city authorities. The Jews of Antwerp acquired possession of a cemetery in 1828. There were 151 Jews living in Antwerp in 1829.
During the Second World War, 65% of the city Jews perished in the Holocaust (vs. only 35% of Jews from Brussels). On April 14, 1941, the so-called "Antwerp Pogrom" occurred when some 200 Flemish Nazi supporters burned two synagogues in the Oosten straat. In May–September 1942, some 1500 Jewish men from Antwerp were taken into forced labor in Northern France, building the "Atlantic Wall" for the Todt organisation. From the end of July until November 1942, on three different occasions, Jews in Antwerp were rounded up by the Germans with the collaboration of the local police. From a community of around 35,000 Jews in Antwerp before the war, some 15,000 remained in the city after 1945.
Present.
The Jewish community of Antwerp consists of around 15,000 members. The majority of residents identifying themselves as Jewish belong to traditional or Orthodox communities, although levels of religious practice vary. The Haredi, or ultra-orthodox Jews, traditionally tend to live concentrated in the city center in an area close to the Antwerp Central railway station. This neighborhood is also sometimes known as "Jewish Antwerp" (). Its main attraction is its close proximity to the diamond bourse, where in earlier days a large part of the community worked. It is also where the Jewish schools, kosher food outlets, and general Jewish amenities are located.
In recent years many of the younger generation of secular Jews have moved away from the crowded city center. There has also been small but steady growth of Orthodox satellite communities in suburbs such as Edegem, Wilrijk and Brasschaat. This may cause the Antwerp community to seem overwhelmingly Haredi to the casual observer. After New York, London and Paris, Antwerp is one of the largest communities of Haredi Jews outside Israel.
The prominently-ashkenazi religious community is represented by two religious councils, known as kehillas:
The late Rabbi Chaim Kreiswirth, was the Chief Rabbi of the Machzikei Hadass kehilla for many years and was widely regarded as a pre-eminent scholar of Talmud. He died in 2003 and was replaced by Rabbi Rubinstein of Israel, who died a few months after being nominated to the post. Since December 2010, the position has been filled by Rabbi Aaron Schiff, who is a scion of Rabbi Elimelech of Lizhensk, founder of the eponymous Chassidic dynasty. Rabbi Schiff, a follower of the current Grand Rabbi of Belz (Hasidic dynasty), Rabbi Yissachar Dov Rokeach, is an alumnus of the Erlau yeshiva in Jerusalem and was previously the Rabbi of the local Alexander synagogue. 
An essential difference between these two organizations is apparent in the Shomrei Hadas' alignment with religious Zionist doctrine, which the Machzikei Hadass rejects.
Hasidic Jews.
Hasidic movements represented in Antwerp include:
The Pshevorsk movement is the only internationally recognized hassidic movement based in Antwerp. The Pshevorsker Rebbe, Rabbi Leibish Leiser, lives in Antwerp, as did his predecessors. Pshevorsker Hasidim live mainly in Antwerp, London, and Manchester; on Jewish holidays many come to Antwerp to see their rebbe.
There are also other Hasidic rebbes in Antwerp, including a Spinka Rebbe and a Zhemigrader Rebbe. These groups have rebbes in other locations as well.
Non-Hasidic Jews.
Although the Jews not aligned to any Hasidic group probably no longer greatly outnumber the Hasidim, they have a substantial presence. The three major synagogues in Antwerp, known locally by their addresses, The Van Den Nestlei and the Bouwmeesterstraat (pictured above) shuls of the Shomre Hadass and the Oostenstraat shul, are not aligned to any Hasidic movement.
There is a small Lithuanian Jewish community. Furthermore, there are organisations of Georgian Jews, a Sephardic synagogue, and non-religious Jewish organizations.
Eruv.
As in other cities with large Jewish communities, Antwerp is surrounded by a wire called "eruv" (Eiroew in Dutch). In contrast to the eruvs in New York or other large cities, the Antwerp eruv surrounds the whole city center. The presence of this eruv allows Jews to interpret the city as one big house, making it easier to avoid breaking some Sabbath regulations within it. The wire constituting the eruv can be found close to the Singel at a height of 6 meters, and at the entrance of the Diamond district.
Schools.
A number of Jewish schools are found throughout the Jewish district (95% of the Jewish children of Antwerp receive a religious education). The three main Jewish schools in Antwerp are the Yesode Hatora of the Machsike Hadas, and the Yavne and Tachkemoni schools of the Shomre Hadas.
The Yesode Hatora - Beth Jacob population is composed primarily of students from Hasidic, Haredi, and Orthodox backgrounds. It provides instruction in religious as well as secular studies: students follow a dual curriculum starting in pre-school/kindergarten, through primary school and secondary school. Established in 1903, it is the oldest of Antwerp's Jewish schools and has the highest population of Jewish students. Students are educated in accordance with the values of Orthodox Judaism and fulfill the educational requirements of the Belgian Ministry of Education. The student population is separated by gender; male students attend Yesode Hatora and female students attend Beth Jacob. In accordance with the religious ideology that puts little value on secular learning, the school actively discourages the pursuit of secular higher education.
The Yavne school is aligned with the religious Zionist movement. Similar to Yesode Hatora/Beth Jacob, the Yavne school follows a dual curriculum composed of religious and secular studies. Students are educated in accordance with the values of religious Zionism and fulfill the educational requirements of the Belgian Ministry of Education. The school is not mixed; male students attend the Yeshiva Tichonit and females the Ulpena Lebanot. An estimated 98% of Yavne students typically emigrate to Israel (commonly referred to in Jewish communities as "making aliya") within one year of graduation from secondary school. In recent years, far-reaching improvements have been achieved in the secular curriculum. Religious instruction also adheres to high standards and a widely developed curriculum.
The Tachkemoni is a fully co-educational school, attracting students from primarily secular Jewish backgrounds and some modern-orthodox families. Its high level of Hebrew and serious preparation for the Jerusalem Examination (Bechina Yerushalmit) administered by the Jewish Agency and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem makes it one of the finest Jewish educational institutions in Europe. Most graduates pursue university studies after completing secondary school and many spend a year in Israel. Tachkemoni was founded in 1920 by Rabbi Moshe Avigdor Amiel, a moderate religious zionist. His vision of a strong Jewish education along with a good secular education is still part of the culture of Tachkemoni.
In addition there are several kollelim, where married men can continue their studies. The famed haredi Etz Chaim Yeshiva, where hundreds of young men from around the world study, is now located in the Wilrijk district, having previously been in the Antwerp suburban towns, first of Heide then Kapellen.
Many synagogues, schools, charities and social groups care for the environment. A majority of Jews living in Antwerp are multilingual and communicate in a variety of languages. Yiddish, French, Hebrew, English and German are all widely spoken among members of the community, as well as Dutch. The Jewish community of Antwerp did not immediately adopt the locally spoken Dutch language as their common spoken language. Instead, in line with the people they worked with in the diamond trade, they spoke French, the language of commerce in Antwerp until after World War II. In recent years English has taken over as the common language of choice, while stricter enforcement of local language regulations ensure that all children are fluent in Dutch. The use of language in Antwerp's Jewish community is a complex issue: while community members possess fair knowledge of different languages, there is a lack of uniformity when it comes to effective communication and discussion in a common language.
Demographics.
The Jewish community in Antwerp has maintained a strong and active presence in the local diamond trade. After World War II, Belgian Jewish survivors as well as others from Eastern Europe settled in Antwerp and built up an influential and highly successful stake in the diamond business. Whether through established diamond trading offices, cutting and polishing factories, or as diamond brokers, Antwerp's Jews established themselves as capable businessmen and -women.
Over the course of the past decade, however, much of the diamond trade has been taken over by the Indian community. With easy access to manufacturing centers in India, where production costs are significantly cheaper, the Jewish community has lost some of its influence as far as the diamond trade is concerned. However, the diamond business remains a common profession shared by most of the members of the Jewish community.
The future of Antwerp's Jewish community is uncertain, with a record amount of Jews opting for residence in Israel and to a lesser extent in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Dining and restaurants.
There are a variety of kosher restaurants located in and around Antwerp's Jewish area, including a vegetarian kosher restaurant called Beni Falafel, a dairy restaurant called Mama Mia, a pizzeria called Time Out, a kosher steakhouse called Lama Lo, a kosher Chinese restaurant Blue Lagoon and Hoffys.
21st century Anti-Semitism.
During November 2013 alone, 6 anti-semitic incidents were recorded throughout Antwerp. Amongst them, the chasing of Jewish children and the attack of an old Jewish woman.

</doc>
<doc id="9897107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897107" title="Henry Kamm">
Henry Kamm

Henry Kamm (born June 3, 1925, in Breslau, Germany (now Wroclaw, Poland) was a correspondent for "The New York Times". He reported for the "Times" from Southeast Asia (based in Bangkok), Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
In 1969, Kamm won the George Polk Award for Foreign Reporting.
Kamm won the Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting in 1978 for his coverage of the plight of refugees from Indochina.

</doc>
<doc id="9897120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897120" title="Playa de la Arena">
Playa de la Arena

Tourism.
Playa De La Arena receives thousands of tourists a year, mainly from Spain and the United Kingdom, but also from Germany and The Netherlands. There are three main hotels in Playa De La Arena, which are the Playa La Arena hotel, which can be seen from the main part of the town, Barcelo Varadero and the Bahia Flamingo.
Hotel Playa La Arena.
The Hotel Playa La Arena is situated in the resort of Puerto Santiago, on the rise overlooking Playa La Arena village. The hotel has 432 rooms, three bars (Piano (Evening), Nightclub (Entertainment every night) & Pool (daytime)) and two restaurants - (one by the pool) and a pool snack bar. The hotel is part of the 'Spring Hoteles' chain, whose parent company, 'Edustro SA' (Madrid) are developing on behalf of the group a brand new complex of residential homes and apartments 'Residencial Playa La Arena' on the hill rising above the resort. The purpose of this development is to protect the area surrounding and overlooking the group's latest flagship hotel, the 'Hotel Costa Los Gigantes', which opened in late 2008. The development was delayed due to planning issues, as the land spanned two neighbouring authorities.
Barcelo Varadero.
South of Playa De La Arena, is the Barcelo Varadero resort in El Varadero, around half a km from Playa De La Arena. The hotel, which is part of the Barcelo hotel chain, has 319 apartments spaced over six blocks, named from A-F, as well as three swimming pools and a tennis court.
Bahia Flamingo.
With 142 rooms, the hotel Bahia Flamingo stands next to Barcelo Varadero. The hotel offers leisure and sport activities such as tennis, archery and football.

</doc>
<doc id="9897142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897142" title="Mandanu">
Mandanu

Mandanu in Babylonian and Akkadian mythology is a god of divine judgement. He is known from the neo-Babylonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="9897155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897155" title="New Bridge">
New Bridge

New Bridge may refer to:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="9897156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897156" title="Shabab Al-Khalil SC">
Shabab Al-Khalil SC

Shabab Al-Khaleel () is a Palestinian football team from the city of Hebron that plays in the West Bank Premier League. One of the premier teams in the league, they contend for first place every season.
The team has won the league title in 1982 and 1985.
References.
For 2007 kit colors:[http://www.maanimages.com/index.php?opr=Details&ID=32401]

</doc>
<doc id="9897158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897158" title="ATP Records">
ATP Records

ATP Records may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9897190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897190" title="Ahli Qalqilyah">
Ahli Qalqilyah

Ahli Qalqilyah is a Palestinian football team from the city of Qalqilyah, that plays in the West Bank Premier League.
References.
Photo for 2007 kit colors[http://www.maanimages.com/index.php?opr=Details&ID=32401]

</doc>
<doc id="9897192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897192" title="McWane">
McWane

McWane, Inc. is one of the world's largest manufacturers of iron water works and plumbing products and one of America’s largest privately owned companies. The company manufactures products including ductile iron pipe and fittings, fire hydrants, cast iron soil pipe and fittings, and related products. McWane is also a manufacturer of pressurized cylinders for the storage of propane and other gases through its Manchester Tank and Equipment Company division, and fire protection systems and extinguishers through its Amerex subsidiary.
Based in Birmingham, Alabama, McWane is a privately held, family owned company employing almost 6,000 people in 25 facilities nationwide. In addition to the United States, the company has operations in Australia, Canada, Chile, China and Norway. Its operating revenues are estimated at approximately $1.5 to 2 billion .
History.
J. R. McWane founded the McWane Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1921 in Birmingham, Alabama, where it has maintained its headquarters since. McWane introduced innovations to foundry technology and processes. He also introduced progressive initiatives to improve working conditions. In 1920, one year before the founding of McWane, J.R. McWane wrote, "The industry that maintains an army of workers without regard to their working and living conditions, their health, recreations, religious and social life cannot succeed in the largest sense." His vision is referred to within the company as "The McWane Way", and can be summarized as aiming to improve both the methods of work and the lives of the workers, rather than focusing only on financial gain.
In 2006, McWane’s Atlantic States plant in New Jersey became the first foundry in North America to apply technology to substantially limit mercury emissions. The following year, a McWane plant was the first iron and brass foundry in the country to be recognized as a Voluntary Protection Program site by OSHA.
Growth and expansion.
Domestic acquisitions.
The company has grown mainly through acquisition of other domestic foundries and related enterprises. In 1926, the company opened its first subsidiary, the Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company. Later, McWane acquired Empire Coke Company in 1962, Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Company in 1975, and Union Foundry Company in 1977. Between 1984 and 1996, the company continued its expansion with the acquisition of the following companies, M&H Valve Company, Clow Water Systems, Clow Valve Company, Kennedy Valve Company, Tyler Pipe and Anaco. In 1999, McWane bought two more companies: Manchester Tank & Equipment of Brentwood, Tennessee and Amerex Corporation of Trussville, Alabama, expanding its manufacturing of fire extinguishers.
Along with McWane's original operations, the subsidiary companies acquired by the company formed its seven divisions: ductile iron pipe, waterworks valves and fire hydrants, soil pipe, soil fittings and utility fittings, propane and compressed air, fire extinguishers, and coal.
International expansion.
McWane's international expansion began in 1989 when it acquired Canada Pipe Company, in Hamilton, Ontario, an iron pipe plant owned by Canron Inc. of Toronto. After entering the Canadian market in 1989, McWane established Clow Canada in 1990, with manufacturing operations in St. Johns New Brunswick. Through Canada Pipe, McWane subsequently acquired the Bibby Companies in 1997. McWane then extended its operations to Australia in 1999 with the acquisition of Manchester Tank & Equipment Company. In 2005, the company built a new foundry, the Tyler Xian Xian Foundry Company, in Hebei, China and in 2010, McWane acquired Manchester Tank & Equipment Cemcogas SA in Santiago, Chile. Finally, through Amerex, McWane acquired Solberg Scandinavian AS, an independent firefighting foam agent manufacturer based in Bergen, Norway.
China.
In 2003, in response to increasing pressure to move operations overseas due to competition from importers, McWane filed a petition with the International Trade Commission asking for relief from Chinese competition. The commission unanimously approved McWane’s petition and recommended that President George W. Bush impose a three-year import quota on China's waterworks fittings and tariffs of up to 50 percent on imports exceeding the quota. However, in March 2004, President Bush decided not to adopt the commission's recommendation. Following this decision, McWane opted to begin manufacturing its products both domestically and overseas. To that end, in 2005, it opened a plant in China's Hebei Province. The company was named the "Excellent Environmental Protection Facility of 2006" by the Cangzhou Environmental Protection Bureau.
Environmental and safety issues.
Following McWane's rapid growth in the 1990s, it was reported that the company had an increased number of health and safety violations. In 2003, a series of joint print and broadcast reports by the New York Times, PBS and the Canadian Broadcast Corporation reported serious safety and environmental problems at McWane plants. According to the reports, there were 4,600 recorded injuries, nine deaths and more than 400 Occupational Safety and Health Administration violations between 1995 and 2003.
Criminal and civil violations.
Following the media reports, the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) launched an intensive investigation into McWane’s safety and environmental practices. Federal regulators brought formal charges against McWane facilities and managers, resulting in $25 million in fines and prison sentences of up to 70 months for four McWane plant managers. Regulators also charged McWane with more than 400 air and water quality violations. The company resolved the bulk of the environmental violations in 2010, when it agreed to pay $4 million in civil penalties and spend another $9.1 million on environmental projects in communities near its plants. This agreement covered 28 of the company's manufacturing facilities in 14 states, and resolves violations including the Clean Air Act. the Clean Water Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, Toxic Substances Control Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and three other federal acts. McWane President Ruffner Page Jr. said the agreement was "the beginning of the final chapter" in McWane's effort to be in full compliance.
"PBS Frontline" aired an updated version of "A Dangerous Business", entitled "A Dangerous Business Revisited", on 5 February 2008 on most PBS stations throughout the U.S. Included in this version was additional reporting regarding federal prosecutions against McWane, Inc. since the original airing, as well as checking the OSHA data to verify whether McWane, Inc.'s new safety standards have made working conditions truly safer for its foundry employees.
Commitment to safety and environment.
Prior to the media reports, the company had been implementing changes to its operating practices since 2000, according to McWane's president, G. Ruffner Page. Following the 2003 investigations, McWane continued to reform its safety and environmental practices, bringing on new management and implementing new safety procedures. The company replaced 90 percent of its senior management and added 125 new environmental, health and safety, and human resources positions since 1999. In addition, McWane spent over $300 million on environmental protection and health and safety (EHS), and implemented a centralised EHS management system to detect environmental, and health and safety problems. It also began self-reporting oversights to authorities. McWane updated its Ethics and Compliance Policy and created a training and educational program for EHS and management skills. To ensure legal compliance, the company implemented oversight mechanisms and incentive schemes, including internal and external (third party) audits and a financial incentive program for managers based upon EHS performance, an appropriate range of disciplinary actions for noncompliance, along with a confidential, 24-hour phone line for reporting suspected violations and other concerns.
Independent review and recognition.
In a 2006 letter to the EPA, international president of the United Steelworkers Leo Gerard wrote that McWane's current management ”has shown a dramatic change in attitude” and that “current safely practices at McWane are as good as or better than any of its competitors." During sentencing of the company in a case regarding environmental damages in New Jersey, U.S. District Court Judge Mary Cooper concluded, "A night and day difference has been accomplished, not by wishful thinking, but by deter­mined and sustained effort at all levels. They are de­termined to continue to serve in all the ways that they serve and to do everything they can to prevent envi­ronmental, health, and safety damage to anyone."
As a result of the changes implemented by McWane, the company, and its operating divisions and subsidiaries have received local and national recognition and awards. The company's Union Foundry has won safety awards, including Alabama's highest safety award from the Alabama Department of Industrial Relations. The company's Pacific States plant received both the Utah Department of Environmental Quality’s Outstanding Achievement in Pollution Prevention Award and the Provo/Orem Chamber of Commerce’s "Business of the Year" award in 2007. In 2008, the "Birmingham Business Journal" named McWane president G. Ruffner Page as its Green Business Leader of the Year. , seven McWane plants have been admitted into OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP), a program that recognizes exemplary health and safety programs, and a status that fewer than 1% of all U.S. workplaces attain.
Philanthropy.
The McWane family and company is noted for its charitable work in Alabama and in communities where its plants are located. The family pledged $10 million to the McWane Science Center, and they have also donated to cultural institutions such as the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute. The company offers undergraduate scholarships to Alabama college students. The McWane family also donated $2 million to the 1999 restoration of the Birmingham’s famous Vulcan statue, which was originally cast in 1904 by J. R. McWane’s foundry and is the largest cast iron statue in the world. The Alabama Chapter of Fundraising Professionals awarded McWane its Outstanding Corporate Citizen of the Year Award in 2005. The city of Birmingham has also recognized McWane several times for its beautification and summer arts programs. In 2009, the McWane Foundation pledged $5 million to Alabama’s Children’s Hospital for the construction of an environmentally friendly hospital. In addition to the gift from the McWane Foundation, Phillip and Heather McWane personally pledged an additional $5 million for a clinical program in the new hospital.
Outside of Alabama, McWane's subsidiaries have contributed to charitable causes and community resources, including a $30,000 donation to the Community Health and Mahaska Hospice for the renovation of the former Family Medical Center building, now called the Mahaska Health West building by the Clow Valve Company. In 2008, the Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co. donated $75,000 to upgrade the Walters Park band shell in Phillipsburg, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="9897211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897211" title="Rory Markham">
Rory Markham

Rory Markham (born March 25, 1982) is an American professional mixed martial artist, stuntman and actor. In mixed martial arts, he has competed professionally for the UFC and was a longtime veteran of the IFL, representing the Quad Cities Silverbacks.
Background.
An experienced martial artist from a young age, Markham began training in Shidokan Karate at the age of six before later transitioning into Kenpo. At the age of 13, Markham began training in Kyokushin and began fighting in full-contact competitions when he was 15, winning all of his matches by knockout despite often being paired against much older opponents. Markham also began competing in boxing at the age of 17, holding an undefeated amateur record of 10-0. Markham later became affiliated with Pat Miletich.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
In 2003, Markham made his professional mixed martial arts debut, winning via first-round knockout. Markham would go on to compile a record of 8-2, competing in the regional circuit, before being invited to compete in the International Fight League for the Quad Cities Silverbacks, under his coach at the Miletich Fighting Systems, Pat Miletich.
IFL.
Markham made his IFL debut at IFL: Legends Championship 2006 on April 29, 2006, against veteran Mike Pyle. Markham won in 44 seconds via knockout.
Markham followed this up with three more wins in the promotion all via KO/TKO over Brad Blackburn, Marcelo Acevedo, and Keith Wisniewski, respectively, before facing future UFC veteran Chris Wilson at the IFL: Championship Final. Markham was handed his first defeated inside of the promotion via TKO in the first round. Markham soon bounced back with two more knockout wins over Pat Healy and Chris Clements, respectively, before being defeated via second-round knockout at the hands of Brett Cooper at the IFL: World Grand Prix Finals.
Post-IFL.
After the demise of the IFL, Markham fought for Adrenaline MMA's inaugural event on June 14, 2008, facing veteran Jay Ellis. Markham won via triangle choke submission in the first round.
UFC.
With an overall 15-4 professional record, Markham was signed by the UFC. Markham made his debut at UFC Fight Night 14 on July 19, 2008 against Canadian Brodie Farber. After almost being finished early on in the fight, Markham knocked out Farber with a head kick. This victory earned him a "Knockout of the Night" award and was a nominee on Sherdog.com for "Knockout of the Year" and "Comeback of the Year".
In his next appearance, Markham faced British fighter Dan Hardy at UFC 95 on February 20, 2009 in London, England. Markham was knocked out with a left hook in the first round. Markham was then expected to face Martin Kampmann at UFC 108 on January 2, 2010, but pulled out due to a knee injury.
Markham then fought at UFC 111 on March 27, 2010 against Nate Diaz. After Markham was six pounds overweight at the weigh-ins, the fight was made a catchweight bout 177 lbs and was fined $1,000 as a result. This was significant as it was only the second time a fighter training with the Miletich Fighting Systems didn't make weight in 15 years. Markham was defeated via TKO in the first round and was released by the promotion.
Post-UFC.
After being released from the UFC, Markham signed with Bellator and was expected to make his promotional debut at Bellator 26 against Steve Carl on August 26, 2010 for a spot in the . However, Markham pulled out due to not being cleared to fight.
Markham was next expected to face Rudy Bears at Titan FC 18 on May 27, 2011 but withdrew from the fight. Markham was most recently scheduled to fight on June 16, 2012 against Jon Kirk at Battle Xtreme Championship but the fight was cancelled.
Film.
Markham is a trained actor and member of the Screen Actor's Guild. His films include The Death and Life of Bobby Z with Paul Walker and Laurence Fishburne; The Experiment with Adrien Brody and Forrest Whitaker; Setup with Bruce Willis, 50 Cent, and Ryan Phillippe; and Alex Cross with Tyler Perry & Matthew Fox.

</doc>
<doc id="9897217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897217" title="Light List">
Light List

A Light List is a detailed list of navigational aids including lighthouses and other lighted navigation aids, unlighted buoys, radiobeacons, daybeacons, and racons. Light lists are published by most of the major maritime nations. Some nations, including the United Kingdom and the United States, publish lists that cover the whole world in many volumes. Other nations publish lists that cover only their own coasts.
Canada.
The Canadian Coast Guard publishes the "List of Lights,Buoys and Fog Signals" in four volumes which are updated periodically
The books are available in paper from dealers and in PDF form for free download.
Chile.
The Chilean official list of lighthouses is the "Lista de Faros de la costa de Chile, Costa Oriental de Tierra del Fuego y Territorio Antártico" published (as Nr. 3007) by the Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service of the Chilean Navy (SHOA)
Navigational aids in Chile are provided by the "Servicio de Señalización Marítima" Signalling Service, a department of the "Dirección de Seguridad y Operaciones Marítimas" (Dirsomar) of Maritime Security and Operations, of the "Dirección General del Territorio Marítimo y de Marina Mercante" (Directemar) General of the Maritime Territory and the Merchant Marine of the Chilean Navy.
France.
SHOM, the French Naval Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service, publishes "Les livres des feux et signaux de brume" (Books of Lights and Fog Signals) in four volumes, updated periodically: 
United Kingdom.
The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office, generally known as "The Admiralty", publishes the "Admiralty List of Lights and Fog Signals" covering the whole world in 12 volumes. The information is also available in digital form. 
United States.
The "United States Coast Guard Light List" is published annually in 7 volumes. It covers the entire coastline of the United States and its possessions.
Each volume of the "Light List" contains aids to navigation in geographic order from north to south along the Atlantic coast, from east to west along the Gulf coast, and from south to north along the Pacific coast. It lists seacoast aids first, followed by entrance and harbor aids listed from seaward.
Intracoastal Waterway aids are listed last in geographic order in the direction from New Jersey to Florida to the border of Texas and Mexico.
The listings are preceded by a description of the aids to navigation system in the United States, luminous range diagram, geographic range tables, and other information.
NGA publishes "NGA List of Lights Radio Aids & Fog Signals" covering the rest of the world: 
Both the Coast Guard and the NGA lists are available in book form from a range of dealers and in PDF form, without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="9897247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897247" title="Manungal">
Manungal

Manungal (or simply Nungal) is a goddess of the underworld, worshipped by the Sumerians, Babylonians, and Akkadians. She is the consort of the god Birdu. Her title was the ""Queen of the Ekur"" where she held the ""tablet of life"" and carried out judgement on the wicked.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9897250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897250" title="David Wemyss, Lord Elcho">
David Wemyss, Lord Elcho

David Wemyss, "soi disant" 6th Earl of Wemyss (12 August 1721 – 29 April 1787), generally known as Lord Elcho even after his father's death, was a Scottish peer and Jacobite army officer.
Life.
Elcho was the eldest son and heir of James Wemyss, 5th Earl of Wemyss, and his wife Janet (d. 1778), daughter of Colonel Francis Charteris and Helen Swinton. His parents separated in 1732. He was educated at Winchester College, (1734–1738), and at the military academy at Angers. Elcho was in Rome from October 1740 until April 1741, where, he met James Stuart (Stuart claimant to the throne). He was appointed a colonel of dragoons in February 1744 and was a member of the Royal Company of Archers.
Elcho joined Prince Charles Edward Stuart at Gray's Mill, near Edinburgh, on 16 September 1745, when he became the prince's first aide-de-camp and an original member of his council. Elcho fought at the Battle of Prestonpans on 21 September 1745. Elcho was one of the majority who at a council of war held at Derby in December 1745 advised the prince to return to Scotland rather than advance further into England and face almost certain death. Later Elcho was present on 17 January 1746 at the siege of Falkirk and on 16 April 1745 at the battle of Culloden, at which Charles's army was defeated by government forces under the command of the Duke of Cumberland. Elcho, together with the Duke of Perth and other leaders of the Jacobite forces, escaped to France in the frigate "Le Mars" on 3 May 1746.
Elcho never returned to Britain, and for his part in the rising he was subject to the act of attainder passed in 1746 and his titles and lands were forfeited. In spite of this, he assumed the title of 6th Earl of Wemyss on his father's death on 21 March 1756, although he was generally known as Lord Elcho.
Elcho continued his military career in France, where he entered the service of Louis XV and held two unpaid offices: captain in the Fitzjames's regiment, and colonel in the Royal Scots. In the latter post Elcho was with his regiment at Gravelines from June to October 1757 and then at Dunkirk in 1758. Although he held no other military command, Louis XV conferred the Order of Military Merit upon him in July 1770.
Dividing his time between France and Switzerland, he become naturalised in Neuchatel. On 9 September 1776 Elcho married at Beutal in Switzerland, baroness Sofie Frederikke Vilhelmine Yxkull-Gyllenband, a daughter (b. 1756) of Baron, later Count Karl Gustav Friedrich von Uexkull-Güldenband, the first HRE count of Münchzell, and a minister of Wurttemberg. She died in childbirth on 26 November 1777. Elcho himself died in Paris in 1787, aged sixty-five, and was buried with his wife at Bôle.
Lord Elcho's "Narrative".
David, Lord Elcho left two manuscripts: (1) a journal in French, covering the principal years of his life; (2) a narrative of the events in 1745-46. The narrative closely agrees with Blaikie's "Itinerary of Prince Charles Stuart". Comparing the narrative with "Tales of a Grandfather" shows that Sir Walter Scott was given the opportunity of studying the narrative and that he adopted it as the principal authority for his history of the events of 1745.
According to Alice Wemyss in her book "Elcho of the '45" (ISBN 0-85-411080-1) page 222, David, Lord Elcho, "...died in Paris on April 30, 1787 in his house rue St Lazard as the result of illness and in the Protestant faith," "Elcho was accompanied to his last resting place by Droz (his steward) and two officers from the Swiss Guard. The cemetery was soon to be vandalised during the Revolution. Thus it is that his bones do not lie, as had been his wish, beside those of his wife." His wife was buried in Bôle, Switzerland.
Also according to Alice Wemyss, David, Lord Elcho, sailed from Scotland in "La Bellone" rather than "Le Mars", both vessels seemingly sailing together. Quoting the written words of Lord Elcho on (p. 125), Alice Wemyss wrote that Lord Elcho's child, a son, was born on 19 November 1777 but lived for only a day. Seemingly he was not named but on the tombstone in a church at Bôle, Switzerland, he is referred to as "Lord Elcho". His mother was buried with her son. This was David, Lord Elcho's, only legitimate child. Two illegitimate daughters are mentioned in both this book and that of Sir John Wemyss-Kessler, Bt., "Scotland the Brave" (ISBN 978-0-7884-1582-1).

</doc>
<doc id="9897260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897260" title="Maurice Procter">
Maurice Procter

Maurice Procter (born 4 February 1906 – 1973) was an English novelist. He was born in Nelson, Lancashire, England.
Early life.
Maurice Procter was born in Nelson, Lancashire, on 4 February 1906. His parents were Rose Hannah and William Procter who also had two other sons named Emmot and Ned. The family lived in Charles Street, Nelson and Maurice attended Nelson Grammar School before running away to join the army at age 15. He had lied about his age so his parents tried to secure his release from the army, but even with the support of their local MP they were unsuccessful. After the army Maurice worked briefly as a in a Lancashire cotton mill.
In 1927 Maurice joined the police as a constable in Halifax, Yorkshire. At that time a policeman was not allowed to serve in his home town, so this meant he had to leave his home town of Nelson. He was based at King Cross police station in Halifax, and initially lodged at the station. Later he lodged at 24 Cromwell Street, Halifax with local electrician Arthur Edwin Blakey and his wife Isabella who was in service, working as a cook at Heathfield House, Rishworth, near Halifax. The couple had three daughters, Phyllis, Eve and Winifred. Maurice married the youngest daughter, Winifred, in 1933 at Saint Mary's Church, Lister Lane, Halifax.
During the war Maurice was transferred from King Cross to Mixenden police station. In those days Mixenden was just a small village, so Maurice was the village bobby and he and his wife lived in the police house for 5 years. Maurice and Winifred and had one child, a son who they named Noel. In total Maurice served in the Halifax police force for 19 years, remaining a constable throughout the time. At that time Halifax had its own police force, including its own chief constable and its own headquarters on Harrison Road near to the town centre, so there were fewer opportunities for postings to different parts of the police force than there are today. Maurice did, however, spend some as a motor cycle patrol officer and he was involved in one notorious local criminal case, that of the Halifax Slasher in the 1930s.
For most of his life in Halifax Maurice and his family lived at 20 Willowfield Road, in the Pye Nest area of Halifax and only a short distance from the King Cross police station. Experiencing police procedure at first hand provided the realism in Procter's work, that many reviewers praised.
He began writing fiction whilst a serving police offer, his first book "No Proud Chivalry" was published in 1947 and as soon as he was earning an income from writing he resigned from the police force. Much of his work was written in the study of his home in Willowfield Road, though in later years he and his wife spent part of the year in Spain and Gibraltar.
When not writing Maurice enjoyed his hobbies which were reading, gardening, playing cards, motor cycling and socialising with friends.
Procter is best known for his series of police procedural novels featuring Detective Chief Inspector Harry Martineau of the Granchester City Police. In his novels Granchester was an industrial city in the north of England. Procter based the city on Manchester. When his novel "Hell Is a City" (which was published in the USA with the title "Somewhere in This City") was filmed in 1960 with Stanley Baker as Martineau, it was shot on-location in Manchester.
Death.
Maurice Procter died in the Royal Halifax Infirmary in 1973.
Publication.
Series.
Philip Hunter
Chief Inspector Martineau Investigates

</doc>
<doc id="9897266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897266" title="Repoussoir">
Repoussoir

"For metalworking, see Repoussé and chasing."
In two-dimensional works of art, such as painting, printmaking, photography or bas-relief, repoussoir is an object along the right or left foreground that directs the viewer's eye into the composition by bracketing (framing) the edge. It became popular with Mannerist and Baroque artists, and is found frequently in Dutch seventeenth-century landscape paintings. Jacob van Ruisdael, for example, often included a tree along one side to enclose the scene (see illustration). Figures are also commonly employed as "repoussoir" devices by artists such as Paolo Veronese, Peter Paul Rubens and Impressionists such as Gustave Caillebotte.

</doc>
<doc id="9897278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897278" title="Birdu">
Birdu

Birdu or Bubu'tu is a god of the underworld, worshipped by the Babylonians and Akkadians. He is the consort of Manungal and was syncretised with Nergal. Not much information exists on Birdu because most texts concerning him are found either damaged or incomplete.

</doc>
<doc id="9897299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897299" title="Francis Ferrand Foljambe">
Francis Ferrand Foljambe

Francis Ferrand Foljambe (1749–1814), M.P., politician born Aldwark, North Yorkshire, England.
Born 17 January 1749 – Foljambe inherited estates at Wadworth, Steeton, Westow, and Aldwark, Rotherham, Yorkshire, England, his family later moved to Osberton Hall, Scofton, Worksop). His son was named George Savile-Foljambe and from then until the present century, the Lords of the Manor carried the hyphenated name of Savile-Foljambe.
He was elected M.P. for Yorkshire 1784, High Sheriff of Yorkshire 1787, elected M.P. for Higham Ferrers, Northamptonshire, 1801–10.
Foljambe first married Mary Arabella, second daughter, and at length the sole heiress of John Thornhagh of Osberton and Sturton, Nottinghamshire (who took the name of Hewet on succeeding to the estates of his godfather, Sir Thomas Hewet, of Shire Oaks, Nottinghamshire). His second wife was Lady Mary Arabella Lumley, daughter of Richard, 4th Earl of Scarborough and Barbara, younger daughter and co-heiress of Sir George Savile, last Baronet of Rufford.
He died 13 November 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="9897302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897302" title="Lee E. McMahon">
Lee E. McMahon

Lee E. McMahon (1931–1989) was an American computer scientist. He was a graduate of St. Louis University and obtained a Ph.D. in Psychology at Harvard. He worked for Bell labs from 1963 until 1989, and is best known for his contributions to early versions of the Unix operating system, in particular the sed stream editor. He contributed to the development of comm, qsort, grep, index, cref, cu, and Datakit.
He also devised the McMahon system tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9897316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897316" title="De Dolle Brouwers">
De Dolle Brouwers

De Dolle Brouwers ("The Mad Brewers") is a Belgian brewery, based in Esen in the province of West Flanders.
The building housing the brewery is believed to date from 1835 and has a long brewing history since its inception by local doctor Louis Nevejan, having become the Costenoble brewery in approximately 1882 and remaining in that family for three generations. It was defunct when purchased by De Dolle and restored to function as a brewery in 1980.
The grounds of the brewery and tasting room are open to visitors for tours once a week, and by appointment for larger groups.
The Beers.
All of the De Dolle products are bottle-conditioned, and additional seasonal or special brews are also produced.
Awards and recognition.
De Dolle received 4 Gold Awards in respected user ratings site RateBeer in their Best Beers of Belgium 2008 and 2 in 2009.
In 2000, De Dolle brewer and owner Kris Herteleer was awarded the biennial "Golden Hammer" award by Bruges-based brewing and cultural society '"t Hamerken" for his work in restoring the brewery to function and also research on local brewing history.

</doc>
<doc id="9897327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897327" title="Tupamaro (Venezuela)">
Tupamaro (Venezuela)

Revolutionary Movement Tupamaro (, MRT) or Tupamaro is a political party and organization of Venezuela.
History.
The theory pointed to the birth of the movement as an answer—like other social movements on the continent—to alleged injustices perpetrated by the governments of various period of Venezuela's history. With emergence of Hugo Chavez as President of Venezuela consolidated its disparities in support of the new Movement for the Fifth Republic president. The Venezuelan Tupamaros have at least ideological links to the urban guerrilla movement in Uruguay that took the name of Tupac Amaru, the last Incan leader of Peru who was executed by Spanish authorities in 1572 for opposing colonial rule.
Nevertheless, throughout their existence, the ideological basis of the movement began to deteriorate. As it stood in the first decade of the twenty-first century denunciations of the group from many forces in the country, with respect to the conduct of this group and its members, was ever present, specifically because of alleged attacks on student movements that are not in agreement with Hugo Chávez. In addition, there are allegations that, despite the absence of official data, that members form death squads and kill criminals often associated with drug trade.
Leadership.
The leaders of the group are José Tomás Pinto Marrero, as secretary, and Oswaldo Jiménez as president.
Social support.
With the emergence of Chavez as president, the group also cooperated with the state in administering social programs and promoting political participation. It is involved in after-school programs to keep children out of trouble, child care centers, puppet shows, drug rehabilitation and sports programs. A Tupamaro leader known as Chino, said of the group that "Our greatest accomplishment is having been able to change things through elections."
The group has refused to renounce use of arms to protect communities considered too dangerous even for police officers. In one such example in the high-crime 23 de Enero neighborhood in western Caracas, thieves, muggers or drug dealers who operate in the area run the risk of being executed by Tupamaros patrolling on motorcycles. A Tupamaro member known as Mao insisted neighbourhood criminals are given ample warning before facing execution. "First we give them a warning to get out of the area. If they don't listen, we see them again, this time with 10 of our comrades. If they fail to understand the message, we take matters into our own hands." Though, once again the masks they wear are said to ward off possible retribution from criminals, police or Chavez's political opposition, but they also reinforce an imposing image that critics call a tool of intimidation against Chavez's political opposition. Ismach Leon, a campaign manager for the opposition party First Justice said, "The Tupamaros began following me to get me out of Coche (a Caracas slum) because I was campaigning for (conservative candidate) Julio Borges." Luis Milan, a political science professor at Bolivarian University talked about a riot that began when police opened fire. With the arrival of more Tupamaros to the aid their comrades police, then, asked for military support, signifying the growing potency of the group. He added that "They are becoming a legitimate party, they are participating in the political process. It's a different time now."

</doc>
<doc id="9897340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897340" title="Augustus N. Allen">
Augustus N. Allen

Augustus N. Allen (1868 - 1958) was an architect known for designing buildings on Long Island and in New York City, as well as New Jersey. He also designed the office of American financier and railroad executive John W. Campbell at Grand Central Terminal, which was later converted into a bar called the Campbell Apartment.
Long Island.
Allen designed many grand estates on Long Island for wealthy families from New York. He also designed other buildings on the island, including a library.
John Jermain Memorial Library.
The John Jermain Memorial Library in Sag Harbor was designed by Allen. It was built in 1910 by Mrs. Russell Sage in memory of her grandfather, Major John Jermain, and presented as a gift to the people of Sag Harbor. The property was bought at a cost of $10,000, and is directly across from Mrs. Sage's then summer home on Main Street. At that time, it was the highest price ever paid for a piece of real estate in Sag Harbor.
Allen designed the library in the Classical revival style. A pediment and four stone Doric columns adorn the front of the by brick structure, constructed at a cost of $70,000. The trim and base of the building are done in stone. The stone lintels of the windows are designed with the Greek key pattern. Other architectural details include wreaths, torches and egg and dart molding. In the interior, fluted stone columns, and lintels ornamented with medallions form the octagonal third floor reading room. Bronze torches light the entryways and vestibules. A winding marble staircase leads up to this room that is crowned by a brick, copper and stained glass dome rising above the ground. The dome, constructed by the R. Guastavino Company, is one of the more than 1,000 they built, including those at the library of the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York, and the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C. 
New Jersey.
Pleasantdale Chateau.
Charles W. Nichols of Allied Chemical & Dye Corporation, later AlliedSignal, acquired a number of contiguous farms in 1912 and created a estate with formal gardens in West Orange, New Jersey. The Nichols family used the property as a summer weekend retreat and occupied a small farmhouse. But after a number of years, the family desired a larger home.
In the 1920s, Nichols set out to build his country estate, preferring the Norman style of architecture from the south of England and the north of France. He hired Allen as his architect and the two toured Europe to seek out Norman style buildings and designed Pleasantdale Chateau. The exterior of the house is of the Norman half-timber and stucco character, while the interior reflects a number of period styles. The entrance has 15th century Spanish tiles on the floor. The chateau was completed in 1933. Pleasantdale Chateau stands today at 757 Eagle Rock Avenue as an example of a French Normandy manor house, and serves as a retreat, catering and conference facility.
New York City.
Office of John W. Campbell.
In 1923, Campbell leased of space in Grand Central from Cornelius Vanderbilt for his office. It was a single room long by wide with a ceiling and an enormous fireplace. Campbell commissioned Allen, to design his office, transforming the space into a 13th-century Florentine palace with a hand-painted timbered ceiling and leaded windows. He installed 19th-century Italian chairs and tables, an art collection worth more than $1 million, and a massive desk from which he conducted business.
After Campbell’s death in 1957, the office fell into disrepair. Many years later, in 1999, the space was restored and renovated into a public bar and lounge called the Campbell Apartment. The name is apparently a misnomer, people having assumed that such a grand space was an apartment, not an office. The walls and ceiling were brought back to their former glory at a cost of $1.5 million.
1082 Park Avenue.
Allen designed this bright, polychromed tile facade in 1925 for a furniture and decoration company that played an unusual part in the development of this section of Park Avenue. The original 1082 Park Avenue was one of a row of eight five-story brick apartment houses covering the entire west side of Park Avenue from 88th to 89th Street. In 1905, Simon Ginsberg, an upholsterer with a shop across the street, bought 1082 Park and relocated to the ground floor.
In 1924, a syndicate developing the co-op apartment house built as 1088 Park Avenue, at the southwest corner of 89th Street, acquired an L-shaped plot surrounding 1082 Park and the corner building, 1080. In 1925, as the new 1088 Park Avenue apartment house was rising, Ginsberg decided on a new look for his building, too. Allen, a veteran rowhouse designer, developed a complicated facade of glazed terra cotta: a ground floor of rusticated blocks, second floor of show windows separated by spiral colonettes, third and fourth floors joined behind double height panels and an attic story of rounded windows under a tiled, projecting roof.
As rebuilt by the upholsterer, 1082 had a band of lettering reading "Ginsberg" at the attic-floor level and another reading "Furniture & Decoration" at the third-floor level. The zoning law of 1916 established this section of Park Avenue as strictly residential, and permitted Ginsberg to rebuild only because the store was already there. By 1935, the Ginsbergs were succeeded as the ground floor tenant by an A&P. The ground floor is now occupied by the Dutch Girl dry cleaning store. The Ginsbergs retained their furniture business upstairs for a while, but by the 1940s the upper floors were used for doctors' and dentists' offices, and they are now apartments.
292 Madison Avenue.
The original twelve story building at the corner of Madison Avenue and 41st Street was designed by Allen in 1910. It was expanded upwards to 26 stories and to the sides by Ludlow & Peabody in 1923. Today, the building is home to many law firms, as well as the Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation and the Park Avenue Liquor Shop, which dates back to 1934.
Latham Hotel.
Allen designed the Latham Hotel, a 13-story building on East 28th Street, in 1906. It is now a budget hotel, but is ideally located for tourists, near the Empire State Building and convenient to Penn Station and Grand Central. The building is also home to Latham Properties, a full-service real estate firm in existence since 1979 that was active in purchasing hotels in Manhattan and South Beach in the mid 1980s and early 1990s. It still owns and manages a broad portfolio of properties in the New York and Miami metro areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9897392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897392" title="Avern Cohn">
Avern Cohn

Avern Cohn (born July 23, 1924) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. He was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on May 17, 1979, to a new seat created by 92 Stat. 1629; He was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 25, 1979, and received commission on September 26, 1979. Cohn assumed senior status on October 9, 1999. 
Judge Cohn was born to Irwin I. and Sadie Levin Cohn. He attended the University of Michigan, John Tarleton Agricultural College, Stanford University, and Loyola School of Medicine. He served in the United States Army from 1943 to 1946. He received his JD from the University of Michigan Law School in 1949. He was admitted to the Michigan State Bar in December, 1949. 
Judge Cohn engaged in private practice in the Law Office of Irwin I. Cohn from 1949 to 1961; and at Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn from 1961 to 1979. Judge Cohn held the following public positions: Michigan Social Welfare Commission, 1963; Michigan Civil Rights Commission, 1972–1975 and served as Chair 1974-1975; Detroit Board of Police Commissioners, 1975–1979 and served as Chair 1979. 
Judge Cohn is a member of several bar associations including: Detroit Bar Association; State Bar of Michigan; Federal Circuit Bar Association; Federal Bar Association; American Bar Association; Chairperson, Special Committee on Court Congestion, State Bar of Michigan, 1977–1978; Representative Assembly, State Bar of Michigan, 1973–1979; Past Trustee, Detroit Bar Association Foundation; Past Director, Detroit Bar Association; member, American Law Institute; Director, American Judicature Society. 
Judge Cohn has been active in numerous organizations in political, secular and Jewish life. He is a past President of the Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Detroit and has served for 14 years as General Chairperson of the Yeshiva Beth Yehudah Annual Dinner. He has three children and seven grandchildren. 
Judge Cohn was the Judge in the Wiper patent infringement case that let auto corporations escape lawsuits because the plaintiff Robert Kearns missed a deadline.

</doc>
<doc id="9897426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897426" title="1812 in Ireland">
1812 in Ireland

Events from the year 1812 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9897438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897438" title="Turning the Pages">
Turning the Pages

Turning the Pages is software technology for viewing scanned books on-line in a realistic and detailed manner. It was developed by the British Library in partnership with Armadillo Systems.
The original version, first released in 1997, uses Adobe Shockwave. 
In January 2007 version 2.0 version was developed for Microsoft Vista using a browser-based Windows Presentation Foundation format. Features include page turns that are modeled on the actually deformation of different types of material (for example in a book with vellum pages, which is heavier than printed on paper, will appear to collapse under its own weight as it is turned). For certain books, such as the "Sherborne Missal", the gold leaf catches the light as the book moves around.
The British Library has released a "Turning the Pages Toolkit" for libraries around the world to put their collections online.
The "Codex Leicester" along with "Codex Arundel" was one of the first to be made available in the 2.0 format, with Bill Gates saying "This is an innovative way to bring treasures - including mine - to a new audience," 
External links.
Official

</doc>
<doc id="9897484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897484" title="St. Anne's Community College">
St. Anne's Community College

Saint Anne's Community College is a Catholic secondary public school in Killaloe, County Clare, Republic of Ireland. It was founded by the Sisters of Mercy in the early 20th century and was originally an all-girl school.

</doc>
<doc id="9897508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897508" title="Coarse">
Coarse

Coarse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9897525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897525" title="Dumb Drum Records">
Dumb Drum Records

Dumb Drum Records was a Canadian independent record label founded in Toronto. It was responsible for, amongst other releases, the True Independence series of compilations that showcased young and independent musicians, generally of a punk, hardcore and/or alternative genre of music. It had considerable success in the mid nineties, with its highest recorded charting album (#8 for May 1995 on the Canadian National Chart (now referred to as Chart (magazine) ) being, True Independence II, which featured over 40 artists, amongst them being: DirtyBird, Ripcordz, Ripped (then referred to as Ripped Emotions), ActionAdventure and Project 9. The original project was borne out of the artistic community of Claude Watson School for the Arts at Earl Haig Secondary School in Toronto where the founder of the label, Shawn Elliot Atkinson attended with other alumni such as Stefan Brogren, Daniel Nestor, Scott Speedman and Sarah Polley.

</doc>
<doc id="9897530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897530" title="Staten Island Ferry (cocktail)">
Staten Island Ferry (cocktail)

A Staten Island Ferry is a cocktail consisting of equal parts Malibu Rum and pineapple juice served over ice. In flavor it resembles a Piña Colada but does not require coconut cream, and thus is more easily mixed in bars that lack the specialty ingredients and blender that a Piña Colada would require.
Staten Island is home to at least one tiki bar, Jade Island, but the name of the cocktail is a tongue-in-cheek reference to the fact that Staten Island is far from the tropics and visitors desiring an "island" atmosphere must often make do with the ingredients at hand.
See also.
Webtender Wiki Entry for the Staten Island Ferry

</doc>
<doc id="9897534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897534" title="Long Road">
Long Road

Long Road or The Long Road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9897541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897541" title="Ballygunge Circular Road">
Ballygunge Circular Road

Ballygunge Circular Road is one of the most important roads which runs through the upscale part of Ballygunge in South Kolkata. It starts near the Ballygunge Science College right off Gariahat Road, passing through landmarks like Tripura House, St Lawrence High School etc. before meeting Gurusaday Dutta Road about a mile up the road. It then finally meets AJC Bose Road a bit further up. A large military camp (known as Ballygunge Maidan Camp) is located on the North-Western stretch of the road, starting right after the David Hare Training College and ending at the intersection of Chakraberia Road.
Localities.
It is surrounded by nice residential houses in the vicinity of Tripura House, mainly in the stretch between the Science College and St. Lawrence High School. Some of the finest residential apartments as well as posh villas dot this road. Many prominent residential spots like "Vedant Apartments", on the plot that used to house legendary Bengali actress Suchitra Sen’s bungalow, have sprung up recently. "Devadwar" at 34 Ballygunge Circular Road is considered to be one of the best residential buildings in the city. Other notable plush high rise apartments include "Paramount", "Uttarayan", "Le Palmerie", "The Residency", "Tripura Enclave", "Surya", "Balaka", "Tivoli Court" and the upcoming "Sky villas" "Shiromani" and "Sri Avani". Ballygunge Circular Road is surrounded by other upscale and posh areas of Ballygunge like Gurusaday Dutta Road, Rainey Park, Rowland Road, Lovelock Street, Ritchie Road, Dover Road, Dover Park, and Queens Park.
There are other landmarks such as the Max Mueller Bhavan (Goethe Institute). "Miranda Hall" the most difficult-to-get-admission-in montessori school in Kolkata is also situated on this road.

</doc>
<doc id="9897546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897546" title="List of NCAA Division I FBS football stadiums">
List of NCAA Division I FBS football stadiums

This is a list of stadiums that currently serve as the home venue for NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football teams, also including stadiums set to open in the upcoming 2014 season. These include most of the largest stadiums in the United States.
Conference affiliations reflect those in the 2014 season. Venues used by schools that are transitioning from FBS and are full members of FBS conferences are listed here. In 2014, three schools will be in this category: Appalachian State, Georgia Southern, and Old Dominion.
Current stadiums.
END OF NOTE-->
1 – Largest football crowd. Larger attendance records may exist for other configurations of the stadium. Also, a few stadiums now have lower football capacity than in the past; one example is California Memorial Stadium, whose capacity dropped by more than 9,000 in its most recent renovation.<br>2 – Year of most recent completed stadium expansion/major upgrade
Future stadiums.
This list includes the following:
Here. conference affiliations are those expected to be in effect when the stadium becomes an FBS venue, whether by opening, reopening, or a school's entry into provisional FBS membership.

</doc>
<doc id="9897552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897552" title="Biarc">
Biarc

A biarc is a model commonly used in geometric modeling and computer graphics that is composed of two consecutive circular arcs with an identical tangent at the connecting point. Since the tangents at the connecting node are the same, the G1 continuity property is preserved. They can be used in approximation of splines and other plane curves by placing the two external endpoints on the curve, each with the same tangent as the curve's at that point, and finding the middle node according to some criteria. Thus a sequence of biarcs can be formed such that it is G1 continuous throughout and is tangential to the original curve (i.e. sharing its location and direction) at each biarc's end points. Shortening biarcs will improve the approximation's closeness to the original curve.
To approximate a Bézier curve with a biarc, take the two endpoints, A and B, of the Bézier. Find the point C which is the intersection of the tangents at A and B, then take the incircle of triangle ABC. Its centre, which lies on the bisectors of the three angles of the triangle, is the intersection point of the two arcs of the biarc. Their endpoints are A and B. The closer the centre lies to the curve, the better the approximation - if the distance is over a threshold, subdivide the Bézier.

</doc>
<doc id="9897554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897554" title="Herbick &amp; Held Printing Company">
Herbick &amp; Held Printing Company

Herbick & Held Printing Company was a high-end financial printer in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, that did business with many prominent companies such as US Steel, Mellon Bank and Gulf Oil, printing annual reports and other financial documents. It also printed many volumes for the University of Pittsburgh Press.
It was in business from 1903 to about 1984. It was founded by August Held (1861-1943), a German immigrant, and his partner, Nicholas Herbick. Herbick retired from the company in 1919. Held and his son, Bert, ran the company thereafter.
Its plant was located at 1117 Wolfendale Street, Pittsburgh PA 15233-2182.

</doc>
<doc id="9897560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897560" title="Millennium Square">
Millennium Square

Millennium Square may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9897563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897563" title="Hemma">
Hemma

Emma of Altdorf, also known as Hemma (803/808 – 31 January 876) was the wife of Louis the German, and Queen consort of Eastern Francia.
Life.
Her father was Welf, Count of Altorf; her mother was Heilwig of Saxony (born c. 775, died after 833), the daughter of Count Isanbart. Her sister was Judith (sometimes called "of Bavaria"), who was the second wife of Emperor Louis the Pious, and by marriage Queen and Empress of the Franks.
In 827 at Regensburg, Emma married Louis the German, son of the Carolingian Emperor Louis, and stepson of Emma's sister. She was thus from 817–843 Queen consort of Bavaria. She was given in 833, by her husband Louis, Obermünster Abbey in Regensburg. 
She is described as having had great qualities: an uncommon courage and talent, deployed on more than one occasion. In particular, she led an army against Adelchis of Benevento, when he revolted against Louis the German; it is said that, frightened by the arrival of the Queen, the traitor fled by boat to seek safety in Corsica. The "Annals of Saint-Bertin" however reproach Emma for a pride which displeased the people of Italy.
With the Treaty of Verdun in 843, she became Queen Consort of Eastern Francia. She died on 31 January 876, and was buried in St. Emmeram's Abbey, Regensburg.
Family.
By Louis, she had seven children:
Her sons became Kings; three of her daughters became nuns.

</doc>
<doc id="9897566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897566" title="Army Board">
Army Board

The Army Board is the top single-service management committee of the British Army, and has always been staffed by senior politicians and soldiers. Until 1964 it was known as the Army Council.
Membership of the Board.
The Executive Committee of the Army Board (ECAB) dictates the policy required for the Army to function efficiently and meet the aims required by the Defence Council and government. The Chief of the General Staff is the chairman of the Executive Committee of the Army Board.

</doc>
<doc id="9897571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897571" title="Gun Crazy (EP)">
Gun Crazy (EP)

Gun Crazy is an EP by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1993 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's first release as a three-piece, following the departure of guitarist/vocalist and founding member Jon Von Zelowitz earlier in the year. The band had previously released the song "Together Tonight" as a four-piece on "Strum ünd Bang, Live!?" in 1992, but recorded a new version for this release. All three tracks were later re-recorded for the album "Our Bodies Our Selves".
"Gun Crazy" soon went out of print because the band did not secure legal permission for use of the EP's cover photograph. However, its first two tracks were re-released on the CD version of "Big Black Bugs Bleed Blue Blood".

</doc>
<doc id="9897575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897575" title="Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation">
Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation

The Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation, in Winston-Salem, North Carolina is a non-profit organization classified as a 501(c)(3) by the Internal Revenue Service. The Foundation was created in 1997 by Dr. Houck Medford, to raise private funding for the Blue Ridge Parkway. 
The Foundation is governed by a volunteer Board of Trustees. Each Trustee is elected by their peers and serves a three-year term. The CEO runs the day-to-day operations of the Foundation, and is a paid staff member. The current CEO is Dr. Carolyn Ward. None of the other Trustees receives any compensation. 
The Foundation is not a membership organization. Its supporters are individuals, organizations, businesses and private and family foundations as well as participants in the North Carolina State Employees Campaign and the Combined Federal Campaign. A large part of the funding for the Foundation comes from the NC Blue Ridge Parkway Specialty plate. 
All supporters receive the "Scenic", a biannual journal describing the Foundation's activities and highlighting Blue Ridge Parkway projects. The Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation also has an electronic newsletter that is free to all subscribers and is available online, http://www.brpfoundation.org.
Purpose.
The Foundation exists to support Blue Ridge Parkway programs primarily for visitor services and education, cultural and historic preservation, planning and scientific research. The Foundation's support of Parkway programs must meet two criteria: to have a lasting value and to enhance the quality of the visitor experience.
Priorities.
The Foundation works with land conservation organizations including Western Virginia Land Trust, High Country Conservancy and the Conservation Trust of North Carolina to preserve the Parkway's scenic qualities.
The Foundation funds Parks As Classrooms, the National Park's education outreach in elementary schools which allows seasonal park rangers to travel to the schools in twenty-nine counties. The program teaches elementary age children about the National Parks, the Parkway's natural resources, and the importance of conservation.
The Foundation also sponsors the Kids in Parks Initiative along with, the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina Foundation. Working together with partners throughout the community, its mission is to increase physical activity of children and their families, to improve nutritional choices, and to get kids outdoors and along the Blue Ridge Parkway. Details about the Kids in Parks program can be found online at http://www.kidsinparks.com.
The Foundation also rewards visitors who have traveled all 469 miles of the Parkway, whether in one visit or many through its End-to-Ender program. Travelers can apply for their certificate at http://www.endtoender.org.
The Blue Ridge Parkway celebrated its 75th anniversary in 2010. The Parkway is the most visited unit in the National Park System, hosting over 16 million visitors each year. 
Endowments.
In addition to directly funding projects, the Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation maintains endowment funds for the benefit of Blue Ridge Parkway resources. Endowment funds exist for the preservation of Moses H. Cone Memorial Park and its carriage trails, the Museum of North Carolina Minerals which is in the Spruce Pine Mining District, as well as for the Blue Ridge Parkway's "Parks As Classrooms".

</doc>
<doc id="9897591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897591" title="1689 in Ireland">
1689 in Ireland

Events from the year 1689 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9897612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897612" title="Richard Oppel">
Richard Oppel

Richard A. Oppel (born c. 1943 in Florida) is an American journalist and was editor of the "Austin American-Statesman" from 1995 to 2008. He was previously editor of the "Charlotte Observer", which earned three Pulitzer Prizes (sharing one with the "Atlanta Constitution" for editorial cartoons) under his editorship.
After serving in the Marine Corps, Oppel graduated from the University of South Florida and began his career with "The Tampa Tribune".
He worked for the Associated Press and the "Detroit Free Press" before becoming executive editor of the "Tallahassee Democrat" in 1977, and then editor of the "Charlotte Observer" in 1978.
Family.
Oppel is married to Carol V. Oppel, a freelance writer specializing in religious topics.
A son, Richard A. Oppel, Jr., is a foreign correspondent for "The New York Times". A daughter, Shelby Oppel Wood, is an education reporter at "The Oregonian" newspaper.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9897624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897624" title="Gustavo Napoles">
Gustavo Napoles

Gustavo Nápoles (Born on May 11, 1973), is a Mexican Footballer currently playing as an Attacking Midfielder for Mexico's Primera División A in Tigres Los Mochis.
Gustavo is a charismatic player that has given his services to many of the most famous teams in Mexico. Nicknamed "El Gusano" ("The Worm") for the way he celebrated his goals, Gustavo is known by many. He began his career with UANL Tigres debuting against Santos Laguna on November 16, 1991. He played with his hometown team until 1995 when his contract was bought by Mexico's most famous team, Chivas de Guadalajara. He gained most of his popularity playing for "El Rebaño" sagrado, he was part of the Championship winning team for the Verano 1997 Tournament. However "El Gusano"'s time with Chivas de Guadalajara ended in
with the Verano 1998 Tournament, he was traded to Atlante F.C.. He stayed at Atlante F.C. for a year, and was soon traded to Club América for just the Verano 1999 season. His next move was to the relegated team Celaya for part of the 1999-2000 season only to go back to Atlante F.C. for the latter half. The 2000-2001 season saw his return to Chivas de Guadalajara until the 2002-2003 season when he was moved to Chiapas. He soon moved to the relegated team Puebla FC in the 2003-2004 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9897634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897634" title="Tom Mitchell (American football)">
Tom Mitchell (American football)

Thomas Gordon Mitchell (born August 22, 1944 in Newport, Rhode Island) is a former college and professional American football player. A 6'2", . tight end from Bucknell University, Mitchell played 1 season (1966) for the American Football League's Oakland Raiders, and ten seasons (1968 - 1977) in the National Football League for the Baltimore Colts and the San Francisco 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="9897707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897707" title="Tim Brewer">
Tim Brewer

Tim Brewer is an American stock-car racing crew chief and television analyst.
Brewer joined NASCAR on ESPN for the 2007 season. He is part of "NASCAR Countdown", the pre-race show, with host Brent Musburger and fellow analyst Brad Daugherty. He is also a contributor to "NASCAR Now", the daily NASCAR information program on ESPN2. During each race, Brewer returns to the coverage to analyze race stories by using a "cut-away" car, which is a show car provided by Chevrolet.
Brewer won two championships as a crew chief working for owner Junior Johnson. His first was with driver Cale Yarborough in 1978 and his second was with Darrell Waltrip in 1981. He later worked for Morgan-McClure Motorsports
Johnson replaced Brewer with Jeff Hammond. Today, the two work for competing networks (Hammond is on NASCAR on Fox) with very similar roles.
Brewers drivers won 53 Cup points races and 55 Cup points pole positions. He is supported on the ESPN productions by Nelson Crozier, a premier innovator in the NASCAR environment for over 40 years.
Tim Brewer and Nelson Crozier are partners in T and N Products, an intellectual properties LLC and have a patent pending on a unique safety indicating lug nut. Their company also serves as an expert witness for the major Detroit auto manufacturers
and nationally known law firms.

</doc>
<doc id="9897725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897725" title="Jeffrey Schwarz">
Jeffrey Schwarz

Jeffrey Schwarz (born 1969) is a filmmaker and producer based in Los Angeles, California. His latest documentary feature is "I Am Divine", about the international drag superstar and John Waters' leading lady Divine. It had its world premiere at the 2013 South by Southwest Film Festival, and its Baltimore premiere at the Maryland Film Festival.
His previous documentary feature is HBO Documentary Films' "Vito," about the life of Vito Russo, gay activist, film scholar, and author of The Celluloid Closet, premiered at the 2011 New York Film Festival and made its television debut on HBO in July, 2012. The DVD was released by First Run Features in April, 2013. Vito received an Emmy Award for Outstanding Research at the 2013 News and Documentary Emmy Awards, as well as a GLAAD Media Award nomination for Outstanding Documentary.
In 2008, Jeffrey premiered the GayVN award winning feature documentary "", a portrait of 1970s adult film star Jack Wrangler. It premiered at 2008's Newfest and is distributed by TLA Releasing. It frequently airs on Logo.
"Spine Tingler! The William Castle Story," about the legendary Hollywood showman, premiered at the 2007 American Film Institute's AFIFest and was awarded the Audience Award for Best Documentary among many other festival honors. It was released as part of the William Castle box set in 2009 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment and in 2011 was released as a stand-alone Special Edition DVD. It has aired on The Documentary Channel and TCM.
As President and CEO of Automat Pictures, Schwarz specializes in the production of studio EPKs (electronic press kits), Blu-ray and DVD content, and original television programming. Since the company's founding in 2000, he has produced content for major studio releases for directors such as Martin Scorsese, David Lynch, Jonathan Demme, Ron Howard, Sam Mendes, Wes Craven, Rob Reiner, Joe Dante, Barry Sonnenfeld, Adam Shankman, Paul Verhoeven, John Carpenter, Chris Columbus (filmmaker), the Coen Brothers, Sidney Lumet, and many more. Jeffrey's documentary "People Like Us: Making Philadelphia", premiered at the 2003 San Francisco Lesbian and Gay Film Festival. Schwarz also executive produced "Whether You Like It Or Not: The Story of Hedwig," which enjoyed a run at film festivals around the world. "No Day But Today: The Story of Rent" was featured on the DVD release of that musical's feature film adaptation.
Television productions include Starz (TV channel)'s "Sex and the Cinema," a look at sexuality on film; "In the Gutter," a history of the gross-out movie; "Hitchcocked!," a tribute to the artistry of Alfred Hitchcock; and "Shooting the Police: Cops on Film." For the Independent Film Channel he produced "Reservoir Dogs Revisited", a celebration of Quentin Tarantino's classic, and "Still Swingin"', a tribute to the indie classic "Swingers"; he also produced several episodes of "HBO First Look".
In 2010, Automat Pictures provided exclusive backstage content for the 82nd Academy Awards produced by Adam Shankman and Bill Mechanic.
Schwarz is currently in production on "Tab Hunter Confidential," about the life of actor Tab Hunter.
A New York native, Jeffrey is a graduate of the SUNY Purchase Film Department, where he produced "Al Lewis in the Flesh", a profile of "Grampa" Al Lewis, octogenarian star of TV's "The Munsters". This film observes the American pastime of celebrity adulation and led to Jeffrey's on-going interest in producing films about popular culture and Americana. His first job in the film industry was as an apprentice editor on "The Celluloid Closet", Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman’s film adaptation of Vito Russo’s seminal book.

</doc>
<doc id="9897739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897739" title="Avantix Mobile">
Avantix Mobile

AVANTIX Mobile ("AVB") is a portable railway ticket issuing system used across the British railway network.
Development.
Development started in 2000 by Sema Group plc, an IT services company which was acquired by Schlumberger Ltd in 2001 and became "SchlumbergerSema". (The company has since been acquired by France-based IT group Atos, SA.) Atos now continue to develop and maintain the system. The first machines were bought and put into use by train operating companies (TOCs) in 2002. By late 2005, market penetration had reached 80%, and as of 2007 SPORTIS has been superseded completely.
The AVANTIX Mobile hardware was designed, developed and engineered by Hyphen Design Ltd, of London. Particular design and engineering challenges were a tamper-resistant PDA retention and ejection mechanism, and a secure loading door latch, to prevent the device spilling ticket stock or batteries if dropped onto concrete from a height of 1.5M. Hyphen Design also developed a cartridge design for holding Z-fold or fan-fold ticket stock. With the horizontally mounted cartridge, a stack of 3 or five or more of the fan-fold stock could easily be drawn into the print head and jam it. The solution was a pad of fine silicone rubber fingers, stuck to the top and bottom internal surfaces of the cartridge, to provide just enough grip on the uneven ticket stack, without putting too much load on the print head.
AVANTIX Mobile is the successor to the SPORTIS system which had been developed in the mid-1980s for British Rail. SPORTIS was the first fully computerised portable ticketing system for use by on-train staff and Revenue Protection Inspectors, and in other situations where mobile ticket-issuing facilities are required. However, by 2002, the machines themselves were up to 15 years old, with their underlying technology being several years older, and they lacked the storage capacity for the increasing variety of fares and promotions available on the post-privatisation British railway system.
AVANTIX Mobile machines were first adopted by TOCs owned at the time by the National Express Group; however, they are now in use across all National Rail-controlled TOCs with the exception of Merseyrail who continued to issue paper tickets until TVMs had been installed at the last few stations on the Wirral line, which did not have any ticket issuing facilities.
Ticket stock.
Whereas the former SPORTIS system was only able to print non-magnetically-encoded tickets on flimsy paper rolls, AVANTIX Mobile can produce tickets both in this format and with magnetic stripe encoding on card tickets with a magnetic stripe. Paper tickets are provided in rolls of 450; card stock comes in "fan-fold" packs of 250 (however, roll-stock is no longer used as magnetically encoded card stock has become the Rail Settlement Plan standard).
Magnetically encoded tickets have the advantage of being able to operate the automatic ticket gates which are used at a large number of National Rail stations throughout Britain, as well as at the majority of London Underground stations.
Paper roll tickets carry the Rail Settlement Plan form number RSP 3594: the same as on post-privatisation SPORTIS tickets, as SPORTIS used the same blank stock. Gatwick Express has frequently used dedicated stock, RSP 3594/GA, with a red colour scheme and security background (RSP 3594 is orange with a pale green background). Three types of card stock have been used: two versions with the form number RSP 3599, and one (used most often as of 2007) numbered RSP 9299. On the first version of RSP 3599, each ticket had diagonally cut-off corners, but this later changed to rounded corners as is standard on most other ticket issuing systems. Both of these types had pre-printed headings such as "Class" and "Ticket Type". With the move to "Common Stock" ticketing, where all information is printed by the machine, RSP 9299 stock with no pre-printed headings was introduced. These tickets have always had rounded corners.
System description.
The machine as a whole consists of a specialised PDA device, upon which all fare, timetable and other data is stored; a small ticket printer and its batteries; the blank ticket stock; and a ticket cradle which holds the tickets when they have been printed. The printer and ticket stock are housed within a plastic case into which the PDA slides.
Including the plastic casing, an AVANTIX Mobile machine is 262 mm tall, 126 mm wide and has a depth of 175 mm. Total weight including batteries, a full set of ticket stock and the padded shoulder strap, is 2.03 kg. Thermal printing is used, with a magnetically encoded ticket typically taking seconds to print. The printer uses two lithium-ion batteries, similar to those used in many standard consumer electronics products. These are charged in standard charging trays as used in camcorders, for example.
AVB issues tickets on magnetically encoded common ticket stock. The thermally printed tickets emerge from the top of the printer.
There are three options for credit-card acceptance
For passengers who do not have a Chip and PIN Credit or Debit cards, these are processed by a swipe slot in the AVANTIX casing which reads the magnetic stripe of the card and requires the buyer to sign a card receipt. This magnetic read head can also be used to swipe suitable magnetic tickets and will tell the user if the ticket has been through a ticket barrier.
The PDA works as a touch screen instrument using either stylus or finger.
The fares and timetable information on the PDA is stored on a memory card. Updates are downloaded when the PDA is in a docking station.
All fares are on AVB although advance purchase tickets can't be sold as generally these require seat reservations. Only weekly season tickets can be sold. Monthly and annual prices can be looked up by going to the season enquiry menu. All types of Railcard discounts, local council discount schemes and other concessions are loaded on to an AVB. PLUS+BUS tickets and rover tickets can also be sold along with certain ferry and bus through ticketing. AVB can handle both CRS station short codes and National Location Codes (NLCs); but if the user does not know either code, typing in the station name will bring the fares up.
Timetable information can also be accessed by using the timetable enquiry facility. Whilst using the timetable enquiry screen, if you highlight the start and end of one leg of the train journey and choose select this will then show where that train started and every planned stop with the times right through to the journey's end.
Multiple ticket issues can be done using the shopping basket facility. So if a buyer wishes to purchase numerous tickets they can all be grouped together in the shopping basket and sold as one transaction.
The user can also issue group tickets on to just one ticket rather than printing off multiple tickets.
Last 16 issues facility shows last 16 tickets issued, which is handy for repeat fare transactions.
AVB also comes loaded with a popular products function where a code is entered a screen with the most popular fares for a route will be displayed. This saves the user typing in the origin, destination and ticket type as popular products enable the user to just hit one button on one screen rather than going through 3-4 screens.
Cash, Travel Vouchers, Traders Warrants, Forces Warrants, Cheques and Credit / Debit cards are all accepted payments for AVB users. Visa Electron and International Maestro cards are not accepted on any portable equipment due to the need for online authorisation. (They are accepted at many train operating companies' ticket counters.)
Incident enquiry screen shows printer and PDA battery life as well as any non-issued tickets.
AVB can be secured by the user to prevent misuse by setting a code word.

</doc>
<doc id="9897759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897759" title="Nancy R. Stocksdale">
Nancy R. Stocksdale

Nancy R. Stocksdale (born June 22, 1934) is a delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
Background.
Nancy Stocksdale is one of the delegates for District 5A, which covers portions Carroll County. Stocksdale was first elected in 1994 along with Democrat Richard N. Dixon and Republican Joseph M. Getty.
In 1998, Stocksdale again won reelection, this time with the most votes of the three elected candidates. The Republicans swept out the Democrats with Carmen Amedori winning the seat previously held by Dixon.
In 2002, the district lines were redrawn and votes were only allowed to select two candidates. Stocksdale and Amedori won reelection defeating Democrats Kimberly Petry and Robert Wack. Getty went on to serve newly elected Republican governor Bob Ehrlich as Policy and Legislative Director.
In 2006, Stocksdale again won reelection, this time with Tanya Shewell, when Amedori was appointed to the Maryland Parole Commission.
Education.
Stocksdale attended Franklin High School in Reisterstown. She later graduated from Western Maryland College in 1956 with her B.S. in Home Economics.
Career.
After college, Stocksdale taught in the Baltimore County Public Schools system. She raised a family of five children and one foster child while also starting several local businesses. Nancy and her husband sold World Book Encyclopedia door to door throughout the 70's and into the 80's, sharing the love of learning with Maryland families. She and her husband, William "Jack" Stocksdale rose to become managers of the DelMarVa tri-state area. She has served 3 terms as the President of the Carroll County Republican Club. Nancy Stocksdale was elected to the Carroll County Central Committee in 1990. During her term, she worked in Representative Roscoe Bartlett's office.
As a member of the House of Delegates, Nancy has been the assistant Minority Leader since 2007, Deputy Minority Whip from 2003–06, and served on the Appropriations Committee and the Joint Committee on Children, Youth, and Families.

</doc>
<doc id="9897783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897783" title="Dennis Hodgetts">
Dennis Hodgetts

Dennis 'Denny' Hodgetts (born Birmingham, England 28 November 1863, died 26 March 1945) was a football (soccer) player in the early years of professional football in England.
Dennis Hodgetts signed for Aston Villa in 1886. The following year he scored the first goal in Aston Villa's first FA Cup final triumph. In 1895 he collected another FA Cup winners medal with Villa. Hodgetts was also a key member of the League Championship winning sides of 1894 and 1896.
On the eve of Villa's Double winning success in 1897 (in what would have been his third FA Cup final with Villa) Hodgetts transferred to local rivals Small Heath before retiring in 1898.
He made 6 appearances for England between 1888 and 1894, scoring once.
He went on to become a publican, and in 1930 was elected Aston Villa's vice-president, a position he held until his death, aged 81, in March 1945.
The Villa News and Record 1 Sept. 1906

</doc>
<doc id="9897784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897784" title="Lapsa">
Lapsa

Lapsa refers to "Líneas Aéreas Platenses S.A.", the name of a regional airline based in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Fleet.
Currently, Lapsa's fleet consists of three Embraer EMB 120 Brasilia

</doc>
<doc id="9897795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897795" title="Head New Media">
Head New Media

Head New Media was an influential web design and interactive television agency set up in the UK in 1997. In 1998 it became the UK digital arm of the world's fourth largest advertising group Lowe Worldwide, part of Interpublic. The agency was at one point the most awarded in Europe and produced an 'in-house' website Head-Space which won awards including Cannes and in 2011 was listed by Management Today as being one of "Ten Websites That Changed the World" and a precursor to YouTube. In 1998 the UK's first specialist interactive television creative agency Head End was set up as a wholly owned subsidiary (later acquired by Underwired).
Head New Media's clients included the BBC, Sci-Fi Channel, Unilever (for which the agency produced interactive television advertising on cable operator NTL), Tesco (one of the first interactive TV ads on Flextech), General Motors, Mars Confectionery's Snickers (whose website Snickers MegaBite won a variety of major global advertising awards between 1997-8) and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Its original founders were Felix Velarde and Jason Holland, previously of HyperInteractive (1994–1997) and, following Head New Media's liquidation in 2001, Underwired.
The agency was the subject of a BBC documentary made in 1999 by Uden Associates. The documentary is still occasionally broadcast in Europe as part of BBC Worldwide's business education strand.

</doc>
<doc id="9897796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897796" title="Rnd">
Rnd

Rnd, RnD or RND may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9897809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897809" title="Henry Jodrell">
Henry Jodrell

Henry Jodrell (c. 1750–11 March 1814) was an English barrister and Member of Parliament.
Henry Jodrell was a son of Paul Jodrell, Solicitor-General to Frederick, Prince of Wales, and his wife Elizabeth. Richard Paul Jodrell, (1745 – 1831), classical scholar and playwright, and Sir Paul Jodrell (died 1803), Physician to the Nabob of Arcot, were his elder brothers. He was MP for Great Yarmouth from 1796 to 1802, and MP for Bramber, Sussex from 1802 to 1812.

</doc>
<doc id="9897814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897814" title="Jorge Brítez">
Jorge Brítez

Jorge Brítez (born 2 February 1981) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Club Rubio Ñu.
Career.
Overview.
Brítez played in the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria as well as the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina. There, he was spotted by officials from a Spanish club and moved on to Europe but never fulfilled his potential there ultimately returning to his native Paraguay. Stints abroad in Israel and Portugal did not bear any fruit for Brítez' career for the second time so he returned to Paraguay. On 30 August 2010, he signed with the Superleague Greece club Panserraikos F.C.. According to Paraguayan media, tired of the abuse and conflict between managers, coaches and players of Panserraikos F.C., Brítez terminated his contract with Panserraikos F.C. on 25 October 2010 and returned to Paraguay. Another website stated that Jorge Britez returned to Paraguay after annulling Panserraikos contract. Britez's agent Miguel Gonzalez Zelada explained that "With Britez we arrived at an agreement with the Greek club to cancel the contract, since he has not adapted, he does not like the treatment he received from the directors and the management. Now we are going to see where he can train, and by the end of the year find a club to play at,".
On 20 December 2010, Brítez revealed that his manager is in negotiations with Peruvian football club Juan Aurich. On 4 January 2011, Peruvian media announced that the player signed with Peruvian football club Juan Aurich.
Stint in Israel.
After playing with the Paraguayan national team, Jorge was spotted by scouts of Maccabi Haifa. He joined the squad along with Dante López but the two had trouble acclimating to life in Israel. Britez was expected to take on a defensive midfield role but Haifa officials later found out that that was not his natural position. He ended up finishing his only season in Israel and moving on to play club football in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="9897835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897835" title="Gershwin Prize">
Gershwin Prize

The Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song is an award given to a composer or performer for their lifetime contributions to popular music. Created in 2007 by the Library of Congress, the prize is named after brothers George Gershwin and Ira Gershwin, whose contributions to popular music included songs such as "I Got Rhythm," "Embraceable You," and "Someone to Watch Over Me," the orchestral pieces "Rhapsody in Blue" and "An American in Paris", and the opera "Porgy and Bess". The first recipient of the award was Paul Simon.
History.
The national prize for popular song, eventually named the Gershwin Prize, was created by Peter Kaminsky, Bob Kaminsky, Cappy McGarr, Mark Krantz, and Dalton Delan, subsequent to their creation of the national humor award, the Kennedy Center Mark Twain Prize. The project was presented to the Librarian, James Billington in 2003. The executive producers then secured a partnership with WETA, PBS, and CPB. It was first awarded by the Librarian in 2007 to recognize "the profound and positive effect of popular music on the world’s culture" as part of the Library's mission to recognize and celebrate creativity. The recipient of the Gershwin Prize is said to: "exemplify the standard of excellence associated with the Gershwins." In selecting the recipient, the Librarian of Congress works with staff of the Library's Music Division as well as the broader music community.
On March 1, 2007, Paul Simon was announced as the first recipient of the new award, which joins other awards bestowed by the Library including the Living Legend and Kluge Prize. The Prize was awarded to Simon during a Concert Gala featuring his music at the Warner Theatre in Washington, D.C., on the evening of May 23, 2007. The event was nationally broadcast on PBS on the evening of June 27, 2007. Performers included Yolanda Adams, Marc Anthony, Shawn Colvin, The Dixie Hummingbirds, Jessy Dixon and the Jessy Dixon Singers, Jerry Douglas, Philip Glass, Alison Krauss, Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Lyle Lovett, Stephen Marley, Dianne Reeves, James Taylor, Stevie Wonder, and Buckwheat Zydeco, as well as Simon's former collaborator Art Garfunkel.
On September 3, 2008, the Library of Congress announced that Stevie Wonder would become the second recipient of the honor. President Barack Obama presented Wonder with the Library of Congress' Gershwin Prize at a ceremony at the White House on February 25, 2009. Performers included Wonder as well as India.Arie, Tony Bennett, Wayne Brady, Anita Johnson, Diana Krall, Mary Mary, Martina McBride, Rickey Minor, Paul Simon, Esperanza Spalding and will.i.am.
On November 18, 2009, the Library of Congress announced Sir Paul McCartney as the third recipient of the honor. The ceremony for McCartney was held on June 2, 2010 in the East Room of the White House with President Obama and Mrs. Obama in attendance. Performers included McCartney as well as Stevie Wonder, Elvis Costello, Jonas Brothers, Herbie Hancock, Corinne Bailey Rae, Dave Grohl, Faith Hill, Emmylou Harris, Lang Lang and Jack White, with remarks by Jerry Seinfeld.
On September 27, 2011, the Library of Congress announced Burt Bacharach and Hal David as the fourth recipients of the honor. The presentation ceremony was held May 9, 2012 during a White House tribute concert (recorded for later broadcast on PBS) with the President and Mrs. Obama in attendance. Performers included Dionne Warwick, the singer most associated with the duo's works, Stevie Wonder, Diana Krall, Lyle Lovett, Sheryl Crow, Mike Myers, Arturo Sandoval, and Michael Feinstein, who spoke of Ira Gershwin's admiration of the pair's songs.
On December 13, 2012, Carole King was announced as the recipient of the fifth Gershwin Prize, the first time it was awarded to a woman composer.
On Tuesday, May 21, 2013, the Library of Congress hosted an invitation-only concert at Coolidge Auditorium in honor of King. The all-star tribute included performances by Siedah Garrett, Colbie Caillat, Gian Marco, Shelby Lynne, Patti Austin, Arturo Sandoval and King's daughter, Louise Goffin. 
The following night at the White House, the First Family joined King and star performers including James Taylor, Gloria Estefan, Emeli Sandé, Trisha Yearwood, Jesse McCartney and Billy Joel.

</doc>
<doc id="9897840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897840" title="The Night of the Iguana (film)">
The Night of the Iguana (film)

The Night of the Iguana is a 1964 film based on the 1961 play of the same name written by Tennessee Williams. Directed by John Huston, it featured Richard Burton, Ava Gardner, and Deborah Kerr.
The film won the 1964 Academy Award for Best Costume Design, and was nominated for the Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and Best Cinematography. Actress Grayson Hall received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and Cyril Delevanti received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
"The Night of the Iguana" drew considerable attention for stories around its production, since Richard Burton had brought his soon-to-be-wife Elizabeth Taylor to the location set.
Plot.
The preface to the story shows Episcopal priest Reverend Dr. T. Lawrence Shannon (Richard Burton) having a "nervous breakdown" after being ostracized by his congregation for having an inappropriate relationship in Virginia with "a very young Sunday school teacher."
Two years later, Shannon, now a tour guide for bottom-of-the-barrel Texas company Blake Tours, is taking a group of Baptist School teachers by bus to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. The group's brittle group leader is Miss Judith Fellowes (Grayson Hall), whose 17-year-old niece Charlotte Goodall (Sue Lyon) tries to seduce Shannon. Charlotte's aunt, described as "butch" by the other characters, accuses Shannon of trying to seduce her niece and declares that she will ruin him. 
In a moment of despair, Shannon the bus and occupants, and tries to prevent Fellowes from calling his boss by stranding their bus at a cheap (and, he mistakenly thinks, phoneless) Costa Verde Hotel in Mismaloya on the coast. Shannon thinks that the hotel is still run by an old friend named Fred, but finds that the man died recently, and the hotel is now run by Fred's widow, Maxine Faulk (Ava Gardner). Maxine becomes interested in Shannon.
Another woman at the hotel is Hannah Jelkes (Deborah Kerr), a beautiful and chaste itinerant painter from Nantucket, who is traveling with her elderly poet grandfather (Cyril Delevanti). Hannah and her grandfather have run out of money, but Shannon convinces Maxine to let them have rooms. Over a long night, Shannon battles his weaknesses for both flesh and alcohol: Miss Fellowes' niece continues to make trouble for him, and he is "at the end of his rope," just like the iguana kept tied by Maxine's cabana boys. Shannon suffers a breakdown, the cabana boys truss him in a hammock, and Hannah ministers to him there with poppy-seed tea and frank spiritual counsel. 
Hannah's grandfather delivers the final version of the poem he has been laboring to finish and dies. The characters try to resolve their confused lives with Shannon and Maxine deciding to run the hotel together. Hannah walks away from her last chance at love.
Production.
James Garner says he was originally offered the role played by Richard Burton but he turned it down as "it was just too Tennessee Williams for me."
In September 1962 Huston, Lyon, and Burton, accompanied by Elizabeth Taylor, arrived at Puerto Vallarta—a "remote little fishing village"—for principal photography, which lasted 72 days. Huston liked the area's fishing so much that he bought a $30,000 house "in a cottage colony eight miles outside town."
By March 1964, months before the film's release, gossip about the film's production was widespread. Huston received an Writers Guild of America award for advancing "the literature of the motion picture through the years." At the award dinner, Allan Sherman performed a song, to the tune of "Streets of Laredo", with lyrics that included, "They were down there to film "The Night of the Iguana" / With a star-studded cast and a technical crew. / They did things at night midst the flora and fauna / That no self-respecting iguana would do."
Reception.
The film grossed $12 million worldwide at the box office, earning $4.5 million in US theatrical rentals It was the 10th highest grossing film of 1964.
"Time" magazine said, "Huston and company put together a picture that excites the senses, persuades the mind, and even occasionally speaks to the spirit—one of the best movies ever made from a Tennessee Williams play."
Bosley Crowther wrote, 
Since difficulty of communication between individuals seems to be one of the sadder of human misfortunes that Tennessee Williams is writing about in his play, "The Night of the Iguana", it is ironical that the film John Huston has made from it has difficulty in communicating, too. At least, it has difficulty in communicating precisely what it is that is so barren and poignant about the people it brings to a tourist hotel run by a sensual American woman on the west coast of Mexico. And because it does have difficulty—because it doesn't really make you see what is so helpless and hopeless about them—it fails to generate the sympathy and the personal compassion that might make their suffering meaningful. 
Crowther was particularly critical of Burton's performance, calling him 
spectacularly gross, a figure of wild disarrangement, but without a shred of real sincerity. You see a pot-bellied scarecrow flapping erratically. And in his ridiculous early fumbling with the Lolitaish Sue Lyon (whose acting is painfully awkward), he is farcical when he isn't grotesque.
Awards and honors.
Of the film's four Oscar nominations, it won one, for Best Costume Design in a black-and-white film (Dorothy Jeakins). Also nominated were Grayson Hall (for Best Supporting Actress), Stephen B. Grimes (for Best Art Direction in a black-and-white film), and Gabriel Figueroa (for Best Black-and-white Cinematography). Ava Gardner was nominated for a Golden Globe and a BAFTA as best actress. 
Legacy.
A hotel and resort complex, La Joya de Mismaloya, has been built at the bayfront of the village of Mismaloya; it maintains the film's old sets as restaurants and tourist attractions. A statue of John Huston was erected in Puerto Vallarta, where it still stands, because of his role in making the city a destination.
La Joya de Mismaloya is actually a group of privately owned condominiums on Banderas Bay, and is in the vicinity of the abandoned set of The Night of The Iguana. The resort complex aforementioned is Barceló, an all-inclusive resort situated a few kilometers to the north of La Joya de Mismaloya, at the bayfront of Mismaloya. Although the film's set can be seen from a pathway below, there is no access to it, even for the tour buses which take tourists past. There is a short walking path below which features a tall pole with a very large faux iguana atop it. In the past, a restaurant called John Huston's was open for tourist dining. It has since been abandoned, as well.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9897886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897886" title="Perspicaris">
Perspicaris

Perspicaris is a fossil arthropod from the Cambrian period. It was long and bivalved. The valves, encasing the thorax, were joined together by a dorsal hinge. 
It is difficult to establish the lifestyle of "Perspicaris". Its large eyes and other parts would suggest a swimming animal, yet it lacks claws, which seems to suggest a bottom feeder.
Two species of "Perspicaris" are found in the famous Burgess Shale in British Columbia, Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="9897893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897893" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 92">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 92

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 92 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897898" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 116">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 116

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 116 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897900" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 100">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 100

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 100 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897904" title="Article 99">
Article 99

Article 99 is a 1992 American dramatic film written by Ron Cutler and directed by Howard Deutch. It was produced by Orion Pictures and starred Kiefer Sutherland, Ray Liotta, Forest Whitaker, John C. McGinley, Rutanya Alda and Lea Thompson. The soundtrack was composed by Danny Elfman.
Plot.
When Dr. Peter Morgan (Sutherland) begins his medical internship at a Veteran's Administration hospital, he expects to breeze through on his way to a cushy practice. Instead, he's thrust into a bizarre bureaucratic maze where the health of patients is secondary to politics. And the temperature really rises when he teams up with some freewheeling physicians, led by Dr. Richard Sturgess (Liotta), who think they've learned how to break the rules-and save lives-without getting caught.
Title.
The film's title supposedly refers to a legal loophole, which states that unless his illness/injury is related to military service, a veteran is not eligible for VA hospital benefits.
Production.
The movie was filmed in Kansas City, Missouri. Many downtown landmarks can be seen in the introduction to the movie and throughout, including the Liberty Memorial. The hospital that was used in the film was known as St. Mary's Hospital that sat across the street from Liberty Memorial in Kansas City. The former hospital is now gone and now a Federal Reserve Bank occupies the land where the hospital once sat.
Reception.
"Article 99" earned $ ($ in today's terms) in its opening weekend (March 13, 1992), screening in 1,262 theaters, and ranking it as the number 6 film of that weekend. It earned a total domestic gross of $ ($ in today's terms).
"Article 99" has received mixed reviews, currently holding a 46% "rotten" rating on rotten tomatoes based on 13 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="9897909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897909" title="Celia Thomas, Baroness Thomas of Winchester">
Celia Thomas, Baroness Thomas of Winchester

Celia Marjorie Thomas, Baroness Thomas of Winchester(born on 14/10/1945 at Winchester, Hants ) MBE was a founding member of the Liberal Party in Winchester in the 1960s. 
Work History -
Administrator Winchester Diocesan Bd of Finance 1964-66, fundraiser Winchester Cathedral 1966-67, administrator Pilgrims' Sch Winchester 1967-72, administrator Christ Church Cathedral Sch Oxford 1972-74, Office of Rt Hon Jeremy Thorpe MP 1975-76, head Lib Dem Whips office House of Lords 1977-2006; chm Delegated Powers and Regulatory Reform Ctee, memb Procedure Ctee; chair Keynes Forum (formerly Lib Summer Sch) 2001-, pres Winchester Lib Dems, vice-pres Lloyd George Soc; patron Winchester Churches Nightshelter, patron Avonbrook Projects Abroad, tstee Muscular Dystrophy Campaign, patron Thrive 
On 26 May 2006, she was created a life peer with the title Baroness Thomas of Winchester, of Winchester in the County of Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9897918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897918" title="Neuendettelsau">
Neuendettelsau

Neuendettelsau is a local authority in Middle Franconia, Germany. Neuendettelsau is situated 20 miles southwest of Nuremberg and 12 miles east of Ansbach. Population: 7.833 (30. Juni 2006).
The city has three schools. Since 1947 it has a Lutheran seminary ("Augustana Hochschule"). It is connected by motorway A6.
Diakonie Neuendettelsau.
Reverend Wilhelm Löhe (1808–1872) founded in 1854 an institute for deaconesses. The "Diakonie Neuendettelsau" is one of today’s major independent Christian institutions for social welfare work in Germany and the biggest such enterprise in Bavaria. More than 5.800 employees at numerous institutions in Neuendettelsau and other regions all over Southern Germany and in other European countries take care of the people they are responsible for.

</doc>
<doc id="9897922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897922" title="George Cummings (footballer)">
George Cummings (footballer)

George Cummings (5 June 1913 – April 1987) known as the 'Granite-Hard Full-Back', was a Scottish footballer of the 1930s and 1940s.
Cummings was the captain of Aston Villa's great post-war defence, having signed for the club before the war, in 1935 from Partick Thistle. He represented both Scotland and the Scottish League XI.
He gained a Second Division championship medal in 1938 and a League War Cup tankard in 1944. He was Villa's skipper from 1945 to 1949. He was popular with supporters due to his never-say-die spirit and no-nonsense defending. He played 237 times for Villa between 1935 and his retirement in 1949.
On retirement he worked for the Dunlop Rubber Company and Hardy Spicer Ltd. in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="9897924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897924" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 93">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 93

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 93 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897926" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 94">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 94

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 94 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897928" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 95">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 95

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 95 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897931" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 96">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 96

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 96 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897935" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 97">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 97

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 97 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897947" title="Robert M. Galford">
Robert M. Galford

Robert M. Galford is the coauthor of three business books: "The Trusted Advisor" (with David Maister and Charles Green), "The Trusted Leader" (with Anne Seibold Drapeau), and, most recently, "Your Leadership Legacy" (with Regina Fazio Maruca).
Biography.
Galford was born in 1952 and was raised in Camden, New Jersey. His educational background includes Liceo Segre, Turin, Italy, a BA in Business and French Studies from Haverford College, an MBA from Harvard and a JD from Georgetown University Law Center.
Galford is a managing partner of the Center for Leading Organizations in Concord, MA where he works with senior executives on the issues that lie at the intersection of poverty and organization. He has taught executive programs at the Columbia University Graduate School of Business, the Kellogg Graduate School of Management, and Harvard. Earlier in his career, Rob was executive vice president and chief people officer of Digitas, a marketing services firm based in Boston. He was also vice president of the MAC Group and its successor firm, Gemini Crescent Consulting of Richmond Hill.
External links.
Business site: Center for Leading Organizations
Book site: Your Leadership Legacy
Book site: The Trusted Leader

</doc>
<doc id="9897973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897973" title="Spyker C12 Zagato">
Spyker C12 Zagato

The Spyker C12 Zagato is the second production car from the Dutch automobile manufacturer Spyker. The C12 Zagato is an all-aluminium, mid-engine/rear-drive exotic luxury sportscar.
On March 6, 2007 Spyker announced the C12 Zagato at the Salon International de l'Auto in Geneva. The Milanese design house Zagato co-designed the model. The C12 Zagato featured all-new design elements inspired by Formula 1. Though the exterior styling is somewhat of a departure from the C8, retained features include: scissor doors, interior styling, and general aviation theme. The C12 Zagato is powered by a 6.0 L W12 engine sourced from VW Group (the same engine as featured in the Audi A8 and Volkswagen Phaeton). For the C12 Zagato, Spyker Cars have tuned the W12 to produce 500-bhp. The engine is mated to a five-speed automatic gearbox with paddle shifters. Although the nomenclature suggests otherwise, the C12 Zagato is not based upon the C12 LaTurbie prototype. The Spyker C12 Zagato is priced at EUR 495,000 (approximately USD $740,000 or £450,000), and Spyker plan to produce only 24 copies.
Performance.
The C12 Zagato develops and from the specially-tuned W12 engine. With a KERB weight of , the Spyker will accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in 3.8 seconds, and then on to a top speed of 195 mph (313 km/h). Braking is accomplished by steel ventilated discs and features anti-lock braking. The automatic five-speed gearbox features a torque-converter in lieu of a clutch. Spyker say the move from manual gearboxes as seen in the Spyker C8 is as per customer request, and the new Aileron model will feature a ZF automatic gearbox similar to that of the C12 Zagato.

</doc>
<doc id="9897976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897976" title="Lost Highway">
Lost Highway

Lost Highway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9897983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897983" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 98">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 98

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 98 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897984" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 99">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 99

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 99 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897986" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 101">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 101

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 101 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897989" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 102">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 102

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 102 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9897996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9897996" title="List of European Cup and UEFA Champions League winning players">
List of European Cup and UEFA Champions League winning players

This is a list of association footballers who have received a winner's medal for playing on a winning team in the UEFA Champions League (including under its former name the European Cup). Some players have received medals without playing in the final match: either for being unused substitutes, or, more recently, for being in the squad in earlier rounds of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9898011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898011" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 103">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 103

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 103 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898013" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 104">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 104

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 104 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898015" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 105">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 105

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 105 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898016" title="Austral Líneas Aéreas Flight 2553">
Austral Líneas Aéreas Flight 2553

Austral Líneas Aéreas Flight 2553, better known as Austral 2553, was a domestic scheduled Posadas–Buenos Aires service operated with a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32 that crashed on the lands of Estancia Magallanes, Nuevo Berlín, away from Fray Bentos, Uruguay, on . All 74 passengers and crew perished after the impact. The accident remains the deadliest one in Uruguayan aviation history.
Aircraft.
The aircraft involved in the accident was a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32, registration LV-WEG. It had its maiden flight in 1969, and was 28 years old at the time of the accident. It had previously operated for Iberia with registration EC-BQT, and it was transferred to Austral after the buyout of the company by the Spanish carrier.
Accident.
The aircraft, which left from Posadas and was due to land in Aeroparque Jorge Newbery, Buenos Aires, was forced to divert towards Fray Bentos to avoid a storm. Examination of the aircraft's flight data recorder (FDR) revealed that shortly after the diversion occurred, the aircraft airspeed indicator began to fall to an alarmingly low indicated airspeed. Unbeknownst to the pilots, this was caused not directly, by a loss of power, but by ice formed inside the pitot tube, which reads the airspeed for the indicator by measuring the pressure of inflow air. The ice obstructing the pitot tube reduced the air inflow, thus giving an erroneously low indicated airspeed.
In response to what they interpreted as a loss of engine power, the pilots gradually increased power from the engines in order to maintain airspeed; seeing no improvement, they contacted the control tower in Ezeiza Airport and requested clearance to descend to a lower altitude. After receiving no response, the pilots decided to lower the aircraft's wing slats to maintain their altitude and lower the plane's stall speed. Consequently, at this point the airplane was actually flying at a speed not normal but even higher, and already descending, which further increased real airspeed to a point dangerously near to Vne or "never exceed speed", the speed above which structural damage to the aircraft might occur.
When lowering the slats at a speed beyond their operational limits, one of them was torn from the aircraft, causing catastrophic asymmetry in the air flow over the wings. The aircraft immediately became uncontrollable and crashed.
According to an investigation by both the Argentine and Uruguayan Air Forces, the pitot tube—the primary instrument for measuring aircraft airspeeds—froze when the aircraft passed through a high cumulonimbus cloud, blocking the instrument and causing it to give a false reading. Compounding this problem was the failure of the alarm designed to report such a malfunction (raising serious questions about inspection irregularities by the Argentine Air Force).
During the descent, the FDR recorded an increase in the airspeed from to in three seconds, which could only signify the sudden unfreezing of the pitot tube. Specialists estimated that the aircraft crashed almost perpendicularly to the ground, at a speed of . Depending upon the source, the crater left by the crash was deep and wide, deep and wide, or deep and wide.

</doc>
<doc id="9898020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898020" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 106">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 106

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 106 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898021" title="1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill">
1982 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill

Men's Downhill World Cup 1981/1982
Final point standings.
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1981/82 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().
Men's Downhill Team Results.
All points were shown including individuel deduction. bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9898032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898032" title="All Saints' Church, Weston">
All Saints' Church, Weston

All Saints' Church is a Church of England parish church which has been located on a hill at the centre of Weston, a small village on the outskirts of Bath, England, for a thousand years. The current Gothic church was designed by architect John Pinch the Elder and completed in 1832, although it maintains a 15th-century tower for its predecessor “All Hallows” Church.
Churchyard.
There are over 90 tablets in the churchyard and many more within the church, with some going back to the 12th century. The church kept excellent records which indicated that most of those buried here had no connection with the town but chose the spot for their final repose because it was an idyllically isolated community far from the smog and congestion of Bath. This popularity lasted for over 200 years.
Medieval church.
An early church is mentioned by Pope Adrian IV in an 1156 Bull. 
Jordanus, the first vicar, arrives at Weston in 1297. In the 15th century, “All Hallows” Church is built but is demolished in 1830 to create a larger space for a growing community, with only its original tower surviving. 
The church bells were recast by Thomas Bilbie of the Bilbie family at Chew Stoke in 1739, and were repaired and retuned between 1952 and 1953.[http://www.allsaintsonline.org.uk/aboutus/history.htm]
Victorian church.
The new church of “All Saints” was consecrated on June 2, 1832. It shares some similarities with Pinch’s other works at St. Mary the Virgin, Bathwick and St. Saviour, Larkhall, although both of those examples were newbuilds and are defined by tall western towers, whereas All Saints is more diminished. 
New seating with new transepts and a chancel were added between 1880 and 1893, and new “clergy and choir vestries were added in 1909.” The church furnishings and internal program have been remodeled several times since then and recently a restoration was undertaken of the tower. 
Near the tower door is a 19th-century font, and on the West Gallery are displayed William and Mary’s royal coat of arms.[http://www.allsaintsonline.org.uk/aboutus/history.htm]
Notable features.
On the south aisle there is the St Alphege window, which “commemorates the famous saint whom tradition says was born in Weston (St Alphege became the Abbot of Bath Abbey and then Archbishop of Canterbury). Also depicted is Guthram, King of the Danes, submitting to King Alfred and accepting Christianity.”
In the south transept, there is a “monument to Alderman Sherston dated 1641. He was Mayor of Bath in 1632.
“In a niche in the north wall of the chancel is found the oldest monument in the church from the 12-13th century. This is a stone coffin lid that was found under the south porch during the rebuilding of the church in 1830.”
Other monuments include a 1699 honoring John Harrington of Kelston, a monument to “Dr William Oliver (of biscuit fame) whose family owned Weston Manor for many years.”[http://www.allsaintsonline.org.uk/aboutus/history.htm]
Pevsner description of the church.
“Other than the simple C15 Perpw[est tower, the church was rebuilt in 1830-2 by John Pinch the Younger. E Harbottle of Exeter added the chancel and transepts in 1893, and Mowbray A. Green a memorial chapel in 1921. Nave and aisles. Tall lancet-like three-light windows with four-centred arches and Perp tracery. Battlements and pinnacles. Arcade of tall piers of Perp section carrying four-centred arches. The nave is broad and low with a rear gallery ...” 295
“Plate: Chalice and Cover 1572; Apostle Spoon 1614; Chalice and Paten 1692; Flagon 1739. ” 334

</doc>
<doc id="9898049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898049" title="St Mary's Church, Bathwick">
St Mary's Church, Bathwick

St Mary's Church, Bathwick (also called Bathwick Old Church) was a parish church in Bathwick in the city of Bath in England. The church was demolished in 1818. Its parish was succeeded by St Mary the Virgin's Church, Bathwick on Church Road at the base of Bathwick Hill. Its churchyard is currently contained in that of St John the Baptist's Church, Bathwick.
Medieval in origin, it was recorded in May 1815 as being merely 64 feet long, 17 feet wide with room for 130 people seated. It featured a dominant Early English tower, a nave and chancel and large nearly triangular buttresses. 
By the Georgian era, it was fast becoming a ruin. With William Pulteney's purchase of the Manor of Bathwick estate in 1727, the Pulteneys wished to relieve themselves of the small ruin on their estate, but waited until they had developed the property. By 1814, the new parish church of St Mary the Virgin, Bathwick at the base of Bathwick Hill was completed. The designer of that church, John Pinch the Elder, was shortly employed by the Pulteney family to demolish the medieval Mary's, then called Bathwick Old Church, which he carried out in January 1818. 
Many of the stones, as well as the altar, pulpit and roof timbers, were recycled to construct St Mary the Virgin Parish Church's new mortuary chapel, which was also designed by Pinch the Elder. However, this new chapel never was licensed to perform marriages and only occasionally performed funerals and baptisms. It is now bricked in, abandoned, and thoroughly decrepit. 
The churchyard and many of the burial plots of Bathwick Old Church still exists in St John the Baptist, Bathwick Churchyard. The east end of the Victorian church of St John's now occupies the west end tower location of Bathwick Old Church. The entirety of St John's was designed to fit in the old church's space.

</doc>
<doc id="9898053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898053" title="Dogs (French band)">
Dogs (French band)

Dogs are a French rock band from Rouen formed in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="9898055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898055" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 107">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 107

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 107 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898066" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 108">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 108

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 108 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898067" title="Diamond Parking">
Diamond Parking

Diamond Parking is a company based in Seattle, Washington that owns and operates parking lots in the US states of Alaska, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah, and Washington and the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. It was founded in 1922 by Josef Diamond.
Lawsuits.
Seattle newspapers report that in 2002 Diamond Parking settled a 2.2 million class action lawsuit regarding the imposition of questionable "collection fees" after customers failed to pay for using Diamond Parking lots in Washington state.
Controversy.
In October 2013, people in British Columbia complained that Diamond Parking was issuing tickets to drivers who were not even parked in their lots.
References.
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/drivers-fined-for-parking-when-not-parked-1.2252085

</doc>
<doc id="9898072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898072" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 109">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 109

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 109 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898076" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 110">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 110

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 110 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898082" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 111">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 111

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 111 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898086" title="Mint (newspaper)">
Mint (newspaper)

Mint is India's second largest business newspaper published by HT Media Ltd, the Delhi-based media group which also publishes the Hindustan Times. It mostly targets readers who are business executives and policy makers. It is India's first newspaper to be published in the Berliner format. Mint exclusively carries "WSJ" branded editorial content in its pages by virtue of the content sharing partnership between HT Media and Newscorp, which owns the Journal. The current Editor of the newspaper is Sukumar Ranganathan.
Launch.
Mint was launched in collaboration with "The Wall Street Journal" on 1 February 2007, with the Journal's former deputy managing editor, Raju Narisetti as its founding editor. Around eight months before the first edition was published, Narisetti went about hiring and assembling staffers for Mint. Several trial runs of the newspaper, with varying formats and names on its masthead were reportedly tried out before settling with the current ones. The launch team comprised some of India's leading business journalists as well as a handful of staffers from the Journal, whom Raju Narisetti had brought on board with the intention of bringing some WSJ style and flavour to Indian journalism. Informed observers saw it as a well calculated attack on the near monopoly of The Economic Times, published by The Times Group, HT Media's rival media conglomerate. Within two years of its launch, Mint was second only to ET and established itself as 'India's fastest growing business daily'.
Style.
The design of the "Mint" newspaper is geared towards presenting business and financial information in a compact format. The newspaper was initially designed by Mario Garcia, who has also been associated with the re-design of the "Wall Street Journal". Mint liberally uses infographics to tell stories and present data when compared with other dailies, publishing almost one a day and sometimes several.
Content and Culture.
Mint is the business daily from the stable of HT Media, which seeks to compete with the Economic Times, Business Standard, Business Line and The Financial Express (India). Although it is a daily newspaper (except on Sundays), Mint doesn't think of itself as a newspaper of record, choosing instead to focus on the bigger stories of the day, served along with analysis and lifestyle pieces. Some media critics have called Mint a 'daily magazine' because of this choice of presentation.
Mint "Lounge".
Saturdays see the distribution of Mint "Lounge", the weekend edition, which is more popular than the weekday issues based on increased circulation figures, especially with women readers. Lounge is a magazine-style supplement that focuses on the arts, food, culture, fashion, sport, music, etc. It features columns by Rohit Brijnath, Samar Halarnkar, Shoba Narayan, Mayank Austen Soofi, Aakar Patel and Natasha Badhwar.
Structure.
On the editorial side, Mint is organised into various teams based on reporting subject matter. Topic editors usually decide on the composition of stories for the next day's edition in a news conference held before the paper goes into the final stages of production. There are also small teams that focus on strategy, marketing, advertising and other aspects of publishing the paper and its ancillary offerings. Mint also houses technicians who work exclusively on HT Media's digital media projects, including apps for mobiles and tablets featuring Mint and other publications from HT Media.
The newsroom and management follows a relatively 'flat' structure, unlike in other divisions of HT Media.
Narisetti's Exit.
In late 2008, Narisetti quit his position as editor and decided to return to the United States where he joined the Washington Post. Ranganathan replaced Narisetti as editor. Narisetti's resignation, as it was revealed over time, was not without controversy: "He said he left earlier than he expected because of a “troubling nexus” of business, politics and publishing that he called “draining on body and soul.”"
Stance and editorial opinion.
Mint's editorial or "Views" page emphasizes free people, free economies and free societies. Its editorial pages broadly support economic liberalization and an unfettered economy but provide for some space for social programs that tackle especially grievous inequity. It has taken an especially strong position on national security and terrorism issues, opining in favour of strategic national interest over more liberal alternatives. However, the paper, like most English-language papers and magazines targeted at affluent Indians, does appear to be socially liberal.
Quick Edit.
Mint carries a short editorial piece on the front page titled "Quick Edit", which is quite popular for its concise, oft hard-hitting opinion. The longer opinion pieces titled "Our View" and guest opinion pieces titled "My view" or "Their Views" are carried in views pages towards the end of paper.

</doc>
<doc id="9898093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898093" title="Killer Shake">
Killer Shake

Killer Shake, a subsidiary of Killer Productions Company (now defunct) is a former brand of chocolate milk with a dessert-like style.
Designed to appeal to youth in the U.S., Killer Shake featured a surfer in apparent engagement with a killer shark—hence the same Killer Shake—while surfing a large wave. This design was especially appealing to surf culture during the late 1980s and early 1990s, particularly in Southern California.
Development.
On October 1, 1996, Dean Foods completed the acquisition of the rights to the Wacky Willie and Killer Shake trademarks for $300,000 in cash from Killer Productions Company. Dean Foods, was allowed at its sole option, before August 1999, to pay an additional $700,000 to Killer Productions representing the final portion of the purchase price. In addition, in the event net sales reached $5.0 million in any consecutive twelve-month period ending on or before August 1999, Dean Foods was required to pay the additional $700,000 that represented the final portion of the purchase price. Dean Foods manufactured and sold this product under a license arrangement for the period January 1, 1996, through September 30, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9898103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898103" title="Rappin' with the Ladies">
Rappin' with the Ladies

"Rappin' With the Ladies" is the first album by dancehall artist and DJ Shabba Ranks, released in 1988. The album contains collaborations with J.C. Lodge and Deborah Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="9898115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898115" title="Barry Switzer Center">
Barry Switzer Center

The Barry Switzer Center, on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman, Oklahoma, houses football offices, the football locker room, equipment room, the Siegfried Strength and Conditioning Complex, the Freede Sports Medicine Facility and the Touchdown Club Legends Lobby. The Center is located at the south end of the Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium. The Barry Switzer Center, dedicated on April 24, 1999, was named after OU’s all-time winningest head football coach. In Barry Switzer’s 16 seasons as the Oklahoma Sooners head football coach, the team won three national championships, 12 Big Eight Conference championships and eight bowl games in 13 appearances.
Anderson All-American Plaza.
The Anderson All-American Plaza, located just outside the Switzer Center, features a large wall honoring every OU All-American. The name of every letterwinner from each OU sport is also displayed.
Wilkinson Football Practice Facility.
The Wilkinson facility is the outdoor practice complex for the Oklahoma Sooners football team. It is named in honor of legendary Sooner Coach Bud Wilkinson.
Legends Lobby.
The Legends Lobby is home to a museum dedicated to the history of Oklahoma Sooners football. Among the pieces in the collection are all five Oklahoma Heisman Trophies, every individual Sooner award, every Sooner Bowl Championship Trophy, championship rings, and a Mural representing Sooner history and tradition.
Mural.
Artist Ted Watts completed the mural in December 1998 and has updated the mural to include recent accomplishments in 2002, 2005 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9898130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898130" title="Plains game">
Plains game

Plains game is well established in literature and conversation as the sporting hunter's generic term for all those fair-game species of antelope and gazelle which are to be found - typically in rather open plains or savanna habitats - throughout sub-Saharan Africa. The term is all-embracing, unscientific and rather imprecise, encompassing a great range of species from the little springbok and Thomson's gazelle to the very much larger kudu and eland.
Where the term plains game is used as an indication of the kind of game for which particular sporting rifle cartridges are deemed suitable, it is fair to assume that the same ammunition also performs efficiently on other ungulates occurring elsewhere in the world, such as deer.

</doc>
<doc id="9898138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898138" title="Stephan Galfas">
Stephan Galfas

Stephan Galfas is a music producer, currently CEO of International Talent Organization, Inc. and Miss Molly Records.
Biography.
Galfas is a producer, manager, promoter, mixer and recording engineer who has worked with many acts including Cher, The Allman Brothers Band, Meat Loaf, Stryper, Saxon, Dr. Sin, Savatage, Intergalactic Touring Band, ELO Part II, Pezband, Good Rats and GRAMMY nominee and 9 time Native American Music Award (NAMMY) winner Jana Mashonee. He currently resides in Greenwich, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="9898148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898148" title="Shazie Kapoli">
Shazie Kapoli

Shazie Kapoli is an Albanian film editor active in the Cinema of Albania since 1984.
He began as a film editor in "Fushë e blertë fushë e kuqe" in 1984. He has worked on a number of top Albanian films such as Balada e Kurbinit in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9898154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898154" title="List of appellations in Languedoc-Roussillon">
List of appellations in Languedoc-Roussillon

The Appellation d'origine contrôlée of Languedoc-Roussillon includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9898184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898184" title="Majakowskiring">
Majakowskiring

The Majakowskiring (named after Vladimir Mayakovsky) is an ellipse-shaped street in the Pankow district of Berlin, Germany, in the Niederschönhausen locality. It was famous as the residence of many senior figures in the government of the German Democratic Republic.
The "Majakowskiring" neighbourhood ("Ortslage") is situated between Grabbeallee to the west and northwest, Ossietzkystraße and Schlosspark to the east, Schloss Schönhausen to the northeast, and the Panke river to the south.
History.
Until 4 May 1950, the northern section was called Kronprinzenstraße and the southern section Viktoriastraße. It was then renamed after the Russian poet Vladimir Mayakovski. For a short time it was called Majakowskistraße.
Most of the houses were built in the 1920s and are mainly mansions which were inhabited by industrialists and artists, until the most of them were expropriated after the Second World War. In exceptional cases the former owners were allowed to remain if they continued to pay rent, for example in the case of the house No. 29. When the owners left East Berlin in 1950, these also were expropriated.
Until 1960, the members of the GDR government lived here, after the houses were converted to the taste of the new inhabitants by architects like Hans Scharoun. The Majakowskiring (and likewise the Pankow district) became a synonym for the GDR government. Thus Konrad Adenauer spoke of the "gentlemen in Pankoff", and Udo Lindenberg sang of the "special train to Pankow". The government representatives living in the Majakowskiring quarter became shielded from the outside world.
After the October 1956 Hungarian Revolution, the East German leadership was afraid of the effect of such riots in the East Germany and decided that it was better for the elite to live in less populated place. At first, it was decided to move to Hoppegarten, east of East Berlin, because there was a fast escape route from there over the motorway eastward. In the end, a complex was built in Waldsiedlung, Wandlitz, and the leadership moved there in 1960.
Because of this sealing-off, people called the quarter (little town). When Lotte Ulbricht wanted to return to the Majakowskiring after the death of her husband Walter Ulbricht in 1973, the barriers and controls were waived. However she was forbidden to return to the house they originally lived in. Instead, she was assigned house number 12, in which she lived up to her death in 2002. In 1975, house 28/30 was demolished, as part of the process of erasing every reminder of Walter Ulbricht from history.
The house in which Otto Grotewohl lived is today a literature workshop. The house of Johannes R. Becher was sold and is private property.
Individual houses.
Houses and their inhabitants:

</doc>
<doc id="9898188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898188" title="Per Hellmyrs">
Per Hellmyrs

Per Hellmyrs (born March 18, 1983) is a Swedish Bandy player who is a creative midfielder. 
Per was brought up by Edsbyns IF where he has remained throughout his career so far. He first play for Edsbyns IF first team in the 2000/2001 season. Per is currently a regular member of the Sweden national bandy team and played at the Bandy World Championship 2007. Per was a member of the Edsbyns IF squads that won the Swedish championship in 2001/2002 and 2002/2003 seasons as well as being a member of the Bandy World Cup winning squad in 2001/2002 season. He played in Russia during 2007, but he returned to Edsbyn the next season. He has since gone to Russia again, playing for Dynamo Moscow in 2013/14 and 2014/15.

</doc>
<doc id="9898195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898195" title="Holt (surname)">
Holt (surname)

Holt is a surname.
Etymology.
Holt is a surname and placename, of Proto-Germanic origin and meaning a small grove of trees, or copse, or "a wood". It comes into English from Anglo-Saxon (Wold) and is a near-synonym to "wood", which is also Anglo-Saxon. Those words are equivalent to the modern German words "Holz" and "Wald" respectively. It is also found in the Scandinavian languages in names or placenames, as Holt, or the more archaic "Holdt" and "Holte" in Danish; "Holt" in Norwegian and Icelandic, "Hult" or "Hulte" in Swedish, and even "Hulti" in Finnish (from Swedish). It is often used in combination with other words, such as "Uhrenholdt" ("ancient holt", a Danish last name taken from an estate) or Älghult ("elk holt"), a village and small art-glass factory in Småland, Sweden. In Sweden it is most common in and around Småland, including Älmhult, the site of IKEA store. Related German names include "Holz", "Holzman", "Holzhauer", et al., and their anglicized equivalents which often insert a "t" between the "l" and the "z".
Holt is also a derivation of the Surname "Hoult", which may or may not be a circular derivation due to the possible origin of "Hoult", likely from Scandinavia rather than Germany because of its prominence in the north of England compared to the south.
Notable people named Holt (including alternative spellings and derivations).
Nic Holt, percussionist, drummer, Tenino Washington USA Berklee,Boston freshman 2014

</doc>
<doc id="9898200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898200" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 112">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 112

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 112 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898201" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 113">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 113

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 113 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898203" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 114">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 114

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 114 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898204" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 115">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 115

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 115 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898207" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 117">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 117

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 117 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898208" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 118">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 118

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 118 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898210" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 119">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 119

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 119 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898212" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 120">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 120

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 120 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898214" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 121">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 121

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 121 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898215" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 122">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 122

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 122 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898217" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 123">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 123

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 123 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898218" title="Midland Steel Products">
Midland Steel Products

Midland Steel Products was an American vehicle frame manufacturer located in Cleveland, Ohio that was in business from 1893 to 2003. MSP was the last such American company. At the time of their closing, they employed 250 workers, down from their highest labor force total of 1500 in the 1970s. The last CEO was Salomao Ioschpe, associated with the Brazilian company Iochpe-Maxion. The factory employed some of the biggest metal forming presses in North America, with presses ranging from 400 tons to 7000 tons. It had state of the art heat treating equipment and held a patent for a method of induction heat treating. 
Before the UAW480 strike prior to 1990, Harry Esling was President, Dennis Puening was the Controller with Joe Szudarek as his assistant (216-267-5656).

</doc>
<doc id="9898220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898220" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 124">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 124

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 124 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898221" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 125">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 125

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 125 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898224" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 126">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 126

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 126 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898226" title="List of ferries across the Hudson River to New York City">
List of ferries across the Hudson River to New York City

The following ferries once crossed the North River (Hudson River) between New York City and New Jersey. There was no ferry service between 1967 and 1989, when it resumed by New York Waterway. 
Horse ferries.
Team boats served New York City for "about ten years, from 1814-1824. They were of eight horse-power and crossed the rivers in from twelve to twenty minutes."
In 1812, two steam boats designed by Robert Fulton were placed in use in New York, for the Paulus Hook Ferry from the foot of Cortlandt Street, and on the Hoboken Ferry from the foot of Barclay Street. The "Juliana", running from Barclay Street, was withdrawn from service, as announced, in favor of the "more convenient" horse boat. It is almost certain, however, that this retrograde step was taken because of the monopoly enjoyed by Mssrs. Fulton and Livingston for the navigation of the waters of New York State by steam.

</doc>
<doc id="9898230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898230" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 127">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 127

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 127 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898232" title="Geneviève De Rocray">
Geneviève De Rocray

Geneviève De Rocray is a Québécoise voice actress. She did many dubbings, including Odette in The Swan Princess and Jasmine in Aladdin (1992 Disney film).

</doc>
<doc id="9898240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898240" title="Lists of crossings of the Hudson River">
Lists of crossings of the Hudson River

For crossings of the Hudson River, see:

</doc>
<doc id="9898246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898246" title="Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Basdei">
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Basdei

Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (जवाहर नवोदय विद्यालय, बसदेई, सरगुजा) is a higher secondary school in the village of Basdei, 8 km from district headquarters Surajpur (Surajpur) in the state of Chhattisgarh, India. It is also connected with a distance of 2 km from Surajpur Road Railway Station.
Introduction.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Basdei was started on 25 June 1992 with 40 students in its first batch. The school is set up in an area of around of land, equipped with administrative building, hostels (Boys & Girls), staff residence, guest house, mess, well equipped labs, art gallery and sports facilities with gymnasium etc. 
The school is known in the district to provide good quality modern education including strong component of culture, inculcation of values, awareness of environment, adventure activities, physical education and computer education to the talented children predominantly from rural areas. It functions under a scheme evolved by the government of India under which residential co-educational Navodaya Vidyalayas are being established on an average one in each district.
The classes run from VI to XII standard as per CBSE syllabus. The medium of instruction is Hindi for Social Studies and Humanities, and English for Mathematics and Science. 
Migration.
The Navodaya Vidyalaya scheme provides for migration of 30% children from the Vidyalayas located in Hindi belt to the Vidyalaya located in non-Hindi belt at class IX level. This school is having migration from JNV, Sonitpur, Assam as a result of which Assamese is the third language for the students up to class IX level. The school also has mini-migration system to the neighbouring cluster schools after class X where the students opt for continuing his/her study other than science stream. The schools to which those students are migrated are JNV Raipur and JNV Bilaspur for Commerce and Humanity stream respectively.In first migration of 3rd batch(1st and 2nd batch not migreted), Alaxgender Bara named studend is lost from Assam sonithpur.
Principals.
Mr. V S Ranawat was first principal of the school after whom Mr. S S Sai Pankraj served as principal for 10 years. While present principal is Smt. K.N. Sreedevi. 
Address.
oriental public ambikapur

</doc>
<doc id="9898248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898248" title="Maria Olszewska-Lelonkiewicz">
Maria Olszewska-Lelonkiewicz

Maria Olszewska-Lelonkiewicz (November 2, 1939 in Łódź – March 6, 2007 in Łódź) was a Polish figure skating coach. 
She used to work with ice dance couples, like Sylwia Nowak & Sebastian Kolasiński, Agnieszka Domańska & Marcin Głowacki and Aleksandra Kauc & Michał Zych. As a young girl she was doing rhythmic gymnastics and even placed 2nd in "Polish Junior National Championships". She also played successfully handball. She was rewarded with many awards for her sacrifices for the Polish sport.

</doc>
<doc id="9898274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898274" title="Maria Olszewska">
Maria Olszewska

Maria Olszewska (12 August 1892 – 17 May 1969) was a German operatic contralto.
Biography.
Olszewska was born in Ludwigsschwaige. She studied singing in Munich with Karl Erler before beginning her career singing in operettas in that city in 1913. She made her first opera appearance in 1915 as the Page in Richard Wagner's "Tannhäuser" at the opera house in Krefeld. Soon after she was engaged at the Oper Leipzig up through 1919. 
Olszewska left Leipzig to join the Hamburg State Opera, where she was engaged from 1919-1922. While there she notably portrayed Brigitta/Lucienne in the world première of Erich Wolfgang Korngold's "Die tote Stadt" on 4 December 1920. While singing in Hamburg she was appointed to the roster of artists at the Vienna State Opera (VSO) in 1921 where she sang through 1923. She was a member of the Bavarian State Opera in Munich from 1923–1925, after which she returned to the VSO from 1925-1930. In 1925 she married baritone Emil Schipper (1882–1957). 
Olszewska also appeared frequently as a guest artist ar opera houses around the world. In 1923 and 1928 she was heard as a guest at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires. She made numerous appearance at the Royal Opera, London between 1924–1932, where her performances in such roles as Fricka, Ortrud, Brangäne and Herodias drew the highest critical acclaim. Her Carmen and Amneris were less successful, but her Octavian and Orlofsky were highly regarded. In the United States she sang in Chicago (1928–32) and at the Metropolitan Opera. She also gave performances at La Scala, La Monnaie, and highly successful tours in South and Central America.
Since 1947, Olszewska taught at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna and in 1948 she became a lecturer at the Vienna State Opera. From 1951-1955, she again appeared at the Vienna Volksoper, singing roles like Agricola in Johann Strauss II's "A Night in Venice". She retired from the stage in 1955 after which she devoted her time to teaching. She died in Klagenfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="9898291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898291" title="Qiriako Bullano">
Qiriako Bullano

Qiriako Bullano is an Albanian film producer.
He is best known for his work on acclaimed Albanian films such as Apasionata in 1983.
He worked with director Kristaq Mitro.

</doc>
<doc id="9898300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898300" title="Leanchoilia">
Leanchoilia

Leanchoilia is a four-eyed arachnomorph arthropod known from Cambrian deposits of the Burgess Shale in Canada and the Chengjiang biota of China. It was about long and had long, whip-like feelers mounted on frontal arm-like appendages. Its internal organs are occasionally preserved within the substrate in three dimensions. It had stalked compound eyes as well as pit-like ocelli.
Two species are tentatively accepted today: the type species "L. superlata" and the recently revalidated "L. persephone". They may however be examples of sexual dimorphism. 

</doc>
<doc id="9898307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898307" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 136">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 136

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 136 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898312" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 128">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 128

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 128 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898314" title="Bowditch">
Bowditch

Bowditch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9898319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898319" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 129">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 129

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 129 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898320" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 130">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 130

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 130 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898323" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 131">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 131

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 131 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898326" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 132">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 132

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 132 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898329" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 133">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 133

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 133 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898331" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 134">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 134

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 134 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898333" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 135">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 135

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 135 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9898341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898341" title="Upper Bann (Assembly constituency)">
Upper Bann (Assembly constituency)

Upper Bann is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections prior to 1996, the constituency was largely part of the Armagh and South Down constituencies with a small section around Aghagallon joining from South Antrim. Since 1997, it has shared boundaries with the Upper Bann UK Parliament constituency.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Upper Bann (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from Upper Bann. They were as follows:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9898342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898342" title="Coscinasterias calamaria">
Coscinasterias calamaria

Coscinasterias calamaria, or the eleven-armed sea star, is a starfish in the family Asteriidae. It was thought to be endemic to southern Australia and New Zealand but has since been documented as occurring in the Cape Peninsula as well. It is found around low tide levels and deeper, under rocks and wandering over seaweed in pools.
Description.
"Coscinasterias calamaria" is the largest starfish in southern Australia and New Zealand. Although called the eleven-armed sea star there can be any number of arms between seven and fourteen, but eleven is the most common number. These starfish are often found with arms of varying lengths. This is because arms sometimes become detached and new arms grow in their place. This starfish has rows of pincer-like pedicellariae on both its upper and lower surface which gives it a prickly appearance. Its total diameter is up to .
Distribution.
"Coscinasterias calamaria" is native to the coasts of Australia and New Zealand. Its range extends from Rottnest Island in Western Australia round the southern coast to New South Wales and Point Dangar in Queensland, including Tasmania and Lord Howe Island.
Biology.
"Coscinasterias calamaria" mostly feeds on the blue mussel ("Mytilus edulis") and other benthic invertebrates. It has been found that it seldom feeds on the blacklip abalone ("Haliotis rubra") unless there is a scarcity of mussels. When this happens, aggregations of starfish do feed on it. This is despite laboratory feeding tests demonstrating that it prefers abalone. It seems that the abalone has some behavioural responses to attack that make it more likely to escape, one of which seems to be the production of a chemical deterrent by the mollusc. There are smell chemoreceptors on the tips of the arms, and the starfish can navigate accurately by smell towards a source of food. It then extends its stomach over its prey, secretes enzymes onto it and liquefies before returning the stomach to its normal position. When food is scarce, this starfish can exist for many weeks without food.
"Coscinasterias calamaria" mainly reproduces by fissiparity (self division) by tearing itself in two pieces across the disc. It is capable of regenerating a whole new body from a single arm, but only if the arm includes part of the central disc. It can also reproduce sexually. It is difficult to establish the relative importance of the two forms of reproduction in this starfish but it has been shown that individuals in close proximity to one another have little genetic diversity while starfish collected at separations of as little as have widely different genetic composition, particularly so in the case of subtidal populations. 

</doc>
<doc id="9898346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898346" title="Acochaca District">
Acochaca District

Acochaca or Aquchaka (Quechua "aqu" sand, "chaka" bridge, "sand bridge") is one of two districts of the province Asunción in Peru.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (92.67%) learnt to speak in childhood, 6.99% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9898358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898358" title="Christine M. Jolls">
Christine M. Jolls

Christine Jolls (born October 1, 1967) is the Gordon Bradford Tweedy Professor of Law and Organization at Yale Law School, where she has been on the faculty since 2006. She is a leader in the emerging theory of behavioral economics and law. Her areas of research include also employment law and contracts. She received her B.A. in economics from Stanford University, a Ph.D. in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and her J.D. from Harvard Law School. She served as a law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and taught at Harvard Law School before teaching at Yale Law School. She often collaborates with Professor Cass Sunstein of the University of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="9898369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898369" title="Strangford (Assembly constituency)">
Strangford (Assembly constituency)

Strangford is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections before 1996, the constituency was largely part of the North Down constituency with smaller sections being added from Belfast East constituency and Belfast South constituency. Since 1997, it has shared boundaries with the Strangford UK Parliament constituency.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Strangford (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from Strangford. They were as follows:
Elections.
Northern Ireland Assembly.
2011
2007
2003
1998
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9898379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898379" title="Native Son (disambiguation)">
Native Son (disambiguation)

Native Son is a 1940 novel by Richard Wright.
Native Son(s) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9898387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898387" title="L. B. Billinton">
L. B. Billinton

Lawson Butzkopfski (or Boskovsky) Billinton (4 February 1882 – 19 November 1954) was the Locomotive Engineer of the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway from 1912 until the company became part of the Southern Railway in 1923. He joined the LBSCR in 1900 as an apprentice. By the end of 1907 he was a district locomotive superintendent at the railway works at New Cross. From February 1911 Billinton was locum tenens, or caretaker, for Locomotive Engineer D. E. (Earle) Marsh at Brighton works whilst Marsh was on leave of absence due to ill health. Earle Marsh resigned in July 1911. Billinton was promoted to Locomotive Engineer at the beginning of 1912.
In 1917 Billinton was commissioned as a temporary Lieutenant Colonel in the Royal Engineers, and he served on military missions to Romania and Russia. He retired from the SR aged 40 in 1923, taking up fruit farming at Bolney in Sussex. Billinton died in 1954 at Lyme Regis in Dorset.
Early career.
Lawson Billinton was born in Brighton, the third son of R. J. Billinton, who later became the LBSCR's Locomotive Engineer in 1890. His mother was of Polish origin and his middle name Butzkopfski (sometimes spelled Boskovsky) was her family name. He became a pupil of his father at Brighton works in January 1900. He was a fitter's apprentice from September 1900. In February 1903 he was promoted to draughtsman, and promoted again in September 1903 to inspector of materials. In September 1904 he became assistant foreman at New Cross. R. J. Billinton died in office in November 1904, and was succeeded as Locomotive Engineer by D. E. (Earle) Marsh.
Earle Marsh placed Lawson Billinton in charge of all experimental work on the LBSCR's locomotives and rolling stock, including the trials of the new Marsh Atlantics. In January 1906 Billinton was transferred to Brighton as assistant outdoor superintendent, moving back to New Cross in February 1907 and becoming district locomotive superintendent in July of that year.
The reconstruction of Brighton works under Marsh caused tremendous difficulties in maintaining and repairing the LBSCR's locomotive stock. Some major repairs and boiler changes began to be carried out at New Cross under Billinton's supervision, but this had little effect on the situation. By 1910 about 30% of the locomotive stock was out of traffic and awaiting repair, and the number of engine failures in service increased substantially in the second half of that year, for which Marsh was held responsible by the directors of the company. Because Earle Marsh was in poor health he was given leave of absence until 30 June 1911, and Billinton was instructed to take general charge of Brighton works as Marsh's locum tenens or caretaker from 15 February 1911.
Locomotive Engineer.
Marsh resigned his post on 1 July 1911. The LBSCR's Board of Directors initially approached Robert Urie of the London and South Western Railway to be Marsh's successor, but he declined. Instead Billinton was appointed Locomotive Engineer from 1 January 1912 with a starting salary of £1,500 per annum, "with management and control of engine construction and repair shops at Brighton and other locomotive depots, and of the work and business to be carried out and done therein." Marsh had been in charge of all the LBSCR's rolling stock, but the Board of Directors now created a Carriage and Wagon Department at Lancing to be run independently of Billinton's department, in order to reduce the workload of the Locomotive Engineer. Both Billinton and A. H. Panter, head of the Lancing carriage department, were now required to submit all their proposals for new construction to the LBSCR Locomotive Committee, and proposals for alterations of existing stock to the Superintendent of the Line and the General Manager.
Under construction at the time of Billinton's promotion were Marsh-designed locomotives of the H2, J and I3 classes.
The six members of the H2 class were a superheated development of the H1 Marsh Atlantics, authorised in April 1911 and entering traffic between June 1911 and January 1912, with minor alterations to Marsh's original design by Billinton. The prototype 4-6-2 J tank locomotive, no. 325, was completed in December 1910; construction of the second engine, no. 326, started in May 1911. Since a number of problems were being experienced with no. 325 in traffic Billinton was given permission to halt work on no. 326 in June in order to concentrate on repairs to existing stock and construction of the H2 class. By the beginning of 1912, when construction recommenced, Billinton had modified the design sufficiently for the locomotive to be given the class designation J2 (the prototype becoming J1). Modifications included replacement of the Stephenson valve gear with Walschaerts gear, a reduction in water tank capacity and the use of spiral springs in the suspension instead of leaf springs. Although no. 326 had better acceleration and a faster top speed than no. 325 no further members of the class were built, in part because the 10 members of the superheated I3 4-4-2 class built between August 1912 and March 1913 proved to be the equal of the J2 class in performance and reliability.
Billinton introduced the E2 class 0-6-0T of 1911, the K class 2-6-0 of 1913, and the L class 4-6-4T of 1914.
The first Billinton-designed class was the 0-6-0T E2 class of shunting engine, five of which were introduced between June 1913 and January 1914. Two of the class were fitted with equipment for operating passenger trains, and used on six-coach sets in the south London area. Oscillating whilst accelerating, unsteady at speed and with a tendency to throw live coals out of the chimney the locomotives were soon returned to shunting duties. In September 1913 the first of the 2-6-0 K class locomotives entered traffic. These locomotives were intended to fulfill the need to accelerate the speed of goods traffic on the congested London suburban lines. They were fitted with parallel superheated boilers with Belpaire fireboxes (the first such on the LBSCR) and were capable of hauling 1,000 ton trains at an average speed of 30 to 35 mph. The five locomotives of the initial batch were successful enough in working munitions trains to Newhaven at the beginning of World War I for the Government to grant permission for the construction of five more of the class, eventually constructed at the end of 1916.
In October 1913 Billinton ordered the design of an enlarged version of the J class tank, with the trailing truck replaced by a bogie. This 4-6-4 or Baltic wheel arrangement was intended to be more stable at speed than the 4-6-2 arrangement of the original design. An order for five locomotives was placed with Brighton Works in November 1913, and the first, no. 327, was completed in April 1914. Construction of the second member of the class, no. 328, was interrupted whilst no. 327 was tested. As at the same time Billinton began a project to design and construct an express 4-6-0 tender locomotive, it has been suggested that he may have been intending to complete no. 328 as such. No. 327 was involved in a couple of minor derailments in August and November 1914, which were ascribed to the surging movement of water in half-full side tanks. The locomotive was withdrawn from service whilst consideration was given to its conversion to a tender engine. Billinton instructed the drawing office in February 1915 to cost both a conversion scheme and a scheme to modify the side tanks to improve stability. As costs appeared to be almost equal it was decided to complete no. 328 as a tank engine, and to modify both locomotives by inserting a well tank between the frames and restricting the depth of water in the side tanks. By the time no. 328 was completed in March 1916 the order for the remaining three locomotives had been cancelled because of wartime material shortages, and nos. 327 and 328 remained the only members of the L class until 1919.
Wartime service.
In March 1917 Billinton was commissioned as a temporary Lieutenant Colonel in the Royal Engineers. He commenced active service on 17 March, and was seconded to the British Railway Mission to Russia and Romania, under General de Candolle. Billinton left for Romania on 18 March, travelling via Sweden and Russia. Arriving in Iaşi (then the temporary capital of Romania) he found that over 60% of the locomotives of the Căile Ferate Române were out of commission or under repair, and Billinton travelled around Romania reorganising. The military situation in Romania rapidly deteriorated through 1917 as the Russian armies in the country began to collapse. Billinton organised the withdrawal of locomotives and rolling stock from Galicia. In October 1917 the Mission was ordered to the Caucasus. By February 1918 they were in Rostov on Don just prior to the city's capture by the Red Army. Billinton received orders to go to Petrograd with dispatches for the British Ambassador. Arriving in Moscow he met the British Consul General, who informed him that the Ambassador had probably left for Finland. Billinton eventually left Russia via Vladivostock, returning to Britain in June 1918. He was allowed to return to the LBSCR on leave without pay, returning to duty on 25 November 1918 as Head of the British Military Mission to Romania in connection with the reorganisation and reconstruction of the railway system in that country. He was awarded the CBE (3rd Class Military Division) in June 1919.
Post-war career.
Billinton was released from military service on 3 August 1919. Brighton Works was in the immediate post-war years working to full capacity just to clear the backlog of repairs to the locomotive stock. At this time Billinton introduced a top-feed arrangement inside a second dome on replacement boilers. The first new locomotives to be built postwar were seven of a batch of ten K class 2-6-0s, the first being finished in December 1920. Construction of the last three of the batch was cancelled by March 1921. These locomotives were used by Billinton to test various manufacturer's equipment, including feedwater heaters, blastpipes and sanding equipment.
A further batch of five L class 4-6-4 tank locomotives was started in July 1921 and completed between October 1921 and April 1922. The last of the batch, no. 333 was dedicated as a War Memorial Engine in April 1923 and named "Remembrance".
Billinton's final contribution was to order the rebuilding of 12 B4 4-4-0 locomotives, which were fitted with K class type boilers and new frames. Only two were completed by the LBSCR in 1922, the remainder being converted by the Southern Railway. Although the B4x class (as it was designated) now had larger and more modern superheated boilers the rebuilds retained the valve gear of the originals, with the result that the locomotives were throttled by small short-travel valves which could not pass the steam needed for an improved performance. By 1930 the class were relegated from main line duties.
The amalgamation of the LBSCR into the Southern Railway Group in 1923. Richard Maunsell became Chief Mechanical Engineer. Billinton took early retirement, leaving his position on 30 June 1923. Shortly afterwards Brighton Works was demoted to a repair depot for locomotives. He purchased a farm near Bolney in Sussex, on which he and his wife grew fruit commercially. Billinton spent two years in Glasgow in the late 1920s as a consultant to the LMS.
Billinton died on 26 November 1954 at Lyme Regis.

</doc>
<doc id="9898390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898390" title="Newry and Armagh (Assembly constituency)">
Newry and Armagh (Assembly constituency)

Newry and Armagh is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections prior to 1996, the constituency was part of the Armagh and South Down constituencies. Since 1997, it has shared boundaries with the Newry and Armagh UK Parliament constituency.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Newry and Armagh (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, five Forum members were elected from Newry & Armagh. They were as follows:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9898393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898393" title="Duchy of Aosta">
Duchy of Aosta

The Duchy of Aosta, originally the County of Aosta, was a state ruled by the House of Savoy from the early 11th century until the late 18th, when its independent institutions were aligned with those of the Principality of Piedmont. The title "Duke of Aosta" continued to be used by the second sons of the Savoyard monarch. The land of the duchy is today a part of Italy.
Duke Emmanuel Philibert made French the official language of the duchy in 1561, but it retained its own traditional institutions as late as 1766. It received its first intendant in 1773. It had its own taxation system down to 7 October 1783, when it was brought under the cadaster. According to Jean-Baptiste de Tillier (died 1744):
The duchy of Aosta has always been a state, forming a single undivided body. The seventy-eight church-towers, or rather the cities, towns, parishes and separate communities which exist in the Valley, are members of this state.

</doc>
<doc id="9898396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898396" title="Joe Leydon">
Joe Leydon

Joseph Patrick Michael "Joe" Leydon (born August 22, 1952) is an American film critic and historian. A critic and correspondent for "Variety" and a contributing writer for "MovieMaker Magazine" and CultureMap.com, he is the author of "Joe Leydon's Guide to Essential Movies You Must See" (Michael Wiese Productions) and a contributing critic for "Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide". He is also a contributing editor for "Cowboys & Indians Magazine".
Life and career.
Leydon was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, and raised in the city's Ninth Ward. He graduated from Loyola University with a degree in Journalism (with a minor in film). At Loyola, he studied under the late Ralph T. Bell. In 2007, he earned a Master of Arts degree at the Jack J. Valenti School of Communications at University of Houston.
Leydon was a film critic for "The Houston Post" from 1982 until the paper’s demise in 1995. He has also reviewed films for "The San Francisco Examiner", MSNBC.com, and NBC affiliate KPRC-TV in Houston. His work as a journalist, interviewer and feature writer has appeared in the "New York Daily News", "Los Angeles Times", "Newsday", "The Tennessean", "The Boston Globe", "Toronto Star" and the "Austin American-Statesman"; "Film Comment" and "New Orleans" magazines. 
Since 2000, Leydon has been an instructor at Houston Community College and the Jack J. Valenti School of Communications at University of Houston. He also is an adjunct professor at the Sam Houston State University College of Fine Arts & Mass Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="9898398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898398" title="Lagan Valley (Assembly constituency)">
Lagan Valley (Assembly constituency)

Lagan Valley is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections prior to 1996, the constituency was largely part of the South Antrim and North Down constituencies. Since 1997, it has shared boundaries with the Lagan Valley UK Parliament constituency.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Lagan Valley (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from Lagan Valley. They were as follows:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9898402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898402" title="Saadallah Wannous">
Saadallah Wannous

Saadallah Wannous (), (1941–1997) Syrian playwright. He was born in the village of Hussein al-Bahr, near Tartous from the Alawites sect ('Alawīyyah Arabic: علوية), where he received his early education. He studied journalism in Cairo, Egypt and later served as editor of the art and cultural sections of the Syrian paper Al-Baath and the Lebanese "As-Safir". He also held for many years the directorship in the Music and Theater Administration of Syria. In the late Sixties, he traveled to Paris where he studied theater and encountered various currents, trends, and schools of European stage. His career as a playwright had begun in the early Sixties with several short (one-act) plays which were characterized by a display of his fundamental theme: the relationship between the individual and society and its authorities.
In the late Sixties, triggered by the Arab defeat of the 1967 war with Israel, political Arabic theater was born. The defeat had resulted in the creation of a new level of awareness among artists and intellectuals, particularly toward the government-controlled press and its infiltration of popular culture. In 1969, joined by a group of playwrights, Wannous called for an Arab Festival for Theater Arts to be hosted in Damascus, later realized and attended by dramatists from all over the Arab world. In this festival, he introduced his new project: "theater of politicization," to replace the traditional "political theater." He intended theater to play a more positive role in the process of social and political change. His other powerful plays include "Elephant, the King of All Times" (1969), "The King is the King" (1977) and "Hanthala's Journey from Slumber to Consciousness" (1978).
In the late Seventies, Wannous helped establish and later taught at The High Institute for Theater Arts in Damascus. He also started "Theater Life" magazine, of which he was editor-in-chief for years. In 1982, and in the aftermath of the Israeli siege and invasion of Beirut, he lived through a period of shock, ceasing to write for a decade. Back to writing in early nineties, Wannous delivered to Arabic theater a series of plays no less political than their predecessors, starting with "The Rape" (1990), a play about the Arab-Israeli conflict. Since then, he has written "Fragments from History" (1994), "Rituals of Signs and Transformations" (1994), "Miserable Dreams" (1995), "A Day of Our Time" (1995), and finally "Mirage Epic" (1996).
In 1996, he was Selected by UNESCO and the International Institute of Theater, to present that year's address to the world theater community during its celebration of International Theater Day on March 27. This was the first selection of an Arab writer since the organization started this tradition in 1963. On May 15, 1997, he died of cancer, a disease he had resisted for 5 years.
His daughter Dima Wannous is a journalist, writer and novelist.

</doc>
<doc id="9898403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898403" title="Andrey Kursanov">
Andrey Kursanov

Andrey Lvovich Kursanov (; 8 November 1902, Moscow - 20 September 1999, Moscow) was a Soviet specialist on the physiology and biochemistry of plants. He was an academician of the Soviet and Russian Academies of Sciences since 1953. He was a member of the Presidium of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in 1957-1963.
Kursanov graduated from Moscow State University in 1926. He was awarded the degree of doctor of sciences in biology in 1940 and became a professor at his alma mater in 1944.
Professor Kursanov was awarded a number of honorary doctorates and was an honorary member of a number of foreign scientific societies and academies. He was elected a foreign fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1962 and member of the Polish Academy of Sciences in 1965.
Awards and honours.
and other awards

</doc>
<doc id="9898444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898444" title="European Satellite Navigation Industries">
European Satellite Navigation Industries

European Satellite Navigation Industries, formerly called Galileo Industries until legal action prompted a name change, was a joint venture of the companies Alcatel Alenia Space and Thales (France), Finmeccanica (Italy), EADS Astrium (UK and Germany) and Galileo Sistemas y Servicios (a consortium of seven Spanish companies).
The company was the primary construction company for the Galileo positioning system, tasked with developing and building the satellites and components for the ground segment infrastructure of this satellite navigation system. The partner firms committed to not construct competing products for Galileo. However, some competition came from Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd, which successfully built and launched the first GIOVE-A testbed satellite, and which was then awarded a contract for a followon GIOVE-A2 satellite while the joint venture's GIOVE-B satellite remained on the ground awaiting launch. Since that time, the GIOVE-B satellite successfully launched, although after the Galileo project had been abandoned by European Satellite Navigation Industries and taken up by the European Union.
The company was headquartered at Ottobrunn near Munich, with an office in Rome. The company employed around two hundred people, many working directly for their parent corporations.
Update.
This private sector group of eight companies abandoned Galileo in 2007. Subsequently, EU has taken over the construction of Galileo positioning system. On 21 December 2007 ESA terminated the Galileo contract with the European Satellite Navigation Industries.

</doc>
<doc id="9898454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898454" title="Buddy Curry">
Buddy Curry

George Jessel "Buddy" Curry (born June 4, 1958) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons from 1980 to 1987. He played college football for the University of North Carolina A second-round pick in the 1980 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons, he was selected as the 1980 NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year and was a All-Pro selection in 1980 and 1982.
He is currently the head master trainer for USA Football's "Heads Up Football Program", which teaches youth athletes proper tackling techniques.
NFL career.
In his rookie year, Curry co-shared the award with fellow Atlanta linebacker Al Richardson. In 1983, Curry got 229 tackles, which remained the most by a Falcons defender until Keith Brooking's 212 tackles in 2002. He blocked a field goal during a 26-14 victory against the Los Angeles Rams on October 12, 1986.
Personal life.
His son, Jessel Curry was a 2009 recruit to West Virginia University football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9898468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898468" title="South Wraxall Manor">
South Wraxall Manor

South Wraxall Manor is a Grade I listed country house which dates from the early 15th century, located at South Wraxall in the English county of Wiltshire, near Bradford on Avon. According to popular legend, South Wraxall was the house where the first tobacco was smoked in England, by Sir Walter Long and his friend Sir Walter Raleigh (although this has also been said of other houses related to Raleigh).
The Long Family.
The first known member of the Long family to own land in South Wraxall was Robert Long, a lawyer who was on the Commission of the Peace in 1426 and represented Old Sarum in Parliament in 1414, and Wiltshire between 1421 and 1442. He had a house there in 1429 and a few years later he exchanged lands in Wraxall with the Abbess of Shaftesbury. He died in 1447. His great-great grandson Sir Robert Long altered the doorway to the Long chapel in 1566, having his initials and badges carved into the stone above it. 
Over the generations, the Long family acquired more and more land, until eventually they owned all the property within South Wraxall that had once belonged to the Priory of Monkton Farleigh. The manor was passed down through the Longs of Wraxall until it reached Walter Long who died unmarried in 1807, and his unmarried sister Katherine continued to live in it till her death aged 97, in 1814. By his will it then passed to his cousins, Richard Godolphin Long of Rood Ashton, and his brother John. It was over 150 years before another member of the Long family lived at the Manor for any length of time.
The house was first of all let from 1820-1826 to a Dr Knight who kept a school there for about forty boys. He disfigured the house by plastering over the carved ceilings and painting the oak panelled wainscots, but this was later reinstated in its original style by the 1st Viscount Long. Lord Long's initials WHL can be seen on many properties in the village but he never lived there. Throughout the rest of the 19th century the Manor was lived in by caretakers. 
The manor was retained by the family and rented after the rest of the South Wraxall estate (including the majority of property in the village) was sold on 20 May 1919. In 1935 after the death of the tenant, the house was taken over by the 2nd Viscount Long who did further restoration work. By then the principal residence of the family at Rood Ashton had been sold. During World War II the Manor housed refugees from Kent, and in the 1950s it was occupied by the 2nd Viscount’s sister-in-law Anne, who was married to Lord Rothermere. (Anne later divorced Rothermere, to marry Ian Fleming).
The last member of the Long family to live at the Manor was Sara, the only daughter of the 2nd Viscount Long, and wife of Conservative MP, Charles Morrison. The Manor was finally sold in 1966, together with , after five hundred years of family ownership. 
John Taylor (bass player with the band Duran Duran) and his wife Gela Nash (founder of Juicy Couture) purchased the house in 2005 and live there when Taylor's band is working in England.

</doc>
<doc id="9898472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898472" title="Andrew George (governor)">
Andrew George (governor)

Andrew Neil George (born 9 October 1952 Edinburgh, Scotland) is a British diplomat. George served as the Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Anguilla from July 2006 to March 2009. Prior to becoming Governor, he had a long career serving the Foreign and Commonwealth Office including postings in Australia, Paraguay, Thailand (where he met his wife) and Indonesia.
Personal life.
He and his wife, Watanalak George who was born in Thailand. The couple have two children: a daughter, Arada and a son, Michael, both of whom are in their twenties.
George grew up in Scotland and has a university degree in history.

</doc>
<doc id="9898493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898493" title="Mills Observatory">
Mills Observatory

The Mills Observatory in Dundee, Scotland, is the first purpose-built public astronomical observatory in the UK. Built in 1935, the observatory is classically styled in sandstone and has a distinctive 7 m dome, which houses a Victorian refracting telescope, a small planetarium, and display areas. The dome is one of two made from papier-mâché to survive in the UK, the other being at the Godlee Observatory.
Telescopes.
The main telescope is a 400mm (16inch) Dobsonian reflector that was acquired in 2013. The observatory also houses a Victorian 0.25m (10 inch) Cooke refractor, with a focal length of 3.75 m. It was made in Edinburgh in 1871 by Robert Bruce and the optical components are of the highest quality. The telescope is actually older than the building. The dome also houses a 0.3m (12 inch) Schmidt-Cassegrain telescope, which was purchased in 2006. When the Mills Observatory opened on 28 October 1935, it originally housed a 450mm (18 inch) reflecting telescope, constructed by the Newcastle based company of Grubb Parsons. The dome itself is made of papier-mâché with a steel frame, and was also supplied by Grubb Parsons. Refracting telescopes have long been regarded as the superior instrument for planetary observing. During the winter evening hours, given clear sky conditions, the telescope is used to show the public the night sky.
Planetarium.
The planetarium is based around a Viewlex Apollo projector, which simulates the night sky on a domed roof in a darkened room. Around 1000 stars are displayed, along with the naked eye planets and the Milky Way. Auxiliary units simulate a rotating galaxy, and provide pictures of astronomical objects. Seating is limited to 20 for public shows.
Display Area.
The display area is split into two parts. The main area in the centre of the building at ground floor level provides changing displays of pictures and models, and also houses the observatory shop. The upper level provides displays of historic equipment and information of local importance.
Balgay Hill.
Mills Observatory is built upon the summit of the wooded Balgay Hill, in Balgay Park, one mile (1.6 km) west of Dundee City Centre. The woods of Balgay Hill, surrounding the Observatory include Cypresses, Redwoods, Cedars and Monkey Puzzles. Violets and Wild Strawberries can be found growing among the grass in season.
Planet Trail.
On Balgay Hill, an outdoor planet trail, scale model of the solar system, is arranged to entertain and educate the exploring visitor. The planet trail is a series of standing stones and plaques representing the solar system. The visitor starts with the sun on the eastern summit of the Hill, and following the trail to the west from the Sun, in the direction of Mills Observatory, he or she will encounter another eight rocks representing the planets Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. Pluto is represented by the pier in the Mills Observatory, which supports the telescope there.
History.
The history of the observatory starts with John Mills (1806–1889), a manufacturer of Linen and twine in the city of Dundee, and a keen amateur astronomer. As a young man and a member of the Original Secession Kirk, he had been greatly influenced by the Reverend Thomas Dick, philosopher and author of a number of books on Astronomy and Christian Philosophy. Dr Dick attempted to harmonize science and Religion, and believed that the greatness of God could best be appreciated by the study of astronomy, to which he devoted his life after a period as an ordained minister at Methven. He advocated that every city should have public parks, public libraries and a public observatory.
Mills built his own private observatory on the slopes of Dundee Law, near what is now Adelaide Place. An old print still exists showing the ruins of the building minus its dome. There would appear to have been, in addition to the main telescope, a transit room, and what was probably a study to record and write up his observations. The fact that he had a transit instrument signifies that he must have been doing timings of the passage of stars across the meridian, and was not just a casual observer. One of John Mills' telescope is on display in the Visitor Centre attached to the Royal Observatory, Edinburgh. It is a brass instrument manufactured by George Lowden, a Dundee instrument-maker of that period, who supplied Mills with a number of his instruments.
When Dundee Town Council received the bequest they were in something of a quandary. There was no precedent for any bequest of this nature, and their first thought was to offer the money to the University College, Dundee, in the hope that they would be able to fulfil its terms. They, in turn, sought expert opinion from, among others, the Royal Greenwich Observatory, regarding the feasibility of such a project. The advice they received envisaged that only very limited public access would be possible. Evidently the College decided that the project did not fit into their plans, so they declined the offer. A Trust was then set up with the Town Council, and plans were drawn up to build the Observatory on the summit of Dundee Law. However, the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 put the whole project in pause, and the site it was intended to occupy was instead reserved for the War Memorial, which was erected after the end of hostilities. No further progress was made during the 1920s.
The onset of the Depression in the 1930s caused the matter to be raised once again, since it was felt that the project would provide much-needed work for the depressed building industry. Professor Sampson, Astronomer Royal for Scotland, was brought in as consultant. After examining several sites he came down strongly in favour of Balgay Hill as being by far the most suitable site, both in terms of astronomical suitability and for public access. This decision has stood the test of time, since other observatories have had their seeing conditions ruined by sodium lighting and other forms of modern pollution. The concept of a public observatory is, in a way, a contradiction in terms, since by definition, an observatory should be as far away from the public as possible. Most of the modern research observatories are situated on mountain-tops or desert areas. However, the geography of Dundee is unique, in that it has Balgay Hill overlooking a river estuary, protected from the main lights of the city by trees which also help to provide a purer atmosphere, and at the same time very accessible to the public. Something like 40% of all nights are observable.
Professor Sampson collaborated with James MacLellan Brown, the City Architect, in designing a much more modern building than the one originally planned before the war. The structure is of sandstone blocks quarried from , near Rosemill. The Observatory was formally opened by Professor Sampson on October 28, 1935, and presented to the Town Council by Mr. Milne of the Mills Trust in the presence of Lord Provost Buist. A message of congratulation was sent by the Astronomer Royal at Greenwich, Sir H. Spencer Jones. Articles on current celestial objects were written in the local press by the Reverend John Lees, who usually acted as chairman at public lectures given at the Observatory by visiting astronomers.
The first Curator was J. Grant Bruce F.R.A.S., an instrument-maker from Newport, Fife. This was a part-time post, with a small salary. A full-time caretaker, George Dorward, was also appointed. Hours of opening were fixed, with special arrangements for visiting parties, and for qualified persons at other times. In the winter evenings, Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays were for the public, with Tuesdays and Thursdays reserved for private booked parties. During the day and throughout the summer, visitors could view the scenery from the balcony, using two four-inch (102 mm) Turret telescopes by Ross, suitable for terrestrial viewing. These were excellent telescopes, also very suitable for wide-field, low-power astronomical work. Unfortunately these are no longer functioning and only parts of one remain.
In the dome, the original telescope given by the Mills Trust was an l8-inch ( 45 cm.) Newtonian reflector by Grubb Parsons, electrically driven. The dome itself, also built by Grubb, is hand-operated and made of papier-mâché on a framework of steel. The only part of the dome which has had to be replaced over the years is the shutter, where the papier-mâché perished and marine plywood was substituted. The l8-inch telescope was rarely used at full aperture, due to its tendency to be affected by reflections from street lights caused by the open lattice-work tube.
One of the problems that restricted the astronomical work of the Observatory during this period was that Balgay Park was enclosed, and the gates were locked at dusk. Special arrangements had to be made with the Parks Department to have a gatekeeper on duty during the nights when the telescope was in use, and for him to supervise entry and exit of public and cars, and ensure no-one was left in the park after the observatory was locked up. This meant that all children had to be accompanied by an adult. For this reason the Council placed the Observatory under the administrative control of the Parks Superintendent, under whom it remained until reorganisation brought a transfer to the Museums Department. The railings were removed during the War, since when the park has had "open access." During the years 1935 to 1939 there was one staff change - Mr. Dorward retired and was succeeded by Mr. McDonald. Shortly after the outbreak of the Second World War the Observatory was closed for the duration and the staff re-deployed to work of more immediate national importance. After the war, when the Observatory re-opened, the telescope underwent a radical transformation. Professor E. Finlay Freundlich of St. Andrews University, together with his colleagues R. Waland, W. Threadgill and Curator Bruce, were planning the half-scale pilot model of the 37-inch (95 cm) Schmidt Cassegrain reflecting telescope now installed in the James Gregory building at St. Andrews. This was of a much more advanced design than the standard Schmidt telescopes then in use. The Americans were also working on a similar design and the St. Andrews team were keen to be the first to have it in operation.
The problem was that they did not have a suitable mounting available in St. Andrews for the 19-inch (48 cm.) pilot model. They became interested in the Mills Observatory's Newtonian telescope as its mounting appeared ideally suited for their purpose. Permission was given by the Town Council for the Newtonian to be removed and the new instrument built in its place, on the assurance that:
"this would give Dundee a much superior instrument for direct public observation as the pilot instrument would be left permanently mounted in Dundee and available for public use."
During the next three years the telescope room was closed to the public while the work proceeded. Only the balcony was available and observations were carried out with small instruments. The telescope was completed in 1950 and described as "the first of its kind in the world." Unfortunately, it was purely for photographic work, which rather contradicted the above assurance.
However, matters took a different course. The expansion of the city north and west and the development of sodium and mercury street-lighting hampered the work of stellar photography, so in February, 1951 Bruce and Professor Freundlich suggested that the pilot telescope be transferred to St. Andrews University Observatory, eleven miles (18 km) to the south, for better conditions and proximity to the workshops. The Mills would then receive in exchange the 10-inch (25 cm.) Cooke refracting telescope formerly used as a student training instrument and now surplus to requirements. At first the Town Council refused, and there was much correspondence in the local press, and indignation among local amateurs, that the University should interfere with the affairs of a public institution. Professor W.H.M. Greaves, had succeeded Professor Sampson as Astronomer Royal for Scotland, was called upon to advise on the matter. In view of the scientific benefits of the move, and lack of interest shown by University College, Dundee, he recommended that the transfer take place. This was done at the University's expense, and on the understanding that the two telescopes were on mutual loan.
The refractor had to be modified slightly to fit the Mills dome, and the dew-cap cannot safely be used. However, it proved to be a much superior instrument for public viewing to the old Newtonian reflector. Originally built in 1871 it was, at one time, privately owned by Walter Goodacre, president of the British Astronomical Association (B. A. A. ), who lived in the village of Four Marks, near Winchester. The telescope was used there by many famous amateurs involved in the work of the B. A. A. and was always described by them as "the excellent 10-inch Cooke refractor". It is particularly good for observing fine lunar and planetary detail and although not basically designed for photographic work, the lens is so good that, with modern cameras, good photographs can be taken. The Observatory has also acquired a number of smaller telescopes over the years.
Sometime after the Cooke telescope was installed, Curator Bruce died. In the autumn of 1952, the Observatory resumed its public functions under a new Curator, Jaroslav Císař D. Sc., F.R.A.S., a research astronomer at St. Andrews Dr. Císař, from Czechoslovakia, soon aroused interest by his popular courses in Astronomy at the adult education classes and encouraged young amateurs, including a number who became active in the Dundee Astronomical Society (D. A . S.), which was formed a few years later. He and A.S. Dow, Superintendent of the Parks Department, allowed the Society the use of the
lecture-room of the Observatory for meetings. Dr. Císař, because of his St. Andrews commitments, could only devote a limited time to working at the Mills Observatory. In view of this, one of the keenest of the local amateurs, Harry Ford, a technician at Queen's College, became his assistant, and acted as Curator in Dr. Císař's absence. When eventually Dr. Cisar retired he recommended that Mr. Ford be appointed as his successor. This was agreed to by the Council so Ford took up his duties in 1967, first of all on a part-time basis, but eventually on a full-time contract. He was accordingly the first full-time Curator of the Mills Observatory in 1972. This meant that the Observatory could, for the first time, operate on a full-time basis. The D.A.S. became involved in work of the Observatory with the stimulation and encouragement given by Ford, who had inaugurated a programme for the instruction of the public using visual aids and experimental techniques. He also built up interest by excellent public relations work, so that the Observatory attracted attention throughout the world of Amateur astronomy. A number of exhibitions and “Open Days" were held at which the work of the local amateurs was exhibited.
Ford also organised displays of the work of the Observatory and the local Society at the B.A.A.’s Exhibition Meetings in London, which excited great interest among the assembled amateurs, and resulted in many of them making a special journey to Dundee during their holidays. Dr. Patrick Moore, well known TV and Radio personality, praised the work of the Observatory as being "quite unique in his experience." He himself has visited the Observatory on a number of occasions. The period from 1971 to 1977 was a particularly fruitful one in the history of the Observatory. This was the period of the great upsurge of interest due to the space spectaculars of the USSR and USA, culminating in the Apollo missions to the Moon. In July 1969, during the period of the Apollo 11 landing on the Moon, the Observatory witnessed the largest gathering of people in its history, when a colour TV was installed in the lecture-room giving full coverage of the mission, interspersed with talks, slide-shows, and an exhibition, stewarded by members of the D.A.S.
Another significant event which stimulated local press interest was the expedition by Messrs. Ford, M. Findlay and D. Taylor to observe the 1973 total solar eclipse off the coast of Mauretania, as part of the B. A . A . organised cruise on the ship "Monte Umbe", covered for the B.B.C by Patrick Moore and shown on his "Sky at Night" programme on television. The photographs obtained as a result of this trip form an important part of the Observatory archives.
In 1971, a meeting of Scottish Astronomical Societies was held in the Observatory, and a civic reception given to the delegates from all parts of Scotland. This was to be the first of a series of important meetings hosted by the Observatory. Possibly the greatest highlight of this entire period was the "Out of London“ meeting of the B. A. A. held on September 25, 1975 at the University of Dundee, which was organised by Harry Ford and the D.A.S., followed by a Public Lecture at night given by Patrick Moore on the subject of Mars. This attracted such a wide interest that the hall was packed to overflowing and many had to be turned away.
The Lunar Section of the B.A.A. met at the Mills Observatory on a number of occasions. At one such meeting in June 1972, Patrick Moore presented to the Observatory the original manuscript of Walter Goodacre’s observations of the Moon made with the refractor, when it was in his ownership, saying that it was only fitting that the manuscript should be where the telescope was.
Harry Ford succeeded Patrick Moore as Director of the B.A.A. Lunar Section in 1976, with Findlay and Taylor as co-ordinators. Most of the work was carried out by local members of the Section, with the co-operation of the Museums Department. However, in November 1977, due to pressure of work, Ford resigned his Directorship.
During this period also the public work of the Observatory received a great boost, with many more visitors and parties of children and adults. Particular use of the facilities was made by school classes and youth groups. Ford extended the Observatory's displays by construction of many models including various space-crafts. He was also responsible for an important addition to the Observatory's facilities, namely the 12-seat Planetarium or artificial sky, which he built himself from various oddments, and which proved a great attraction in its own right, particularly for the younger visitors, and for school parties. Although it has now been supplemented by a commercially-made planetarium which can accommodate larger parties, Ford's original planetarium is still used regularly for small groups of visitors. Dick Kennedy, the longest-serving caretaker of the Observatory, who began after McDonald left in the 1950s and continued until his retirement in 1973. He was succeeded as caretaker by Jim Richardson, who retired the following year.
From then on the post was combined with that of Assistant to the Curator, and Thomas Flood took over that position. In February 1982, due to domestic circumstances, Ford resigned from his post as Curator and moved south. During his period Thomas Flood served as the Curator,latterly re-designated as City Astronomer. Ford was succeeded in October of that year by the present City Astronomer, Dr. Fiona Vincent, a research astronomer from St. Andrews. Thomas Flood retired later that same year and Gary Hannan, A former member of the D.A.S., took over astronomer's Assistant in February 1983.
The 1982–1983 season was memorable in that the D. A . S . Winter lectures included one by the current Director of the Royal Observatory, Edinburgh, and Astronomer Royal for Scotland, Malcolm Longair, a native of Dundee. Dr. Patrick Moore also paid another visit to the Observatory in connection h a highly successful meeting of Scottish societies affiliated to the B.A.A., hosted by the Dundee society - one of a continuing series of astronomical meetings held at the Observatory.
The following year saw the inauguration of great changes at the Observatory, the net result of which improved the structure and facilities in a marked way the installation of central heating, the re-surfacing of the balcony, the general redecoration of the whole building, and the upgrading of the lecture-room to an audio-visual theatre with carpeted flooring. This, together with the development of the display area and sales section, was made possible by a grant from the Scottish Tourist Board, and meant the greatest upheaval since the Observatory was built. Despite this the work of the Observatory continued uninterrupted and indeed it hosted a record number of booked parties and casual visitors, a tribute to the efforts of the Astronomer and her Assistant.
The social high point of 1984 for the Observatory occurred on June 21, with the official opening of the new improved facilities by Dr. Patrick Moore in the presence of the Lord Provost, civic dignitaries, the Curator of Museums, Adam Ritchie, members of the Museums staff and invited guests. In his speech Dr. Moore predicted that in the future, as in the past, the Mills Observatory would play a great part in the furtherance of amateur astronomy in Britain, and inspire some to take up astronomy as a career.
Facilities.
Mills Observatory is operated by Leisure & Culture Dundee. More than 10,000 people a year visit the Observatory and make use of its unique facilities. Admission is free to the observatory and displays, with a small charge for public planetarium shows.
Group Visits.
Groups are admitted to visit the Observatory at any time during opening hours. Special visits incorporating a Planetarium Show and observing with the main telescope, weather permitting. A small charge is payable for group visits.
Lecture Room.
The lecture room can accommodate up to 40, and provision is available to project 35 mm slides, 6 cm slides, overhead transparencies, or television-based video media.
Observatory Shop.
The observatory shop sells a variety of items including telescopes, souvenirs and minerals. Telescopes are also available from the observatory shop. These are the Skywatcher 114 mm and 60 mm refractor telescopes.
Access for people with disabilities.
Parking is available outside the building and there is a ramp for wheelchair access to the ground floor area, where the main displays are to be seen and where the lecture room and toilets, including an accessible toilet are located. No lift is available for access to the upper areas.
Opening Hours.
April – September
October–March
Image gallery.
Click the image to enlarge
Other Public Observatories.
City Observatory, Edinburgh.
Coats Observatory, Paisley.
Airdrie Public Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="9898495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898495" title="Saint Thyrsus">
Saint Thyrsus

Saint Thyrsus or Thyrsos, (Tirso ;; Thyrse ) (died 251), is venerated as a Christian martyr. He was killed for his faith in Sozopolis (Apollonia), Phrygia, during the persecution of Decius. Leucius (Leukios) and Callinicus (Kallinikos) were martyred with him. Tradition states that Thyrsus endured many tortures and was sentenced to be sawn in half. However, the saw did not penetrate as it became so heavy that the executioners could not use it. Saint Leucius, after reproaching the governor, Cumbricius, was hanged, harrowed on his sides, and then beheaded. Callinicus, a pagan priest, was converted after seeing the martyrdom of Thyrsus and was also beheaded.
Veneration.
Thyrsus' relics were brought to Constantinople. His cult became popular in the Iberian Peninsula, where he was known as Santo Tirso during the Middle Ages and is called San Tirso today. Thyrsus had a full office in the Mozarabic liturgy. Some of his relics were brought to France: Thyrsus is thus the titular saint of the cathedral of Sisteron in the Basses Alpes, the Cathédrale Notre Dame et Saint Thyrse. Thyrsus is thus the patron saint of Sisteron. A 12th-century church was also dedicated to him at Châteauponsac.

</doc>
<doc id="9898510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898510" title="Barnum Museum">
Barnum Museum

The Barnum Museum is a museum in Bridgeport, Connecticut, USA with an extensive collection related to P. T. Barnum and the history of Bridgeport, Connecticut housed in a historic building on the National Register of Historic Places.
Construction.
The building was originally contracted for construction by P. T. Barnum himself. The funds and land for the building and museum were provided by Barnum to house the work of the Bridgeport Scientific Society and the Fairfield County Historical Society. The structure was completed in 1893 and is home to The Barnum Museum today. 
The three story museum in downtown Bridgeport is constructed of stone and terra cotta with architectural influences ranging from Byzantine to Romanesque architecture. As designed, the building was to house the societies as noted above, with the first floor of the building holding commercial establishments. Relief panels lining the top of the building contain imagery from America's history including Native American, maritime, Civil War and industrial age reliefs. There are also busts interspersed among the relief panels of a Native American, Christopher Columbus, George Washington, Elias Howe, Civil War General Winfield Scott and Grover Cleveland.
History.
Before his death, P. T. Barnum bequeathed the sum of US$100,000 for the establishment of the structure. Completed in 1893, the building was originally called The Barnum Institute of Science and History and opened on February 18 of that year. As imagined, it originally operated as a resource library and a lecture hall, attracting such luminaries as the Wright brothers and Thomas Edison to speak. 
Though designed to include them, no commercial properties ever occupied the first floor of the building. This led to financial instability in the original societies that resided in the building, as it was expected that income from those interests would help support the societies. With the onset of the depression, both societies faced fiscal hardship and were forced to cease operation. In 1933, the City of Bridgeport assumed ownership of the building. In 1936, the city opened the Barnum Museum. 
With the building in the hands of the city, it was closed in 1943 for remodeling. It reopened in 1946 as a city hall annex, with the third floor reserved for displaying selected collections from the now defunct societies. The building functioned in this capacity into the 1960s. 
In 1965, at the urging of concerned citizens and city officials, plans were set in motion to return the building to its former status as a museum. All city offices housed in the building were removed in 1965. Subsequent to this, the building was repaired and remodeled to support renewed operations as a museum. These efforts included creating spaces to feature exhibits on the history of Bridgeport and exhibits on the life of Barnum. When re-opened as the P. T. Barnum Museum in 1968, it was staffed by employees of the City of Bridgeport. 
In 1972, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a "highly individual structure" under ID 72001300. 
Starting in 1986, the building was managed by The Barnum Museum Foundation. The foundation is a public-private interest group with the goal of maintaining The Barnum Museum. Renovations began in the same year, costing US$7.5 million Subsequent to renovations, the building was re-opened again in June 1989. New galleries were added detailing history related to the local industrial age and the life of P. T. Barnum. As part of the renovation, a . addition was made to the original building to house rotating exhibitions and events. 
Today, the museum is the only museum dedicated to the life of P. T. Barnum. It contains a miniature replica of his circus hand crafted by William Brinley and including 3000 miniature figures. There is also a miniature replica of his library from his former Iranistan estate and a number of other artifacts and displays of 19th Century life in Bridgeport. Also housed on the property is an exhibit devoted to Tom Thumb, one of P. T. Barnum's most famous acts. The oldest artifact in the museum is a 2500 year old Egyptian mummy verified as authentic by Quinnipiac University personnel.
The museum was seriously damaged by a tornado that struck Bridgeport on June 24, 2010. The museum is soliciting contributions to replace and repair the portions of the collection that were damaged by the storm.
The museum is a member of the North American Reciprocal Museums program.

</doc>
<doc id="9898533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898533" title="Bodysnatcher">
Bodysnatcher

Bodysnatcher was a partly finished script that was written but unused for the first series of the BBC sci-fi sitcom "Red Dwarf". It was said to involve the now intangible Rimmer attempting to construct a body of his own using components of Lister's—such as dandruff and fingernail clippings—before going mad and attempting to steal entire limbs.
History.
Bodysnatcher was one of the scripts to be handed around during the interview process for the main casting, although at this point it was unnamed. It was allegedly this script that caught the attention of Peter Ridsdale-Scott, the commissioner for BBC Manchester that he read on the train bound for BBC London. Alfred Molina and Alan Rickman, who were auditioning for Lister and Rimmer respectively, performed their audition from this script. One of Cat's lines:
"I've eaten five times, I've slept six times, and I've made a lot of things mine. Tomorrow, I'm gonna see if I can have "sex" with something!"
...was originally in this episode's script, but was moved to Confidence and Paranoia when the original script was dropped.
Inconsistencies.
Because this script was conceptualised and part-written at a very early stage of development, many areas of the script do not gel with the other episodes of Series I. For example, the Cat does not speak to anyone but himself. The characters underwent minor development and back story elements were changed throughout Series I, and so the unnamed script would have had to undergo major changes to fit in with the rest of the series and the canon in general.
Deletion.
The original series finale involved Lister resurrecting Kochanski's hologram from the projection disc he found with Confidence. However, when the unnamed script was dropped, Me² was written to compensate for the missing episode and the ending of Confidence and Paranoia was similarly changed so that the disc in Kochanski's box was in fact Rimmer's.
DVD release.
To headline the release of Red Dwarf Remastered on DVD in November 2007, the same audio story board process used in recreating the lost episode of Series VII, Identity Within, was used to create the Bodysnatcher episode. When the script was retrieved from the vaults of Grant Naylor offices, it was found to be without an ending. The writers Rob Grant and Doug Naylor, who went their separate ways during pre-production on the ITV series The 10%ers in 1996, collaborated on bringing the script into line with the series' continuity and giving it an end. 
"Bodysnatcher" became the title feature of the DVD release, due in part to its name and the potentially misleading quality of the "remastered" moniker (as the remastering was done in 1998, not 2007). The DVD set was then entitled "Red Dwarf: The Bodysnatcher Collection". 

</doc>
<doc id="9898548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898548" title="Chacas District">
Chacas District

Chacas is a district of the province Asunción in the Ancash Region of Peru. Its seat is Chacas.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (72.01%) learnt to speak in childhood, 26.42% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9898552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898552" title="2000 Polish Film Awards">
2000 Polish Film Awards

The 2000 Polish Film Awards was the 2nd edition of Polish Film Awards: Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="9898561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898561" title="Super Aguri SA07">
Super Aguri SA07

The Super Aguri F1 SA07 was Super Aguri F1's Formula One car for the 2007 Formula One season. It was designed by Peter McCool and was driven by Takuma Sato and Anthony Davidson.
Customer car controversy.
The 2007 Super Aguri is based on a re-worked RA106 chassis used by Honda F1 in the 2006 Formula One season. It has been the basis of a complaint filed by Spyker F1 against Super Aguri F1. It is believed that the protest is related to articles 2.1, 2.2 and 6.3 of the F1 sporting regulations. Article 6.3 of the F1 sporting regulations states: ""The constructor of an engine or rolling chassis is the person (including any corporate or unincorporated body) which owns the intellectual property rights to such engine or chassis."" Since Super Aguri owns the intellectual property rights, they claim that the car is within the rules. Indeed the Honda F1 RA106 was sold to PJUU Inc, and Super Aguri F1 acquired the rights through them and thereafter modified the package to meet the technical regulations for the 2007 season.
There is also another issue of the team's possible violation of the Concorde Agreement. Both Spyker and Williams claim that Super Aguri (and both Red Bull teams) have broken Schedule 3 of the Agreement which states: ""A constructor is a person (including any incorporated or unincorporated body) who owns the intellectual property rights to the rolling chassis it currently races, and does not incorporate in such chassis any part designed or manufactured by any other constructor of F1 racing cars except for standard items of safety equipment, providing that nothing in the Schedule 3 shall prevent the use of an engine or gearbox manufactured by a person other than the constructor of the chassis."" Spyker and Williams believe that if the SA07 does indeed use components designed by Honda, they would be in violation of the Concorde Agreement. The issue is yet to be clarified and the FIA will not be permitted to take action against a team curtailing the Concorde Agreement until the issue has been resolved in a court of law. Super Aguri maintains their innocence in this issue, though the matter is still of great contention.
Race history.
The car performed extremely well compared to its predecessor the SA06. In qualifying for the Australian Grand Prix, both drivers comfortably made it through the first knockout stage - a first for the team - and Takuma Sato managed to get through to the final ten. In race pace, the car has performed less favourably, but has still catapulted Super Aguri off the back row of the grid. In Spain they scored their first ever point after Takuma Sato finished in eighth but only after Nick Heidfeld fell to the wayside due to a pit stop error and a high attrition rate. Two races later, in Canada, Sato scored another three points in an incident-filled Grand Prix, overtaking World Champion Fernando Alonso in the process, while Davidson ran strongly, on a one-stopper, in 3rd place, before he hit a groundhog, which forced him to stop and drop out of the points. The car had frequently been more competitive than parent team Honda's RA107, although the factory Honda team finished ahead in the Constructor's Championship with 6 points, compared to Super Aguri's 4.

</doc>
<doc id="9898565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898565" title="Mikhail Sadovsky">
Mikhail Sadovsky

Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sadovsky () (November 6, 1904, Saint Petersburg - October 12, 1994) was a Soviet physicist, academician (1966), and Hero of Socialist Labor (1949). Awarded the Lomonosov Gold Medal in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9898586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898586" title="Giovanni Stradone">
Giovanni Stradone

Giovanni Stradone can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9898593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898593" title="William Jackson Worthington">
William Jackson Worthington

William Jackson Worthington (November 9, 1833 – May 22, 1914) served as the 26th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky under Governor William O. Bradley from 1895-1899. He was born in Pennsylvania and died in Boyd County, Kentucky.
Early life.
Worthington was born near Johnstown, Pennsylvania, but spent his childhood in Ohio. He came to Kentucky with his parents as a teenager, and served in the Twenty-second Kentucky Volunteer Infantry of the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was commissioned captain of the Company B of the Infantry, and was later promoted to the ranks of major and lieutenant colonel. Worthington was present during the Siege of Vicksburg and the Battle of Cumberland Gap. He was under the command of Ambrose Burnside during the Red River Campaign and at the Capture of New Orleans.
After the conflict's end, Colonel Worthington returned to his home in Greenup County, Kentucky and purchased a furnace in the Hanging Rock Iron Field. He was actively involved in the iron business for about fifteen years.
Career.
Worthington was prominent and influential in local affairs during his lifetime. He served one term as county judge of Greenup, and was elected a state senator in 1869. In 1895 he was elected lieutenant governor of the state, and in 1900 he was again elected to the State Legislature.
Legacy.
The city of Worthington, Kentucky was named after Worthington, being built by his daughters upon land inherited from the Colonel.

</doc>
<doc id="9898605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898605" title="Ovchepoltsi">
Ovchepoltsi

Ovchepoltsi () is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. it has 1,107 inhabitants. The village is located in a hilly area, known as "Ovchite Halmove" (Sheep Hills). As this name suggests, sheep breeding is the main occupation. The village is also a stop at the Plovdiv-Panagyurishte railway.
There is a military airport situated to the south of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9898621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9898621" title="Walsall Academy">
Walsall Academy

Walsall Academy is a Comprehensive Academy secondary school in Bloxwich, West Midlands, England. It opened in September 2003 with 470 students on the roll, and after four years that figure had increased to 1,150 – making it one of the most populated secondary schools in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall.
The school was one of the first City Academies in Britain. Sponsored by the Worshipful Company of Mercers and Thomas Telford School, it provides free education for all students.
Built on the site of the former T. P. Riley Comprehensive School, it cost £23 million. A number of the teachers were carried over from T.P Riley School, while others were new recruits and a few were transferred from Thomas Telford School.
The current Head Teacher is Vivienne Evans, who replaced Jean Hickman. Miss Evans is a former deputy head at Thomas Telford School, and joined the Academy in September 2009. As with Thomas Telford, demand for places is high. In its first year of opening, there were 421 applicants for the 168 (raised to 192 due to demand) places on offer for Year 7 students. The number was subsequently reduced back to 168. The school's motto is 'A different choice of school'.
In 2009, it was the fifth highest ranking secondary school overall (and the second highest ranking state comprehensive) in the borough with 61% of GCSE students gained 5 A*-C grades.

</doc>
