<doc id="9644895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644895" title="SC250 bomb">
SC250 bomb

The SC 250 ("Sprengbombe Cylindrisch 250") was an air-dropped general purpose high-explosive bomb built by Germany during World War II and used extensively during that period. It could be carried by almost all German bomber aircraft, and was used to notable effect by the Junkers Ju 87 "Stuka" ("Sturzkampfflugzeug" or dive-bomber). The bomb's weight was about 250 kg, from which its designation was derived.
It was used in the Eastern Front and many other theatres, and was feared for its destructive power. The SC 250 was one of the most commonly used bombs in World War II and used extensively during the Blitz on London.
Design.
The bomb consisted of three sections; the nose cone, the body, and the base plate, to which the four-finned tail was attached. With an overall weight of the bomb itself was long, including the tail, and in diameter. It contained of a mixture of amatol and TNT, and later TNT with additives including wax, woodmeal, aluminium powder, naphthalene and ammonium nitrate. The bomb was held in place by suspension lugs, which could be fitted either to the nose to hold the bomb vertically inside a bomb bay, or to the body if it were slung horizontally below the fuselage or wing of an aircraft.
Fuzes.
The SC 250 could be fitted with a variety of fuzes depending on the target: 

</doc>
<doc id="9644897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644897" title="Ragged Flag">
Ragged Flag

Ragged Flag is a record label founded in 2007 by members of the band The Prodigy, and backed by the Cooking Vinyl Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9644900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644900" title="Sipahh">
Sipahh

Sipahh Milk Flavouring Straws are a range of flavouring straws that turn plain cold milk into flavoured milk as the milk is sipped through the straw. Sippah straws are used like a normal straw. First launched in Australia in October 2005, the Sipahh straw is now available in 44 countries across 5 continents. The straws have a range of flavours including chocolate, banana, caramel, strawberry, vanilla, cookies & cream, honeycomb and choc-mint. They are now sold as a health option at McDonalds in some countries.
Sipahh is the first commercially produced product to utilize the Unistraw Delivery System (UDS). The UDS consists of 3 parts: a recyclable, transparent straw; unique filters, at each end of the straw; hundreds of UniBeads inside each straw that deliver flavour to liquids sipped through the straw. Unistraw was awarded The Australian Institute of Food Science Technology's Food Industry Innovation Award in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9644927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644927" title="Adam de Tyninghame">
Adam de Tyninghame

Adam de Tyninghame was a 14th-century cleric and, as his name suggests, a probable native of Tyninghame in East Lothian. Adam appears in the records as rector of Falkirk (under Holyrood Abbey) from 1344, and by 1360 he was the secretary of William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas. In 1378, he was sent as one of four ambassadors sent to France for the Scottish king. He was Dean of the diocese of Aberdeen - briefly dean of Dunblane in 1361 - from 1362 until 1380, the year in which he was elected as Bishop of Aberdeen. 
In 1382 Bishop Adam was engaged in a struggle with the husbandmen of "Fermartyne" (Formartine), who had not paid their second tithes, and Adam had to get an order from the Lieutenant of Scotland, John, Earl of Carrick, to enforce payment. Adam, however, did not enjoy a good relationship with Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan, who was the main warlord of the north and brother of Carrick. He continued his close relationship with the Douglases, his first patrons, and at different points in the 1380s can be found witnessing documents by Margaret, Countess of Mar, window of the first Earl of Douglas and mother to the second.
Adam died on 18 September 1389.

</doc>
<doc id="9644929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644929" title="Wesley Chapel (Cincinnati)">
Wesley Chapel (Cincinnati)

Wesley Chapel was a Methodist church in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. Built in 1831 on the north side of Fifth Street between Broadway and Sycamore, it was a simple red brick Georgian structure copied after John Wesley's original Methodist church in London. With 1,200 seats, it was the largest meeting place west of the Alleghenies and the largest building in Cincinnati for many years. It was the seat of Methodism in Cincinnati.
The funeral of William Henry Harrison took place there in 1841.
In 1845, former president John Quincy Adams spoke at Wesley Chapel, dedicating the new Cincinnati Observatory being built on Mount Adams. In the years before the Civil War, political rallies and anti-slavery meetings frequently were held there.
During the early years, a cemetery was near the Chapel on Fifth Street; when the Wesleyan Cemetery, was founded in 1843 many of the bodies were moved to the new cemetery.
A long struggle took place between 1965 and 1972 between the Procter & Gamble Corporation and the people who wanted to save the oldest surviving church in the city, Wesley Chapel. P & G offered several options, including moving the building across the street. The congregation elected to build a new church in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood. Wesley Chapel was demolished in 1972.
The new Wesley Chapel is located at 80 East Mcmicken Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="9644956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644956" title="Thomas Kiplitany">
Thomas Kiplitany

Thomas Kiplitany (born 15 June 1983) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships he finished fifth in the short race, while the Kenyan team, of which Kiplitany was a part, won the gold medal in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9644973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644973" title="David Kilel">
David Kilel

David Kilel (born 21 May 1984) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
He won a silver medal in 3000 metres at the 2001 World Youth Championships and finished eighth in the short race at the 2003 World Cross Country Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9644980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644980" title="Nicolás Pauls">
Nicolás Pauls

Nicolás Pauls (born December 20, 1973) is an Argentine actor. The brother of actor Gastón Pauls, he made his breakthrough in television series "90-60-90 modelos" and film "Buenos Aires Vice Versa" in 1996, for which he earned Argentine Film Critics Association Awards for Best New Star nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="9644989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644989" title="A Scientific Theology">
A Scientific Theology

A Scientific Theology is a set of three books by Alister McGrath that explores the parallels between the working assumptions and methods of Christian theology and those of the natural sciences. "Scientific Theology" is also the "running title" of the project which gave rise to the trilogy. The work is preceded by three volumes that McGrath describes as "landmarks" in the development of his scientific theology: "The Genesis of Doctrine: A Study in the Foundations of Doctrinal Criticism", "The Foundations of Dialogue in Science and Religion" and "Thomas F. Torrance: An Intellectual Biography". The trilogy was later summarised in "The Science of God." McGrath is working on a "scientific dogmatics" which will deal with the content of Christian theology following the method developed in the trilogy.
The concept of "scientific theology".
Overview.
Since at least the time of the 2nd century apologists Christian theology has sought to relate itself to major intellectual trends. In earlier periods this meant engagement with Platonism and Aristotelianism. But as these philosophical systems waned under the increasing influence of natural philosophy (later "science") so Christian theology increasingly tended to focus on engagement with the natural sciences.
This engagement would eventually lead to the idea that Christian Theology itself should be "scientific" and by the earlier part of the 20th century calls were being made for a "scientific theology." This call has been answered in various ways.
These various approaches to "scientific theology" may be loosely categorised as "methodological" or "doctrinal" depending upon their primary focus. These concerns, however, are by no means mutually exclusive.
A "methodological" approach is concerned with practicing theology in a "scientific" manner and focuses on clearly articulating the assumptions, methods, and related thought-forms to be taken into account in the construction of dogmatic formulations.
A "doctrinal" approach is concerned with the inter-relationship of scientific and doctrinal content and focuses on formulating Christian theology against a framework of specific scientific theorems.
McGrath's approach to "scientific theology".
By a “scientific theology” McGrath does not mean an attempt to reconcile particular Christian beliefs with particular scientific theorems. Such efforts are regarded by him as pointless because they become outdated with scientific progress. Rather, McGrath seeks to draw upon the proven assumptions and methods of the natural sciences in order to inform the practice of Christian theology.
Such an approach is grounded in the fundamental belief that Christian theology seeks to describe the same God who (in whatever way) created the natural order which the natural sciences seek to describe. The assumption is that a theological investigation of reality can be informed by the approach taken in a scientific investigation of reality.
It is critical to distinguish levels of reality so that each level is investigated according to its appropriate methods. On this basis, the reality of God and the contingent reality of the created order are taken as distinct although still related levels of reality. It is important to note that this is not regarded as a self-evident truth, but acknowledged to be a claim of Christian theology which is based in revelation. 
It is the Christian understanding of revelation as disclosure of an objective reality that justifies, in McGrath's view, claims of a correspondence between the assumptions and methods of Christian theology and those of the natural sciences. He argues that just as the natural sciences are an investigation of the objective reality of the natural order, so Christian theology is an investigation of the (revealed) objective reality of God.
Christian theology and the natural sciences, therefore, are both a response to reality and so must proceed "a posteriori"-that is from observations (i.e. of revealed or natural data respectively) to dogmas/theorems.
Ideally, neither discipline confuses its theoretical constructs with the reality it seeks to describe. Both should be critical of their dogmas/theorems and constantly put them to the test. For Christian theology this means continually assessing Christian faith and practice against the revelation of God in Jesus Christ “the incarnate word.”
In this work McGrath commits himself to an approach that seeks to avoid the use of contemporary views of religion as found in the work of the distinguished Ian Barbour and Arthur Peacocke, keeping instead to a classic Christian theological formulation (i.e., traditional credal Christian orthodoxy), which is a position closer to John Polkinghorne according to McGrath. Also when relating Christianity and science, the three volumes stress the "provisionality" of scientific understanding, findings, and conclusions. This sort of provisionality makes relating Christianity to science very different from relating Christianity to fairly settled views such as Platonism and Aristotelianism.
Rationale.
Commenting that "riting on method is a bit like clearing your throat before beginning a lecture. You can only go on so long before the audience starts to get a little restless." McGrath makes clear that the methodological concerns of "A Scientific Theology" constitute an extensive preliminary to the development of a systematic theology constructed according to the trilogy's methodological grounds. 
"A Scientific Theology" is intended by McGrath to be ecumenical in approach and valuable to Catholic, Orthodox, Protestant and evangelical readers.
Due to both McGrath's creedal commitments, "A Scientific Theology" is "a systematic work "of theology"".
Due precisely to the scope of the work, McGrath felt led to prepare a short volume "The Science of God" which "is designed to introduce the distincive themes and emphasis of this scientific theology to a wider readership"
In intent, the trilogy is a very ambitious project which seeks to lay a methodological groundwork for further theological reflection. In execution, McGrath himself acknowledges that it falls somewhat short of its goal. Writing in the conclusion to the third volume he explains;
Other Works of Relevance to the Scientific Theology Project.
The three volumes of "A Scientific Theology" form part of a broader project which has issued in a number of other books by McGrath. The contents of these books, and their relation to the scientific theology project, are briefly described in this section.
"The Science of God" (2004).
The Science of God is a small book prepared by McGrath to introduce the themes and emphases of "A Scientific Theology" to a wider readership. Four considerations guided its preparation;
Fleming, noting the impact of McGrath's project, describes "The Science of God" as ""an accessible place to begin following what is likely to become one of the most influential areas in the science-religion dialogue.""
Reviews and Criticism.
Reviews of this work have appeared in "The Journal of Religion", "Journal of the American Academy of Religion", and "Isis" amongst others.
Volume 1: Nature.
Willem B. Drees, Leiden University, The Netherlands, offered a lengthy review of "Volume 1: Nature" in which he followed a summary of the work with a solid critique. There are three points at which Drees critiques McGrath throughout the review;
Drees concludes; “McGrath’s book is rich in historical detail and in footnotes (I wish they had been covered by the index as well) and very outspoken in its judgments … I find the book falling short in the accuracy with which it deals with other positions and with complex issues such as the philosophical arguments pro and contra scientific realism...and theological realism.”
Larry L. Rasmussen, Reinhold Niebuhr Emeritus Professor of Social Ethics, Union Theological Seminary, considered "A Scientific Theology: Volume 1, Nature" to be “immensely learned and instructive.” After giving a brief summary of the volume’s themes and contents he concludes that McGrath is "in full command of the English and German language sources within what he calls 'the western intellectual community.'" However, Rasmussen finds “unsettling” McGrath's failure to move outside that community to engage with recent Christian sources – feminist and Two-Thirds World in particular – which in recent decades have challenged both McGrath’s streams of theology, and the epistemologies and philosophy of science. Thus, although McGrath sees his project as “a public theology,” Rasmussen considers that this “does not mean engagement with voices that dissent from his canon.” He concludes: “Given the ferment in both theology and science...this is an unfortunate omission in an otherwise learned undertaking.”
Gregory Snyder in the "Anglican Theological Review" considered Volume 1 "a magisterial historical, philosophical, theological, and biblical treatise on "nature." By its end, I felt as if I had completed a seminary course in natural theology. It is well written, erudite, at times even provocative, and humorous. However, it is not a book for the faint of heart. It is a book to consume slowly and savor in one's study, notepad in hand."

</doc>
<doc id="9644990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644990" title="Juanita Phillips">
Juanita Phillips

Juanita Phillips (born 11 October 1963 in Brisbane) is an Australian journalist and news presenter. She works for the ABC as weeknight presenter of "ABC News" in New South Wales and evening presenter for ABC News 24 bulletins.
Career.
Phillips began her career in Brisbane in 1982 as a cadet journalist at "The Courier-Mail" where she became a feature writer and columnist.
In the early 1990s, Phillips worked at TVQ-10 Brisbane as a reporter and presenter and she made her national debut as regular presenter on "Ten Eyewitness News" weekend late edition (from Network Ten's Brisbane studios) in 1993. A year later, Phillips moved to Sydney to join Ron Wilson on TEN-10's "Ten News First at Five", succeeding Sandra Sully and she was lead female presenter for the bulletin for two years and was later succeeded by Jessica Rowe.
In 1997, following a stint as presenter with Sky News Australia, Phillips moved to London where she worked as a news presenter at BBC World News while at the same time running a London cafe. She later moved to CNN International, also in London, working mainly as co-anchor on "CNN Today" before returning to Australia as weekend presenter of "ABC News" in New South Wales.
In 2003, she moved to co-anchor "ABC News NSW" with Tony Eastley and later become solo presenter of the bulletin.
During 2007, Phillips wrote a number of articles for "The Bulletin" including an article on animal rights activist Lyn White that caused some controversy.
On 30 November 2007, Phillips suffered an on-air coughing fit while presenting "ABC News NSW", forcing the ABC to switch to a simulcast of the Victoria state bulletin from its Melbourne station until her coughing fit subsided. In her 2010 book, "A Pressure Cooker Saved My Life", she describes the episode as a result of a stress-induced laryngeal spasm.
On 19 November 2013 The Australian published the ABC's top salaries: host Juanita Phillips salary is $316,000.
Personal life.
In 2002, Phillips married Mario Milostic, an Australian graphic designer, after a six-week courtship. Their first child, Marcus, was born in 2003 and their daughter, Mischa, in 2006. In 2009, Phillips took carer's leave from the ABC to care for their children while her husband Mario was interstate for rehabilitation from bowel cancer. They separated in 2010.
In 2012, Phillips began a relationship with Federal Government Minister for Climate Change, Greg Combet. In 2013, the relationship attracted some controversy for a first-class overseas trip paid from government funds. In May 2013, Phillips was removed from one evening's ABC News bulletin due to a conflict of interest that arose after Combet faced an ICAC inquiry into government corruption.

</doc>
<doc id="9644993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644993" title="Meba Tadesse">
Meba Tadesse

Meba Tadesse (born 1986) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner. At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships he finished seventh in the short race, while the Ethiopian team, of which Tadesse was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition. He won the world junior cross country title at the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. He has not competed internationally as a senior athlete. He has track bests of 7:48.18 minutes for the 3000 metres and 13:16.40 min for the 5000 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="9644994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644994" title="Landfill liner">
Landfill liner

A landfill liner, or composite landfill liner, is intended to be a low permeable barrier, which is laid down under engineered landfill sites. Until it deteriorates, the liner retards migration of leachate, and its toxic constituents, into underlying aquifers or nearby rivers, causing spoiliation of the local water.
Modern landfills generally require a layer of compacted clay with a minimum required thickness and a maximum allowable hydraulic conductivity, overlaid by a high-density polyethylene geomembrane.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency has stated that the barriers "will ultimately fail," while the site remains a threat for "thousands of years," suggesting that modern landfill designs delay but do not prevent ground and surface water pollution.
Chipped or waste tires are used to support and insulate the liner.
Mechanical Properties.
The primary forms of mechanical degradation associated with geomembranes result from insufficient tensile strength, tear resistance, impact resistance, puncture resistance, and susceptibility to environmental stress cracking (ESC). The ideal method of assessing the amount of liner degradation would be by examining field samples over their service life. Due to the lengths of time required for field sampling tests, various laboratory-accelerated ageing tests have been developed to measure the important mechanical properties.
Tensile strength.
Tensile strength represents the ability for a geomembrane to resist tensile stress. Geomembranes are most commonly tested for tensile strength using one of three methods; the uniaxial tensile test described in ASTM D639-94, the wide-strip tensile test described in ASTM D4885-88, and the multiaxial tension test described in ASTM D5617-94. The difference in these three methods lies in the boundaries imposed into the test specimens. Uniaxial tests do not provide lateral restraint during testing and thus tests the sample under uniaxial stress conditions. During the wide-strip test the sample is restrained laterally while the middle portion is unrestrained. The multiaxial tensile test provides a plane stress boundary condition at the edges of the sample. A typical range of tensile strengths in the machine direction are from 225 to 245 lb/in for 60-mil HDPE to 280 to 325 lb/in for 80-mil HDPE.
Tear resistance.
Tear resistance of a geomembrane becomes important when it is exposed to high winds or handling stress during installation. There are various ASTM methods for measuring tear resistance of geomembranes, with most common reports using ASTM D1004. Typical tear resistances show a value of 40 to 45 lb for 60-mil HDPE and 50 to 60 lb for 80-mil HDPE.
Impact resistance.
Impact resistance provides an assessment of the effects of impacts from falling objects which can either tear or weaken the geomembrane. As with the previous mechanical properties, there are various ASTM methods for assessment. Significantly higher impact resistances are realized when geotextiles are placed above or below the geomembrane. Thicker geomembranes also display higher impact resistances.
Puncture resistance.
Puncture resistance of a geomembrane is important due to the heterogeneous material above and below a typical liner. Rough surfaces, such as stones or other sharp objects, may puncture a membrane if it does not have sufficient puncture resistance. Various methods beyond standard ASTM tests are available; one such method, the critical cone height test, measures the maximum height of a cone on which a compressed geomembrane, which is subjected to increasing pressure, does not fail. HDPE samples typically have a critical cone height of around 1 cm.
Environmental stress cracking.
Environmental stress cracking is defined as external or internal cracking in plastic induced by applied tensile stress less than its short-term tensile strength. ESC is a fairly common observation in HDPE geomembranes and thus needs to be evaluated carefully. Proper polymeric properties, such as molecular weight, orientation, and distribution, aid in ESC resistance. ASTM D5397 test method for evaluation of stress crack resistance of polyolefin geomembranes using notched constant tensile load (NCTL) provides the necessary procedure for measuring the ESC resistance of most HDPE geomembranes. The current recommended transition time for an acceptable HDPE geomembrane is around 100 h.

</doc>
<doc id="9645012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645012" title="Tessema Absher">
Tessema Absher

Tessema Abshero (Amharic: ተሠማ አብሸር; born 9 December 1986 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner.
He finished tenth in the 5000 metres at the 2002 African Championships. At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships he finished twelfth in the short race, while the Ethiopian team, of which Absher was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition.
He set a marathon best of 2:08:26 at the Hamburg Marathon in 2008 and also took part in the 2009 London Marathon.
He inspired his younger brother, Ayele Abshero, to run and Ayele became world junior champion in cross country in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9645019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645019" title="Steen Rømer Larsen">
Steen Rømer Larsen

Steen Rømer Larsen (born 24 February 1949) is a Danish former football (soccer) player, who played for B 1903 in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1969 Danish football championship. He played eight games and scored four goals for the Denmark national football team. He moved abroad to play professionally for FC Nantes and Union St. Gilloise in France and Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="9645020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645020" title="Adam Fidusiewicz">
Adam Fidusiewicz

Adam Fidusiewicz (born 18 February 1985 in Warszawa, Poland) is a Polish actor.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9645034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645034" title="Felicity Davey">
Felicity Davey

Felicity Davey is an Australian journalist. 
Career.
Davey trained as a journalist at Curtin University in Perth, graduating in 1992. Felicity has worked for Radio 6PR in Perth, the ABC in Perth, 2GB, Channel Nine, Sky News and ABC Radio and Television News in Sydney.
In 2003, Davey was appointed weekend presenter of "ABC News" in New South Wales.
Felicity has previously hosted and been a fill in presenter on other "ABC News" programs, including "The Midday Report", "The 7.30 Report" and "Lateline". She also hosted the international "Hemispheres" program with Ian Hanomansing of CBC Television in Canada.
In December 2012, Davey resigned as weekend presenter of "ABC News NSW" after 10 years in the role, to spend time with her family on weekends. She will remain with the ABC in a freelance capacity.
Personal life.
Davey has two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9645037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645037" title="Abiyote Endale">
Abiyote Endale

Abiyot Endale (born 1986) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships he finished thirteenth in the short race, while the Ethiopian team, of which Endale was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition.
Personal bests.
He now lives in Bronx, NY and runs for the Westchester Track Club coached by the legendary Mike Barnow. Mike Barnow is an amazing coach due to his high caliber training. Endale does training in Van Courtlandt Park (Bronx,NY), Central Park (New York,NY) and Rockefeller State Park(Sleepy Hollow,NY). In addition to racing, Endale also mentors younger runners in Westchester Track Club (WTC) workshops for grade school age developing runners. Similarly, during summers he is a counselor at WTC's Summer Running Camp.
He remains a threat to other runners in the US racing community.

</doc>
<doc id="9645041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645041" title="Mount Shasta Ski Park">
Mount Shasta Ski Park

Mount Shasta Ski Park is a ski resort located in northern California, just east of Interstate 5 along SR 89 between the city of Mount Shasta and the town of McCloud. The ski area lies about south of the summit of Mount Shasta, the second highest volcano in the Cascade Range. It straddles several small volcanic buttes on the lower southern flanks of the massive stratovolcano, with chairlifts running to the top of the , Douglas Butte, and the Marmot Ridge. The total skiable vertical is , with 20% of the terrain rated beginner, 55% intermediate, and 25% advanced.
History.
The Ski Park was the second ski area constructed on Mount Shasta, but the only one which now survives. The old Mount Shasta Ski Bowl had been built in 1958 in a huge open cirque much higher up on the southern flank of the volcano, with a lodge at and lifts topping out above timberline at . However, the ski area had often been in financial trouble over the next two decades, and a massive avalanche in January 1978 which destroyed the main chairlift was the finishing blow. The Ski Bowl closed permanently after that, and there was no more lift-served skiing on Mount Shasta until 1985, when local businessmen and developers finally began construction of a new ski area lower down on the mountain, in an area well below timberline and safe from avalanches. The Mount Shasta Ski Park opened on December 14, 1985, and has been successfully operating for over two decades since then. The ski area is located entirely on a single section inholding of private land within the checkerboard pattern of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest, and road access is via Forest Route 88 across national forest land.

</doc>
<doc id="9645047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645047" title="Yao Zhenshan">
Yao Zhenshan

Yao Zhenshan (姚振山) was a Chinese soldier and leader of the resistance to the Pacification of Manchukuo.
Before the Mukden Incident, Yao was a Captain, commanding a Company in the Third Battalion, 676th Regiment, 27th Brigade of the Kirin Provincial Army. Following the events at Manchuria, he joined Wang Delin's Chinese People's National Salvation Army. 
After the Army, led by Wang Delin, was defeated, it retreated from Manchukuo. Yao remained behind in eastern Kirin province. Acting Commander-in-Chief of the National Salvation Army, Wu Yicheng, soon appointed Yao to Brigade Commander. He led the brigade on various expeditions and coordinated with other anti-Japanese forces to harass the Japanese. In 1934 he was made one of three First Corps Commanders in the National Salvation Army. He later cooperated with the 2nd Route Army of the Northeast Anti-Japanese United Army in the war against Japan and their Manchukuoan armies. 
Following Yao's death in battle, in 1938, the wife of Kong Xianrong, another of Wang Delin's subordinates, led the small band of his remaining forces, which continued to fight until the spring of 1941, when the group was annihilated.

</doc>
<doc id="9645061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645061" title="Nokia E65">
Nokia E65

The Nokia E65 is a smartphone in the Eseries range, a S60 platform third edition device with slide action. It shared many of the features of the N95 (quad band GSM, 3G, wifi, bluetooth) released around the same time, but thinner, lighter and without the GPS.
It was followed fairly quickly by the E66, which was very similar but gained an FM radio, a newer release of S60, A2DP bluetooth, GPS and 3.2 mpixel camera.
Smartphone or Feature phone.
Although Nokia have said that this is a smartphone but it is actually a feature phone with a lot of features of a smartphone. One can call it a smartphone (as it is on this Wikipedia page also) but according to the core and (slightly) complex definition of a smartphone and a feature phone, Nokia E65 is still a feature phone, and its of-course with assumable reasons.
Operation times vary depending on the network and usage.
Known issues.
Many users have experienced problems with the SIM connecting to the network after using the phone for some time. Most of them had to bring the phone to the Nokia center to get their phone repaired or replaced. The cause seems to be a design problem in the SIM container on the chassis of the phone. The SIM container is mainly built of a thin metal foil, which in time tends to bend, thus disconnecting the SIM from the mobile phone's SIM contacts. The problem can apparently be solved just by putting a bit of paper between the metal foil and the SIM, enabling it to make contact.
There's also difficulties in making connection to WLAN networks which use EAP-PEAP and MSchapV2 protocols if you update the phone's firmware (this is true as for firmware version 3.0633.69)
Other users experience problems with the phone connecting to third party GPS devices over Bluetooth. This seems to be a compatibility flaw in the Nokia Bluetooth stack of Nokia Maps as these devices do connect well when used with Google Maps on the E65.

</doc>
<doc id="9645064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645064" title="Rethymnian Brewery">
Rethymnian Brewery

Rethymnian Brewery () is a microbrewery situated near Armeni, Rethymno, Crete, Greece.
The company produces two types of beer using traditional organic methods and according to the German "Reinheitsgebot" of 1516. The hops are imported from Germany, biologically brewed, and the result is either a "Rethymnian Blonde" or "Rethymnian Dark" (both 4.8% ABV).
The beer is bottled in 0.33lt swing-top bottles.

</doc>
<doc id="9645073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645073" title="Moha">
Moha

Moha may refer to:
In places:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="9645079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645079" title="Khatam an-Nabiyyin">
Khatam an-Nabiyyin

Khātam an-Nabiyyīn (), or Seal of the Prophets is a title used by the Qur'an to designate the Islamic prophet Muhammad. It is often understood to mean that Muhammad is the last in a series of prophets who, according to Muslim beliefs, were chosen by God to deliver the divine message of Islam. Muslims generally agree that Muhammad received the final revelation from God, in the form of the Qur'an, and that it was intended for all mankind, for all time to come. This being the Last and Final Testament is understood from words of the Qur'an, "This day have I perfected your religion for you, completed my favor upon you, and have chosen for you Islam as your religion" These are also supposed to be the last verses revealed to Muhammad before his death in 632 CE. 
Among the Muslim scholars, there is a complete consensus that Muhammad is the Last of the Prophets who gave mankind a New Law (Shariah), however, the advent of a Prophet in the later days (Jesus son of Mary) has never been denied, who will appear as a "Subordinate" or "Disciple" (ummati) prophet and will judge according to Muhammadan Law.
Origin.
The title "Khatam an-Nabiyyin" (, "khātam an-nabīyīn"), usually translated as "Seal of the Prophets", is applied to Muhammad in verse 33:40 of the Qur'an. The popular reads,
There is a difference among the schools of Qur'anic recitation regarding the reading of the word خاتم in verse 33:40 – it can be read as either "khātim" or "khātam". Of the ten "qirā’āt" (readings, methods of recitation) regarded as authentic – seven "mutawātir" and three "mashhūr" – all read خاتم in this verse with a "kasrah" on the "tāʼ " (خاتِم, "khātim") with the exception of 'Asim, who reads with a "fatḥah" on the "tāʼ" (خاتَم, "khātam"). The reading of al-Hasan, a "shadhdh" (aberrant) recitation, is also "khātam".
The recitation that has become prevalent in most of the world today is Hafs 'an 'Asim - that is, the "qirā’ah" of 'Asim in the "riwāyah" (transmission) of his student Hafs. The reading of 33:40 according to Hafs 'an 'Asim is as follows:
khātam (خَا تَم) in Quran.
The phrase "Khatamun Nabiyyīn" (The Seal of the Prophets) is a compound of two words, Khatam (خَا تَم) (seal) and النَّبِيِّينَ an-Nabiyyin (The Prophets). The triliteral root khā, tā, mīm (خ, ت, م) occurs eight times in the Quran, in four derived forms: 
Interpretation of the phrase خَاتَمَ النَّبِيِّينَ.
The scholars of Islam, have interpreted this "Finality" to mean that Muhammad is the Last and Final Law bearing Messenger of God. Some examples from the writings of the past scholars affirm this point:
The expression خَاتَمَ النَّبِيِّينَ which means, the Seal of the Prophets; has also been understood to mean 'the best of the Prophets', 'the Final and Last prophet', 'the Last authority', 'the Embellishment of the prophets'; and "Last", in the sense that all the qualities and attributes of prophethood found their most perfect and complete consummation and expression in him.
The Ahadith.
In a well-known hadith reported by Abu Hurayrah, Jabir ibn Abd Allah, Ubayy ibn Ka'b, and Abu Sa'id al-Khudri, and recorded by al-Bukhari, Muslim, at-Tirmidhi, Ahmad, an-Nasa'i, and others, Muhammad compared the relationship between himself and the previous prophets to a building missing a single brick. In "Sahih al-Bukhari" it is reported by Abu Hurayrah that Muhammad said, "My similitude in comparison with the prophets before me is that of a man who has built a house nicely and beautifully, except for a place of one brick in a corner. The people go about it and wonder at its beauty, but say: 'Would that this brick be put in its place!' So I am that brick, and I am the seal of the prophets" (fa’anā ’l-labinah, wa anā khātamu ’n-nabīyīn). This hadith is narrated with similar wording in "Sahih Muslim", "Musnad Ahmad", "Sunan al-Kubra" of an-Nasa'i, and "Sahih Ibn Hibban". In "Mu'jam al-Awsat", at-Tabarani narrated a variant wording of the hadith with the last statement being, "So I am that I am the seal of the prophets, there is no prophet after me" (fa’anā dhālika, anā khātamu ’n-nabīyīn, lā nabīya ba‘dī). Ibn Hibban also has a variant ending with "I was the place of that brick, with me concluded the of messengers" (fakuntu anā mawḍi‘u tilka ’l-labinah, khutima biya ’r-rusul). In "Sahih Muslim" and "Musnad Ahmad" the hadith is also reported by Jabir ibn Abd Allah, with the last statement being "So I am the place of that brick, I have come and concluded the of prophets" (fa’anā mawḍi‘u ’l-labinah, ji’tu fakhatamtu ’l-anbiyā’). Abu Dawud at-Tayalisi in his "Musnad" has from Jabir, "So I am the place of that brick, with me concluded the of prophets" (fa’anā mawḍi‘u ’l-labinah, khutima biya ’l-anbiyā’).
In another hadith, Muhammad prophesized the appearance of a number of false prophets before the day of judgement, while asserting his status as the seal of the prophets. It is reported by Thawban ibn Bajdad that Muhammad said, "The Hour will not be established until tribes of my "ummah" (community) unite with the idolaters, and until they worship idols. And in my "ummah" there will be thirty liars, each of whom will claim to be a prophet, (but) I am the seal of the prophets, there is no prophet after me." (kulluhum yaz‘umu annahu nabī, wa anā khātamu ’n-nabīyīn, lā nabīya ba‘dī). Hudhayfah ibn al-Yaman reports that Muhammad said, "In my "ummah" there will twenty-seven liars and "dajjals", among whom are four women, (but) I am the seal of the prophets, there is no prophet after me".
It is believed that Muhammad explained the phrase "Khatamun-Nabiyyin" by giving examples such as: I am the last in line of the Prophets of God and my Mosque is the last Mosque.
In another such narration, it is believed, he has further explained the concept of "Last" when he addressed his uncle Abbas bin Abdul Muttalib as Khatam-ul Muhajireen. or addressing Ali as Khatam ul Auliya. The above narrations depicts Muhammad as the last prophet. The consensus of the scholars of Islam, has been that the phrase last prophet, signifys "the last Law Giver Prophet" and Messenger of God. Muhammad is reported to have affirmed the descent of a prophet in the later days, as his subordinate.
Jesus will descend as an Islamic prophet.
The appearance of a Messenger/Prophet in the later days had been prophesied by Muhammad himself. As can be affirmed from the narrations ( hadith) of Muhammad recorded in the "most authentic books" like Sahih al-Bukhari and Sahih al-Muslim etc.
"Narrated Abu Huraira: Allah's Apostle said,
" Narrated Abu Huraira: Allah's Apostle said
That Jesus son of Mary will appear as a Prophet of God has been clearly affirmed by Prophet Muhammad as follows. The number of such ahadith is very large, only a few are quoted here. 
Ahadith containing the prophecy of the appearance of Jesus son of Mary as an Imam (Leader) from among the Muslims.:
"It is narrated on the authority of Abu Huraira that the Messenger of Allah (may peace be upon him) observed:
"An-Nawwas b. Sam'an reported that Allah's Messenger (may peace be upon him) made a mention of the Dajjal one day in the morning… Allah's Apostle, Jesus, and his companions would then come down to the earth and they would not find in the earth as much space as a single span which is not filled with their putrefaction and stench. Allah's Apostle, Jesus, and his companions would then again beseech Allah, Who would send birds whose necks would be like those of bactrian camels and they would carry them and throw them where God would will…." 
Ahmadiyya Interpretation.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community while accepting Muhammad as the 'seal of Prophets' and the last prophet to have brought a complete and comprehensive universal law for humanity, believe that prophethood subordinate to Muhammad is still open. Muhammad is believed to have brought prophethood to perfection and was the last law-bearing prophet, the apex of man's spiritual evolution. New prophets can come but they must be subordinate to Muhammad and cannot exceed him in excellence nor alter his teaching or bring any new law or religion. The Ahmadiyya community believes Mirza Ghulam Ahmad to be the promised Messiah and Mahdi, who claimed a certain kind of prophethood but never claimed to have brought a new divine law or change the law of Muhammad, but to have been Divinely appointed to revive and universally establish the law/religion of Muhammad. The Ahmadiyya community draws upon various opinions of Islamic scholars throughout the history of Islam to show the possibility of non-law bearing prophethood within Islam.
Distinction between "messenger" and "prophet".
Most Islamic commentators agree that "messenger" ("rasūl") refers to those who bring a divine revelation which 
includes a new doctrinal system, while a "prophet" ("nabī") is one who explains ethical teachings on the basis of an existing religion. 
Every messenger is a prophet, but not every prophet is a messenger.
Academic views.
According to Alford T. Welch, Muslim interpretation of "Khatam an-Nabiyyin" as the "last and greatest of the prophets" is most likely based on a later interpretation.
Carl W. Ernst considers this phrase to mean that Muhammad's "imprint on history is as final as a wax seal on a letter". According to Arabic lexicon and the linguistic usage, "khatam" means "to affix seal; to close, to come to an end; and to carry something to its ultimate end". Wilferd Madelung states that the meaning of this term is not certain.
Views of other religions.
Bahá'í view.
The Bahá'í Faith regards Muhammad as the seal of the prophets, but does not interpret this term as meaning that no further messengers from God are possible. In particular, Bahá'ís regard the end-times prophecies of Islam (and other faiths) as being symbolic, and see the Báb and Bahá'u'lláh as symbolically fulfilling these prophetic expectations. The latter of these is the founder of the Bahá'í religion, which considers Islamic law to have been superseded by its own. Muhammad is seen as ending the "Adamic cycle", also known as the "Prophetic cycle", which is stated to have begun approximately 6,000 years ago, and the Báb and Bahá'u'lláh as starting the "Bahá'í cycle", or "Cycle of Fulfillment", which will last at least five hundred thousand years with numerous Manifestations of God appearing throughout that time. Bahá'u'lláh gave the Title "King of the Messengers" ("sultán al-rusul") to the Báb, and the "Sender of the Messengers" ("mursil al-rusul") to himself. In the Kitáb-i-Íqán, he uses the Islamic concept of the oneness of the prophets to show that the term "seal of the prophets" does not apply to Muhammad only, but to all the prophets. He also makes a direct link between Qur'an 33:40, about the seal of the prophets, and 33:44, about the promise of the "attainment of the divine Presence" on the day of resurrection, which he interprets as the meeting with the Manifestation of God. The day of resurrection is interpreted as the day of the advent of the Qa'im or Mahdi. These interpretive and legal differences have caused the Bahá'ís to be seen as heretics and apostates by many Muslims.
Controversies.
The concept of the finality of prophethood of Muhammad has caused controversy in recent times. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, hold Mirza Ghulam Ahmad to be a prophet subordinate to Muhammad. Ahmed claimed to be the "Promised Messiah" and Mahdi in 1889 and founded a movement in Qadian, India. His claims resulted in a violent reaction among many Muslims of the Indian subcontinent.
Salafi and Sunni scholars vehemently opposed him and in subsequent years a movement opposed to Ahmadiyya beliefs was founded. This movement, at times violent, is still very active in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and other countries where Ahmadiyya adherents are present.

</doc>
<doc id="9645082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645082" title="Yousef El Nasri">
Yousef El Nasri

Yousef El Nasri Serhani (; born 28 July 1979 in Larache, Morocco) is a Spanish long-distance runner.
He finished fifth in the 3000 metres at the 1999 IAAF World Indoor Championships
and eleventh in the short race at the 2003 World Cross Country Championships.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9645095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645095" title="Dreaming Lhasa">
Dreaming Lhasa

Dreaming Lhasa () is the 2005 Tibetan language debut feature film of veteran documentary filmmakers, Ritu Sarin and Tenzing Sonam, who have been making films about various aspects of Tibet under the banner of White Crane Films since 1990. Written by Tenzing, a first-generation Tibetan born and brought up in exile, "Dreaming Lhasa" is perhaps, the first Tibetan feature film to explore the state of exile and the issues of identity, culture and politics as they affect the Tibetan refugee community in India.
Synopsis.
Karma, a young Tibetan woman from New York City comes to Dharamsala, the exile headquarters of the Dalai Lama in India, in search of her roots. She is making a documentary film about former political prisoners who have escaped from Tibet. One of her interviewees is the recently arrived Dhondup. He reveals to her that his dying mother had made him promise to deliver an old charm box to an exile Tibetan named Loga, and appeals to her for help in locating the man.
Their enquiries reveal that Loga, a former CIA-trained resistance fighter, has been missing for the past fifteen years and is presumed to be dead. But is he really dead? As they set out to unravel the mysterious circumstances of his disappearance, Karma finds herself unwittingly attracted to Dhondup even as she is sucked into the vortex of his search, which takes them through the world of the exile Tibetan community in India and becomes a journey of self-discovery.
Release.
The film had its world premiere at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival and has screened in over 30 film festivals worldwide, including the 2005 San Sebastian International Film Festival. Its US distributors, First Run Features, opened the film in New York, at the ImaginAsian Theatre, on 13 April 2007. The film had a limited theatrical release in the US, Switzerland and Holland. The DVD was released in the US by First Run Features on 18 September 2007, and worldwide soon afterwards by White Crane Films.
Production.
In the absence of any kind of a film industry among the exile Tibetan community, the film was shot using a cast almost entirely made up of non-professionals. Only Jampa Kalsang, who plays Dhondup, had some prior acting experience. The rest of the cast was chosen through a casting call sent out on Tibet-related websites, and through an auditioning process in Dharamsala, India, where much of the film was shot. Tenzin Chokyi Gyatso, who plays Karma, normally works in a bank in suburban Washington DC, while Tenzin Jigme, the third main character in the film, is a real-life musician and a member of the popular Tibetan refugee rock band, JJI Exile Brothers. The technical crew consisted mainly of Indian professionals, while an enthusiastic bunch of Tibetans provided them with backup and support.
Other information.
Jeremy Thomas, the acclaimed British producer of "The Last Emperor" and other films directed by Bernardo Bertolucci, was the main Executive Producer of "Dreaming Lhasa". Long-time Tibet supporter, Richard Gere, was also one of the film’s Executive Producers.
Andy Spence, the music composer, is a founder-member of the British pop group, New Young Pony Club.
The film was the first Super 16 to 35mm blow-up going the Digital Intermediate route in India. The post-production was mostly done at Prasad EFX in Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="9645103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645103" title="Knuckle Heads">
Knuckle Heads

Gameplay.
The player's character fights against his or her opponent in best two-out-of-three matches in a single player tournament mode with the computer or against another human player; however, when both are knocked out simultaneously in the first round, one of them will win the second round. The player has a character roster of six fighters to choose from, each with their own weapons and special techniques. After the player knocks out five different characters, the player will fight against two characters at once instead of one. The most notable features are the jump button and multi-player that allows up to four players to play simultaneously.
Characters.
There are six playable characters and no bosses.
Virtual Console.
The game was released by Namco Bandai on the Virtual Console in Japan on August 18, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9645109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645109" title="Hungarian adópengő">
Hungarian adópengő

The adópengő (in English: "tax pengő") was a unit of currency of Hungary between 1 January 1946 when it was introduced as part of a stabilisation attempt of the pengő and 31 July 1946 when both were replaced by the forint. In the beginning the adópengő was only an accounting unit used by the government and commercial banks, later bonds and saving certificates denominated in adópengő were also issued for the public which replaced pengő notes in circulation.

</doc>
<doc id="9645117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645117" title="Monder Rizki">
Monder Rizki

Monder Rizki (born 16 August 1979 in Brussels) is a Belgian long-distance runner.
At the 2006 European Athletics Championships Rizki finished eleventh in the 5000 metres and seventeenth in the 10,000 metres.
Progression - Outdoor.
3000 Metres
5000 Metres 
10,000 Metres 
half marathon
Honours.
1500 Metres
3000 Metres
5000 Metres
10,000 Metres
Short Race

</doc>
<doc id="9645140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645140" title="Theatre West">
Theatre West

Theatre West is a theatre company in Hollywood, California, the oldest continually-operating theatre company in Los Angeles, established in 1962.
Originally conceived as a venue for working professional actors in the film and television industries to exercise their artistic skills in roles and material far different from what they were called upon to do in front of the camera, Theatre West first came together as an informal workshop led by Curt Conway. Among its early members were Joyce Van Patten, Naomi Caryl, Betty Garrett, Charles Aidman, Philip Abbott, Richard Dreyfuss, Jack Nicholson, Lee Meriwether, Martin Landau, Earl Holliman, Harry Dean Stanton, Sally Field, Beau Bridges, Carroll O'Connor, Harold Gould, and Marvin Kaplan. (More recent members include Chazz Palminteri, Ray Bradbury, Jim Beaver, John Cygan, Sherwood Schwartz, Pat Harrington, Cecily Adams, Bridget Hanley, Anne Haney, John Gallogly, Leslie Caveny, Eugene Pack, Mary Garripoli, Kelly Stables, and William Blinn.)
One of the company's earliest and most successful productions went on to become a Broadway hit and a treasured perennial of the American theatre. "Spoon River Anthology", Charles Aidman's masterful dramatization of poetry of Edgar Lee Masters, was developed in the Theatre West workshop, was transferred to television, and since 1963 has been performed in thousands of productions around the world.
More recently, Chazz Palminteri's "A Bronx Play" was developed in the Theatre West workshop, produced by the company, moved to Off-Broadway and then became a feature film, "A Bronx Tale", directed by and starring Robert De Niro. John Gallogly adapted and directed two poems by Poet Laureate James Dickey, author of 'Deliverance', that starred Bridget Hanley. "May Day Sermon" was nominated as Best of the Fest by BBC Scotland at the Edinburgh Festival. "Bronwen, the Traw, and the Shape-Shifter" premiered after Mr. Dickey's death. Both plays were selected by the California Arts Council for inclusion in the Touring Artists Directory and played throughout California as well as in Atlanta, South Carolina and other states. "Love of a Pig" by Leslie Caveny traveled to Dublin and is produced around the United States. Gene Pack's "" has recently been made into a television series with Pack and Dale Rehfeld.
A vital part of the company is Storybook Theatre, an acclaimed program of original musical plays for children. Begun in 1984, by Lloyd J. Schwartz and Barbara Mallory Schwartz Storybook Theatre has been honored with commendations from the United States Senate and House of Representatives in addition to scores of local theatre and civic awards and commendations. Storybook Theatre Live will soon be available in DVD and video. Storybook Theatre presents interactive, non-threatening musicals with a message.
The company is a democratic membership company, run by an artistic board of directors elected by the membership. In addition to producing plays, the theatre presents workshops for actors, writers, musical comedy performers, and students of William Shakespeare, and a special two-year free training class for young professionals, the associate membership. Membership is primarily by audition (for actors) and script submission (for writers). Current artistic moderators for the workshops are Mark W. Travis and Drew Katzman (actors), Doug Haverty and Christine DiGiovanni (writers), Betty Garrett (musical comedy), and Matt Ritchey and Rebecca Lane (Shakespeare). The executive director is John Gallogly. The current Artistic Board of Directors is composed of established Los Angeles based actors/writers/directors that includes Adam Conger, David P. Johnson, Sandra Tucker, Jill Jones, Maria Kress, Jeanine Anderson and Neil Elliot.
Theatre West recently produced "Mornings at Seven" with Betty Garrett, Marvin Kaplan, and Malachi Throne, May 18—July 1, 2007. Other recent productions include the lauded rendition of Patrick Hamilton's "Gas Light" and an original adaptation, "Acting - The First Six Lessons" starring Beau Bridges and Emily Bridges.
http://www.theatrewest.org. One of their recent Storybook Theatre shows was an original version of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" which starred Lee Meriwether as the Queen. The current Storybook Theatre show, an original version of Jack and the Beanstalk, will run through March, 2011.
Many Theatre West members star and are involved in the production of member Mary Garripoli's comedic webseries, "The Reel Housewives of Theatre West," which chronicles the plight of actresses in their fight to stay relevant and keep working in an age-and-talent-phobic Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="9645145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645145" title="Rachid Chékhémani">
Rachid Chékhémani

Rachid Chékhémani (born 1 October 1973 in Barentin, Seine-Maritime) is a French long-distance runner.
He finished sixteenth in the 5000 metres at the 2002 European Athletics Championships. He competed at the World Cross Country Championships in 2002, 2003 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9645167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645167" title="Tereza Yohannes">
Tereza Yohannes

Tereza Yohannes (born 1982 in Shoa) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships she finished ninth in the long race, while the Ethiopian team, of which Yohannes was a part, won the gold medal in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9645168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645168" title="James Connally Air Force Base">
James Connally Air Force Base

James Connally Air Force Base was an United States Air Force base located north of Waco, Texas. After its closure in 1968, the airport reopened as TSTC Waco Airport.
History.
World War II.
The airport opened May 5, 1942 as Waco Army Air Field and was the headquarters of the Army Air Force Central Instructors' School during World War II. It was deactivated after the war in 1945 but was reactivated in 1948 as a pilot training base under the Air Training Command. 
Air Training Command.
Waco Field was renamed for Colonel James T. Connally who had been killed in Japan in 1945. The airport was initially called Connally Air Force Base but the name evolved to also include his first name.
In 1951, pilot training was discontinued and replaced with academic and flight training for navigators, radar operators, and bombardiers, with particular emphasis for those officers slated for eventual assignment to Strategic Air Command's B-36 Peacemaker and its ever-increasing fleet of B-47 Stratojets.
Pilot training returned in 1953 and an advanced jet pilot training organization with T-33 Shooting Stars was established in addition to navigator training in TB-25 Mitchells. 
In January 1958, the base became the headquarters of Twelfth Air Force (12 AF).
In 1965, the Air Force began sharing the base with the State of Texas, the latter having established the James Connally Technical Institute (JCTI) of Texas A&M University. which would eventually become the main campus and headquarters of Texas State Technical Institute (TSTI).
Tactical Air Command.
In 1966, Convair / General Dynamics also established a modification center at the base to modify B-58 Hustler bombers.
Base Closure.
In 1968, as part of a nation-wide reduction in air force bases and naval air stations to stay within congressional funding limits while continuing to prosecute the war in Vietnam, James Connally AFB was closed. All navigator training consolidated at Mather Air Force Base, California and 12th Air Force relocated to Bergstrom Air Force Base in Austin, Texas. At this point, the facility was conveyed to the State of Texas by the General Services Administration (GSA). The airport and the base facilities was use as a technical school while General Dynamics remained as a tenant performing modification work on various military aircraft. The General Dynamics facility later ceased operation.
From January 2001 through January 2009, the former airfield of James Connally AFB was used by Air Force One when US President George W. Bush visited his Prairie Chapel Ranch, also known as the Western White House, in Crawford, Texas.
Civilian Operations.
In 1984, ElectroSpace Systems Inc. (ESI) constructed a new hangar at the airport for aircraft modification that opened in 1985. In 1987, Chrysler bought ESI and the facility was later named Chrysler Technologies Airborne Systems or CTAS. Chrysler subsequently sold the operation to Raytheon in 1996 which renamed the facility Raytheon Aircraft Integration Systems. In 2002, Raytheon sold the facility to L-3 Communications and it is currently known as L-3 Communications Integrated Systems / Waco Integration and Modification Center.
In 1991, TSTI was renamed Texas State Technical College (TSTC).

</doc>
<doc id="9645179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645179" title="Magdaline Chemjor">
Magdaline Chemjor

Magdaline Jepkorir Chemjor (born 12 November 1978) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships Chemjor finished fifth in the long race, while the Kenyan team, of which Chemjor was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition. She participated in the World Half Marathon Championships in 2001 and 2003. She also won the 2003 Berlin Half Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="9645184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645184" title="Tetrasodium tris(bathophenanthroline disulfonate)ruthenium(II)">
Tetrasodium tris(bathophenanthroline disulfonate)ruthenium(II)

Tetrasodium tris(bathophenanthroline disulfonate)ruthenium(II) (Na4Ru(bps)3) is a coordination compound containing a ruthenium center. In this form, it is the salt of a sulfonic acid. This compound is an extension of the well known phenanthroline series of coordination compounds. Ruthenium(II) tris(bathophenanthroline disulfonate), referring to the anionic fragment, is used as a protein dye in biochemistry for differentiating and detecting different proteins in laboratory settings.
In recent years, 2-D electrophoresis has been widely accepted as a standard procedure to separate complex protein mixtures in proteome studies (Proteomics). Protein visualisation by Ruthenium(II) tris(bathophenthroline disulfonate) has become a firmly established and widely used method in proteomic analysis and a crucial step in protein expression profiling. 
For protein detection, it is advantageous to use fluorescent labels containing chromophores which have longer excitation wavelength and emission wavelength than the aromatic amino acids. The dyes used for this important step should combine attributes like good signal to background ratio (contrast), broad linear dynamic range, broad application range, photochemical stability and compatibility to protein identification techniques, e.g. mass spectrometry (MS) or Western blotting.
Originally, the ruthenium transition metal complex, ruthenium(II) tris(4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline disulfonate) also termed as ruthenium(II) tris(bathophentroline disulfonate) (RuBPS) was synthesized by Bannwarth as a precursor molecule for a dye that was used as a non-radioactive label for oligo nucleotides. Later, Rabilloud et al. used RuBPS as a fluorescent label for protein detection in polyacrylamide gels. The fact that RuBPS is not only easy to synthesize but also easy to handle, induced further developments in this field. 
Lamanda et al. improved the RuBPS staining protocol by selectively destaining the polyacrylamide matrix while the protein content remained tinctured. This new technique entailed a variety of advantages like strong signals, ameliorated signal to background ratio, better linearity and advanced baseline resolution.
External links.
More information about ruthenium(II) tris(bathophenanthroline disulfonate) staining can be found on [http://www.ruthenium.ag.vu/index.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9645189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645189" title="TSTC Waco Airport">
TSTC Waco Airport

TSTC Waco Airport is a public use airport located eight nautical miles (9 mi, 15 km) northeast of the central business district of Waco, a city in McLennan County, Texas, United States. The airport is owned by Texas State Technical College. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Before 1968, it was known as James Connally Air Force Base. It is currently used as an industrial airpark operated by Texas State Technical College System as well as its Waco campus. 
George W. Bush during his Presidency flew in and out of the airport on Air Force One during visits to his home at the Prairie Chapel Ranch.
History.
Military Use.
The airport opened May 5, 1942 as Waco Army Air Field and was the headquarters Army Air Force Central Instructors' School during World War II. It was deactivated after the war in 1945 but was reactivated in 1948 as a pilot training base under the Air Training Command. It was named for Colonel James T. Connally who had been killed in Japan in 1945. The airport was initially called Connally Air Force Base but the name evolved to also include his first name.
In 1957, the base became the headquarters of Twelfth Air Force (12 AF) and concurrently concentrated on providing navigator flight training under the cognizance of the Air Training Command. 
In 1968, as part of a nation-wide reduction in air force bases and naval air stations to stay within congressional funding limits while continuing to prosecute the war in Vietnam, James Connally AFB was closed. All navigator training consolidated at Mather Air Force Base, California and 12th Air Force relocated to Bergstrom Air Force Base in Austin, Texas. At this point, the facility was conveyed to the State of Texas by the General Services Administration (GSA).
Civilian Use.
The airport and the base facilities were used as a technical school while General Dynamics remained as a tenant performing modification work on various military aircraft. The General Dynamics facility was later sold and renamed Chrysler Technologies Airborne Systems. Chrysler subsequently sold the operation to Raytheon which renamed the facility Raytheon Aircraft Integration Systems. In 2002, Raytheon sold the facility to L-3 Communications and it is currently known as L-3 Communications Integrated Systems / Waco Integration and Modification Center.
In 1991, TSTI was renamed Texas State Technical College (TSTC).
Facilities and aircraft.
TSTC Waco Airport covers an area of 2,200 acres (890 ha) at an elevation of 470 feet (143 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 17L/35R is 8,600 by 150 feet (2,621 x 46 m) with an asphalt surface; 17R/35L is 6,291 by 75 feet (1,917 x 23 m) with a concrete surface.
For the 12-month period ending August 21, 2010, the airport had 71,800 aircraft operations, an average of 196 per day: 76% general aviation and 24% military. At that time there were 11 aircraft based at this airport: 91% single-engine and 9% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="9645191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645191" title="Elizabeth Rumokol">
Elizabeth Rumokol

Elizabeth Rumokol (born 26 June 1983) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships she finished sixth in the long race, while the Kenyan team, of which Rumokol was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition. She was the 2005 winner at the Oeiras International Cross Country.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9645198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645198" title="Scouting and Guiding in Jamaica">
Scouting and Guiding in Jamaica

The Scout and Guide movement in Jamaica is served by
History.
Scouting came to Jamaica in 1910, the first troop being started by the Anglican clergyman Rev. Joseph William Graham in St Ann. Scouting spread quickly and in 1912 the first scout troop in St Catherine was established in Spanish Town. Lord Robert Baden-Powell met his wife Olave Soames on his way to Jamaica in 1912. It was there that he proposed marriage to her at the Myrtle Bank Hotel.
It was at the home of the first Spanish Town Scoutmaster, Mr Fitz Herbert Messias, that the first group of girls met. On March 11, 1915, his daughter invited over friends to discuss beginning a Girl Scout Troop. Clare Messias wrote a letter, dated March 16, on behalf of the group asking Miss Daisy Jeffrey-Smith to be their troop leader. Miss Daisy agreed and regular meetings began. Miss Marguerite Aitken was her assistant. The group met at "Durham House", home of the Jeffrey-Smiths. These Girl Scouts were renamed Girl Guides when they received their warrant from Miss Agnes Baden-Powell.
This Spanish Town Scout troop was also responsible for the establishment of Cub Scouts in 1916. Brownie Guides began in 1917 and Ranger Guides in 1919.
A scission of the Girl Guides Association led to the formation of the Girl Scouts of Jamaica in August 2008. The groups established were Peenie Wallies, Doctorbirds, Juniors and Seniors.
Timeline.
1902: Ernest Thompson Seton formed the Woodcraft Indians in Connecticut, USA
1906: Seton met Lord Robert Baden-Powell and introduced him to Woodcraft Scouting
1907, August 1–9: Baden-Powell had his first experimental Scout Camp
1907: Pathfinders started in the USA
1908: January - February, “Scouting for Boys” first published
1908: Scout Association (Boy Scouts) started in Britain
1909: May 24, British Boy Scouts (BBS) and British Girl Scouts (BGS) started
1910: Girl Guides Association (GGA) started in Britain
1910: Boy Scouts started in Jamaica (SAJ)
1911: November 11, Order of World Scouts (OWS) formed
1915: March 11, Girl Guides started in Jamaica (GGA)
1920: World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM) formed
1928: World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) formed
1963: The Scout Association of Jamaica (SAJ) admitted to the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM)
1966: The Girl Guides Association of Jamaica (GGA) admitted to the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS)
2007: Centenary Celebration of Boy Scouting (SA)
2008: August 5, Girl Scouts started in Jamaica (GSJ)
2008: Girl Scouts of Jamaica (GSJ) admitted to the Order of World Scouts (OWS)
2009: Centenary Celebration of British Boy Scouting and British Girl Scouting (BBS & BGS)
2010: Centenary Celebration of Girl Guiding (GGA, now GGUK)
2011: Centenary Celebration of the Order of World Scouts (OWS)

</doc>
<doc id="9645202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645202" title="Krupabai Satthianadhan">
Krupabai Satthianadhan

Krupabai Satthianadhan (1862–1894) was one of the first Indian women to write in English, and certainly the first woman novelist in English from India.
Krupabai was born to Haripunt and Radhabai Khisty, Hindu converts to Christianity, in Ahmednagar, then in the Bombay Presidency. Her father died when she was still a child, and she was brought up by her mother and elder brother, Bhasker. Bhasker, who was much older, had a strong influence on her and endeavoured to awaken her intellect by lending her books and discussing many issues with her. However he too died young, and Krupabai immortalised him in her semi-autobiographical novel "Saguna: A Story of Native Christian Life". Her mother, though formally a Christian, still followed many Hindu practices.
Training in Medicine.
Krupabai was deeply wounded by Bhasker's death, and two European missionary ladies took charge of her and her education. This was her first encounter with the British at close quarters, and as "Saguna" shows it was a mixed experience. Later on she went to boarding school in the city of Bombay. She met an American woman doctor there who got her interested in medicine. Krupabai had absorbed her father's missionary ideals early in life and decided that by becoming a doctor she could help other women, especially those in purdah. By this time her health was already showing signs of deterioration, so although she won a scholarship to go to England and study medicine, she was not allowed to go. However, the Madras Medical College agreed to admit her in 1878, and she became a boarder at the house of the Reverend W.T. Satthianadhan, an extremely well known Christian missionary. Her academic performance was brilliant from the start, but due to strain and overwork she had her first breakdown in health a year later, and had to return to her sister in Pune to convalesce in 1879.
Teaching Career.
A year later she was back at Madras, where she met and developed a friendship with Samuel Satthianadhan, the Reverend's son. In 1881 Samuel and Krupabai married. Soon after Samuel got a job as Headmaster of Breeks Memorial School in Ootacamund. In Ootacamund Krupabai was able to start a school for Muslim girls with help from the Church Missionary Society, and she also taught in a number of other girls schools as well. Ootacamund was a hill station renowned for its salubrious climate and Krupabai's health stayed fair. She was able to find the time and energy to write, and published articles under the byline 'An Indian Lady' in leading periodicals. Three years later the couple moved to Rajamundry, and Krupabai became ill again, so they relocated to Kumbakonam. In spite of the changeableness of her health this was a very productive period for her, and by the time they returned permanently to Madras in 1886 she was ready to begin a fullscale novel. "Saguna" was serialised between 1887 and 1888 in the prestigious "Madras Christian College Magazine". However, during this time her only child died before reaching its first birthday and she was plunged into depression for which she required treatment. Her tuberculosis was diagnosed in Bombay but was certified beyond cure. Knowing that she had little time to live, she began work on "Kamala". She worked continuously on the book till her death, breaking off only to write a memoir of her father-in-law and an unfinished one of her mother-in-law.
Her death came as a great blow to her admirers and just a few months afterwards a scholarship for women was set up in her memory at the Madras Medical College, and a memorial medal at the University of Madras for the best female Matriculation candidate in English. Her novels were published as books and translated into Tamil.

</doc>
<doc id="9645212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645212" title="Caroline Kilel">
Caroline Kilel

Caroline Cheptanui Kilel (born 21 March 1981) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes road running competitions, including the marathon. She was the winner at the 2011 Boston Marathon and the Frankfurt Marathon n 2010 and 2013. 
Kilel has also won marathons in Ljubljana, Taipei, Nairobi and Palermo. Her personal best for the distance is 2:22:34 hours (set in Frankfurt in 2013). She also competes in half marathons and has a personal best of 1:08:16 hours over that distance.
Career.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships she finished eighth in the long race, while the Kenyan team, of which Kilel was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition. After having runner-up finishes at the 2003 Venice Marathon and 2004 Prague Marathon, she won her first race over the classic distance at the Palermo City Marathon, knocking over five minutes off the former course record with her time of 2:31:15 hours. She finished sixteenth at the 2005 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships and won the Nairobi Marathon that year. In other competitions, she won the Semi-Marathon Marvejols-Mende and came seventh at the Hamburg Marathon.
She began to focus exclusively on road events from 2006 onwards. She had top three finishes at the Dublin Marathon and Prague Marathon that year and set a half marathon personal best of 1:10:45 hours to win the Great Scottish Run. Her 2007 season was a low point, as she was out of the top five at both the RAK Half Marathon and the Seoul International Marathon at the start of the year and did not compete after March. She returned to action in December 2008 and was in good form; she set a personal best to win the Pune Half Marathon then ran her second fastest ever time for the marathon (2:30:44) to claim the title at the Taipei International Marathon.
In 2009 she was third at the BIG 25 Berlin race and attended the 2009 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships in Birmingham, England. She just missed out on the podium, finishing fourth, although she had managed to set a personal best of 1:08:16 as well as help Kenya to the team gold. She then went on to set a new personal best with a win at the Ljubljana Marathon a few weeks later, improving her previous mark by almost five minutes and setting a new course record in the process. She also won the Great Scottish Run in Glasgow for a second time and topped the podium at the Montferland Run 15K race.
The following year, Kilel took part in the 2010 Seoul International Marathon and clocked 2:26:58 for third place. That October she had her biggest win on the circuit, taking the women's title at the Frankfurt Marathon in a new course record and personal best of 2:23:25 hours, defeating Dire Tune by 19 seconds. She competed in numerous other events that year, including wins at the 20 kilomètres de Maroilles, Zwolle Half Marathon and Scottish Run.
In April 2011, Kilel won the Boston Marathon in 2:22:36 beating American Desiree Davila, who ran the fastest Boston Marathon for an American women, by two seconds. She stayed on in Boston to compete at the inaugural B.A.A. 10K, which she also won in a time of 31:58 minutes. In September she came third in a Kenyan sweep of the Portugal Half Marathon, behind Mary Keitany and Helena Kirop.
In her first race of 2012, she was runner-up to Belaynesh Oljira in a sprint finish at the Houston Half Marathon. She suffered in the hot conditions at the 2012 Boston Marathon and not only failed to defend her title, but did not finish the race. She won the Taipei Marathon for a second time that December, running the distance in 2:30:19 hours. Returning to the Houston Half Marathon, she was again runner-up to an Ethiopian, this time to Mamitu Daska.
Kilel faded badly at the 2013 Tokyo Marathon, coming 21st in 2:47:08 hours. She focused on the 10,000 metres after that, but did not gain selection for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics. She returned to the top of the podium at the Frankfurt Marathon with a new personal best of 2:22:34 hours (a two-second improvement).

</doc>
<doc id="9645218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645218" title="Scouting and Guiding in Nicaragua">
Scouting and Guiding in Nicaragua

The Scout and Guide movement in Nicaragua is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645236" title="Joan Jepkorir Aiyabei">
Joan Jepkorir Aiyabei

Joan Jepkorir Aiyabei (born 17 May 1979 in Uasin Gishu) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
She finished sixteenth at the 2002 World Cross Country Championships, but this was not enough to give her a place on the medal-winning team. She finished the season on a high note with a win at the Cross Internacional de Venta de Baños.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships she finished twelfth in the long race, while the Kenyan team, of which Aiyabei was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9645239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645239" title="Scouting and Guiding in Panama">
Scouting and Guiding in Panama

November 8, 2008. Burn a new scout association: CUERPO DE EXPLORADORES PANAMEÑOS(Baden Powell Scouts Association-Panama)member of the W.F.I.S. -WORLD FEDERATION of INDEPENDENT SCOUTS.
The scout Brigades Start in the provinces of Panama and Chiriqui. The Movement are traditional scouting.
The Scout and Guide movement in Panama is served by
International Scouting units in Panama.
In addition, there are American Boy Scouts in Panama, originally linked to the Canal Zone Council of the Boy Scouts of America, now part of Direct Service, which supports units around the world, through at least 1987. Also, in the 1950s and 1960s were the 900 member International Boy Scouts of the Canal Zone, directly registered to the World Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="9645253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645253" title="Scouting and Guiding in Paraguay">
Scouting and Guiding in Paraguay

The Scout and Guide movement in Paraguay is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645264" title="Beatriz Santiago">
Beatriz Santiago

Beatriz Santiago (born 28 October 1968 in Neully, France) is a Spanish long-distance runner.
She finished sixth in the 3000 metres at the 2002 IAAF World Cup and eighteenth in the long race at the 2003 World Cross Country Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9645268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645268" title="Scouting and Guiding in Peru">
Scouting and Guiding in Peru

The Scout and Guide movement in Peru is served by
International Scout units in Peru.
In addition, there are American Boy Scouts in Lima, linked to the Direct Service branch of the Boy Scouts of America, which supports units around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9645275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645275" title="Fernán Mirás">
Fernán Mirás

Fernán Mirás (born July 17, 1969 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film and television actor. He is sometimes credited as Fernando Mirás.

</doc>
<doc id="9645276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645276" title="Malibu Towne">
Malibu Towne

Malibu Towne is residential complex located in Gurgaon, Haryana, India.It is home for many affluent families of Gurgaon. It is a residential complex with ample open spaces and a community center. Malibu Towne is located on the main Sohna Road (6 lane), Malibu Towne is only from Rajiv Chowk on the new NH8 expressway and is only a 15 minute drive from the New Delhi Indira Gandhi International Airport. Spread over 200 acres of land and Malibu Towne is an American-style “Gated” township.
Layout.
The outlay of the township resembles that of a similar township in California. There are 3 categories of houses in the township - The Towers housing flats, The independent villas and the personal value floors. The landscape is similar to countryside with almost all buildings following the signature style of white exteriors and a red roof giving the look of a thatched roof.
The condominium complex is spread on about 12 acres and is in fact a totally separate entity within the township having its own independent secured access, thus making it a "gated complex" within a gated township offering double security. The towers have been a landmark and are indeed an overpowering sight as seen from the Gurgaon-Sohna road, the internal sector roads and from various other points of Gurgaon. The unique elevation and facade of the towers make them stand out dramatically from all other existing and under construction projects in entire Gurgaon thus adding to it a unique identity.
There are currently 5 high rise towers already constructed which have a total of 292 condominiums. These are 2 or 3 bedroom units having built up areas that range between 1587 sq. ft. and 2940 sq. ft. The best part of these spacious condominiums is the maximum carpet area given by any builder till date, along with 100% power backup, CC camera security and excellent maintenance.
There are also 24 luxury penthouse units in these towers, located on the top most floor of each tower with built up areas ranging between 2875 sq. ft. and 4695 sq. ft. The 6th and final tower is scheduled to be launched in the next few months. This tower will boast of 56 air conditioned condominiums and 4 Penthouses with the very best specifications.
Another important aspect of the Condominium complex is that the towers have enough space separating them, ensuring enough air and sunlight to all apartments adding to the quality of life as compared to the many other residential complexes in the area which are compact, monolithic and run hand in hand with each other. Also, the Condominium complex is very close to the main entrance of the township and the Malibu Country Club.
With its rich and mature landscaping, beautifully manicured lawns and fully grown trees, the whole environment provides a healthy and cozy environment and has all the ingredients to make for a beautiful life. The grand entrance lobbies in all towers have rich marble flooring which lends beauty and grace to the building thus enriching the ambiance further.

</doc>
<doc id="9645282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645282" title="Scouting and Guiding in Saint Lucia">
Scouting and Guiding in Saint Lucia

The Scout and Guide movement in Saint Lucia is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645293" title="Scouting and Guiding in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines">
Scouting and Guiding in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

The Scout and Guide movement in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645298" title="Harlingen Air Force Base">
Harlingen Air Force Base

Harlingen Air Force Base, originally Harlingen Army Airfield, is a former United States Air Force base located in northeast Harlingen, Texas, United States. After its closure, the airport was redeveloped into Valley International Airport.
History.
World War II.
With the outbreak of World War II in Europe in September 1940, the U.S. Government saw the need to expedite military readiness. It would create a military airfield in Harlingen. The city voted a $105,000 bond issue to acquire 960 acres to be leased to the War Department for 24 years and upon which the field would be constructed. Fifteen farmhouses and buildings on the site were removed, but one building was left in place to become the field office. Gen. Gerald C. Brant, the commander of Central Flying Command who first visited Harlingen in early 1941, also ordered that two existing palm groves and orange trees be retained. On June 30, 1941 a contract was let for Morgan and Zachary, El Paso and Laredo builders, to start the military airfield construction. The mission of Harlingen Army Airfield was to train aerial gunners. The Harlingen Army Gunnery School received its first assigned cadre in August 1941. Its primary mission, with an initial student load of 600, was that of training aerial gunnery students in a five week (extended to six weeks in 1943) training program. Over 48,000 soldiers were trained until the school, one of three such types in the country, closed in 1945. It was initially assigned to the AAF Gulf Coast Training Center as a flexible gunnery school, with the 78th Service Group being designated as the first host organization at the new airfield.
By mid-September 1941 the airfield and base at Harlingen was 30 percent complete. By mid-October the work was half-finished, but the field itself was almost complete. In November the steel water tower which would loom over the base for many years was swung into place. December saw the steelwork on two hangars and control towers well under way.
The airfield consisted of two parallel 6000-foot runways aligned North/South, and two 5,200-foot diagonal runways aligned NE/SW and NW/SE. A large parking ramp and several aircraft hangars were constructed along with a support base of warehouses, dormatories, a fire station, some water towers and a number of support buildings all constructed of wood and tar paper on concrete blocks. An auxiliary airfield at Port Isabel, Texas was also constructed to support the training and flight operations at Harlingen. Training was conducted in both air-to-air & air-to-surface gunnery. The air-to-air training used a variety of aircraft, including AT-6 Texans, BT-13 Valiants, P-63 Kingcobras, B-17 Flying Fortresses and B-24 Liberators. For ground-based training, a number of facilities were available, including the moving target ranges and a number of gunnery simulators. The first class of aerial gunners graduated from the Gunnery School in January 1942.
On 8 January 1943, the War Department constituted and activated the 79th Flying Training Wing (Flexible Gunnery) at Harlingen and assigned it to the AAF Eastern Central Training Command. Gunnery practice was carried out by having the student fire at a sleeve target towed by an AT-6. Students were also taught strafing techniques. A series of shop silhouettes were installed offshore near South Padre Island, and students fired at these water targets from B-34 and AT-6 aircraft. The planes utilized for training and transportation at the Harlingen Army Air Field were the Vultee BT-13 Valiant, Bell P-39 Airacobra, Bell P-63 Kingcobra, Beech C-45H Expeditor, Lockheed A-29 Hudson, Lockheed B-34 Ventura, Martin B-26 Marauder, North American B-25 Mitchell, Douglas C-47 Skytrain, North American AT-6 Texan Trainer, and Consolidated B-24 Liberator.
In 1944, Harlingen began training B-29 Superfortress gunners. They received practically the same training as those for other aircraft, but at the end of the year a few of them began to receive training in B-24s modified by the addition of central fire control turrets to make them more like B-29s. Among the training devices used in this instruction was the manipulation trainer—12 towers arranged to resemble a formation of planes. The towers ranged in height from 10 to 40 feet, each equipped with 2 nose, 2 tail, 2 ring sighting, and 4 blister positions. As students in these positions faced simulated attacks from PT-13 and PT-17 aircraft, they "fired" camera guns at the attacking fighters.
The combat of World War II ended in August 1945. The need for gunners no longer existed. By this time an estimated 48,000 men could call the gunnery school their alma mater. The school and field were soon phased out. The 79th conducted flexible gunnery training until 1 October 1945. On 12 October Harlingen became a temporary separation center for the men stationed there. By 5 January 1946 it was made public that the base would be declared surplus. As such it would be the fourth and last of such bases in this area to be deactivated, as Moore Field, the Brownsville Army Airfield, and the Laguna Madre Sub-Base of Harlingen had already been listed for deactivation. At this time Harlingen had a total of 5,000 men split almost evenly between trainees and permanent personnel. Harlingen Army Airfield was inactivated 1 February 1946, the facility was turned over to the War Assets Administration on 5 February as surplus property.
With the airfield's closure, some of the well-constructed barracks were sold or donated. The Citrus Center of Texas A&I University acquired and moved some of them to its Weslaco campus in 1947. A one-story barracks was sold to the Hansen family in Weslaco and was transformed into their home at 801 Oklahoma Street. The Grace Lutheran Church of Harlingen took two of them and moved them to the corner of Jackson and 10th Street. One became the sanctuary and the second one the parish hall. In 1948 one two-story barracks was purchased by the Molder family who trucked it to North Business 77. Here it was transformed into the very popular Green Gables Restaurant and Lounge, famed for its steaks.
Cold War.
With the outbreak of the Korean War on 25 June 25, 1950, the city fathers of Harlingen looked to utilize the mostly mothballed Army Air Force airfield facilities. It was pointed out to the U.S. Congress that the former Harlingen Army Air Field and facility was designed to accommodate 6,500 trainees and at peak operation carried a maximum load of 9,000 trainees. In addition, 200 Federal Housing Units, all still intact and livable, had been constructed adjacent to the base’s main entrance. The statement to the Congress went on to state that the field itself was equipped with five concrete runways, each over one mile in length. All were intact and in usable condition, including runway lights, as were the control tower, landing lights, three large hangars and a machine shop building. The House Armed Services Committee, acting under the National Defense Program, appropriated $15 million for the reactivation of the Harlingen Army Air Field as a U.S. Air Force installation. Later a $12 million price tag was attached to the field’s rehabilitation. Work started in early 1952.
Harlingen was reactivated on 17 March 1952 by the United States Air Force and placed under the auspices of the Air Training Command (ATC), who renamed it Harlingen Air Force Base and placed it under the operational control of the 3610th Observer Training Wing (ATC) as part of its observer training program. Training was conducted primarily with Convair T-29 aircraft. On 1 September 1953, ATC also established a multi-engine pilot training school at Harlingen and realigned its observer training program by converting primary observer training into a primary-basic course and by providing advanced instruction in the basic course. Under the new program, every graduate of primary-basic training would be a qualified aircraft navigator. Effective 15 November 1956, HQ USAF directed the term navigator be substituted in all cases for observer or aircraft observer. That directive resulted in the re-designation of the 3610th Observer Training Wing to 3610th Navigator Training Wing.
In October 1959, ATC directed Mather AFB, California to move its primary-basic navigator training to Harlingen AFB by early 1962. This training had to be relocated so that Mather could take over Keesler AFB's electronic warfare officer (EWO) training by early 1963.
Early in 1960, the Air Force authorized ATC to discontinue pilot and navigator preflight courses at Lackland AFB, Texas. Pilot preflight training became the responsibility of the primary training bases, and navigator preflight moved to the navigator schools. New navigator preflight training programs went into effect at Harlingen on 6 April.
In March 1961, during his budget message to Congress, President John F. Kennedy announced that the Department of Defense would close 73 military installations (70 stateside), including Harlingen AFB, Texas, the only ATC base on the list. Harlingen entered its last group of students into navigator training on 9 August. From that point on, James Connally AFB, Texas, provided all undergraduate navigator training.
In March 1962, the dining halls were consolidated as base staffing diminished, and the base hospital announced its change to dispensary status. The base hosted its last conference, a corrosion control meeting, in April as the gym, library, and military clothing sales store closed their doors. Undergraduate Navigator Training at Harlingen AFB ended on 6 June 1962 with the graduation of Class 62-22N. The 3610th Navigator Training Wing and subordinate units were discontinued on 1 July. At the same time, Air Training Command placed Harlingen AFB on inactive status.
Current uses.
It took several years before permanent uses were found for the Harlingen Air Force Base facilities. First to make major use of the base’s support facilities was the Marine Military Academy (MMA), a nonprofit educational institution incorporated in April 1963. Its first classes commenced September 1965. It offers a college preparatory course, grades eight through 12, with elements traditional to the U.S. Marine Corps. Enrollment has grown to over 400. While initially occupying the vacant barracks and other base support buildings, the school over the years has upgraded and modernized nearly all the old structures and erected numerous new ones. It is the site of the original plaster working model of the renowned Iwo Jima Memorial portraying Marines and a Navy corpsman raising the American flag over Mt. Suribachi. Nearby is the Iwo Jima Memorial Museum.
In 1968 the Confederate Air Force, now called the Commemorative Air Force, moved from the Mid-Valley Airport near Mercedes, Texas to the northwest side of the field and called this area "Rebel Field". There it maintained its headquarters, museum and World War II aircraft collection in three large buildings and several small ones. It conducted well-attended annual air shows for many years at the field. In 1991 the CAF relocated to the former World War II airfield at Midland International Airport, near Midland, Texas.
Before commercial aviation came to the site, the field was given the name Harlingen Industrial Airport. In late 1970, the field became the Rio Grande Valley International Airport and later was renamed the Valley International Airport. The city’s airport, Harvey Richards Field at what is now Palm Valley, was subsequently closed. The Valley International Airport has long handled more passenger traffic than any other Valley airport. It new passenger terminal sits between former military hangars 41 and 38.
Part of the southwest portion of the Harlingen Air Force Base was used by the city to establish the Rio Grande Valley Regional Museum.
The Valley International Airport is the field’s major user and has the area’s highest passenger boarding total. One of the numerous major current occupants of the field is United Launch Alliance, formerly part of Lockheed Martin, fabricating among other things sections of the Atlas V rocket. FedEx Freight and United Parcel Service utilize the airport as a gateway to the Valley.
Today, the airport has been almost completely redeveloped, with only a few Air Force hangars remaining on the large, World-War II-era parking ramp. The World War II street network of the former training base is also evident in aerial photographs, with modern, newer buildings having been constructed along them.
On March 6, 2005, a Texas Historical Commission Events Marker was dedicated in the front of the Harlingen Arts and Heritage Museum, once the site of the base swimming pool and also its stockade. The marker commemorates both the Harlingen Army Air Field and the Harlingen Air Force Base.

</doc>
<doc id="9645315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645315" title="Scouting and Guiding in Suriname">
Scouting and Guiding in Suriname

The Scout and Guide movement in Suriname is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645316" title="Group 4 (racing)">
Group 4 (racing)

The Group 4 racing class referred to regulations for cars in sportscar racing, GT racing and rallying, as regulated by the FIA. The Group 4 class was replaced by Group B for the 1983 season.
Production requirements.
Prior to 1966, the FIA’s Group 4 classification applied to Sports Cars which were in compliance with FIA Appendix C regulations. It also included recognised Series Touring Cars, Improved Touring Cars and Grand Touring Cars which had been modified beyond the respective Group 1, Group 2 or Group 3 regulations under which they had been homologated. In 1966, an overhaul of FIA categories saw Group 4 Sports Cars redefined such that they were now subject to a minimum production requirement of 50 units in 12 consecutive months and had to be fitted with all equipment necessary for use on public roads. A 5000cc engine capacity limit was applied for 1968 and the minimum production requirement was reduced to 25 units for the 1969 season.
For 1969, Appendix J of the FIA International Sporting Code defined groups for Touring cars, Grand Touring cars and Sports cars as follows: (numbers between brackets are required minimum production in 12 consecutive months).
For 1970, the limited production sports car category was renamed from Group 4 to Group 5 and, in the same year, Group 4 became the class for special grand touring cars with minimum production of 500 in 12 consecutive months 
For 1971, the relevant FIA classifications were as follows:
In 1976, the Group 4 production requirement was reduced to 400 in 24 months.
Sports car Racing.
In 1966 and 1967 the Group 4 Sports Cars played a supporting role to the Group 6 prototypes. While prototypes like the 7.0L Ford GT40 Mk II & Mk IV raced for outright victories, the 4.7L GT40 Mk I entries were competing for Group 4 class wins. Indeed competitors in the two categories were competing for two different championships, the Group 6 cars for the International Championship for Sports-Prototypes and the Group 4 cars for the International Championship for Sports Cars.
In 1968, the rules were changed, so that prototypes were limited to 3.0L, but Sports cars of up to 5.0L could be still be entered. It was also announced that the minimum production figure for the Group 4 sports cars would be reduced to 25 cars for 1969. With larger engines than the prototypes, the Group 4 cars were now in contention for outright race wins. The Ford GT40 was the winner at Le Mans in both 1968 and 1969. Porsche began work on a production run of 25 cars for the Porsche 917. Ferrari, with some financial help from Fiat, produced the similar Ferrari 512.
For the 1970 season, the Group 4 Sports car category was renamed and became Group 5 Sports Cars and Group 4 designation was applied to a new Special Grand Touring category. The new Group 4 was contested by production based cars such as the Ferrari 365 GTB/4 Daytona, Porsche 911 Carrera RS and the De Tomaso Pantera.
The Group 4 GT category was replaced by a new Group B GT class for 1983.
Rallying.
The Group 4 regulations were also used as the basis for the World Rally Championships until they were replaced by the Group B regulations. In mid 1970s to early 1980s rallying, it was necessary to produce 400 identical cars for homolgation as a Group 4 rally car. Notable cars included the Ford Escort RS1800, Fiat 131 Abarth, Lancia Stratos HF and the Audi Quattro.

</doc>
<doc id="9645322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645322" title="Beanfest">
Beanfest

Beanfest is the longest consecutive running gathering of rock climbers. The semiannual event has been going since the early 1970s. Beanfest draws climbers primarily from southern Arizona, USA, but also sees many participants from across the United States and the world. It is held twice a year, in Spring and Fall, typically in the Cochise Stronghold.
The famous Phoenix Bouldering Contest, which during its 20 odd year run drew thousands of climbers to the Oak Flats campground in Queen Creek, AZ, was inspired by the Beanfest.
Beanfest remains a non-commercial event and draws a much smaller crowd of around 20-50 climbers twice a year. In the last few years, Beanfest attendance has been upwards of 65 people.
Each Beanfest has a Beanmaster, or designated organizer. The Beanmaster for the next Beanfest is nominated by the Beanmaster of the previous Beanfest.
Beanfest consists of a bean-burrito potluck on Saturday evening, followed by games and contests in which climbing-related prizes are given away. On Sunday morning, many climbers gather to prepare and share a communal breakfast, before heading off to climb.

</doc>
<doc id="9645326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645326" title="Bhogapuram">
Bhogapuram

Bhogapuram () is a town and Mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India. Bhogapuram is rich in agricultural resources along the banks of Champavati river and its canals.
Geography.
Bhogapuram is located at . It has an average altitude of 20 meters (68 ft).
Bhogapuram is located on the National Highway 5 (Chennai to Kolkata) and 45 km from Visakhapatnam.
Demography.
Bhogapuram Mandal has a population of 52,558 in 2001. Males constitutes 26,444 and Females 26,114 of the population. The average literacy rate is 43.1%, below the national average of 59.5%. Male literacy rate is 52% and Female literacy rate is 34%.
Legislative Assembly.
Bhogapuram assembly constituency has 1,25,856 voters in 1999 elections.
Bhogapuram legislative assembly segment has been merged into Nellimarla legislative assembly segment in 2009. 
List of Members of Legislative Assembly:
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 22 revenue villages and 22 panchayats in Bhogapuram mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9645329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645329" title="Asha Gigi">
Asha Gigi

Asha Gigi Roba (born 15 October 1973 in Arsi) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in the marathon. Her personal best of 2:26:05 hours was set in 2004 at the Paris Marathon, where she came second. She represented Ethiopia in the event at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the World Championships in Athletics (2003 and 2005). She has won the Toronto Waterfront Marathon and the Florence Marathon.
In her early career in the 1990s she won team medals with Ethiopia at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships and the World Road Relay Championships.
Career.
Born in Arsi in Ethiopia's Oromia Region, she started her career as a cross country runner. In 1994 she won a silver medal as part of the Ethiopian women's team at the IAAF World Road Relay Championships. She also won a team silver medal at the 1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, through a 19th place finish in the long race. She was selected for the national team at the 1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, but came 43rd overall on that occasion. In 1998 she helped the Ethiopian women to the gold medals at the World Relay Championships, came 36th at the 1998 World Cross Country, and was 19th at the 1998 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships.
After coming 32nd and 28th at the 1999 and 2000 World Cross Country events, she began to compete more in road and track competitions. She won the Phoenix 10K race in 1999. At the 2002 African Championships in Athletics she was fourth in the 10,000 metres race and placed 17th at the 2002 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. The following year she had her best finish at the World Cross Country event, taking tenth place in the women's long race as the fifth Ethiopian woman to finish is a near medal sweep.
Asha Gigi made her debut over the marathon distance in 2003 at the San Diego Marathon, where her time of 2:31:39 hours earned her a place for the national team. At the 2003 World Championships in Athletics in Paris she came 19th and was part of the Ethiopian silver medal-winning team in the IAAF World Marathon Cup competition. The year after she was a lowly tenth at the Osaka Ladies Marathon but then made a breakthrough at the Paris Marathon, setting a personal best time of 2:26:02 hours to finish runner-up to Salina Kosgei. She had her first Olympic selection, but did not manage to finish the marathon at the 2004 Athens Olympics. She also ran at the 2004 New York City Marathon, but managed only 13th place.
She ran in Paris for a third year running in 2005 and came third in her second fastest time (2:27:41 hours). Her third consecutive national selection saw her give her career best finish on the global stage, as she came 16th in the marathon at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki. She had a poor run at the Singapore Marathon in December (2:46:14 hours) but returned to form in Paris in 2006 with a run of 2:32:35 hours for seventh place. She was fourth at that year's Berlin Marathon (2:32:32) and was a late leader at the Tokyo Ladies Marathon, but failed to finish the race.
She recorded her third career sub-2:30 marathon in Paris in 2007 and her time of 2:29:11 hours brought her fourth place. Her first ever victory over the distance came at the Toronto Waterfront Marathon where, in spite of a fast early pace, she went on to break the course record with her time 2:33:15 hours. The 2008 season was one of her most successful: she ran her third fastest ever time (2:28:24) at the Dubai Marathon, taking sixth place, was third at the Hamburg Marathon in another sub-2:30 clocking, then was runner-up in her attempted defence at the Toronto Waterfront Marathon. She also won the Prague Half Marathon
Her sole outing of 2009 was in Dubai, where she came 11th overall. After a break from running in 2010, she came sixth at the Xiamen International Marathon. Asha Gigi won the second marathon of her career at the 2011 Florence Marathon, beating all opposition in a time of 2:31:36 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="9645337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645337" title="Scouting and Guiding in Trinidad and Tobago">
Scouting and Guiding in Trinidad and Tobago

The Scout and Guide movement in Trinidad and Tobago is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645339" title="Alphubel">
Alphubel

The Alphubel (4,206 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located between the valleys of Zermatt and Saas in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Mischabel range, which culminates at the Dom (4,545 m). The summit of the Alphubel consists of a large ice-covered plateau, part of the Fee Glacier on its east side. The west side of the mountain is more rocky and much steeper. It overlooks the Weingartensee.
The nearest settlements are Täsch (north of Zermatt) and Saas-Fee.
The first ascent of the mountain was by Leslie Stephen and T. W. Hinchliff with guides Melchior Anderegg and Peter Perren on 9 August 1860, starting at Täsch and via the south-east ridge and the Alphubeljoch.

</doc>
<doc id="9645349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645349" title="Monuments and Historic Sites of Zambia">
Monuments and Historic Sites of Zambia

This page gives lists of the National Monuments and other historic sites of Zambia, with a one- or two-line description providing links to details given on other pages.
National Heritage Conservation Commission.
The Institution mandated by Cap 173 of the Laws of Zambia to manage and Conserve Zambia's outstanding Cultural and Natural Heritage resources is the National Heritage Conservation Commission (NHCC) which has its headquarters in . According to ICOMOS (see references), the NHCC’s profile report, it lists over 3000 heritage sites in Zambia, including:
However, only about 15% of the country’s land area has been adequately surveyed for cultural heritage and, due to a shortage of funds, the condition of most of the listed sites is not known.
Under the National Heritage Conservation Commission Act of 1989, Section 27, heritage sites can be declared as 'National Monuments' by the Minister, and they then become protected and regulated by the details of the Act. They are listed below, grouped under various headings for ease of reference (these are not headings used in the Act).
List of Other Historic Sites.
These are not declared national monuments but are probably on the larger NHCC list of historic sites. It is an informal and incomplete list of sites — please add (with references if possible) even if you are unsure of their NHCC status.

</doc>
<doc id="9645367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645367" title="Scouting and Guiding in Uruguay">
Scouting and Guiding in Uruguay

The Scout and Guide movement in Uruguay is served by
International Scouting units in Uruguay.
In addition, there are American Boy Scouts in Montevideo, linked to the Direct Service branch of the Boy Scouts of America, which supports units around the world, as well as Girl Scouts of the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="9645373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645373" title="Wanda Jean Allen">
Wanda Jean Allen

Wanda Jean Allen (August 17, 1959 – January 11, 2001) was sentenced to death in 1989 for the murder of Gloria Jean Leathers, 29. Allen was the first black woman to be executed in the United States since 1954. She was the sixth woman to be executed since executions resumed in 1977. Her final appeals and the last three months of her life were chronicled by filmmaker Liz Garbus in the documentary "The Execution of Wanda Jean" (2002).
Background.
Wanda Jean Allen was born in 1959, the second of eight children. Her mother was an alcoholic; her father left home after the last child was born and the family lived in public housing and scraped by on public assistance.
At the age of 12, Allen was hit by a truck and knocked unconscious, and at 14 or 15 she was stabbed in the left temple. It was found that Allen's actual abilities were markedly impaired, and that her IQ was 69. Found particularly significant was that the left hemisphere of her brain was dysfunctional, impairing her comprehension, her ability to logically express herself, and her ability to analyze cause and effect relationships. It was also concluded that Allen was more chronically vulnerable than others to becoming disorganized by everyday stresses, and thus more vulnerable to a loss of control under stress.
By age 17, she had dropped out of high school.
Dedra Pettus.
In 1981, Allen was sharing an apartment with Dedra Pettus. On June 29, 1981, they got into an argument, and Allen shot and killed Dedra. In her 1981 confession, Allen stated that she accidentally shot Pettus from roughly 30 feet away while returning fire from Pettus's boyfriend. However, the forensic evidence was inconsistent with Allen's story; in particular, a police expert believed that bruises and powder burns on Pettus's body indicated that Allen had pistol-whipped her, then shot her at point-blank range. Nevertheless, prosecutors cut a deal with Allen, and she received a four-year sentence in exchange for a guilty plea to a manslaughter charge. She served two years of the sentence. 
Dedra Pettus was buried at Trice Hill Cemetery Oklahoma City, OK.
Gloria Jean Leathers.
Seven years after the death of Dedra Pettus, Allen was living with her girlfriend Gloria Jean Leathers. The two met in prison and had a turbulent and violent relationship. On December 2, 1988, Gloria Jean Leathers, 29, was shot in front of The Village Police Department in Oklahoma City. Fifteen minutes before the shooting, the two women were involved in a dispute at a grocery store. A city officer escorted the two women to their house and stood by while Leathers collected her belongings. Leathers and her mother were on their way to file a complaint against Allen. When Leathers exited the car, Allen fired one shot, wounding Leathers in the abdomen. Leathers' mother witnessed the shooting. Two police officers and a dispatcher heard the shot fired, but no police department employee witnessed the shooting. The police recovered a .38-caliber handgun they believe was used in the shooting near the women's home. Gloria died from the injury on December 5, 1988. 
Gloria Leathers was buried at Green Acres Memorial Gardens Cemetery, Sperry, Tulsa County, Oklahoma.
Trial.
The state charged Allen with first-degree murder and announced that it would seek the death penalty. Evidence that Leathers had a history of violent conduct, and that she had stabbed a woman to death in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1979, was central to the self-defense argument at Allen's trial. Allen testified that she feared Leathers because she had boasted to her about the killing. The defense sought to corroborate this claim with testimony from Leathers' mother, whom Leathers had told about the stabbing. However, the prosecution objected, and the court prohibited the introduction of such testimony because it was considered hearsay. The prosecutor depicted Allen as a remorseless liar. The jury found her guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced her to death.
During the punishment phase the prosecutors argued that Allen should be sentenced to death because she had been previously convicted of a felony involving the use or threat of violence; that she was a continuing threat to society; and she committed the murder to avoid arrest or prosecution. The jury found that the first two aggravating circumstances existed in Allen's case. Allen's defense presented numerous mitigating circumstances including good relationship with her family, good work habit, and her fear of the victim. 
In the sentencing phase the prosecution presented testimony on the circumstances of the death of Detra Pettus, and compared this previous crime to the death of Gloria Leathers.
In a 1991 affidavit, the defense lawyer stated that after the trial he learned that when Allen was 15 years old, her IQ was measured at 69, placing her "just within the upper limit of the classification of mental retardation" according to the psychologist who analyzed her and that an examining doctor had recommended a neurological assessment because she manifested symptoms of brain damage. The lawyer stated, "I did not search for any medical or psychological records or seek expert assistance for use at the trial."
A psychologist conducted a comprehensive evaluation of Allen in 1995 and found clear and convincing evidence of cognitive and sensory-motor deficits and brain dysfunction possibly linked to an adolescent head injury.
Execution.
Allen spent 12 years on death row. Her application for clemency was denied.
While in prison, she became a born-again Christian. The Reverend Robin Meyers, who served as a spiritual adviser to Allen, is quoted as saying, "I always suspected that Wanda's renunciation of lesbianism had more to do with helping to revamp herself in the most palatable way for her clemency and appeal processes. She knew perfectly well that her being a lesbian was a big strike against her and that it's an embarrassment in the black community. She was going to play the best hand that she could play at the very end."
Allen, then 41, was executed by lethal injection by the State of Oklahoma on Thursday, January 11, 2001 at Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester. Twenty-four relatives of murder victim Gloria Leathers and manslaughter victim Detra Pettus traveled to McAlester for the execution. Many of them watched the execution from behind a tinted window. While lying on the execution gurney, Allen said, "Father, forgive them. They know not what they do." She also stuck her tongue out and smiled at her appeal lawyer, Steve Presson, who had become her friend. He says she was "dancing on the mattress, while they tried to kill her." She was pronounced dead at 9:21 p.m. 
Wanda Allen was buried at Trice Hill Cemetery in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="9645374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645374" title="Jane Wanjiku">
Jane Wanjiku

Jane Wanjiku Gakunyi (born 14 June 1979) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships she finished third in the short race, while the Kenyan team, of which Wanjiku was a part, won the team competition. She finished ninth at the 2004 World Cross Country Championships, but this was not enough to win a medal with the team.
She is not to be confused with Jane Wanjiku Ngotho, a Kenyan runner and world junior champion from 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="9645389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645389" title="Pull-tab">
Pull-tab

The game manager operates the game by selling tickets and distributing cash prizes. The tickets may also be provided by mechanical pull-tab dispensers. The pull-tab tickets are multi-layered paper tickets containing symbols hidden behind perforated tabs. Several different games may be offered for sale at any one time; each may have different prices and payouts. Pull-tabs are typically sold for 25¢, 50¢, $1, $2 and $5 and have prizes as high as $5,000.
Each ticket has two sides. One side lists the winning combinations of symbols, the cash payout for each combination, the number of tickets that contain each winning combination, and the total number of tickets in the game. This information is also posted in a large printed sheet called a flare.
The other side of the ticket contains the perforated tabs. After purchasing the ticket, the player pulls the perforated tabs to reveal their winnings, if any. Cash prizes may be claimed immediately.
In some states, no pull-tab game may offer a single prize higher than a certain amount and/or may not cost more than a certain amount. For instance, in Pennsylvania, pull tabs cannot cost more than $1 per play, and no single prize can be more than $500.
Pull tab games are quite unique among wagering games in that each game, when new, has a predetermined quantity of tickets/chances, often less than 5,000 total, among which are a predetermined and fixed quantity of winning chances each of which rewards a predetermined prize value. 
In 2010, approximately 20 states authorized and or licensed the use of pull tabs. The largest volume state in terms of dollar value sold is and has been for better than 15 years, Minnesota. In Minnesota as well as some other states, pull tabs are offered nightly from vending booths often called jar bars. All of the tickets in a game (called a "deal") are poured into a transparent container that has attached to it a "flare" or poster that displays all of the winning symbol combinations, the quantity of winning tickets at each reward level, the name of the game, etc. Also attached to the container is a tally sheet that shows a potential player exactly how many of the "major winners" (major winner is one equal to or above 50x the value of the price paid for the chance) remain in that particular game at a given time. 
A potential player can see through the transparent box roughly how many chances remain and they can view on the associated tally sheet how many major winners remain at any given time. When several major winners remain among a few chances, players buy as many as they can at a time. When no major winners remain among unsold tickets, the organization takes the game out of play or retires that deal and replaces it with a brand new deal. No other finite-probability based game provides more information to players about the status of the game.
The key attributes that make something a pull tab, electronic or paper, is the finite probability basis of having a predetermined quantity of chances among which there are a predetermined quantity of winners that pay a fixed and predetermined value of prize. Redemption of one losing chance actually does mean one chance closer to a winner. This is not so much the case with slots that operate on near-continuum probability premises. With a slot, each event is a separate activity without bearing on the next outcome and without having been influenced from past events, very different from pull tabs. Finite vs. continuum probability foundations make them different no matter which symbols are used or how those symbols are displayed: rotating, flash sequencing, revolving, etc.
Electronic pull tabs.
An electronic pull tab is derived from paper pull tabs. The first electronic pull tab patented appears to have been filed in November 1990, US5042809. The electronic game closely resembled pull tabs in that when new, there are a fixed and preset quantity of chances among which are a fixed quantity of winning chances of a predetermined prize value. Furthermore it brings the unique features of allowing players to view +/- 5% the quantity of chances remaining in each deal, the quantity of major winners remaining, and the payout percentage, among other pull tab features common to pull tab operations in Minnesota and North Dakota.
There have been several renditions of electronic pull tabs since 1990. The latest rendition was that authorized in Minnesota in the 2012 legislative session. This version of an electronic pull tab uses a hand-held device, similar to a tablet computer, with a touch screen interface. Each device must contain one or more finite sets of chances not to exceed 7,500 per set or "deal" as they are called in pull tab lingo. Among the chances are a predetermined quantity of winning and losing chances. Furthermore, the legislature stated that pull tab devices have "no spinning reels or other representations that mimic a video slot machine." The Minnesota statute states an electronic pull-tab game means a pull-tab game containing "(a) facsimiles of pull-tab tickets that are played on an electronic pull-tab device." 
The devices are linked wirelessly to a master computer within the bar or restaurant or to a central computer which controls many sites. In Minnesota control computers are linked to the Minnesota Gambling Control Board, which oversees all of the devices.
References.
Muncie Novelty

</doc>
<doc id="9645408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645408" title="Iris Fuentes-Pila">
Iris Fuentes-Pila

Iris María Fuentes-Pila Ortiz (born 10 August 1980 in Santander) is a Spanish middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.
She finished eleventh at the 2002 European Championships. She also competed at the 2004 Olympics, reaching the semi final.
She was named for the Spanish 2007 European Indoor Championships team together with two sisters, Margarita and Zulema.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9645415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645415" title="Scouts de Uruguay">
Scouts de Uruguay

The Scouts de Uruguay (SDU, "Scouts of Uruguay") is one of Uruguay's Scouting organizations. It seceded from the Movimiento Scout del Uruguay in 2000 and serves about 900 members.
The Scout emblem of the Scouts de Uruguay incorporates elements of the coat of arms of Uruguay as well as the flag of Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="9645437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645437" title="Little T&amp;A">
Little T&amp;A

"Little T&A" is the fourth song on rock and roll band The Rolling Stones' 1981 album "Tattoo You". The song is sung by guitarist Keith Richards.
Credited to usual Stones scribes Mick Jagger and Richards, "Little T&A" was largely a Richards composition. He originally began writing the song in the early months of 1979 with the intention of having the song featured on 1980's "Emotional Rescue". Left off that album it re-emerged for "Tattoo You" two years later. The band began reworking the track in mid-1981.
The song is a straight forward rocker, although Richards claims to have been influenced by rockabilly in his guitar performance. The song opens with a trademark riff from Richards, who performs bass and electric guitars along with Ronnie Wood. Ian Stewart performs piano for the song and Jagger provides backing vocals along with Richards and Wood. Charlie Watts performs drums.
The lyrics of "Little T&A" were described by Richards at the time as being about, "...every good time I've had with somebody I'd met for a night or two and never seen again. And also about the shit that sometimes goes down when you just sort of bump into people unknowingly, and not knowing the scene you're walking in on, you know? You pick up a chick and end up spending the night in the tank, you know?" The lyrics see Richards bemoan that lifestyle:
The song has a distinctive ending featuring a breakdown of song's riff and beat. While the title of the song is never sung, a frequently repeated chorus: "She's my little rock & roll/My tits and ass with soul, baby" is featured throughout.
Performed throughout American Tour 1981, Richards reinstated it to the band's setlist during the 2006 leg of the Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, when it was played frequently. A live performance captured for the documentary "Shine a Light" was included on the soundtrack of the same name. As evident on many bootleg recordings, the song was played frequently on Richards' 1988 and 1992 tours with the "X-Pensive Winos" in support of "Talk Is Cheap" and "Main Offender" records. The song played on the soundtrack of the 2012 movie "Argo" which won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2013. The inclusion of the track was in error in that the movie was set in 1979-1980 which predates the recording of this track.

</doc>
<doc id="9645440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645440" title="María Cristina Petite">
María Cristina Petite

María Cristina Petite (born 10 May 1972 in Barakaldo) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 3000 and 5000 metres.
She finished seventh in the 3000 m at the 1999 World Indoor Championships and tenth at the 2002 European Indoor Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9645463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645463" title="The Fight Song (Marilyn Manson song)">
The Fight Song (Marilyn Manson song)

"The Fight Song" is a song by American rock band Marilyn Manson, released in 2001. It is the second single from their fourth full-length studio album, "Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death)".
It was released in two standalone physical formats. The first, titled "The Fight Song Pt.1", was released on January 29, 2001 in the US and on February 19, 2001 in the UK. "The Fight Song Pt.1" was also released as a 12" picture disc vinyl LP on February 19, 2001 in the UK. Both feature a remix by Joey Jordison of the nu metal band Slipknot. The second, titled "The Fight Song Pt.2", was released on February 2, 2001 in the US and on March 6, 2001 in the UK.
The title is a pun on high school and college football team anthems known as "Fight Songs" as the song is partly a post-Columbine statement disparaging mainstream America's own glorification of violence among its youth; football is simultaneously one of the most violent sports and one of America's greatest obsessions.
Music video.
The music video for this song, directed by W.I.Z. at an abandoned Los Angeles football field, depicts the band members performing the song at a violent game of high school football between two fictional teams, "Holy Wood" (composed of jocks in white football attire) and "Death Valley" (composed of goths and social outcasts in black football attire). The video also features a few subliminal messages; at approximately 2:12, the video briefly replaces the scuffling football players with people fighting with police riot squads. Before the end of the video it begins to rain.
Controversy.
The music video generated minor controversy for its violent depiction of a football game between jocks and goths, which some sources have interpreted to be directly "echoing" "Columbine". Manson, for his part, has vehemently denied this, stating, "I'm trying to show that sports as well as music can be seen as violent, so I chose a traditional black vs white, good vs evil theme for the video." He further dismissed the claims to MTV News at the "American Music Awards" on January 8, 2001, stating, "People will put into it what they want if it helps them sell newspapers or helps them write a headline. They're gonna want to turn it into something it isn't. Flak is my job."
More controversy was caused through the lyrics to the chorus: "I'm not a slave to a god that doesn't exist/I'm not a slave to a world that doesn't give a shit".
Track listing.
UK CD 1
UK CD 2
Japan Special Edition - Rare Tracks CD
Accolades.
In 2002, "Kerrang!" ranked "The Fight Song" 77th in their "100 Greatest Singles of All Time".

</doc>
<doc id="9645473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645473" title="Anastasiya Zubova">
Anastasiya Zubova

Anastasiya Zubova (born 6 August 1979) is a retired Russian long-distance runner.
She finished 30th at the 2003 World Cross Country Championships in the short race, while the Russian team, of which Zubova was a part, won the bronze medal in the team competition. She had finished fourteenth at the 2001 World Cross Country Championships, but that was not enough to win a team medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9645476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645476" title="Saihat">
Saihat

Saihat City () is a city located on the east coast of Saudi Arabia, With a population of 100,000 in 2005.
History.
The oldest documents concerning Saihat, which are more than 400 years old, say that Saihat was under the division of Dhahran. During the Ottoman Empire, the cities under Dhahran included Saihat, Bankat, Asseeh, and Aljabba. People in that region built the city of Sawhat on the remains of the old city Avan. This name was mentioned in Al-Musadi's book (التبية والإشراف). The city was renamed Saihat in more modern times.
In English the name of Saihat has various spellings. In the past, it was written as 'Seahat,' but recently the spelling has been changed by some to 'Sayhat.'
Nature.
Saihat is located directly on the Persian Gulf. Fishing and agriculture are two important industries. Fertile soil and fresh springs provide a home for palm groves. The oil companies are close to Saihat, many people work there or in activities related to the oil industry.
Geography.
Saihat is close to Qatif prefecture, which forms the southern end of the city. Dammam borders Saihat from the south while all of Saihat's eastern border lies on the Persian Gulf. The estimated size of Saihat is 5.61 square kilometers. Its population is about 75,000.
Transport.
Airport.
Air transport is provided by King Fahd International Airport, the terminal is just over driving distance of 30 km (20 miles) from the city.
Highway.
Saihat is directly located on the Dhahran-Jubail Highway and has its own exit, Abu Hadriyah Highway is also close.

</doc>
<doc id="9645490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645490" title="Paula Méndez Carreras">
Paula Méndez Carreras

Paula Mendez Carreras is a popular Argentine chef who was born in Buenos Aires in 1972.
Early life.
Her passion with the art of cooking started from an early age in Corrientes where she used to spend her summer holidays and the carnival. These festivities, in which music, parades and flavours were combined all together, gave her the opportunity to learn the secrets of the Lebanese cuisine which is very popular in that region. Learning the Arab cuisine awakened her interest in other types of cuisine which at that time were not usual in Buenos Aires, and introduced her to the world of herbs, spices and vegetables in a whole new way, which was going to have a long lasting influence in her career.
Career.
By the time Paula was eighteen she already knew she wanted to be a professional chef.
She studied in the Cordon Bleu in Paris where in 1994 she obtained a Diploma in 
Cuisine and Pastry. Five years later, in 1999, the Cordon Bleu gave her a grant to finish her studies in London, where she did the Grand Diplôme Le Cordon Bleu in Cuisine et Pâtisserie.
She worked as executive chef of 'Splendid' and 'Le Biblo', two French restaurants in the trendy area of Palermo, where she helped to promote the gourmet boom experienced in Argentina in the early nineties, positioning herself as the 'Green Chef'
due to its healthy and natural cuisine which uses a large amount of fresh vegetables,
herbs and spices.
In Latin America she is well known due to three TV programmes she made for a regional 
network: 'Fusion', 'Hierbas y Vegetales' (Herbs and Vegetables), and 
'La Huerta' (The Orchard).
Paula is a firm supporter of natural and healthy food and is recognized as one of the main promoters of 'green food' in Latin America.
Sources.
[http://buenosairesherald.com/argentina/note.jsp?idContent=311557]
[http://www.carrefour.com.ar/adjuntos/05_espacio_gourmet.pdf]
[http://www.clarin.com/diario/2005/09/09/conexiones/t-1049583.htm]
[http://www.infobrand.com.ar/novedades.php?idx=7556&idxedicion=138]
[http://www.vivisophia.com/nuevo/cocina/index032003.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9645495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645495" title="Isle of Wight Festival 2007">
Isle of Wight Festival 2007

The Isle of Wight Festival 2007 was the sixth revived Isle of Wight Festival on the Seaclose Park site in Newport on the Isle of Wight. It took place between 8 June – 10 June 2007. Tickets went on sale at 9am on Thursday 22 February and were sold out by Monday 26 February. It was the first festival since 2003 with no official sponsor.
The festival capacity was around 60,000. Local artist, Helen Davenport, created a illuminated wicker and tissue paper statue to commemorate the performance of Jimi Hendrix at the 1970 festival. The campsite was located next to the site on an extensive farmland site. The Seaclose Park site was within ten minutes' walking distance of the town of Newport.
The 2007 Festival sold out in a record time of less than five days. The festival was The Rolling Stones' first British festival performance for over thirty years since their performance at the 1976 Knebworth fair. The festival once again featured the popular Carling warm beer amnesty, in which people could trade warm beer for cold cans of Carling.
The Red Arrows performed a full-smoke aerial display during the festival weekend.
The festival won the ""Best Major Festival"" award at the 2007 UK Festival Awards in London in November 2007. This beat off stiff competition from Glastonbury Festival, T in the Park and Reading and Leeds Festivals. This success was followed by promoter, John Giddings, winning the ""Outstanding Contribution to UK Festivals"" award. In reaction to this, Glastonbury organiser, Michael Eavis, offered to present Giddings with the award personally.
Line Up.
Main stage.
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Strongbow Rooms.
Strongbow Rooms is a tent and live music venue which tours many of the festivals in the United Kingdom. It made an appearance at the Isle Of Wight Festival with acts such as Annie Mac, Krafty Kuts and Shitdisco.
The Hipshaker Lounge.
The popular Hipshaker Dance Lounge was open on the Thursday 7 June to entertain early camping ticket holders. It featured acts such as The Bees and two tribute bands of The Who and The Beatles respectively.
Bacardi B Live.
The Bacardi B-Live opened to campers on Thursday 7 June providing music and refreshments. It featured acts such as DJ Norman Jay.
Features.
The Strawberry Fields area contained amongst others, the following attractions and features –
Other attractions included –
Controversy.
Pre festival controversy.
There was some debate amongst the Isle of Wight Council members about whether to grant the Festival a licence, due to the numerous complaints and objections from local residents, mainly those living in Fairlee Road. Ultimately the Council approved the Festival to a maximum of 60,000 attendees. The Festival's future also came under considerable jeopardy as the Isle of Wight Council tried to enforce the Isle of Wight Act 1970, resulting in a £500,000 penalty on the organisers, Solo. The penalty was reduced however, and John Giddings stated that if the Island residents and councillors continued to create such problems for Solo, then the future of the Festival on the Island would be in doubt. John Giddings initially refused to issue Fairlee Road residents with complimentary weekend tickets, as he had done in previous years; perhaps due to the afore-mentioned objections. However, in May he granted free tickets to the residents, many of whom had already bought tickets, thus ending a controversial debate.
There was also some debate as to whether the RMT would grant a general strike on the Island over the Festival weekend. This would have rendered the Island's bus network virtually obsolete and would have left Festival-goers with logistical problems. Thankfully, however, the strike was cancelled and Southern Vectis bus services operated as normal.
Organisers Solo, were accused of being ticket touts by the Island residents as the organisers auctioned 100 tickets to the highest bidder on eBay. Giddings replied to the statement claiming 'I have the right to do what I like, because its my festival'. He also suggested that if people were against this policy then they should simply not buy tickets in this way. The notion of the organisers being touts represents a simplified accusation by those who made the claim..
Post festival controversy.
Many of the site security team have been both accused of being heavy-handed and ineffective, to the point where one festival attendee was physically assaulted by security resulting in a broken leg. There are claims of ejection from site without due reason by some festival goers. Others claim that security were not present during incidences where they would have been able to assist, particularly in campsite disturbances and theft.

</doc>
<doc id="9645521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645521" title="Olga Romanova (athlete)">
Olga Romanova (athlete)

Olga Romanova (; born 23 May 1980) is a Russian long-distance runner.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships she finished fourteenth in the short race, while the Russian team, of which Romanova was a part, won the bronze medal in the team competition. She had finished fourteenth at the 2002 World Cross Country Championships, and later finished sixth at the 2004 World Cross Country Championships, both times without winning a team medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9645562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645562" title="Tilak Raj">
Tilak Raj

Tilak Raj (born 15 January 1960 in Delhi) is a former Indian cricketer who played for Baroda and Delhi. He was a left-hand batsman who is best known for being the unfortunate victim of Ravi Shastri's six sixes in an over in 1985. It was only the second instance of this in first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="9645567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645567" title="Viktoriya Klimina">
Viktoriya Klimina

Viktoriya Klimina (; born 1 March 1976) is a Russian long-distance runner.
She finished sixteenth at the 2001 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships and 22nd in the marathon at the 2003 World Championships.
At the 2003 World Cross Country Championships she finished 34th in the short race, while the Russian team of which Klimina was a part won the bronze medal in the team competition.
She later improved to seventeenth place in the long course at the 2005 World Cross Country Championships, but that was not enough to win a team medal.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9645569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645569" title="John Slim, 2nd Viscount Slim">
John Slim, 2nd Viscount Slim

Colonel John Douglas Slim, 2nd Viscount Slim OBE, DL, FRGS (born 20 July 1927) is a British peer and soldier. He is one of the 92 hereditary peers in the House of Lords, elected to remain after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999. In 1970, he succeeded to his father's title. He sits as a crossbencher.
The son of the 1st Viscount Slim, he was educated at Prince of Wales Royal Indian Military College in Dehra Dun in India. In 1944, Slim joined the British Indian Army 6th Gurkha Rifles and was transferred to the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders in 1948. He entered the Special Air Service in 1952. From 1961, he was instructor at the Staff College, Camberley, and from 1964 at the Joint Services Staff College. In 1972, he retired from the armed forces at the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel with a later honorary promotion to Colonel. He was appointed OBE the following year.
Slim was chairman of Peek plc from 1976 to 1991, deputy chairman from 1991 to 1996, and eventually consultant from 1996 to 2003. He was further director of Trailfinders travel company and Trustee of the Royal Commonwealth Ex-Services League (RCEL). Since 1971, he is president of Burma Star Association and since 2000 president of SAS Association. He is also Patron of Prospect Burma, a London based charity that offers higher education scholarships to Burmese students as well as the Graham Layton Trust, a British charity which helps to raise money for eyecare in Pakistan. Having been chairman in the past, he is now vice-president of the Britain–Australia Society. From 1977 to 1996, he was vice-chairman of the Arab-British Chamber of Commerce. In 1983, Slim was made a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. Between 1995 and 1996, he was also Master of the Worshipful Company of Clothworkers. He serves as an honorary chairman of The OSS Society.
Since 1958, he has been married to Elisabeth Spinney. They have two sons, including his heir apparent Mark William Rawdon Slim, and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9645583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645583" title="Immortals (Byzantine Empire)">
Immortals (Byzantine Empire)

The Immortals (, "Athanatoi") were one of the elite "tagmata" military units of the Byzantine Empire, first raised during the late 10th century. The name derives from "a-" ("without") + "thanatos" ("death").
History.
The "Athanatoi" were a body of young men of noble status that was originally raised by John I Tzimiskes (r. 969-976) in 970 for his war with the Rus', where they played a decisive role in the battles before Preslav and during the Siege of Dorostolon. The unit was commanded by a "domestikos", as with most of the other "tagmata", and on campaign camped near the imperial bodyguard, the "Hetaireia". The contemporary historian Leo the Deacon describes the "Athanatoi" as heavily armoured shock cavalry, "sheathed in armour" or as "armed horsemen adorned with gold". Tzimiskes' unit was probably disbanded shortly after his death, since it does not appear again in the sources. 
The name of the "Athanatoi" was revived under the Emperor Michael VII (r. 1071–1078), when his minister Nikephoritzes reorganised the army. This reorganisation was part of an effort to address a major military crisis for the Empire following the disastrous defeat suffered by the Byzantines against the Seljuk Turks at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. The Seljuks had subsequently overrun most of Asia Minor, which had provided the main recruiting ground for the pre-Manzikert army. As part of the reorganisation process, the remnants of the provincial troops of the Eastern "themata" (military provinces) were brought together as the Immortals, providing a new Tagmatic regiment. The new Immortals may have been cavalry, like the bulk of the old Byzantine field army, but this is not certain. 
Contemporary documents seem to place the "Athanatoi" among other foreign contingents, but modern scholars usually consider the unit to have been composed of native Byzantines.
The Byzantine historian Nikephoros Bryennios the Younger records that the Immortals numbered 10,000, but this is most likely an allusion to the old Persian Immortal Guard. The new unit fought under the future emperor Alexios I Komnenos in the Battle of Kalavrye (1078) against the rebel general Nikephoros Bryennios the Elder, and are mentioned in the wars against the Pechenegs in the 1090s, but disappear thereafter, alongside with another contemporary creation, the "Archontopouloi".
Literary references.
In Walter Scott's novel "Count Robert of Paris" the Immortals appear as rivals to the Viking or Anglo-Saxon Varangian Guard for Imperial favour.

</doc>
<doc id="9645719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645719" title="Robustification">
Robustification

Robustification is a form of optimisation whereby a system is made less sensitive to the effects of random variability, or noise, that is present in that system’s input variables and parameters. The process is typically associated with engineering systems, but the process can also be applied to a political policy, a business strategy or any other system that is subject to the effects of random variability.
Clarification on definition.
Robustification as it is defined here is sometimes referred to as parameter design or robust parameter design (RPD) and is often associated with Taguchi methods. Within that context, robustification can include the process of finding the inputs that contribute most to the random variability in the output and controlling them, or tolerance design. At times the terms design for quality or Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) might also be used as synonyms.
Principles.
Robustification works by taking advantage of two different principles.
Non-linearities.
Consider the graph below of a relationship between an input variable "x" and the output "Y", for which it is desired that a value of 7 is taken, of a system of interest. It can be seen that there are two possible values that "x" can take, 5 and 30. If the tolerance for "x" is independent of the nominal value, then it can also be seen that when "x" is set equal to 30, the expected variation of "Y" is less than if "x" were set equal to 5. The reason is that the gradient at "x" = 30 is less than at "x" = 5, and the random variability in "x" is suppressed as it flows to "Y".
This basic principle underlies all robustification, but in practice there are typically a number of inputs and it is the suitable point with the lowest gradient on a multi-dimensional surface that must be found.
Non-constant variability.
Consider a case where an output "Z" is a function of two inputs "x" and "y" that are multiplied by each other. 
"Z" = "x y"
For any target value of "Z" there is an infinite number of combinations for the nominal values of "x" and "y" that will be suitable. However, if the standard deviation of "x" was proportional to the nominal value and the standard deviation of "y" was constant, then "x" would be reduced (to limit the random variability that will flow from the right hand side of the equation to the left hand side) and "y" would be increased (with no expected increase random variability because the standard deviation is constant) to bring the value of "Z" to the target value. By doing this, "Z" would have the desired nominal value and it would be expected that its standard deviation would be at a minimum: robustified. 
By taking advantage of the two principles covered above, one is able to optimise a system so that the nominal value of a systems output is kept at its desired level while also minimising the likelihood of any deviation from that nominal value. This is despite the presence of random variability within the input variables.
Methods.
There are three distinct methods of robustification, but a practitioner might use a mix that provides the best in results, resources and time.
Experimental.
The experimental approach is probably the most widely known. It involves the identification of those variables that can be adjusted and those variables that are treated as noises. An experiment is then designed to investigate how changes to the nominal value of the adjustable variables can limit the transfer of noise from the noise variables to the output. This approach is attributed to Taguchi and is often associated with Taguchi methods. While many have found the approach to provide impressive results, the techniques have also been criticised for being statistically erroneous and inefficient. Also, the time and effort required can be significant.
Another experimental method that was used for robustification is the Operating Window. It was developed in the United States before the wave of quality methods from Japan came to the West, but still remains unknown to many. In this approach, the noise of the inputs is continually increased as the system is modified to reduce sensitivity to that noise. This increases robustness, but also provides a clearer measure of the variability that is flowing through the system. After optimisation, the random variability of the inputs is controlled and reduced, and the system exhibits improved quality.
Analytical.
The analytical approach relies initially on the development of an analytical model of the system of interest. The expected variability of the output is then found by using a method like the propagation of error or functions of random variables. These typically produce an algebraic expression that can be analysed for optimisation and robustification. This approach is only as accurate as the model developed and it can be very difficult if not impossible for complex systems. 
The analytical approach might also be used in conjunction with some kind of surrogate model that is based on the results of experiments or numerical simulations of the system.
Numerical.
In the numerical approach a model is run a number of times as part of a Monte Carlo simulation or a numerical propagation of errors to predict the variability of the outputs. Numerical optimisation methods such as hill climbing or evolutionary algorithms are then used to find the optimum nominal values for the inputs. This approach typically requires less human time and effort than the other two, but it can be very demanding on computational resources during simulation and optimization.

</doc>
<doc id="9645723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645723" title="Muscles of respiration">
Muscles of respiration

The various muscles of respiration aid in both inspiration and expiration, which require changes in the pressure within the thoracic cavity. The respiratory muscles work to achieve this by changing the dimensions of the thoracic cavity.
The important muscles are the diaphragm, the external intercostal and the interchondral part of the internal intercostal muscles. Both the external intercostal muscles and the intercondral elevate the ribs, thus increasing the width of the thoracic cavity, while the diaphragm contracts to increase the vertical dimensions of the thoracic cavity, and also aids in the elevation of the lower ribs.
Accessory muscles are typically only used when the body needs to process energy quickly (e.g. during strenuous exercise, during the stress response, or during an asthma attack). The accessory muscles of inspiration can also become engaged in everyday breathing when a breathing pattern disorder exists.
Diaphragm.
The diaphragm is crucial for breathing and respiration. It's responsible for 45% of the air that enters the lungs during quiet breathing. During inhalation, the diaphragm contracts, thus enlarging the thoracic cavity (the external intercostal muscles also participate in this enlargement). This reduces intra-thoracic pressure: in other words, enlarging the cavity creates suction that draws air into the lungs. When the diaphragm relaxes, air is exhaled by elastic recoil of the lung and the tissues lining the thoracic cavity in conjunction with the abdominal muscles which act as an antagonist paired with the diaphragm's contraction.
It is not responsible for all the breathing related to voice. One has more voluntary control over the abdominals and intercostals than the actual diaphragm, which has relatively few proprioceptive nerve endings (citation?). Because of this, there may be little difference between "chest" breathing and "diaphragmatic" breathing. There is a more prominent vertical movement of the ribcage in "chest" breathing compared to "diaphragmatic" breathing, while the movement of the diaphragm is about the same in both types of breathing. The action of the diaphragm can be indirectly controlled by training proper posture and balance in the rest of the body. The diaphragm naturally strengthens and works in concert with surrounding structures rather than in isolation.
The diaphragm is also involved in non-respiratory functions, helping to expel vomit, feces, and urine from the body by increasing intra-abdominal pressure, and preventing acid reflux by exerting pressure on the esophagus as it passes through the esophageal hiatus.
Intercostal muscles.
Along with the diaphragm, the intercostal muscles are one of the most important groups of respiratory muscles. The external intercostals are responsible for ~25% of the air that enters the lungs during quiet breathing. These muscles are attached between each rib and are important in manipulating the width of the thoracic cage. There are three layers of intercostal muscles:
The antero-inferior fibres have the effect of lifting up the ribs during contraction. Anteriorly, the external intercostal muscles do not directly attach to the sternum, but are replaced by the anterior intercostal membrane.
The innermost intercostal muscles are also "back pocket" muscles. The internal and innermost intercostals have the opposite effect of the external intercostals and aid in forced expiration. The internal intercostal is replaced by the posterior intercostal membrane posteriorly.
Accessory muscles of inspiration.
There is some controversy as to which muscles may be considered accessory muscles of inspiration (Kendalll, McCreary, Provance, Rodgers, Romani, 2005). Part of the problem may stem from the difficulty to fully relax the neck muscles during the recording of respiration (even in supine position; especially, when a mouthpiece is used). The sternocleidomastoid (elevated sternum) and the scalene muscles (anterior, middle and posterior scalene) are typically considered accessory muscles of breathing. The involvement of these muscles seems to depend on the respiratory activity. During quiet breathing, the scalenes are consistently phasically active, while the sternocleidomastoids are quiet. With an increase in the respiratory volume, sternocleidomastoids also become active. Both muscles are simultaneously activated with when one breathes in at the maximal flow rate. Apart from these neck muscles, the following muscles have also been observed contributing to the breathing: serratus anterior, pectoralis major & minor, upper trapezius, latissimus dorsi, erector spinae (thoracic), iliocostalis lumborum, quadratus lumborum, serratus posterior superior and inferior, levatores costarum, transversus thoracis, subclavius (Kendall et al., 2005). The abdominal muscles relax.
Scalene muscle activation coincides with the diaphragm even at rest in most humans, suggesting it could be considered a primary muscle of respiration
If a breathing pattern disorder exists, as in the event of an asthma attack, the accessory muscles of inspiration may become overused.
Muscles of expiration.
During quiet breathing, there is little or no muscle contraction/relaxation involved in expiration. This process is simply driven by the elastic recoil of the lungs in healthy individuals. In certain conditions the elasticity of the lung can be lost, such as in emphysema. Forced or active expiration occurs in such individuals as well as occurring during exercise. The abdominal muscles and the internal and innermost intercostal muscles help expel air.

</doc>
<doc id="9645748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645748" title="Maenofferen Quarry">
Maenofferen Quarry

Maenofferen Quarry is a major slate quarry in the town of Blaenau Ffestiniog, north Wales and one of the major users of the Ffestiniog Railway. It continues to produce crushed slate on a limited scale under the ownership of the nearby Llechwedd quarry. 
History.
Maenofferen was first worked for slate by men from the nearby Diphwys quarry shortly after 1800. By 1848 slate was being shipped via the Ffestiniog Railway, but traffic on the railway ceased in 1850. In 1857 traffic resumed briefly and apart from a gap in 1865, a steady flow of slate was dispatched via the railway. The initial quarry on the site was known as the David Jones quarry which was the highest and most easterly of what became the extensive Maenofferen complex.
In 1861 the Maenofferen Slate Quarry Co. Ltd. was incorporated, producing around 400 tons of slate that year. The company leased a wharf at Porthmadog in 1862 and shipped 181 tons of finished slate over the Ffestiniog Railway the following year.
During the nineteenth century the quarry flourished and expanded, extending its workings underground and further downhill towards Blaenau Ffestiniog. By 1897 it employed 429 people with almost half of those working underground. The Ffestiniog Railway remained the quarry's major transport outlet for its products, but there was no direct connection from it to the Ffestiniog's terminus at Duffws. Instead slate was sent via the Rhiwbach Tramway which ran through the quarry. This incurred extra shipping costs that rival quarries did not have to bear.
In 1908 the company leased wharf space at Minffordd, installing turntables and siding to allow finished slates to be transshipped to the standard gauge railway there.
In 1920 the company solved its high shipping costs by building a new incline connecting its mill to the Votty & Bowydd Quarry and reaching agreement to ship its products via that company's incline connection to the Ffestiniog Railway at Duffws.
In 1928 Maenofferen purchased the Rhiwbach Quarry, continuing to work it and use its associated Tramway until 1953.
When the Ffestiniog Railway ceased operation in 1946, Maenofferen leased a short length of the railway's tracks between Duffws station and the interchange with the LMS railway, west of Blaenau Ffestiniog. Slate trains continued to run over this section until 1962, Maenofferen then becoming the last slate quarry to use any part of the Ffestiniog Railway's route. From 1962 slate was shipped from the quarry by road, although the internal quarry tramways including stretches of the Rhiwbach tramway continued in use until at least the 1980s.
The quarry was purchased by the nearby Llechwedd quarry in 1975 together with Bowydd, which also incorporated the old Votty workings: these are owned by the Maenofferen Company. Underground production at Maenofferen ceased during November 1999 and with it the end of large-scale underground working for slate in north Wales. Production of slate recommenced on the combined Maenofferen site, consisting of "untopping" underground workings to recover slate from the supporting pillars of the chambers. Material recovered from the quarry tips will also be recovered for crushing and subsequent use.

</doc>
<doc id="9645759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645759" title="Nancy Wambui">
Nancy Wambui

Nancy Wambui (born 28 July 1986) is a Kenyan long-distance runner.
At the 2002 World Cross Country Championships she finished thirteenth in the short race, while the Kenyan team of which Wambui was a part won the team competition. She then finished fourteenth at the 2006 World Cross Country Championships, but that was not enough to win a medal with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="9645761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645761" title="Jemmy Dean">
Jemmy Dean

James "Jemmy" Dean (born 4 January 1816 in Duncton, Sussex; died 25 December 1881 in Duncton) was an English first-class cricketer with professional status. Mainly associated with Sussex, he is recorded in 305 matches from 1835 to 1861 which are designated first-class by "CricketArchive", totalling 5,115 runs at an average of 10.54 with a highest score of 99, holding 206 catches and taking 1,144 wickets with a best analysis of 9/34. Dean achieved 5 wickets in an innings 86 times and 10 wickets in a match 18 times. His nephews David and James, both played first-class cricket.
Career.
Dean was a right-handed batsman but was more notable as a bowler. He bowled right arm fast with a roundarm action. A good fielder, he occasionally played as a wicketkeeper. Although primarily a Sussex player, Dean played for numerous other teams but especially for the United All-England Eleven (UEE), from 1853 to 1858, of which he was the co-founder with his friend John Wisden. Formerly, from 1848 to 1852, he had represented the All-England Eleven (AEE).
In "Scores & Biographies", Arthur Haygarth describes Dean as "very stout for a cricketer" because he weighed 12 stone though his height was only 5 foot 7 inches. Dean's pace, says Haygarth, was "always straight and ripping, his balls getting up remarkably quick". He was a sawyer by trade and nicknamed "by some" as "The Ploughboy". Dean was engaged by MCC as a bowler in 1837 and remained "in situ" till he resigned at the end of the 1861 season. Haygarth, a contemporary, recounts that Dean began the UEE in 1852 "in conjunction with Wisden" and that his likeness, by John Corbett Anderson (see graphic) has been published by Frederick Lillywhite.
H. S. Altham mentions Dean's "splendid work" for Sussex, Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and the AEE before (importantly to Altham) Dean was in 1862 engaged as a coach at Winchester College. Altham then relates that Dean and Wisden founded the UEE in 1852 as a result of "profound dissatisfaction" with William Clarke's management of the AEE. Several leading players such as Jem Grundy and John Lillywhite joined them and Dean and Wisden became the joint secretaries of the UEE. In his "Phoenix History", Roy Webber says that interest in the AEE "dropped to reasonable proportions" after the initial sensation and offshoots began to appear, the first being Dean and Wisden's UEE in 1852 with "other sides to follow".

</doc>
<doc id="9645762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645762" title="New College School">
New College School

New College School is an independent preparatory school for boys in Oxford. It was founded in 1379 by William of Wykeham to provide for the education of 16 choristers for the chapel of New College, Oxford.
It is the oldest of Oxford's three choral foundations, ahead of Magdalen College School (1480) and Christ Church Cathedral School (1546).
The youngest pupils at New College School are those who begin at the age of 4 in the pre-prep department; the oldest pupils are those in Year 8 (12-13) who are prepared for Common Entrance and Scholarship examinations to senior schools. The School has a healthy tradition of sending pupils – often with an academic, music, or sport scholarship – to some of the country’s leading secondary schools. In recent years NCS pupils have been awarded places and prestigious scholarships at, among others: Magdalen College School, Abingdon School, St Edward's School, Eton College, Radley College, Rugby School, Marlborough College, the Oratory School, Winchester College, Westminster School, and Leckford Place/d’Overbroecks.
The School currently has approximately 160 pupils and 20 full-time teaching staff. Class sizes average between 10 and 15 pupils. The Year 8 Scholarship class, in which pupils experience high-level tutorial-style teaching, averages between 3 and 6 pupils. The combination of small class sizes and committed teaching staff allows for education tailored to the needs of each and every pupil. The Headmaster is Mr Robert Gullifer, a former Choral Scholar at St Catharine’s College Cambridge, and previously Deputy Headmaster of Bristol Grammar School.
Location.
New College School is located on Savile Road in central Oxford: a stone’s throw from New College on Holywell Street, and nestled among the Colleges of Wadham, Mansfield, and Harris Manchester. The postal address is New College School, 2 Savile Road, Oxford. OX1 3UA.
Choristers of the Choir of New College Oxford.
Approximately one in seven pupils at NCS is a chorister in the Choir of New College Oxford. Potential choristers are auditioned when they are in Year 2. Successful candidates (usually four or five per year) become received additional music training in year 3, then become ‘probationers’ in Year 4 during which time they and their families become familiar with the timetable and demands of life as a chorister. In Year 5, upon successful completion of the necessary musical training, probationers are usually ‘surpliced’ and become full choristers. It is expected that they remain full choristers until they leave New College School in the Summer of Year 8. Choristers have a proud tradition of earning music scholarships or exhibitions to their secondary schools.
The life of a chorister is a demanding but a fulfilling and well-supported one. Choristers sing in services in New College Chapel, usually five or six times a week, during University term. On top of their normal school work, during the week choristers also have two rehearsals a day (except on Wednesdays), plus extra rehearsals on weekends. It is one of the famous sights of Oxford to see the choristers in gowns and ‘squares’ (mortarboards) processing the short distance between New College School and New College itself. In College the choristers receive an unrivalled musical education from the Organist, Professor Edward Higginbottom, and his assistant, Steven Grahl. There are also two specially-designated ‘chorister tutors’ who, supported by the rest of the school staff, see to the choristers’ safety and personal well-being.
As part of the choir, choristers also participate in extra concerts, university events, CD recordings, broadcasts, and tours. In recent years the choir has toured to: Cyprus, Brazil, Australia, Luxembourg, Malta, the Czech Republic, Poland, Germany, France, Italy, Belgium, Switzerland, and the Netherlands. Closer to home, choristers have sung at: the Royal Festival Hall, the Queen Elizabeth Hall, the Sheldonian Theatre Oxford, the Barbican, Dorchester Abbey, King’s College Chapel Cambridge, Hampton Court, at the Spitalfields, Bournemouth, and Brighton Festivals, and in Promenade Concerts at the Royal Albert Hall. The choir frequently can be heard on BBC Radio 3 (including Evensong recordings) and on Classic FM. Recordings can be purchased from the Choir of New College website (link below).
Open days for potential choristers are held throughout the year.
History of New College School.
New College School was founded in November 1379 by William of Wykeham, Bishop of Winchester, as part of the foundation of the College of St Mary of Winchester in Oxford (commonly called New College Oxford). Wykeham provided for sixteen choristers, alongside ten chaplains and three clerks, to participate in services to the glory of God and to pray for his soul. In 1394 the College started to pay for an "informator choristarum" to teach the choristers singing and grammar.
Since its foundation the School has had a peripatetic existence and it has varied in size according to the fortunes and demands of history. In the 1620s we know that choristers were accommodated on the site of New College itself as the attic between the hall and the kitchen was opened up for this purpose. They were taught in a schoolroom between the Chapel and the Cloisters, although this was disrupted during the 1640s when – faced with civil war – the Cloisters became a powder magazine. The boys predictably were distracted by this development; Anthony Wood, a pupil at the school, noted that they were of ‘a longing condition to be one of the train, that they could never be brought to their books again’. Nonetheless the choristers were moved to former servants’ quarters at the east end of the Hall which Wood called a ‘dark, nasty room and very unfit for such a purpose’. It was also during this period that New College School was mentioned in John Aubrey's famous "Brief Life" of Thomas Hobbes. In the late seventeenth century the vestry and song-room were refitted to accommodate one hundred or so new boys. This marked the moment at which the School, as today, educated both choristers and non-choristers.
In 1694, faced with this sudden increase in numbers, the School moved outside New College itself, to the Congregation House at St Mary’s. It was during this period that the boys were taught by one of the School’s most notable Masters, James Badger. Badger was at the School for twenty-three years and he became (according to one manuscript in the Bodleian Library) ‘one of ye most famous Schoolmasters in England. Several Heads and Fellows of Colleges in this University had been his Scholars’. He, like many of the School’s tutors past and present, was also a published academic.
The School roll of 1737-8 recorded 117 boys at the School. By the end of the eighteenth century sufficient space had been found in College for the boys, and they moved back, though they were now based in the south undercroft. They moved again in the mid-nineteenth century, to two nearby houses – 26 and 28 Holywell Street – before moving again at the turn of the twentieth century to 6 New College Lane and 19 Holywell Street. The School’s wanderings ceased in 1903, however, when the land of its current site was purchased from Merton College. From this date the School’s buildings have grown and been refurbished. The most recent addition was made in 2007: a state-of-the-art gym, art studio, and music technology suite commensurate with the School’s pre-eminent role in the musical life of the country.
Links with the University of Oxford.
New College School has strong links with the University of Oxford. The School’s Chair of Governors is the Warden of New College Oxford (currently Professor Sir Curtis Price). Choristers frequently sing at University occasions and previously the School has provided the Chancellor’s Page for Encaenia ceremonies. Pupils at the School also enjoy close geographical proximity to College buildings, galleries, and events. Each Wednesday every member of the School attends a service in New College Chapel, usually presided over by the College Chaplain. University figures often are willing to aid with NCS pupils’ education. One of Merton College’s Visiting Research Fellows, for example, recently held a Literature Masterclass with Year 8 pupils and a British Academy Research Fellow based at Somerville College judged the Upper School’s Poetry Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9645773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645773" title="Wickmere">
Wickmere

Wickmere is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. The village is North of Norwich, south-south-west of Cromer and north-east of London. The nearest railway station is at Gunton for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport. The parish of Wickmere in the 2001 census, a population of 125. For the purposes of local government, the parish falls within the district of North Norfolk.
Description.
Wickmere gets its name from the old English meaning "Lake by a dairy farm". The village is made up of a few cottages built to provide accommodation for the workers on the near-by Wolterton Estate, which was once the family seat of the younger brother of the Prime Minister, Robert Walpole. The parish has a long history that pe-dates the Norman Conquest
History.
Over the years archaeological finds have proved that people have lived in the parish of Wickmere as far back as prehistoric times. These finds, made in 1991 take the form of prehistoric pot boiler. These flints represent the use of fire by the early inhabitants of the area for the purposes of heating water for cooking and washing.
Bronze Age.
Evidence has also been uncovered of activity here in the Bronze age with the find of Pieces of casting waste which might provide evidence for a metal working site in Wickmere. Discoveries by metal detectors of a copper alloy adza and an axe head, along with pottery shreds are more evidence of activity here in this period.
Roman Period.
Archaeological evidence has also found three possible Roman settlements around Wickmere. In these areas finds include Roman pottery, coins and casting waste, dolphin brooches, a spindle whorl, staff ferrule and part of an iron key.
The Norman Period.
Wickmere has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Wickmere’s population, land ownership and productive resources are documented. The parish recorded by the name of "Wicmare" or "Wicmere". The parish is Kings land with main tenant being Tihel de Hellean, from the Bishop of Bayeux, William de Warenne, also Robert de Courson from Roger Bigot and the Abbot of Holme. The survey document revealed that the Benedictine Order held land here prior to 1066. It is also recorded that Wickmere had woodland, a share in a mill and numerous meadows.
Prominent buildings.
The parish church of Saint Andrew.
This parish church is mainly constructed from carstone and has a Saxon-Norman round tower and west wall. The rest of the church dates from the 14th century. The windows in the aisle and chancel are decorated with tracery and are in the perpendicular style. the nave roof is a king post construction, whilst the chancel roof is of King post design. Inside the church some of the benches date from medieval period, there is a 15th-century screen which has been restored but still retains four original panels with paintings of the Saint, although only Saint Andrew with his cross can be recognised. There are several notable memorials in the church, in particular, the tomb of the fifth earl of Orford, Baron Robert Horace Walpole. A white marble cartouche with cherub heads at the corners is to Henry Spelman, a soldier, who died in Calcutta in the Bengal.
Wolterton Hall.
South of the village is the estate of Wolterton Hall. The hall was built for Horatio Walpole between 1727 and 1741 and was designed by the architect Thomas Ripley. Constructed from red brick with stone dressing the building stands in the form of a block of seven by three bays. The elevations are plain without decoration with the plan of the house being of triple pile and is an early example of the palladian standard. On the garden side of the hall, George Repton added arcading and a staircase leading to a terrace in 1829. The interior of the house has fine examples of period fireplaces and plaster ceilings. Some restoration has been carried out in the 20th century. The Hall is a Grade II listed building.
The round tower of St Margaret’s Church.
Within the grounds of Wolterton estate can be seen the remains of Saint Margaret’s church. The round tower is all that remains of the church and the lost village of Wolterton which stood north of the church.

</doc>
<doc id="9645797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645797" title="Ithalar">
Ithalar

Ithalar is one of the villages in Nilgiris District in India about 12 kilometres from Ooty. The main cultivation in Ithalar is tea growing and agriculture.It has a population of 1,500 with 350 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="9645798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645798" title="Badan">
Badan

Badan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9645806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645806" title="Bruce Halliday">
Bruce Halliday

Bruce Halliday MD CCFP (June 18, 1926 – January 1, 2011) was a Canadian physician and federal politician.
History.
Born in Woodstock, Ontario, Halliday was a physician before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons from the Ontario riding of Oxford in the 1974 federal election. 
Halliday spent his early years in Ottawa, graduating from Lisgar Collegiate Institute, prior to completing medical studies at the Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto. He was a family physician in Tavistock, Ontario for twenty-two years, prior to being elected to the House of Commons in 1974. 
A Progressive Conservative, he was re-elected four times in 1979, 1980, 1984, and 1988. He did not stand for re-election in 1993. When the Conservatives were in Opposition, he was Critic for Fitness and Amateur Sport. During the 1984–1993 period, when the Conservatives were in government, his primary parliamentary role was as Chair of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Human Rights and the Status of Disabled Persons.
After retiring from office in 1993, he was active with the World Crokinole Championships in his hometown of Tavistock, Ontario. He was the 2004 recipient of the Distinguished Service Award from the Canadian Association of Former Parliamentarians. He was also inducted into the Terry Fox Hall of Fame.
Halliday died on January 1, 2011 at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="9645808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645808" title="Gary McGinnis">
Gary McGinnis

Gary McGinnis (born 21 October 1963 in Dundee) is a Scottish former football player.
Career.
McGinnis broke into the Dundee United first team, along with Dave Beaumont, in 1983–84 season, making six appearances and scored his only goal in his full debut for the club in a 3-0 League Cup win against Motherwell at Fir Park. A versatile back-up player rather than a first-teamer, McGinnis appeared in some of United's major European games, playing against Manchester United in the second leg at Tannadice in 1984 (scoring an own goal in that game), and spent most of the 1986-87 UEFA Cup run on the bench, making four appearances in the run to the Final against IFK Gothenburg.
McGinnis played in a handful of games in each of the next three seasons, but never became a regular, and, after nine years at Tannadice, left for Tayside rivals St Johnstone in 1990. He became club captain during his five years at McDiarmid Park. He later played in Hong Kong with Happy Valley, before finishing his career in English non-League football with Slough Town.
As a youth, McGinnis won the Under-18 European Championship with Scotland in 1982 and reached the quarter-finals of the resulting 1983 Under-20 World Championships. He became a Scotland under-21 international, making his debut against Spain in November 1984.
McGinnis played his final years as a professional in the Queensland State League with Bundaberg Waves, before becoming the Director Of Coaching for Central Queensland. He joined the Australian National League side Northern Spirit in 2002 as Head of Youth before taking on the role of Director of Coaching for Kuringai in 2007. Now playing for Harbord Seasiders Utd in the Manly Warringah Football League in Sydney. McGinnis helped the senior men's team to the Grand Final of their competition in 2009, missing out on a winner's medal after a 1-0 loss. In 2010 McGinnis is featuring in the Harbord Seasiders' over-35s team. From 2011 to Present, he teaches in the Physical Education Department of St. Aloysius College, Milson's Point, Australia and teaches PE and PDHPE. As of 20 August 2011 Gary Mcginnis has retired from Harbord Seasiders United Football Club over 35s division 1 team.
As of 18 February 2012, McGinnis resides in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales. In 2013 he was appointed director of football for the North Coast Football association.

</doc>
<doc id="9645819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645819" title="List of army units called Guards">
List of army units called Guards

This is a list of past and present army units whose names include the word guard. Border Guards, Coast Guards, Home Guards, National Guards, Presidential Guards, Red Guards, Republican Guards, and Royal Guards are listed under their own articles.
Active.
Bulgaria.
The National Guards Unit of Bulgaria
Romania.
30th Honor Guard Regiment "Mihai Viteazul"
United Kingdom.
Current Guards units of the British Army are under the administrative control of the Guards Division
Former.
With dates Guards title carried
Historical.
Prussia.
"Cavalry"
"Infantry"(each of the Foot Guards and four of the Guards Grenadiers would form reserve (Landwehr) units upon mobilization in August 1914)
"Artillery"
"Support units"
References.
Philip Mansel, "Pillars of Monarchy: An Outline of the Political and Social History
of Royal Guards 1400-1984", ISBN 0-7043-2424-5

</doc>
<doc id="9645824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645824" title="Koson">
Koson

Koson (written: 篁村 or 古邨) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="9645834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645834" title="Michel Che">
Michel Che

Professor Michel Che (born in Lyon, France) completed his doctorate (EPR study of titanium dioxide) in 1968 at the University of Lyon and studied as a postdoctoral fellow at Princeton University (1969–71). He was appointed professor at in 1975 and Senior Member of the Institut Universitaire de France in 1995.
His work has led to around 400 publications in international journals. He has been very active in the promotion and organisation of catalysis, being the President-Founder of EFCATS (European Federation of Catalysis Societies) with creation in 1993 of the cycle of the now famous biennial "EuropaCat" congresses, and President of IACS (International Association of Catalysis Societies) in 2000–04, culminating with the organisation and opening of the "13th International Congress on Catalysis" in Paris in 2004.
His research activity has been largely devoted to catalysis processes involving gas–solid, liquid–solid and solid–solid interfaces. He has pioneered a molecular approach to heterogeneous catalysis, based on transition elements taken as probes, specific isotopes and physical techniques, which provided him with an original position in the field. His work has led to the emergence of interfacial coordination chemistry at the junction of colloidal, electro-, supramolecular, geo- and solid-state chemistries. His studies have largely contributed to improve understanding of the elementary processes involved in laboratory/industrial catalysis, and particularly water-mediated assemblies in catalyst preparation.
Michel Che's awards include: J. H. Van't Hoff (Netherlands), Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (Japan), M. Sklodowska-Curie and P. Curie (Poland), A. Joannides and P. Sue (France), Von Humboldt – Gay-Lussac (Germany). He is Doctor "honoris causa" of several universities (Cracow, Poland; Lisbon, Portugal; Bucharest, Romania) and member of several high-ranking academies (e.g. Academia Europaea, Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina).

</doc>
<doc id="9645848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645848" title="Redan, Victoria">
Redan, Victoria

Redan is an inner suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia immediately south of Ballarat Central. The population at the 2006 census was 2,958.
Its boundaries along Winter Street East, Pleasant Street, Sebastopol Street and Hill Street, on the north side; Yarrowee River forms the eastern boundary; Rubicon Street is the southern edge with Sutton Street forming the west side. Skipton Street is the main road through the suburb and commercial area.
It was named for the fortifications used during the battle at Sevastopol in the Ukraine during the Crimean War.
History.
Redan was one of Ballarat's first deep lead gold mining areas on the outskirts Ballarat between the city and the town of Sebastopl. In the 1870s and 1880s, the Redan lead had a number of larger gold mining companies extracting Sergeants Freehold Quartz Goldmining Company and the Hustler's Line of Reef.
The suburb developed gradually with working class origins, the home of many miners.
A Post Office was first opened here on 1 July 1935.
Layout, housing and growth.
Redan is almost entirely laid out in grid plan. The population is forcase to increast to 3195 in 2021 with 1536 dwellings.
As of September 2009, Redan had the most affordable houses in Australia. 
The population has many people in their teens and early twenties in low cost rental accommodation. The current median house price in Redan is $190,000.
Sport.
Redan has an Australian rules football team playing in the Ballarat Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="9645851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645851" title="Sustead">
Sustead

Sustead is a small village and parish in the county of Norfolk, England, about four miles south-west of Cromer.
The parish also includes the villages of Bessingham and Metton. The parish is bounded by Aldborough and Hanworth to the south, Roughton to the east, Felbrigg and Aylmerton to the north and Gresham to the west.
History.
Sustead has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Sustead is recorded by the names Surstede, and sutstede. The main land holder being William de Warren and the main tennent was Roger Bigot. The survey also states there were 1½ mills.
The parish church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul.
The earliest parts of this church are Saxon but over the years it has been added and altered by the Normans, Tudors and in the 19th century by the Victorians. The nave reflect all these periods in its decoration. The north and south doorways date from the 14th century whilst the square headed windows date from the 15th century. There are fragments of mediaeval stain glass in the south window. Behind the pulpit there are the signs of a blocked of long demolished north Transept. There is an octagonal font which dates from the 15th century. The pulpit is from the 17th century and is decorated with heads of angels. The pulpit was originally from the church at North Barningham. The screen dates from the 14th century. The church has a round tower which is 48 feet tall and has a diameter of 7 feet. The walls are 3 ft 4ins thick. The lower part of this round tower is from the Saxon period. The higher reaches were built in the 14th and 15th century. The tower has a single bell which was cast between 1400 and 1425. The south porch of the church is late 14th century but has undergone restoration work in 1896.
Notable people.
Humphry Repton lived in Sustead.

</doc>
<doc id="9645885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645885" title="The Hue and Cry After Cupid">
The Hue and Cry After Cupid

The Hue and Cry After Cupid, or A Hue and Cry After Cupid, also "Lord Haddington's Masque or The Masque at Lord Haddington's Marriage, or even The Masque With the Nuptial Songs at the Lord Viscount Haddington's Marriage at Court," was a masque performed on Shrove Tuesday night, 9 February 1608, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall Palace. The work was written by Ben Jonson, with costumes, sets, and stage effects designed by Inigo Jones, and with music by Alfonso Ferrabosco — the team of creators responsible for previous and subsequent masques for the Stuart Court.
The marriage.
The masque celebrated the marriage of John, Lord Ramsay, Viscount Haddington, to Lady Elizabeth Radclyffe, the daughter of Robert Radclyffe, Earl of Sussex. Following the precedent of the masque "Hymenaei" in 1606, the marriage was celebrated at Court because it involved an important Scottish nobleman marrying an English aristocrat, which was in keeping with the policy of King James I to favor close ties between his two kingdoms. The groom, the former Sir John Ramsay, was a close confederate of the King, and had saved James from assassination eight years earlier. The preparation of the masque was supervised by James's Queen, Anne of Denmark, who was the key promoter of masquing at the Stuart Court.
The show.
The principal masquers, nobles and gentlemen of the Court, appeared in the guise of the twelve signs of the Zodiac; the men, five English and seven Scottish courtiers, were The Duke of Lennox, the Earls of Arundel, Montgomery, and Pembroke, the Lords D'Aubigny, De Walden, Hay, and Sanquhar, the Master of Mar, Sir John Kennedy, Sir Robert Rich, and a Mr. Erskine. Their Zodiac was supported by a cast of mythical figures that included Venus, Cupid, the Graces, Hymen, and Vulcan, among others. The musicians were priests of Hymen, while Cyclops beat time with their hammers.
The set for the masque was noteworthy in that it may well have been the first instance in which the proscenium arch was employed in British theatre. Within the arch, the initial set took the form of a large red cliff (suggesting "Radcliff"); clouds broke over it to reveal the chariot of Venus. The red cliff split open (a trademark Inigo Jones effect) to display a silver sphere that held the masquers, who emerged to perform four dances. Contemporary accounts state that the "singular brave masque" and the general dancing that followed lasted till three o'clock in the morning.
The twelve principal masquers reported spent £300 each on their costumes of carnation and silver. 
The source.
The masque adapts a tale from the "Idyll" of the Ancient Greek pastoral poet Moschus. the "Idyll" was extremely popular during the Renaissance and was known in various French and Italian adaptations; the actual version that Jonson employed for his text is uncertain.
Publication.
The masque was published in quarto, in an undated edition that probably (to judge by the examples of previous masques) was issued soon after the February performance. The text was reprinted in the first folio collection of Jonson's works in 1616, and in subsequent collections of Jonson's works.

</doc>
<doc id="9645929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645929" title="Scouting and Guiding in Venezuela">
Scouting and Guiding in Venezuela

The Scout and Guide movement in Venezuela is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645932" title="Thorold Merrett">
Thorold Merrett

Thorold Merrett (born 30 September 1933) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
From the town of Cobden, Victoria, Merrett was a small footballer who was a keen Richmond fan who wanted to play league football for his beloved side. At 16 years of age, Merrett was rejected by Richmond legend Jack Dyer because of his light frame, but he was given another opportunity at Victoria Park, where he stood out in a set of practice games for Collingwood just before the 1950 season. It was initially thought by followers and players that he would be 'killed' because of his size (168 cm, 59 kg).
He made his debut for Collingwood in 1950. At the age of 16 he was one of the youngest players in the VFL. Merrett played as a wingman and won respect for the accuracy and speed of his stab kick (which he had mastered on his farm as a kid by kicking stab passes through a suspended tyre). He became one of the best players in the competition despite his unusually small stature for a league footballer. In 1952, Merrett came equal sixth in the Brownlow Medal, and won All-Australian selection and a top three finish in the Copeland Trophy. A year later he again finished in the top 10 in the Brownlow Medal and celebrated the 1953 premiership with the Magpies, when he was one of the best players in the Grand Final.
In years that followed, Merrett performed consistently and he continued to be regarded as one of the best kicks in the league, as well as one of the best wingmen. He played in two losing Grand Finals in 1955 and 1956 (he had also played in the 1952 losing side). In 1958, Merrett changed roles to become a rover, and it succeeded. He won the club Best and Fairest and the Pies also won the 1958 flag, with Merrett named best on ground. In 1959, he again starred as a rover, winning a second consecutive Copeland Trophy, and finishing in the top 10 in the Brownlow Medal for a third time (he ended up with 77 career Brownlow votes).
A second broken leg in 1960 saw Merrett miss most of the season and, aged 26, he retired, feeling his best football was past. He played 180 games in 11 seasons and kicked 148 goals. He was also a dual Best and Fairest and premiership player, All-Australian, and Victorian representative on seven occasions. In 1997 he was included in the Collingwood Football Club Hall of Fame and Team of the Century, on the wing.
Business.
Merritt formed a partnership with former Australian Cricket Caption Lindsay Hassett. The Merritt-Hassett sports stores had branches throughout Victoria . With the death of Hassett, Merritt went on to founded Rebel Sports, a sporting goods store that later listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. In 2011 the business was taken over be the Super Retail Group.
Family.
Current players Jackson and Zach Merrett are Thorold's great nephews.

</doc>
<doc id="9645939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645939" title="Sidestrand">
Sidestrand

Sidestrand is a village and a civil parish on the coast of the English county of Norfolk. The village is north of Norwich, south east of Cromer and north-east of London. The nearest railway station is at North Walsham for the Bittern Line which runs between Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
History.
The name Sidestrand is thought to derive from the old English word "sid", meaning broad or spacious, and the Danish "strond", meaning shore. The area was immortalised as "Poppyland" in the writings of the Victorian journalist Clement Scott.
The Parish Church of Saint Michael.
The church of Sidestrand, St Michael, is one of 124 round-tower churches in Norfolk. Much of its material comes from an earlier church that became too close to the cliff. The earlier church was demolished, apart from the tower which was left as a landmark. The tower and graveyard became known as "The Garden of Sleep" - after Clement Scott's poem.
Politician Samuel Hoare, 1st Viscount Templewood (1880-1959) is buried in the churchyard.
Coastline.
The section of cliffs at Sidestrand is one of the wildest parts of the Norfolk coast due to its rapid erosion. Its beaches and dramatic cliffs are less accessible than most others along this part of the coastline. The 50m high cliffs contain glacial sediments and structures and its beach is popular with petrologists and fossil hunters.
Other items of interest.
Sidestrand Hall was the family home of Sir Samuel Hoare (later created 1st Viscount Templewood) before becoming Sidestrand Hall School, which caters for boys and girls aged 8 to 16 years with moderate learning difficulties.
The windmill in the village was blown over in a gale in 1921.
The Sidestrand biplane bomber was named after the village; being made at the Boulton & Paul aircraft factory in Norwich in the late 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="9645941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645941" title="List of members of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region">
List of members of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region

This is a list of current Members of the Brussels Parliament, arranged alphabetically. The Parliament counts 89 members, 17 of which are reserved for the Dutch-language group. Of the remaining 72 French-speaking members, 19 are also member of the Parliament of the French Community.
Composition (2011–).
The elections took place in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9645952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645952" title="Scouting and Guiding on Aruba">
Scouting and Guiding on Aruba

The Scout and Guide movement in Aruba is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9645980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645980" title="Patrick de Cambourg">
Patrick de Cambourg

Patrick de Cambourg (born in 1949) is Chairman of the Mazars Group.
Biography.
Graduate of the Paris Institute of Political Studies in 1971, with degrees in literature, government and civil law, a chartered accountant and auditor, Patrick began his career with Mazars in 1974 at the age of 24.
He became a partner in 1978, and chairman of Mazars in 1983. He is a member of a variety of committees among the organisations of his profession (French National Institute of Chartered Accountants, French National Institute of Statutory Auditors, National Accounting Council, FEE), and also participated in the Le Portz Committee on network ethics.
Patrick de Cambourg is chairman of the international section of the National Accounting Council.
He is also a member of Praxity’s Executive Board, Governance Council and President of its membership committee. Praxity is an international alliance of independent international auditing and advisory firms.
Since January 2012, Patrick de Cambourg is Chairman of the Group and Chairman of the Group Governance Council as Mazars has changed its governance.

</doc>
<doc id="9645998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9645998" title="Scouting and Guiding in the Dutch Caribbean">
Scouting and Guiding in the Dutch Caribbean

The Scout and Guide movement in the Dutch Caribbean is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9646000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646000" title="National Gallery of Modern Art (disambiguation)">
National Gallery of Modern Art (disambiguation)

National Gallery of Modern Art is an art gallery in New Delhi, India
National Gallery of Modern Art may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9646016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646016" title="Antonio Serapio">
Antonio Serapio

Antonio Serapio (1937 – 19 February 2007) was a lawmaker from the district of Valenzuela, Philippines. He died when his car collided with an oncoming bus. He was rushed to Cabanatuan City Doctor's Hospital but there he suffered a cardiac arrest and died at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="9646024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646024" title="Josh Marquet">
Josh Marquet

Joshua Pillip Marquet (born 3 December 1969, in Melbourne, Victoria) is a former Australian cricket player, who played for Tasmania. He was a sharpish Fast bowler, debuting in the 1994-95 season who opened Tasmanian bowling attack in the late 1990s, but often proved expensive, and as a result, failed to hold down a regular berth in the side. 
He bowled well with the breeze from the Derwent River at his back, but was often inconsistent. He fared slightly better in domestic one-day cricket, but retired in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9646028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646028" title="Thistles Centre">
Thistles Centre

The Thistles Shopping Centre is located in Stirling, Scotland. The shopping centre caters for over 500,000 sq ft of retail, providing 87 units in total, since opening in 1977.
Thistles Marches.
A new phase, known as Thistle II Ltd, was financed by three joint ventures being Stirling Council (49%), John Laing Property (49%) and DepFa Bank (2%). A new 970 two-storey car park, 14 stance bus station, 40 new units within the new phase and the creation of 400 jobs was the focus of the plans. The Thistle Marches opened to the public in September 1997, retaining Stirling's importance as the major regional centre outwith the main cities.
Standard Life Investments eventually bought the entire shopping centre in 1998 for £37.2 million, at least a year after the Thistles Marches phase was complete. The company paid £8 million back to the finances for their contributions.
As The Thistle Centre stands now, it has well over 500,000 sq ft of retail space; its position in the heart of Stirling allows for a catchment area of over 500,000 people within 20 km of the centre. It is estimated that the centre currently attracts over 12 million visitors per year, with 3.7 million likely to be tourists from other countries.
Stores.
The anchor stores are Debenhams, a Marks and Spencer store,Bhs and Primark. Other stores include Zara, River Island, Topshop, Game and HMV.
There was also a Burger King restaurant located by an entrance to the centre, however it closed suddenly and without warning in July 2008.
For a full updated list visit the Store Finder
Thieves Pot.
The Thistles Shopping Centre is the only one in the world to have a replica 16th century jail with an extensive history of the Bastion's. The jail is of historical importance in Stirling, being used at one time to guard an angle of Stirling's Town Wall.
The Thieves Pot is accessed within the Thistles Centre itself, located near the Port Street entrance. The Thieves Pot is identified by two 'flaming' torches on the wall, a cause visitor could mistake this for a themed bar however this is actually the entrance to the underground jail. Entering through the opening in the wall, the visitor must first travel down a wrought iron spiral staircase. As the visitor descends the feeling of entering a different time sets in, as the surroundings change from the busy shopping centre into a confined jail environment.
Admission to the Thieves Pot is free, and can be visited whenever the shopping centre is open.
Looking around a visitor will see a circular rough stone room, this is the original guardroom which existed in the walls which used to defend Stirling. The guardroom which the visitor enters into contains different artefacts; including Justice Figure and Stirling Heads which are placed as historical presentations, giving information on the room and the history of what happened there. There is also the Thieves Pot below this room, this was the prison where people would be sent as a jail. This is a dark cramped space, which is viewable through a glass floor panel and contains a model representation of a prisoner down in the prison. The entrance to this prison space would originally have been accessed through a trapdoor which would have been present where the glass viewing panel now is in the floor.

</doc>
<doc id="9646032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646032" title="Scouting and Guiding in Antigua and Barbuda">
Scouting and Guiding in Antigua and Barbuda

The Scout and Guide movement in Antigua and Barbuda is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9646047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646047" title="Jackson Kaujeua">
Jackson Kaujeua

Jackson Kaujeua (3 July 1953 – 27 May 2010) was a Namibian musician, composer and gospel singer, and a veteran of the Namibian struggle for independence. He sang in various Namibian languages including Afrikaans and English.
He was born Jackson Muningandu Kaujeua, a member of the Herero ethnic group in !Huns, a village near Keetmanshoop. Later, he gave up an education as a priest at the mission school of Otjimbingwe after he came in touch with the songs of gospel singers like Mahalia Jackson, whose human rights-related lyrics inspired him.
In 1973, he started studying music at the "Dorkay Art & Music College for talented Non-Whites" in South Africa. However, he was soon expelled from the country for anti-apartheid activism, and went into exile in 1974. After a short time in Botswana, the SWAPO-resistance movement (with which he was associated with until his death) helped him to move to the UK, where he soon became the lead singer of the group Black Diamond. International success followed with songs such as "Winds of Change".
Having lived as a teacher in an Angolan refugee camp from 1979 to early 80s and later in Sweden, he returned to Namibia before independence in 1990, where he celebrated great successes with his music, especially with "!Gnubu !Nubus" (Damara: 'short and round'). In the late 1990s, he was still one of the best-known Namibian musicians. 
Kaujeua died of renal failure on 27 May 2010, after suffering from a kidney disorder for six months. In Namibia, kidney dialysis is only available in privately run medical facilities, which most citizens are unable to afford. Kaujeuna had lived and died in poverty. He was formally unemployed for most of his life, living off his performances and royalties. Calls for some sort of employment or empowerment for his role as "musical ambassador for the liberation struggle" were not answered by the authorities.
Kaujeua had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="9646053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646053" title="Center versus periphery">
Center versus periphery

Center versus periphery is a linguistic theory put forward by Japanese folklorist Yanagita Kunio explaining the usage of certain words of a language in some regions while not in others. The theory may also explain the existence of other cultural features, or lack thereof, in differing regions; though it was specifically created to address linguistic differences.
Overview.
In general, the theory states that new words, often synonyms, are created in influential areas and cultural centers. Over time, these words gradually move outward to less culturally influential areas in a ripple pattern. Over time, the new words may travel a great distance. However, during their slow progression outwards from the cultural center, new words are also being created and gradually moving outwards. New words may not have the "momentum" necessary to propagate to all areas where the language is used. Typically, areas that are farthest away from a cultural center will possess only the oldest form of a word and no others, though the new words often still remain active in the cultural center where they were created, along with other synonym variations.
Origin.
This theory was postulated by Yanagita Kunio to explain the existence of some words in cultural centers, such as the capital of Japan, during various stages of the nation's history, and the lack of those such words in non-cultural centers. It is not certain if his postulate was the first to describe such cultural patterns in general; or merely with respect to language.
Example.
One phenomenon the theory attempts to explain, for example, is the Japanese word for snail, particularly prior to the Meiji period. In Kyoto, the capital of Japan around the time of the Edo period, there were as many as four different words for snail: "dedemushi" (ででむし), "maimai" (まいまい), "katatsumuri" (かたつむり), and "tsuburi" (つぶり). In the areas outside the capital, not all of these words existed. As one traveled farther from the capital, the number of synonyms employed decreased. In the farthest reaches of Japan in the North and the South, typically only one word for "snail" was used. Coincidentally, often the same single word existed in both places (in this case "tsuburi" (つぶり)), despite the great distance between the regions. Some linguists have taken this existence of some words in the farthest regions from cultural centers as an indication of the age of certain of these words.

</doc>
<doc id="9646056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646056" title="Julen Madariaga">
Julen Madariaga

Julen Kerman Madariaga Agirre (born in Bilbao in 1932) is a Basque Spanish politician and lawyer who co-founded the Basque armed separatist group ETA in 1959.
He was a leader of ETA, a prominent member of Herri Batasuna and, later, founder of the political party Aralar and a member of the pacifist organization, Elkarri.
Madariaga served long prison sentences and spent years in exile, but severed his links with ETA in 1989 after becoming disillusioned with the group's methods. He left Herri Batasuna in 1995 after the party refused to condemn ETA violence.
In June 2006, he was arrested in France on charges of extorting businessmen into making financial contributions to ETA. However, the charges were dropped and he was released within days.

</doc>
<doc id="9646066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646066" title="Henry Dolphus Smith">
Henry Dolphus Smith

Henry Dolphus Smith (December 23, 1819 – November 22, 1889) was an Ontario political figure. He represented Leeds North and Grenville North in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1871.
He was born in Wolford Township, Grenville County, Upper Canada in 1819, the son of Methodist minister William Smith. He married Josephine Bass. Smith operated an iron foundry. He served as reeve for Wolford and for Merrickville. Before he was elected to the Ontario legislature, Smith ran unsuccessfully three times for the same seat in the legislative assembly of the Province of Canada. He defeated Ogle Gowan in the 1867 general election; he was defeated by Henry Merrick in the general election that followed in 1871.
He died in Nebraska in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="9646073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646073" title="Scouting and Guiding in Anguilla">
Scouting and Guiding in Anguilla

Scouting and Guiding in Anguilla exist as branches of the parent organisations in the United Kingdom.
The Scout Association of Anguilla.
The Scout Association of Anguilla operates as a branch of the United Kingdom Scout Association, due to Anguilla's status as a British Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom. The Anguillan Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, closely follow that of the United Kingdom.
Although the program activities are taken from the British system, Anguilla Scouting is geared to the Caribbean way of life. Training for Wood Badge and leader training are conducted with the help of British and nearby Caribbean Scout associations. Anguillan Scouts participate in numerous Caribbean camps and events.
Girlguiding Anguilla.
Girlguiding Anguilla (formerly "Anguilla Girl Guide Association") is a Guiding organization in Anguilla, founded in 1933. It is one of the nine branch associations of Girlguiding UK. It is represented by Girlguiding UK at World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) level and Girlguiding UK's Chief Guide is also Chief Guide for Girlguiding Anguilla. Girlguiding Anguilla is part of the Caribbean Link for Guiding.
In 1968, Anguilla issued a set of four postage stamps celebrating the 35th anniversary of Girl Guiding in Anguilla.
The program is a modified form of Guiding in the United Kingdom, adapted to suit local conditions, with the same Promise, and Rainbow, Brownie, Guide and Ranger groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9646083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646083" title="Scouting and Guiding in Bermuda">
Scouting and Guiding in Bermuda

The Scout and Guide movement in Bermuda is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9646089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646089" title="Camp Runamuck">
Camp Runamuck

Camp Runamuck is an American sitcom which aired on NBC during the 1965-1966 television season. The series was created and executive produced by David Swift, and aired for 26 episodes.
Synopsis.
The series related the wacky goings-on at the titular boys' summer camp, and at Camp Divine, its girls counterpart across the lake. Runamuck was run by Commander Wivenhoe (Arch Johnson), a man who couldn't stand kids, and senior Spiffy (Dave Ketchum), his assistant of sorts. 
Helping them out were counselor Pruett (Dave Madden), Doc Joslyn, and camp cook Malden (Mike Wagner). Eulalia Divine (Hermione Baddeley) was the owner of the girls' camp, which was run by chief counselor Mahalia May Gruenecker (Alice Nunn). Nina Wayne (older sister of Carol) played Camp Divine's curvaceous counsellor Caprice Yeudleman. The competitiveness between the two camps and the incidents and accidents that would normally occur at such summer camps - missing kids, people falling into the lake, food poisoning, and so on - formed the basis of most of the show's plots.
The series was scheduled opposite CBS's "The Wild Wild West" and ABC's "The Flintstones" and struggled in the ratings. The series was finally canceled in September 1966 after one season.
Production notes.
Composer and bandleader Frank DeVol (who also wrote the series' theme song) played the part of Doc Joslyn in the pilot episode but illness forced him to quit the role, and he was replaced by Leonard Stone for the actual series. In April 1966, Dell Comics issued a "Camp Runamuck" comic book.
Some of the characters on that show were based on some of the names described in the song "Hello Muddah, Hello Fadduh" by Allan Sherman, including Joe Spivey.
Syndication.
The series aired in the UK by the BBC on Saturday mornings ten years after it aired in the United States. (Although this was the first network UK screening of "Camp Runamuck", the series was aired by some ITV regional stations in 1969). In the United States, it briefly ran on Comedy Central.

</doc>
<doc id="9646108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646108" title="Dana Lewis">
Dana Lewis

Dana Lewis, from Toronto, Canada, is a TV News Correspondent freelance based out of London. He was formerly with Fox News, NBC News, CBS News, and various Canadian TV outlets. He is now seen on Al Jazeera America reporting on the election in Ukraine, the 70th anniversary of D-Day, and current developments in Iraq.
Lewis has covered the World including the current war in the Middle East, the hotel suicide bombings in Amman, Jordan, and updates following the London terrorist attacks. In 2003 Lewis was an embedded reporter with the 101st Airborne in Iraq; he was also embedded with U.S. forces along the Pakistan border and in Helmand Province.
Lewis is considered an expert on Russia having lived there for 12 years, although he no longer lives there. He has covered China, the Middle East, and Central and Eastern Europe.
He speaks English and Russian.
History.
Lewis was born in Toronto, Ontario. He attended York University and the Fanshawe College Broadcast Journalism program. He is a graduate of The Fanshawe College Journalism program.
Prior to joining Al Jazeera and Fox News, Lewis worked for a number of different news programs and networks, including "NBC Nightly News", "CTV News" and "CBC News", and was a crime reporter for CFTR/CHFI Radio in Toronto.
During the 1990s, Lewis was the Jerusalem-based Middle East Bureau Chief/Correspondent for CTV. He was based in Jerusalem for 6 full years. While working for NBC he came under fire while in a car in Ramallah during the Israeli siege of Yasser Arafat's compound, and narrowly escaped injury. He also covered the invasion of Somalia by U.S. forces, and the first Gulf War.
He was embedded with the 101st Airborne Division during the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Lewis was one of the first reporters to enter Afghanistan after September 11 and has been embedded with the 82nd Airborne and 10th Mountain division in Afghanistan, the 101st Airborne and U.S. Marines there.
Dana Lewis has an Emmy nomination for a story on Russian orphans, and the prestigious Overseas Press Club award for War in Kosovo.
He also holds various RTNDA awards. And was honored for his coverage of the Kursk Submarine disaster in Russia.
He is featured in Robin Moore's (French Connection) new book "Hunting Down Saddam".
He also was a guest lecturer at the Prestigious U.S. Naval War College on media affairs. Lewis was one the first reporters to interview General David Petraeus (Later Director of the CIA) and followed him through the Iraq War's early days.
Lewis has interviewed President Putin and is was one of the longest serving western reporters to be based in Russia. (12years)
Dana Lewis has a wife,(Victoria) and two sons (Aleksander and Daniel).
Awards.
Lewis has earned recognition for a number of different stories he has covered in his career, including Overseas Press Club awards for his coverage of the war in Kosovo and the Kursk submarine disaster in Russia. He was nominated for an Emmy Award for coverage of Russian Orphans, and has also received various RTNDA awards for spot news coverage.
The Dana Lewis Front Line Award is annually presented to graduating journalism students.
External links.
Lewis also personally sponsors an award for Broadcast Journalism students from Fanshawe College. It is called the "Front Line' award and is presented annually to the student who delivers the best breaking news story.

</doc>
<doc id="9646119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646119" title="Scouting and Guiding in the British Virgin Islands">
Scouting and Guiding in the British Virgin Islands

Scouting and Guiding in the British Virgin Islands exist as branches of the parent organisations in the United Kingdom.
The Scout Association of the British Virgin Islands.
The Scout Association of the British Virgin Islands operates as a branch of the United Kingdom Scout Association, due to the British Virgin Islands' affiliation as a British Overseas Territory. The BVI Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, closely follow that of the United Kingdom.
Although the program activities are taken from the British system, BVI Scouting is geared to the Caribbean way of life. Training for Wood Badge and leader training are conducted with the help of British and nearby Caribbean Scout associations. BVI Scouts participate in numerous Caribbean camps and events.
The British Virgin Islands Girl Guide Association.
The British Virgin Islands Girl Guide Association is a Guiding organization in the British Virgin Islands. It is one of the nine branch associations of Girlguiding UK. It is represented by Girlguiding UK at World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) level and Girlguiding UK's Chief Guide is also Chief Guide for British Virgin Islands Girlguiding. British Virgin Islands Girlguiding is part of the Caribbean Link for Guiding.
The program is a modified form of Guiding in the United Kingdom, adapted to suit local conditions, with the same promise, and Rainbow, Brownie, Guide and Ranger groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9646120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646120" title="Sunrise Interactive">
Sunrise Interactive

animation production enterprise Sunrise, and ended business on August 31, 2008, when they were shut down by Sunrise's parent company, Namco Bandai Holdings.
Sunrise Interactive had been involved in the production and development of several of the game adaptations of Sunrise's anime series, as well as several original games and software.

</doc>
<doc id="9646128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646128" title="Scouting and Guiding in the Cayman Islands">
Scouting and Guiding in the Cayman Islands

Scouting and Guiding in the Cayman Islands exist as branches of the parent organisations in the United Kingdom.
The Scout Association of the Cayman Islands.
The Scout Association of the Cayman Islands operates as a branch of the United Kingdom Scout Association, due to the Cayman Islands' affiliation as a British Overseas Territory. The Cayman Islands' Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, closely follow that of the United Kingdom. Membership is about 500 Scouts. In October 2006, Governor Stuart Jack was installed as Chief Scout.
Scouting has existed in the Cayman Islands since the early 1920s. There has been rapid growth since 1990, mainly due to a full-time Scouting Executive, improved public image and more Scouters including expatriates becoming involved. There has been a move to bring Scouting to all communities and islands.
Although the program activities are taken from the British system, Cayman Scouting is geared to the Caribbean way of life. Training for Wood Badge and leader training are conducted with the help of British and nearby Caribbean Scout associations.
The government of the Cayman Islands supports Scouting, providing meeting places, as well as funding for an executive commissioner. Camping is illegal throughout the Cayman Islands.
Cayman Scouts participate in numerous Caribbean camps and events, and Scouts from the Cayman Islands participated in the 1998 World Jamboree in Chile.
The Scout emblem incorporates elements of the coat of arms of the Cayman Islands.
Girlguiding Cayman Islands.
Girlguiding Cayman Islands (formerly "The Cayman Islands Girl Guide Association") is a Guiding organization in the Cayman Islands. It is one of the nine branch associations of Girlguiding UK. It is represented by Girlguiding UK at World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) level and Girlguiding UK's Chief Guide is also Chief Guide for Cayman Islands Girlguiding. Cayman Islands Girlguiding is part of the Caribbean Link for Guiding.
The program is a modified form of Guiding in the United Kingdom, adapted to suit local conditions, with the same promise, and Rainbow, Brownie, Guide and Ranger groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9646142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646142" title="Jerry Hopkins (author)">
Jerry Hopkins (author)

Elisha Gerald (Jerry) Hopkins is an American journalist and author best known for writing the first biographies of both Elvis Presley and Jim Morrison of the Doors, as well as serving for 20 years as a correspondent and contributing editor of Rolling Stone magazine. He also penned several other biographies, wrote history and humor, and was a writer-producer for Mike Wallace, Steve Allen and Mort Sahl. To date, he has published 36 books and an estimated thousand magazine articles. The books have been translated into 16 languages and total sales exceed 6 million. 
<br><br>
Born: 9 November 1935, Camden, New Jersey, United States<br>
Occupation: Writer<br>
Nationality: American<br>
Early life.
Hopkins was born in Camden, New Jersey, and raised in nearby Haddonfield, a town founded by Quakers. His parents operated a dry cleaning store.
Education.
He attended a Quaker school through 6th grade and public schools through 12th, earning a BA in journalism from Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia (1957) and following a short period as a reporter for the Twin City Sentinel in Winston-Salem, NC, and brief service in the US Army, a MS in journalism from Columbia University in New York (1959). 
Career.
Early career<br>
After freelancing articles to the then-young Village Voice while at Columbia, he worked as a reporter for the Times-Picayune and as news editor of WWL Radio in New Orleans (1959-1961). He joined Mike Wallace as a writer-producer in New York for one year (1961-62) then moved to Los Angeles where he was a talent coordinator and writer-producer for Steve Allen (1962-1964). He also wrote and produced television programs for Mort Sahl, ABC-TV and Universal Studios (1964-1966; 1971). He wrote his first books during this period, an as-told-to autobiography of a health faddist, Bare Feet and Good Things to Eat (1965), and an astrological spoof, You Were Born on a Rotten Day (1969). 
<br><br>
Middle career<br>
From the mid-1960s, when he left television to open the first “headshop” in Los Angeles and the third in the nation (1965) citation and then wrote for Rolling Stone as Los Angeles correspondent (1967-1969), he wrote features and columns for alternative newspapers, MC’ed the first love-ins in Los Angeles, edited a collection of material from the underground press, The Hippie Papers (1968) and wrote a history of rock and roll, The Rock Story (1970).<br><br>
Leaving Rolling Stone temporarily in 1969 to write Elvis: A Biography (1971), it was while then serving as the magazine’s London correspondent (1972) he began researching his Morrison biography, No One Here Gets Out Alive. It was rejected by more than 30 publishers before publication in 1980, when it topped the New York Times bestseller chart and was credited by many with helping kick-start the Doors’ revival as well as inspiring a new publishing genre, the rock biography. A sequel to the Elvis biography, Elvis: The Final Years (1981) followed, along with biographies of Jimi Hendrix, David Bowie, Yoko Ono, and Raquel Welch, the latter of which was authorized but not published.<br><br>
By now he had moved to Honolulu, where he edited a monthly newsletter about Hawaiian music and dance and published several books taking Hawaiian culture as their subject, including The Hula (1981), a history; How to Make Your Own Hawaiian Musical Instruments (1988); Elvis in Hawaii (2002); and Don Ho: My Life, My Music (2007). He also was an editor at Pacific Business News in Honolulu and a speechwriter for Mayor Frank Fasi.
<br><br>
Current career<br>
Moving to Thailand in 1993, he wrote for numerous travel, food and airline magazines; collaborated with photographer Michael Freeman on Strange Foods: An Epicurean Adventure Around the World (1999), which was expanded and reissued as Extreme Cuisine with a foreword by Anthony Bourdain (2004). A collection of expatriate profiles, Bangkok Babylon (2005); a book of stories and essays, Thailand Confidential (2005); and Asian Aphrodisiacs (2006) followed. His 37th book, profiling Western novelists who helped forge the Asian myth, Romancing the East, will be published in 2013.
<br><br>
Personal life<br>
Hopkins has been married four times, to Sara Cordell (1959-1963), Jane Hollingsworth (1968-1976), Rebecca Erickson Crockett (1980-1988) and has two grown children by his second wife, Erin Hendershot (b.1970) and Nick Hopkins (b. 1972), and six grandchildren. He and his wife, Lamyai (m. 2003), a citizen of Thailand, divide their time between a flat in Bangkok and a house and farm six hours away in rice country near the Cambodian border.

</doc>
<doc id="9646149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646149" title="Yang Jun (footballer)">
Yang Jun (footballer)

Yang Jun (Chinese:杨君 Pinyin: "Yáng Jūn"; born 10 June 1981 in Tianjin) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shenyang Zhongze in the Chinese League One.
Club career.
Yang Jun was considered an outstanding young talented goalkeeper and was quickly spotted by the Chinese youth system before top tier side Qingdao Yizhong Hainiu took him into their side and promoted him into their senior side by the 2001 league season. At Qingdao, who had changed their name to Qingdao Jonoon, he would not have to wait long before he would establish himself as a team regular by the end of the 2002 league season when he made twenty league appearances at the end of the season. For the next several seasons, he was the club's first choice goalkeeper until he was willing to join high flying second tier club Changchun Yatai and immediately win promotion for them, however he was unable to establish himself within the team and was loaned out to Beijing Guoan but the subsequent move was unsuccessful and he only played four games for them.
Changchun Yatai were willing to let Yang Jun go and he would transfer to top tier side Tianjin Teda at the beginning of the 2007 league season where he was immediately chosen as the club's first choice goalkeeper as well as quickly becoming a prominent member of the team. The next season would see him have his most successful season with the club when in the 2008 league season he would aid the club to a top four finish and qualification for the AFC Champions League for the first time. The 2009 AFC Champions League was not successful for the club and while he played in the first four games of the groups stages he was rested for the remaining two after the team could not progress, however Yang still played in every league game throughout the season and even captained the team during absence of club captain Wang Xiao for a short period. At the end of the season the team finished in a disappointing sixth and the club were willing to let Yang go, however they could not find a buyer and as with his teammate Han Yanming the club stopped paying his wages so Yang went to his old club Tianjin Locomotive to train on his fitness. Yang later signed for Guangzhou Evergrande before the 2011 season.
Yang played understudy to Li Shuai in the first half of 2011 season. On 12 May 2011, Yang made his debut for Guangzhou Evergrande in the second round of 2011 Chinese FA Cup as a substitute for Li Shuai in the final minutes, hoping to make impress in the penalty shootout. However, Guangzhou finally lost to Shaanxi Renhe 12–11. Yang gained his Super League debut on 29 May 2011 after Li Shuai suffered injury in the match against Changchun Yatai. He performed well during Li Shuai's absence and when the Li returned from injury, Yang kept his place for Guangzhou Evergrande and helped the club win their first Super League champions in the 2011 season. His position was threaten by Li Shuai after Italian manager Marcello Lippi took charge the club. He became the second choice goalkeeper in September 2012 and the third choice goalkeeper in the 2013 season after Chinese international Zeng Cheng joined the club.
In February 2014, Yang transferred to China League One side Shenyang Zhongze on a free transfer.
International career.
Yang won his first cap for Chinese national team on 7 December 2002, in an international friendly against Syria. He was selected for the Chinese national team in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup where he played understudy to Li Leilei. He played one game in the tournament for China in 2007 against Uzbekistan which China lost 3-0, effectively knocking China out of the tournament.
Honours.
Qingdao Jonoon
Guangzhou Evergrande

</doc>
<doc id="9646162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646162" title="Sant'Alessandro in Zebedia">
Sant'Alessandro in Zebedia

Sant'Alessandro in Zebedia is a church in Milan, Italy.
History.
The original church was built by the Barnabite order in the 9th century, on the ruins of the Pretorium which tradition holds was the prison that held the martyred Sant'Alessandro. 
Its construction for the Barnabite order began in 1601 to a design by Lorenzo Binago, Francesco Maria Richini also contributing to the project. It comprises a principal building on the Greek cross plan with a central dome, and a separate presbytery which also has a dome. The façade, with decorations in bas-relief, has two campaniles.
The interior includes works by important Lombard Baroque artists including Camillo Procaccini (an Assumption, a Nativity and a Crucifixion) and Daniele Crespi (a Flagellation). There is also an altarpiece in the first chapel on the right by Ossana.

</doc>
<doc id="9646163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646163" title="Lincoln International Academy">
Lincoln International Academy

Lincoln International Academy 
Lincoln International Academy is located in Managua, Nicaragua. It is a Catholic, private school. This school that was founded in 1991. It is one of the few schools in Nicaragua that offer bilingual education (Spanish-English). LIA is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools since February 2009. LIA is also a member of the National Catholic Educational Association, the Association of American Schools of Central America, and hosts the Masters in Education Program by Framingham State College.
History.
Founded in Managua in 1991 and later moved to a campus, the new campus was built with the construction building code of California, USA, and has a highly advanced security system. The Nicaraguan Ministry of Education accredited Lincoln International Academy in 1991.
The school offers.
LIA follows United States and Nicaraguan curriculum guidelines for Preschool, Elementary and Secondary education.
Curriculum.
LIA's curriculum places a strong focus on college preparation, offering several AP classes. 28 credit units and 100 hours of Community Service are required in order to graduate.

</doc>
<doc id="9646169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646169" title="Roger Arliner Young">
Roger Arliner Young

Roger Arliner Young (1889 - November 9, 1964) was an American scientist of zoology, biology, and marine biology. She was the first African American woman to receive a doctorate degree in zoology.
Biography.
Early years.
Born in Clifton Forge, Virginia in 1889, Young soon moved with her family to Burgettstown, Pennsylvania. The family was poor and much time and resources were expended in the care of her disabled mother.
In 1916, Young enrolled at Howard University in Washington, D.C. to study music. She did not take her first science course until 1921. Though her grades were poor at the beginning of her college career, some of her teachers saw promise in her. One of these was Ernest Everett Just, a prominent black biologist and head of the Zoology department at Howard. Young graduated with a bachelor’s degree in 1923. Just tried unsuccessfully to help her to gain funding for graduate school, but in 1924 Young began studying for her master’s degree at the University of Chicago, which she received in 1926.
Young worked with Ernest Everett Just for many years, teaching as an Assistant Professor at Howard University from 1923 to 1935. Research was done during the summers. Young assisted Just in his research from 1927 through 1930, but although her assistance was noted in his grant applications, her name does not appear as a coauthor in the resulting publications.
While studying at Chicago, she was asked to join Sigma XI, a scientific research society, which was an unusual honor for a master's student. In 1924 her first article, "On the excretory apparatus in "Paramecium"" was published in the journal "Science", making her the first African American woman to research and professionally publish in this field. 
Career.
Ernest Everett Just invited Young to work with him during summers at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts beginning in 1927. 
While there, they worked on researching the fertilization process in marine organisms, as well as the process of hydration and dehydration in living cells. In 1929, Young became interim department head for the zoology department for the time while Just was in Europe seeking grant money.
In the fall of 1929, Young returned to the University of Chicago to begin her doctorate degree under the direction of Frank Rattray Lillie. Lillie had been a mentor of Just while both were involved with the Marine Biological Laboratory. However, in 1930 she failed to pass her qualifying exams, and for a time, disappeared from the scientific community. She returned to Howard University to teach and continued working with Just at the Marine Biological Laboratory during the summers.
However, around 1935, rumors started circulating that there was a romance between Just and Young, and in 1936 they had a huge confrontation. Later that year she was fired, ostensibly because she mistreated lab equipment and missed classes. She used this setback as an opportunity to try again to obtain a Ph.D. In June 1937, she went to the University of Pennsylvania, studying with Lewis Victor Heilbrunn (another scientist she met at the Marine Biological Laboratory) and graduated with her doctorate in 1940.
After obtaining her doctorate, Young became an assistant professor at the North Carolina College for Negroes and Shaw University (1940–1947), and held teaching positions in Texas, Mississippi and Louisiana until 1959.
Young contributed a great deal of work to science. She studied the effects of direct and indirect radiation on sea urchin eggs, on the structures that control the salt concentration in paramecium, as well as hydration and dehydration of living cells. She published four papers between 1935 and 1938 and also wrote several books.
Personal life.
Young was never married.
In the 1950s she was hospitalized for mental health problems. Roger Arliner Young died on November 9, 1964 in New Orleans, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="9646171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646171" title="Zong Lei">
Zong Lei

Zong Lei () (born July 26, 1981) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Tianjin Teda in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Zong Lei started his football career playing for the Tianjin Teda F.C. youth team before breaking into the senior team during the 2001 league season. While at Tianjin Teda he would struggle to gain any significant playing time and after several seasons he would transfer to Shandong Luneng where he replaced Deng Xiaofei for the goalkeeping position for a short period. It was during this time that he would win the Chinese FA Cup and Super League Cup at the end of the 2004 league season, however the following season saw him lose his place within the team. By the beginning of the 2006 league season newly promoted Changchun Yatai were interested in him and he was allowed to leave after a 2 million yuan transfer. At Changchun Yatai he would immediately become their first choice goalkeeper and see them surprise many by coming fourth in the league. The following season saw him improve upon the previous season's results and he would go on to play a key role in their 2007 Chinese Super League title winning season.
International career.
In preparation for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup Zong Lei would play in a friendly against Kazakhstan on February 2, 2007 where he made his international debut in a game, which China won 2-1. His performance was considered good enough for the Chinese Head coach Zhu Guanghu to include him in the tournament where he was the third choice goalkeeper and did not play in any games. When the new Head coach Vladimir Petrović came in immediately after the tournament Zong Lei would be promoted as the national team's first choice goalkeeper and would play in several FIFA World Cup qualifiers. When China failed to qualify and Vladimir Petrović's reign ended Zong Lei would find himself out of favour and was dropped from the subsequent squads.
Honours.
Shandong Luneng
Changchun Yatai

</doc>
<doc id="9646173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646173" title="Wests Lions">
Wests Lions

The West Lions are a Rugby union club based in the Belconnen area of Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
In 2005, Wests won grand finals across every grade.
The team's colours are Maroon and Blue.

</doc>
<doc id="9646177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646177" title="Centre for Jewish-Christian Relations">
Centre for Jewish-Christian Relations

The Centre for the Study of Jewish-Christian Relations (CJCR) based at Wesley House, Cambridge is an institute for the study and teaching of Jewish-Christian Relations and the promotion of interfaith dialogue. CJCR operates under the auspices of The Woolf Institute and is a sister institute of The Centre for the Study of Muslim-Jewish Relations, established 2006.
Founded by Dr Edward Kessler and Rev Dr Martin Forward in 1998, CJCR teaches Cambridge University’s MSt in the Study of Jewish-Christian Relations and offers a variety of other educational programmes. CJCR is an Associate Member of the Cambridge Theological Federation (CTF). The current academic director of CJCR is Dr Lars Fischer.
External links.
CJCR Website

</doc>
<doc id="9646179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646179" title="Scouting and Guiding in Montserrat">
Scouting and Guiding in Montserrat

Scouting and Guiding in Montserrat exist as branches of the parent organisations in the United Kingdom.
The Scout Association of Montserrat.
The Scout Association of Montserrat operates as a branch of the United Kingdom Scout Association, due to Montserrat's affiliation as a British Overseas Territory. The Montserrat Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, closely follow that of the United Kingdom.
Although the program activities are taken from the British system, Montserrat Scouting is geared to the local way of life. Training for Wood Badge and leader training are conducted with the help of British and nearby affiliated Scout associations. Montserrat Scouts participate in numerous camps and events.
Since the evacuation of much of the island, owing to an eruption of the previously dormant Soufriere Hills volcano that began on July 18, 1995, information from the area is difficult to obtain.
Girlguiding Montserrat.
Girlguiding Montserrat (formerly "Montserrat Girl Guide Association") is a Guiding organization in Montserrat. It is one of the nine branch associations of Girlguiding UK. It is represented by Girlguiding UK at World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) level and Girlguiding UK's Chief Guide is also Chief Guide for Girlguiding Montserrat. Girlguiding Montserrat is part of the Caribbean Link for Guiding.
The program is a modified form of Guiding in the United Kingdom, adapted to suit local conditions, with the same promise, and Rainbow, Brownie, Guide and Ranger groups.
An eruption of Mount Soufrière in 1997 destroyed the Guide Headquarters on Montserrat. It had been open less than ten years. In 2007, the rebuilding of Headquarters began using money raised by Girl Guides and Brownies in the north-east of England.

</doc>
<doc id="9646182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646182" title="Henri Parot">
Henri Parot

Henri Parot (born 6 May 1958) is a member of the Basque separatist group ETA. He was born in Algiers in 1958, the son of a Basque-French marriage that migrated to Algeria. When the Algerian War ended and he was three years old, he returned to France and in the Basque-French city of Bayona when he was 16 years old, where he learned the Basque language.
He was arrested on April 2, 1990 in Seville after an exchange of gunfire with the Spanish police. In 1990, he was given a 4,797 year sentence for 26 murders and 166 attempted murders between 1978 and 1990. He was also convicted of involvement in the 1987 Zaragoza Barracks bombing which killed 11 people (including 5 children and 2 women).

</doc>
<doc id="9646189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646189" title="Alepidea peduncularis">
Alepidea peduncularis

Alepidea peduncularis is an edible perennial herb native to the montane grasslands of East and South Africa.
Growth.
The plant bears a flowering stalk about 70 cm in height, and a basal rosette of leaves with distinctively fringed margins. The leaves are edible, and the roots are used in medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="9646190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646190" title="Luke White (Irish politician)">
Luke White (Irish politician)

Luke White (1740 – 25 February 1824) was an Irish bookseller, operator of a lottery and Whig politician.
He started as an impecunious book dealer, first in the streets of Belfast, then from 1778 at an auction house in Dublin buying and reselling around the country. By 1798, during the Irish Rebellion, he helped the Irish government with a loan of 1 million pounds (at £65 per £100 share at 5%). He then purchased Luttrellstown Castle from Henry Luttrell, 2nd Earl of Carhampton in 1800, and changed its name to Woodlands to eradicate the memory on his previous owner. White was High Sheriff of County Dublin for 1804 and High Sheriff of Longford for 1806. He entered the British House of Commons for Leitrim in 1818 and sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for it until his death in 1824.
On 7 February 1782, he married Elizabeth de la Mazière, by whom he had four sons and three daughters. He later married secondly, in 1800, Arabella Fortescue, daughter of William Fortescue, and had by her one son. White died in Park Street, Mayfair. He left properties worth £175,000 per annum which eventually devolved to his fourth son Henry, who was elevated to the Peerage of the United Kingdom as Baron Annaly. His second son Samuel represented the same constituency as his father and his third son, Luke White Jr. was MP for Longford.

</doc>
<doc id="9646203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646203" title="Scouting and Guiding in Saint Kitts and Nevis">
Scouting and Guiding in Saint Kitts and Nevis

The Scout and Guide movement in Saint Kitts and Nevis is served by

</doc>
<doc id="9646204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646204" title="Master of Business Informatics">
Master of Business Informatics

Master of Business Informatics (MBI) is a postgraduate degree in Business Informatics (BI). BI programs combine information technology (IT) and management courses and are common in central Europe.
The first master programs in Business Informatics were offered by the University of Rostock, as a face-to-face program, and by the Virtual Global University (VGU) together with the European University Viadrina Frankfurt (Oder) as an online program (see virtual education).
An MBI programme, which includes inter-cultural studies impacting on business operations in European markets, was first offered by Dublin City University. Within the Bologna process, many Central European universities have been, or are in the process of, setting up master programmes in Business Informatics. Due to legal frameworks and restrictions, however, most of these programs are forced to award an M.Sc. degree instead of an MBI degree.
Example.
A typical MBI program is the VGU's "International Master of Business Informatics" program in Germany. Since this program was set up and accredited in accordance with nation-wide guidelines for content and structure, it reflects well the state-of-the-art of Business Informatics master programs. If studied full-time, the MBI program is a four-semester program and can be composed of courses from the following areas of study.
Another typical MBI program is the MIAGE (Méthodes Informatiques Appliquées à la Gestion des Entreprises) program in France, for example the Grenoble MIAGE or Nanterre La Défense MIAGE .
Typical areas of study.
Courses may include topics like applied computer science, computer networks and Internet technology, website engineering, programming, or information security.
Courses may focus on information systems development, database management, information systems architectures, business intelligence, or business process modelling.
Management oriented topics may be studied in courses on management information systems, information management, management control, knowledge management, management and organization of IT departments, or software engineering management.
Important application domains of Business Informatics may be investigated in courses like enterprise resource planning, e-commerce and e-business networking, industrial information systems, or electronic finance/electronic banking.
Typical positions for MBI graduates.
Graduates in Business Informatics can fill positions like information manager, systems analyst, systems designer, project manager, business solutions developer, IS specialist, consultant in areas like enterprise resource planning, supply chain management, customer relationship management, or knowledge management.

</doc>
<doc id="9646207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646207" title="Cao Yang">
Cao Yang

Cao Yang (; born 15 December 1981 in Tianjin) is a Chinese international football player who currently plays as a versatile defender or midfielder for Tianjin Teda FC in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Cao Yang began his career graduating through the Tianjin Teda youth system eventually joining the senior team when he made his league debut on September 17, 2000 against Yunnan Hongta F.C. in a 2-1 defeat. The following season he would further progress within the Tianjin Teda team by playing in ten league games for them. A versatile defender with good offensive and defensive ability who could also play in midfield as well as being physically tall, saw Cao firmly establish himself within as a permanent fixture within the Tianjin team by the end of the 2002 league season.
A regular for the club for several seasons he was named as the reserve captain behind Wang Xiao. In the 2008 Chinese Super League season Tianjin Teda where to have one of their most productive seasons when they finished the league fourth and were allowed the chance to play in the AFC Champions League. During their debut appearance in the AFC Champions League Cao Yang had the honor to be named as their captain against Kawasaki Frontale.
International career.
Cao Yang began his international career playing for the Chinese U-23 team where he was named in the squad to play in the Football at the 2002 Asian Games and saw China knocked out in the Quarter-finals. His performance in the tournament was considered good enough for him to be promoted to the senior team by the Chinese caretaker coach Shen Xiangfu on December 7, 2002 in a friendly game against Syria in a 3-1 victory. With Zhu Guanghu as the national teams coach Cao's international career would start to see him become a regular within the team and he was included in the squad that won the 2005 East Asian Football Championship as well as also being in the squad that took part in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.
Honours.
Club.
Tianjin Teda FC

</doc>
<doc id="9646208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646208" title="Marzieh Hadidchi">
Marzieh Hadidchi

Marzieh Hadidchi (Marzieh Dabbaq and Tahere Dabagh) () (Born: May 1939, Hamedan ) is an Iranian Islamist activist, former political prisoner, military commander in Iraq-Iran war, representative of Hamedan in the Iranian parliament (the First, the Second, and the Fifth Majles) and a politician.
Early Activity.
She started her political activities with the Ayatollah Mohammad reza Saidi circle. She was arrested by SAVAK in 1972 and severely tortured. SAVAK also arrested and tortured her fourteen-year-old daughter (Rezvaneh Mirza Dabagh).
She escaped prison by Mohammad montazeri's efforts and went to London with a fake passport and after 6 months she moved to Lebanon, where she learned military tactics under supervision of Mostafa Chamran. She accompanied Ayatollah Khomeini during his exile in Paris.
After revolution.
After the revolution, she became the chief of Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps in Hamedan. She was one of the three messengers of Ayatollah Khomeini to Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in 1988.
She has been the representative of Parliament of Iran for three terms.
She has headed The Association of the Women of the Islamic Republic since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9646236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646236" title="Ji Mingyi">
Ji Mingyi

Ji Mingyi (; born December 15, 1980 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a former Chinese international footballer who spent the majority of his career with Dalian Shide where he won four league titles and two Chinese FA Cups.
Club career.
Ji Mingyi started his career with Dalian Shide in 1999 where he quickly made an impact within the team establishing himself with 21 appearances in his first season. Injecting fresh blood into the dominate Dalian team, during his career with Dalian he won four league titles and two Chinese FA Cups. After nine seasons with Dalian where he was eventually named captain he transferred to the newly promoted Chengdu Blades. At his new club he would immediately establish himself as vital player within the team for the next two seasons until at the end of the 2009 Chinese Super League campaign it was discovered that the club had fixed a game during their promotion to the Chinese Super League and were subsequently relegated as punishment. With the club unable to hold on to Ji Mingyi there was speculation that he would join Korean K League side Jeju United FC, however this fell through and he decided to retire from the game.
International career.
After his impressive performances with Dalian he was named in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup where he was selected as back up for Zhang Yaokun and Zheng Zhi in central defence as China came runners-up within the tournament. Throughout Ji Mingyi international career he has continued to be a reserve choice in defence, the following 2007 AFC Asian Cup he was again selected in the squad however did not play any games.
Career statistics.
Last update: 1 Jan 2012
Honours.
Dalian Shide

</doc>
<doc id="9646241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646241" title="Görece">
Görece

Görece is a village in the Menderes district of Izmir Province, Turkey. It is known for its production of nazars (evil eye stones).
Today, the real eye beads are produced only in Görece and Kurudere (Kemalpaşa) villages near Izmir by a handful of craftsmen, who have devoted their lives to this art. The 3000 years old antique Mediterranean glass art lives in these eye bead furnaces with its every detail.The roots of the very few glass masters who still practise this age-old tradition goes back to the Arabian artisans, who have settled in Izmir and its towns during the decline of the Ottoman Empire by the end of 19th century. The glass art that has lost its glamour in Anatolia, combining with the eye sign, was relived. The masters who practised their arts at Araphan and Kemeraltı, districts of İzmir, were exiled due to the smoke emissions from their furnaces and fire risks to the neighbourhood.

</doc>
<doc id="9646247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646247" title="Eric's Club">
Eric's Club

Eric's Club was a music club in Liverpool, England. It opened on October 1, 1976 in a building basement on Mathew Street opposite The Cavern Club where The Beatles and other bands of the 1960s played, and became notable for hosting early performances by many punk and post-punk bands.
The club was started by Roger Eagle and Ken Testi (manager of cult Liverpool band Deaf School) and joined later by Pete Fulwell (owner of a small record label "Inevitable" and later to become manager of Liverpool bands It's Immaterial and The Christians). The club was given the name 'Eric's' by Ken Testi as an antidote to disco clubs with names such as 'Tiffany's' and 'Samantha's'
Music.
The club played host to many local, national and international bands primarily within the music sub-cultures of the time, such as Elvis Costello, Buzzcocks, The Clash, Joy Division, Ramones, Sex Pistols, Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Slits, The Stranglers, Ultravox, Wire, XTC, X-Ray Spex and early gigs by U2, New Order, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and Mick Hucknall (pre Simply Red).
The club acted as a catalyst for local musicians (often also from the Runcorn, Southport, Skelmersdale, Wirral areas) and saw many local artists later become successful acts, including Dead or Alive, Echo & the Bunnymen, Julian Cope, The Teardrop Explodes, Ellery Bop and Wah! Heat.
Eric's was a membership only venue whereby members had to buy a yearly membership to enter the club. One of the more beneficial ideas was to provide membership for 'under 18's', which allowed younger music fans to see both local and national bands during a 'matinee' show they would more often than not have had a chance to see. It could be argued that this was merely a marketing ploy or revenue generating exercise, but this encouraged more prominent national bands and artists to visit Liverpool and helped provide a social networking venue for some of the city's future musical artists.
Closing.
The club lasted until March 1980 when the club was raided by police for drug offences. The final acts that night where The Psychedelic Furs supported by Wah! Heat. Wah! Heat's performance was recorded for a John Peel session, and the poem "The Last Night of Erics (A small opera in the making)" was penned by Rob Jones. Later the club reopened as "Bradys", to last some 12 months before closing.
Current status.
The original venue building was until mid-2011 (see below) part of the local 'trendy' orientated bar/club culture playing contemporary pop/dance music and is still on Mathew Street which has an annual festival to promote Liverpool music. Visitors to Liverpool maybe interested to know that the club's main members entrance was situated below (though slightly to the right) of the well known Beatles Mural sculpture on Mathew Street which is featured on the wall, opposite the current Cavern club.
In October 2011, a new venue called ‘Erics Live’ was opened by a local Liverpool business person. Although occupying the same location, the new owner and venue have no connection with the original club. The venture, and use of the name and logo, has been condemned by a founding owner and many members of the original club, and has since closed.
Eric's The Musical.
A musical written by Mark Davies Markham (Liverpool born author of West End hit Taboo) and directed by Jamie Lloyd which ran at The Liverpool Everyman Theatre in September 2008.Although the show was well received and loved by Liverpool audiences and fans of the Eric's club, some reviewers felt 'you probably had to be there'
Cast Included
Graham Bickley as Joe 
Peter Caulfield as Holly Johnson, Ian McCulloch and Joe Strummer.
Rosalie Craig as Sally
Katy Dean as Karen
Sam Donovan as Pete Wylie
Stuart Ellis as Pete Burns
Stephen Fletcher as Joey
Oliver Jackson as Julian Cope
Ciaran Kellgren as Colin
Dean Kelly as Dr Fisher
Mark Moraghan as Reg/Will Sergeant
Lesley Nicol as Eileen/Hilary the Punk Milkmaid
James Rigby as Boxhead
Iris Roberts as Jayne Casey.
Choreography: Ann Yee
Music Director: Alan Williams
Designer: Soutra Gilmour
Sound Designer: Chris Full
Lighting Designer: Jon Clark.
Eric's the Photographs.
Italian born rock photographer Francesco Mellina photographed the music scene in Liverpool from 1978 to 1982. He was a regular contributor to music magazines such as NME, the Face and Smash Hits during this period. He temporally stopped taking photographs professionally when he became the manager of Nightmares in Wax who later became Dead or Alive and to set up Black Eye Records. His collection has remained unseen for 30 years when in July 2008 he agreed to publish his work. His work was used in the publicity for Eric's The Musical.
A major exhibition of his work took place from May to August at the National Conservation Centre in Liverpool.
Eric's The Book : All The Best Clubs Are Downstairs, Everyone Knows That.
A book consisting of extensive interviews and research of the club and its history, was published in April 2009. The book was researched and written by Paul Whelan and Jaki Florek and contains many interviews with the people involved in the club and a large amount of previously unpublished material from the time. It is published by Feeedback.

</doc>
<doc id="9646250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646250" title="WPON">
WPON

WPON (1460 AM) is a radio station in the Detroit market, broadcasting from a 6-tower array in Walled Lake, Michigan. WPON was founded in September 1954, with studios in Pontiac, Michigan, and towers located at the corner of Square Lake Road and Telegraph Road in neighboring Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
The station was owned for many years by Chief Pontiac Broadcasting, broadcasting such formats as top-40 and Country music. Broadcasting at 1000 watts omnidirectional, the station covered the majority of Oakland County. The station was sold in 1986 to Algis Zaparakis, who in turn sold the land containing the tower array in Bloomfield Hills to developers, and moved the tower array to a swamp near Wolverine Lake in Walled Lake, Michigan. The move forced WPON to change its power to 1000 watts directional daytime, and 760 watts directional nighttime. This change in power saw many of WPON's listeners unable to pick up the station's signal in much of its former coverage area. The format was changed to ethnic in 1986, and stayed this way until the station was purchased in 1995 by Foreign Radio Programs, Inc. Under the leadership of station manager Marie Fotion, WPON started a semi-successful "Talk and Oldies" brokered radio format in 1997, specializing in hard-to-find oldies from the 1950s through the early 1970s. More recently the station also began airing pre-rock "traditional" pop/nostalgia hits from the early and mid-1950s mixed in with the rock and roll oldies, possibly to appease fans of CKWW, a former adult standards station which now also plays rock oldies.
WPON was again sold in 2003 to Birach Broadcasting Corporation, who closed the old Bloomfield Hills studios and moved operations to Birach headquarters located in the Town Center Plaza in Southfield, Michigan. WPON is streaming their "Talk and Rare Oldies" format live through their website.
The station is currently off the air. A new transmitter site in Milford Township, Michigan is proposed for both WPON and WCXI.
Shows, hosts and D.J.s.
Through the years, WPON was home for many of to metro-Detroit area's finest on-air talent, aspiring and seasoned alike.
For many years, "Crazy Al" (Allyn Schmitz) hosted the morning show "Crazy Al's Radio Party" along with Larry Matthews and others. The program saw a variety of guests from the community as well as moderately popular "oldies" musicians. Crazy Al, known for his wildly over-the-top personality brought rare oldies and talk to the community until Al and the gang left WPON in May 2004, shortly after the sale of the station to Birach Broadcasting Corporation. Al continues broadcasting his show via 
Travel aficionado, Michael Dwyer hosted weekly radio program "Travel and Adventure" for many years. Dwyer, a freelance travel columnist in Detroit, brought his love for traveling to the airwaves of WPON. Dwyer also worked as a board operator, and like many others, left the station shortly after being sold. Dwyer, along with Jimmy James, and Ted Eberly were said to have left WPON in July 2004 because an agreement could not be reached between them and new owner Birach Broadcasting.
WPON is widely known throughout Detroit's large Indian American and Desi population. It has many shows featuring Hindi and other Indian language songs in the superhit Rockin' Raaga hosted by Anu, Geetmala and Voice of Pakistan.
Programming shifted to WCXI.
On October 2010, WPON went silent so the station could make improvements to its broadcast signal. Programming has been shifted to co-owned WCXI in Fenton broadcasting from the WPON studio and still streaming from the WPON web site. Birach plans to eventually relocate WPON and WCXI to the same broadcast tower near Wixom, Michigan, a few miles west of the old WPON site (which has been razed). Both WPON and WCXI have been issued construction permits for new facilities from the new site, WCXI for 15,000 watts days and 1,000 watts nights, and WPON for 670 watts days and 175 watts nights. 
As of April 2012, WPON is still silent and programming is still being carried over WCXI and the WPON Internet stream.

</doc>
<doc id="9646252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646252" title="Tuesday Rendezvous">
Tuesday Rendezvous

Tuesday Rendezvous was a British children's television show which was transmitted on Tuesdays (obviously) and Fridays (oddly). 
History.
Howard Williams (replaced by Wally Whyton), Muriel Young and Bert Weedon (the famous guitarist) presented the show between 1961 and 1963, assisted by glove puppets Pussy Cat Willum (devised and animated by Janet Nicholls) and Fred Barker (created by Wally Whyton of skiffle band, The Vipers). 
"Tuesday Rendezvous" evolved from "Small Time" (1955) and "Lucky Dip" (1958) and eventually evolved into "The Five O'Clock Club" in 1963 - by which time another puppet had joined the show - this time a Liverpudlian owl, called Ollie Beak.
The show provided The Beatles with their first London TV appearance. On 4 December 1962 the group appeared on the show miming to "Love Me Do" and "P.S. I Love You". They appeared on the show again in April 1963 - This time miming to "From Me To You" and "Please Please Me".
Cast.
Howard Williams
Wally Whyton
Muriel Young
Bert Weedon
Pussy Cat Willum
Ollie Beak
Fred Barker
The Echoes

</doc>
<doc id="9646253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646253" title="Derek Gardner">
Derek Gardner

Derek George Montague Gardner (13 February 1914 – 11 February 2007) is best known as an English painter. After a career as a civil engineer before and after serving in the Royal Navy in the Second World War, he became widely recognised as one of the leading English painters of marine subjects.
Early life.
Gardner was born in Buckinghamshire. His father was a civil engineer who worked for the Great Central Railway in the docks at Grimsby and became chief engineer of the Port of Glasgow in 1928, and Gardner developed a love of ships.
He was educated at Oundle School, where he won a prize for his drawing. He left school in 1931, and trained as a civil engineer in Glasgow with the London Midland & Scottish Railway. He later joined Sir William Arrol & Co. He joined the RNVR as a 20-year-old midshipman, and took up painting watercolours of warships. He became a docks engineer at North Shields in 1938.
Second World War.
Gardner was called up in August 1939, shortly after the Second World War broke out, and served as anti-submarine officer on the Royal Navy destroyer HMS "Broke". His ship escorted convoys in the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans, and was then posted to the Mediterranean to support the Operation Torch landings in North Africa.
He joined Operation Terminal, the storming of Algiers harbour in November 1942. The destroyers HMS "Broke" and HMS "Malcolm" were tasked with securing the port facilities and power station at Algiers. "Malcolm" came under fire and was forced to withdraw with engine damage, but "Broke" rammed through a boom protecting the harbour and disembarked its shore party. "Broke" then also came under heavy fire from Vichy French forces and was forced to withdraw. "Broke" sank the next day while heading for Gibraltar. Her crew, including Gardner, were rescued by the destroyer HMS "Zetland" and returned to Algiers, now captured by the Allies, before returning to England on a Dutch liner. The convoy was attacked by a submarine: the escort carrier immediately ahead, , was torpedoed and sank. Gardner had been injured in Algiers, and was rendered deaf in one ear. He was later mentioned in dispatches for his actions.
He joined the destroyer HMS "Highlander" in 1943, serving again in the Atlantic, but his deafness then forced him to serve on land rather than at sea. He was promoted to lieutenant commander and served on the staff of Admiral Sir Max Horton, commander of the Western Approaches based in Liverpool. By the end of the war, he was an acting commander, serving as Assistant Chief Staff Officer Ceylon, based in Colombo. He was demobilised in 1946.
He was awarded the Volunteer Reserve Decoration (VRD).
Post-war career.
Gardner joined the Colonial Service after the war, serving in Kenya from 1951. He met his wife, Mary, at a dance in Mombasa. He then worked as an engineer in west Kenya, living in Kisumu beside Lake Victoria, before moving to Nakuru, where he painted oils, watercolours and pastels of local scenes, such as flamingos on a nearby soda lake.
He caught tick typhus, and became deaf in both ears. He returned to England with his family in 1963, and retired to Dorset. He turned to painting maritime subjects. His detailed paintings found a ready market, and he held several exhibitions in London. He is best known for his paintings of warships from the Napoleonic Wars, and paintings of clippers from later in the 19th century.
An exhibition of his work at Messum's gallery in Mayfair in October 2005, the bicentenary of the Battle of Trafalgar, included paintings of every ship in which Nelson had served. A book of the paintings, "Nelson's Ships: A Trafalgar Tribute".
He was a Fellow of the Institution of Civil Engineers, and also a member of the Royal Society of Marine Artists.
He was survived by his wife, and their son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9646258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646258" title="Sun Ji (footballer)">
Sun Ji (footballer)

Sun Ji (; born January 15, 1982 in Shanghai) is a former Chinese international football player who played as a defender for Shanghai Shenhua along with his identical twin brother and also fellow international footballer Sun Xiang before leaving the club to join Hangzhou Greentown where he ended his career.
Club career.
Shanghai.
Sun Ji and his identical twin brother Sun Xiang both began their football career playing for Shanghai Cable 02 before the club were taken over by Shanghai Shenhua. They would both graduate to the senior team at the beginning of the 2002 league season and they would both quickly establish themselves as important members within the squad. Sun Ji would personally play in 26 league games and score 2 goals for the team. The following season was to see Sun Ji further establish himself within the team and even help them win the 2003 league title. Unfortunately in 2013 the Chinese Football Association would revoke the league title after it was discovered the Shenhua General manager Lou Shifang had bribed officials to be bias to Shenhua in games that season. Sun Ji continued to be a vital part of the Shanghai team for several more seasons and he attracted attention from Eredivisie champions PSV Eindhoven who invited him and his twin brother, Sun Xiang on trial in November, 2006. PSV coach Ronald Koeman was not satisfied by their performances and did not accept either Sun brother to the PSV team. However, Koeman did not find a satisfactory replacement for left-back over the winter transfer window, so PSV recalled Sun Xiang. Sun Ji returned to Shanghai Shenhua where he continued to be major part of their team.
Hangzhou Greentown.
It was confirmed on the website of Shanghai Shenhua that he completed the transfer to Hangzhou Greentown on February 12, 2010. His move would reunite him with his former Shanghai Shenhua manager Wu Jingui and he would quickly establish himself as a vital member within the team as well as also aiding his new club to their best ever finish of fourth and a chance to play in the AFC Champions League for the first time. Due to spinal injury he retired from playing in 2013.
International career.
Sun Ji would make his international debut on February 2, 2007 against Kazakhstan in a friendly game in preparation for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup, which China won 2-1. While he wasn't called up to the Asian Cup squad he would make another appearance for China against Mexico on April 16, 2008 in a 1-0 friendly defeat. This was followed by another friendly on April 23, 2008 against El Salvador in a 2-2 draw.
Honours.
Shanghai Shenhua

</doc>
<doc id="9646263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646263" title="Wang Sheng (footballer)">
Wang Sheng (footballer)

Wang Sheng (Chinese:王圣 born May 1, 1981) is a Chinese international footballer who plays as a defender .
Club career.
Wang Sheng began his career with top tier side Dalian Shide in 1999 where he made eight appearances in his debut season and by the following season he would further increase his appearances with 12 games to establish himself as a regular within the team. During his time with Dalian he spent nine seasons with them seeing them win four league titles and two Chinese FA Cups. He would transfer to Wuhan Guanggu in the 2008 season which turned out to be a disappointment when Wuhan spent the entire season fighting relegation and even quitting the CSL for unfair punishment after the clubs management did not accept the punishment given to them by the Chinese Football Association after a scuffle broke out during a league game against Beijing Guoan on September 27, 2008. Unable to play any football Wang Sheng would rejoin his old club Dalian Shide on loan from Wuhan for the whole of the 2009 league season. In the 2010 league season he returned to Wuhan with the reformed club Hubei Greenery. After being released by the Hubei club, he moved to China League Two club Fushun Xinye Hanking for the 2011 season.
International career.
Despite being a regular for one of the most dominant teams in the Chinese League Wang Sheng would have to wait until February 7, 2007 when he played in a friendly against Kazakhstan in a 2-1 win. This was his only appearance for his country.
Honours.
Dalian Shide

</doc>
<doc id="9646267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646267" title="Mark N. Atkinson">
Mark N. Atkinson

Mark Neville Atkinson (born 11 February 1969, in Sydney, New South Wales) is a former Australian cricket player, who played for Tasmania. He played for the Tigers from 1990 until 2000, and was a regular feature in both their first class and one-day sides.
Mark Atkinson is a current cricket coach and former first-class player, representing Tasmania, the Prime Ministers XI and Australia ‘A’ teams in a successful 10 year career throughout the 1990s and early 2000s.
Atkinson was a cornerstone player in an excellent era for Tasmanian and Australian cricket, serving as the Tigers’ wicketkeeper-batsman throughout. In a team that featured record-breaking players like Ricky Ponting, Colin Miller, Dene Hills, Jamie Cox and Michael DiVenuto, Atkinson's first-class record rendered him unlucky not to receive full Test honours. Nevertheless, Atkinson carved a fine reputation as an outstanding gloveman and consistent batsman and went on to play in multiple Sheffield Shield finals. He currently holds the record for the most dismissals by a Tasmanian wicketkeeper.
Through both playing and now coaching, Atkinson’s involvement in cricket spans from grassroots through to the elite level. Today, he is founder and Managing Director of Elite Cricket, a cricket coaching venture that services players of all skill-levels in Sydney and its surrounds. His insight and coaching methods have seen him sought out for private sessions with current and former Test cricketers and professionals alike.

</doc>
<doc id="9646273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646273" title="Xin Feng">
Xin Feng

Xin Feng (; born 27 May 1978 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender for Jiangxi Liansheng.
Club career.
Xin Feng started his professional football career for second tier side Shanghai Pudong before he switched to top tier side Shanghai Shenhua and broke into the their team during the 1998 league season when he made four league appearances in his debut season. Xin would also be included in the squad that won the 1998 Chinese FA Cup and by the following season he would start to establish himself as a regular within the team by making thirteen league appearances. After several seasons he would move to Shenzhen Jianlibao where he rose to prominence as a defender and would win the 2004 China Super League title with an unfancied Shenzhen team. During the ACL 2005 game against Suwon Samsung Bluewings he would achieve his personal highlight when he scored with a fierce close shot from a cross to seal Shenzhen's place in the quarter-finals. After five seasons with Shenzhen he would transfer back to his first team Shanghai Pudong, who had moved to Xi'an, Shaanxi and renamed themselves Shaanxi Chanba). For the next several seasons he would go on to be a vital member of the team, however nearing the end of his career the club would allow Xin to leave for free to Shanghai Shenhua.
International career.
Xin Feng would have to wait until February 7, 2007 before he made his international debut against Kazakhstan in a 2-1 victory in preparation for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. Unable to make the squad he was given another chance to prove himself by the new Chinese Head coach Vladimir Petrović in a friendly against Mexico in a 1-0 defeat on April 16, 2008. Unable to recapture his club form for his country, Xin would only play once more for the senior team.
Honours.
Shanghai Shenhua
Shenzhen Shangqingyin

</doc>
<doc id="9646275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646275" title="Julian Gardner">
Julian Gardner

Julian Gardner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9646287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646287" title="Hammer of the Honky Tonk Gods">
Hammer of the Honky Tonk Gods

On this album, Bill Kirchen treads where country music finds its origins in blues and bluegrass, and in the Western Swing of Texas and California honky tonks.
He is joined by Nick Lowe, Austin de Lone and The Impossible Birds (Geraint Watkins, Robert Trehern), and their influence is very much in evidence. The title track is a loving tribute to the Fender Telecaster guitar, Kirchen's guitar of choice.
Trivia.
In his live show, Kirchen has referred to track 11 ("If It's Really Got To Be This Way") as a "secret bonus track" that is fully listed on the CD, and only the audience of his live show knows the "secret" that it's actually a bonus track, not a regular track.

</doc>
<doc id="9646292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646292" title="Zhang Yaokun">
Zhang Yaokun

Zhang Yaokun (; born 17 April 1981) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Zhang Yaokun started his professional career in 1998 with Dalian Shide, however due to an ankle fracture he struggled to establish himself within the team and it was only once he overcame his long term injury did he start to become a regular. He later became an integral member of the defense and helped Dalian in their dominance within Chinese football by winning the league titles in the 2001 season and the 2002 season as well as the Chinese FA Cup in 2001. After Dalian had a disappointing 2004 season, Vladimir Petrović came in as the new manager and would loan out Zhang to Sichuan Guancheng during the 2005 season where he quickly established himself as a key member of the team where they finished ninth. He returned to Dalian the following season where he continued to be a key member of the squad and would go on to become their captain.
On 18 December 2012, Zhang transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Guangzhou R&F. He made his debut for the club in a 4-2 loss to Liaoning Whowin on 9 March 2013.
International career.
After his impressive displays for Dalian Shide, Zhang was called up to the Chinese national team for the 2004 AFC Asian Cup where he made several appearances coming on as a substitute and playing in numerous positions in defence. He continue to be a regular member of the team that qualified for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup and during the tournament, he and Li Weifeng were the first choice centre-back pairing. After the unsuccessful tournament, the new manager Vladimir Petrovic decided to play Zhang at right-back, preferring him there.
Honours.
Club.
Dalian Shide

</doc>
<doc id="9646296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646296" title="Du Zhenyu">
Du Zhenyu

Du Zhenyu (; born February 10, 1983 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese international footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Tianjin Teda in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Du Zhenyu started his career in 2001 with Changchun Yatai, where in his first season he made eighteen appearances scoring five goals. Since 2003, he gradually become a team regular for Changchun Yatai until the 2005 league season saw him establish himself within as a first-team regular where he helped play a significant part in the promotion of Changchun Yatai into the Chinese Super League by helping Changchun come second in the second tier league. With Changchun now in the top tier, Du Zhenyu found it relatively easy to translate his prolific goalscoring record from midfield by scoring seven league goals and helping Changchun to fourth in the league.
The 2007 league season was to prove the most successful for Du Zhenyu as he played a significant part in the title-winning Changchun Yatai team, subsequently winning the Footballer of the Year award in the process. The following season saw Changchun play in the AFC Champions League; however, despite scoring several goals and a winning start against Bình Dương F.C., Changchun were unable to get out of the group stages. The 2008 league season wasn't to prove much more successful as Changchun ended the season in sixth; however, Du Zhenyu still continued his prolific goalscoring form by scoring ten league goals.
At the beginning of the 2012 Chinese Super League season, Du lost favour within the team to Liu Weidong, which soon saw him decide to move to Tianjin Teda on loan, where he made his debut on July 14, 2012, against Qingdao Jonoon in a league game that ended in a 0-0 draw. After that game, he quickly established himself as a regular within the team and on July 28, 2012, he scored his first goal for the club in a league game against Beijing Guoan in a 2–1 victory. His productive time at Tianjin was, however halted when he was fined 35,000 yuan and banned for 7 games for pushing and abusing a referee after being sent off for two bookable offences on October 27, 2012 in a league game against Guizhou Renhe. Despite his suspension carrying on to the following season, Tianjin decided to make his move permanent before the start of the 2013 Chinese Super League.
International career.
Due to his impressive performances in the league at the beginning of the 2006 league season he was brought into the senior national team. He would make his debut in a friendly match against Thailand on August 10, 2006 in a 4-0 win where he also scored his first goal.
Honours.
Changchun Yatai

</doc>
<doc id="9646297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646297" title="Marshall Claxton">
Marshall Claxton

Marshall Claxton (12 May 1811 – 28 July 1881) was an English subject, genre, landscape and portrait painter.
Life.
Claxton was born in Bolton, Lancashire, the son of a Wesleyan Methodist minister, the Rev. Marshall Claxton, and his wife Diana. Marshall studied under John Jackson, R.A., and at the Royal Academy school where he enrolled on 26 April 1831.
He had his first picture in the Royal Academy in 1832, a portrait of his father. In subsequent years about 30 of his pictures were shown at Academy exhibitions. In 1834 he was awarded the first medal in the painting school, and obtained the gold medal of the Society of Arts in 1835 for his portrait of Sir Astley Cooper. From 1837 to 1842 he worked in Italy and then returned to London, gaining a prize of £100 for his "Alfred the Great in the Camp of the Danes".
In 1850 Claxton went to Sydney, Australia, with a large collection of pictures, but had little success in selling them. While in Sydney he painted a large picture, "Suffer little children to come unto me", a commission from the Baroness Burdett-Coutts. This was described in "Household Words" as 'the first important picture' painted in Australia.
In September 1854 Claxton left Sydney for Calcutta, where he sold several of his pictures. He returned to England in 1858 via Egypt and died in London after a long illness on 28 July 1881.
He married and had two daughters, Adelaide and Florence Claxton, both of whom were artists and represented in Royal Academy exhibitions between 1859 and 1867.
Claxton's "General View of the Harbour and City of Sydney" is in the Royal collection in England, and there are two pictures by him in the Dickinson collection in the Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney. His portraits of Bishop William Broughton and Dean Cowper are at St. Paul's College, University of Sydney, and that of the Rev. Robert Forrest in The King's School, Parramatta. His Godiva painting is in the Herbert Art Gallery and he also has work at Derby Art Gallery and the Victoria and Albert Museum. He was also known for his depictions of Wesleyan and Methodist subjects, made popular as prints.

</doc>
<doc id="9646304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646304" title="Ensar Arifović">
Ensar Arifović

Ensar Arifović (born July 21, 1980 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian footballer striker who plays for Flota Świnoujście.
Career.
Club.
In February 2010, he joined Flota Świnoujście.
In July 2011, he moved to Arka Gdynia on one-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="9646307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646307" title="Jiang Kun">
Jiang Kun

Jiang Kun (; born 2 August 1978 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a Chinese professional footballer currently playing for the Shanghai Shenhia in the Chinese Super League. He has also been capped four times by China.
Club career.
Bayi Football Team.
Jiang Kun started his professional football career in 1997 with Bayi Football Team (who were named August 1 Zhenbang at the time) after graduating from their youth team. He would gradually establish himself as a regular within the team and help them receive promotion to the top tier in the 2000 league season. At the end of the 2003 league season Bayi Football Team disbanded and Jiang Kun was free to transfer to any other club.
Sichuan Guancheng.
Jiang Kun would decide to joined another top tier club Sichuan Guancheng at the beginning of 2004 Chinese Super League season. He would have a solid start to his Sichuan career when he was immediately named as a first choice regular and would even score his first goal by the third league game against Shanghai Shenhua on May 26, 2004 in 1-1 draw. Results were not kind to Sichuan and he found himself increasingly dropped from the team and by the end of the season he would only play in ten league games.
Shanghai United F.C. and Shenhua.
In the 2005 Chinese Super League season he moved to the newly promoted Shanghai United F.C. to gain more playing time, which he achieved by having a successful spell as a regular member of the team. In the 2007 season Shanghai United F.C. was dissolved to allow them to join neighbouring Super League team Shanghai Shenhua, allowing both teams to merge. All the players from Shanghai United F.C. would move to Shanghai Shenhua and despite the inflamed squad Jiang Kun was one of the few consistent first choice players within the team. This continued the following season, however despite the significantly reduced squad by the beginning of the 2009 league season he was loaned out to Henan Construction. He played 27 league games and scored 1 goal in Season 2009.
International career.
In 2006 his impressive displays for Shanghai United F.C. brought a call to the senior national team and he would make his debut on June 7, 2006 in a friendly against France in a 3-1 defeat coming on as a late substitute for Zhao Junzhe. In preparation for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup he would make several further friendly appearances, however the Chinese Head coach Zhu Guanghu decided that his performances were not good enough to be included in the squad to go to the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9646308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646308" title="VGU">
VGU

VGU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9646312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646312" title="Tao Wei (born 1978)">
Tao Wei (born 1978)

Tao Wei (; born March 11, 1978) is a Chinese football player who has spent his entire professional career with Beijing Guoan. A left footed central midfield player he has also represented his country at international level.
Club career.
A highly promising left-back Tao Wei would quickly be included in the short-lived Chinese national youth team program to study football abroad that was sponsored by Jianlibao. After spending several years studying in Russia and Brazil he would eventually graduate from the program and begin his career in 1998 when he made 8 appearances for Beijing Guoan in his debut season. The following season he would permanently appear in midfield and make a further 22 league appearances to establish himself as a regular member of the team. Since his establishment within the team he has become an integral member for Beijing Guoan where he was named as vice-captain in Beijings debut season in the 2008 AFC Champions League season. Tao Wei would lead Beijing Guoan out in their first game against Nam Dinh on March 12, 2008 due to the absence of the captain Yang Pu which Beijing won 3-1. Despite the win Beijing were unable to have a successful league or cup campaign and Wang Ke as well as Zhang Xinxin were brought in the following season to replace Tao Wei in the Beijing midfield, however while Tao Wei often spent much of his time on the bench he was able to re-establish himself within the team and help Beijing win the 2009 league title. Once he had won the league title he would be offered an assistant coach position at the club.
International career.
Tao Wei would have to wait until January 27, 2004 until he was included in the senior Chinese team to face Macedonia in a friendly that ended in a 0-0 draw. In preparation for the 2004 AFC Asian Cup he would play in numerous friendlies, however head coach Arie Haan preferred the potential of Zhou Haibin and the experience of Li Ming to take to the tournament. Tao Wei would have to wait until Zhu Guanghu became head coach until he was given his second chance to establish himself in the senior team and while he played a significant part in the qualification for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup even scoring his debut goal against Iraq he was not included in the squad that took part in the tournament where this time Shao Jiayi was preferred in midfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9646319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646319" title="Les Poppys">
Les Poppys

Les Poppys is a French musical group of 17 children founded 1946 in Asnières, France by Jean Amoureux as "Les Petits Chanteurs d'Asnières" and renamed to "Les Poppys" in 1970. Francois Bernheim, former singer of the group Les Roche-Martin and artistic director for the record company Barclay, discovered the singers in 1970 and decided to create a group called "Les Poppys", named after the word 'Pop Music'.
Les Poppys originated from the Hippie movement and made songs against the Vietnam War. Seventeen boys from the choir were then selected and recorded their first single: 'Noel 70'. The success came very quickly and 600,000 copies were sold. This first single was then followed by other hits during the 70's: 'Isabelle, je t'aime' (500,000 copies sold). The most successful chanson was "Non, non, rien n'a changé", for which Bruno Polius was the lead solo singer, and which sold 1,200,000 copies and was a number one hit in The Netherlands and stayed in the Dutch Top 40 for 25 weeks.
Les Poppys became the first child stars in French music history and were quickly invited by other countries to sing in galas, concerts and TV shows. In The Netherlands and in Germany, they even sold more records than the Beatles. In 4 years, Les Poppys sold more than 5 million records and produced four albums and 20 singles from 1970 to 1977. Their success inspired the New Poppys and other groups such as Mercredi Libre from members of "Les Petits Chanteurs D'Asiniers".
The small singers of Asnières, as they were, consisted of the first generation of Poppys: Bruno Polius, Harry Trowbridge, Philippe and Gabriel Képéklian, Thierry and Philippe Sellier, Philippe and Jean-Pierre Herman, Philippe Magnan, Jean-Jacques Gallard, Pascal Buffenoir, Pierre Puyhardy, Olivier Dubrez, Benoit Cabane, Christophe Normand, Bernard Carayon, Olivier Antignac. Some among them left since 1971 to yield to the second generation of Poppys which included Gérald Meunier, Pascal Oubrayrie, Alain Drexler, Pascal Réali and Daniel Danglard. The group ended in 1978 but Les Petits Chanteurs d'Asnières kept on recording, making backgrounds vocals for famous singers.
They also sang in 1983 for a TV musical covering songs by ABBA called Abbacadabra. Their 2 albums made were called: "Abbacadabra" and "La Fusée de Noé". They also had a one off success with the song "Il faudra leur dire" sung with Francis Cabrel which went gold in 1987.
They have since tried a comeback firstly in the late eighties under the name The New Poppys and in 1992 as "Mercredi Libre". Although these last recordings were not commercially successful the album "La ballade des p'tits anges" has become highly praised and sought after. Although it has been suggested that the singing is better on this CD it is most likely due to the new songs included on this CD. The music to "Commandant de la Calypso", "La ballade des p'tits anges", "Je te demande pas" and other popular songs from this album was written by Francois Bernheim. The Poppys still go on tour occasionally.

</doc>
<doc id="9646326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646326" title="Wang Dong">
Wang Dong

Wang Dong (; born September 10, 1981 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a Midfielder
for China League One side Chongqing Lifan .
Club career.
Wang Dong began his professional football career in 2001 when second division side Changchun Yatai promoted him to their first team and where in his debut season he would quickly establish himself within the team by making 19 appearances and scoring 5 goals. He continued to establish himself in the sebsequent seasons and see the club become genuine promotion contenders, which they eventually achieved in 2005 when they won promoted to the Chinese Super League. Playing in the top tier Wang Dong impressed many with his scoring and passing ability and would aid the club to a fourth place finish. The Chinese Super League 2007 season would go on to be a highlight in his career as he won the title with Changchun Yatai playing a key role in central midfield.
At the beginning of the 2009 league season Wang Dong saw his playing time limited due to injury, however once he recovered he decided to go on trial for Australian team Newcastle Jets. When nothing came from the trail and with Wang Dong fully recovered he would return to China to go on to spearhead Changchun's late title challenge, which saw the club lose the title by a single point at the end of the 2009 season. With Wang Dong once again a vital member of the team he would then go on to play in the 2010 AFC Champions League where he played in five games including a 9–0 victory against Persipura Jayapura, which stands as the biggest victory any Chinese side has achieved within the competition.
0n January 2014, Wang transferred to China League One side Chongqing Lifan with a fee of ¥3,500,000.
International career.
After an impressive start to the 2006 league season with Changchun Yatai where they performed above expectations Wang Dong was selected for the senior national team by Head coach Zhu Guanghu to take part in a friendly against Honduras on February 12, 2006 in a game that China lost 1–0. This was followed by another friendly match against Thailand on August 10, 2006 where Wang Dong would score his debut goal in a 4–0 victory. After that game he would go on to be an integral part of the Chinese team playing predominately out of position in right midefield. Nevertheless Wang Dong was selected in the squad to participate in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup where he played in all the group games in an unsuccessful competition for China. He did however score two of China's five goals in a 5–1 victory over Malaysia. When new Head coach Vladimir Petrović came in after the tournament Wang Dong would continue to be a regular within the team for their Fifa World Cup qualifiers. After Vladimir Petrović's disappointing reign ended Wang Dong would stop being called up to the national team.
Honours.
Changchun Yatai

</doc>
<doc id="9646334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646334" title="Richard Soule">
Richard Soule

Richard Eric Soule (born 5 September 1966, in Launceston, Tasmania) is a former Australian cricketer, who played for Tasmania. He played for Tasmania from 1983 until 1991.
He was a talented wicket-keeper, who played well during Tasmania's dark period in the 1980s when the side struggled for any success, and was also reliable lower order batsman.

</doc>
<doc id="9646339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646339" title="Wang Xinxin">
Wang Xinxin

Wang Xinxin (; born April 27, 1981, in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese international football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Tianjin Teda F.C. in the China Super League.
Club career.
Wang Xinxin started his career with Liaoning FC, coming through their youth team and immediately established himself into the senior team in 2002 where he made twenty-five appearances and scored nine goals in his debut season. As a prolific attacking midfielder Wang would attract the interests of the reigning Chinese Super League champions Shenzhen Jianlibao, who he transferred to on loan at the beginning of the 2005 league season. At his new club he was unable to replicate the success they had from the previous season and ended the season in a disappointing twelfth. After his disappointing season with Shenzhen Jianlibao, Wang Xinxin returned to Liaoning FC where he established himself as a key member of the team for three seasons until Liaoning were relegated in the 2008 season.
Wang Xinxin would transfer to Tianjin Teda for four million yuan in the 2009 season after they gained qualification to the AFC Champions League. Within the tournament he would play in four games as Tianjin were knocked out within the group stages, however while Wang Xinxin would become at vital member within the team the club could not replicate their previous season's results and finished in a disappointing sixth at the end of the 2009 league season. This would see former Chinese coach Arie Haan come into the team and made Wang Xinxin captain of the team. This would seem to work as Tianjin would go on to become runners-up of the 2010 league season and go on to play in the 2011 AFC Champions League where Wang Xinxin lead the team in two games as they were knocked out in the last sixteen. He fared better within the 2011 Chinese FA Cup when he guided the club to a 2–1 victory against Shandong Luneng in the final.
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 8 November 2013"
International career.
After his promising start to his professional football career with Liaoning FC, Wang would quickly draw the attentions of the Chinese national football team with the newly appointed manager Arie Haan selecting him in his first squad against Syria on December 7, 2002, in a 3–1 win where he also scored his first goal for his country. After several further friendlies, he would be dropped from the team after he was unable to replicate his goalscoring form. It was only once he joined Tianjin that was he selected for the national team once again, when the new manager Gao Hongbo came in to select him for his first squad on May 29, 2009, in a game against Germany that ended in a 1–1 draw.
Honours.
Tianjin Teda

</doc>
<doc id="9646344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646344" title="Wu Weian">
Wu Weian

Wu Weian (; born September 1, 1981 in Meizhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F F.C. as a left-midfielder in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Wu Weian started his career with second tier club Guangdong Xiongying in 2002 where he established himself the following season as a team regular. However while he may have cemented himself within the team (now renaming itself Shenzhen Kejian at the start of the 2004 league season) he was unable to aid them in their promotion bid to the top tier. Tianjin Teda however were willing to take Wu Wei'an and with the chance to play in the Chinese Super League, Wu Wei'an transferred to Tianjin at the beginning of the 2005 league season. With this move Wu Wei'an would rise to prominence, quickly establishing himself as a regular within the team he would play in 26 league games and score 7 goals. The following seasons would see him become a vital member of the team that would qualify for the 2009 AFC Champions League for the first time in the clubs history, while also going on to play in five games and scoring one goal during the tournament. He would then see the club become runners-up of the 2010 league season while also seeing Tianjin finish in the last sixteen of the 2011 AFC Champions League where he played in four games and scored one goal. Despite these achievement Wu Wei'an did not win any trophies until the 2011 Chinese FA Cup where he came on as a late substitute as Tianjin won the cup 2-1 against Shandong Luneng Taishan. After the win Wu Weian had a chance to return to Guangdong with recently promoted top tier side Guangzhou R&F F.C., which he decided to take at the beginning of the 2012 league season.
International career.
Wu Weian would make his senior international debut under Zhu Guanghu on February 7, 2007 in a friendly against Kazakhstan where China won 2-1 in a preparation game several mouths before the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. Wu Weian did not make it into the squad for the tournament but China had a new manager in Vladimir Petrović who would play him against Myanmar in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification game where China won 4-0 and Wu scored his debut goal. Vladimir Petrović would try him out in several further friendlies, however after an uninspired draw against El Salvador, Wu would stop being included in any further squads. A year later Gao Hongbo would be the new Chinese manager and Wu was given another chance within the national team on June 4, 2009 against Saudi Arabia but China lost 4-1 and Wu was not included in any further teams.
Honours.
Tianjin Teda

</doc>
<doc id="9646347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646347" title="Olympic Garage">
Olympic Garage

Olympic Garage () is a 1999 Argentine drama film, directed by Marco Bechis.
The film was produced by Marco Bechis, Enrique Piñeyro (from Argentina), Amedeo Pagani (Italy), and Eric Heumann (France). Executive producers Daniel Burman and Diego Dubcovsky.
The picture is about a young politically active Argentine woman who is kidnapped by the military during Argentina's Dirty War in the late 1970s. She is taken to a torture center called "Garage Olimpo" in the middle of Buenos Aires.
Plot.
The film tells of Maria (Antonella Costa), a political activist in an Argentine organization that is fighting the oppressive military dictatorship during the Dirty War.
She also teaches reading and writing in the suburbs of Buenos Aires in a blighted area.
She lives in a decrepit rooming house with her mother Diane (Dominique Sanda), who rents out some rooms. One of the lodgers is a young man named Felix (Carlos Echevarría), who's in love with Maria, and rather shy.
Felix seems to have come from nowhere and is supposed to work as a watchman in a garage. One morning, Maria is kidnapped by a military squad in civilian clothes in front of her mother and is taken to the garage "Olimpo," one of the many well-known torture places in the middle of Buenos Aires, which operate to the general indifference of the local citizens.
As soon as Maria is captured the film's mood becomes uncomfortable and the atmosphere is minimalist.
Tigre, who's the head of the center (Enrique Piñeyro), appoints Felix, their best torturer, to make Maria talk.
Yet, Felix is overcome by his feelings for Maria, and Maria is determined to exploit the situation with Felix for her survival.
Production.
The film is based on the real political events that took place in Argentina after Jorge Rafael Videla's reactionary military "junta" assumed power on March 24, 1976. During the junta's rule: the parliament was suspended, unions, political parties and provincial governments were banned, and in what became known as the Dirty War between 9,000 and 30,000 people deemed left-wing "subversives" disappeared from society.
As the country celebrated its win of the World Cup, many political activists were tortured in Buenos Aires and then later taken on "death flights." Victims were drugged and then dropped alive into the Atlantic Ocean from military aircraft.
Chilean born director Marco Bechis was a victim of the country's military regime and was forced to leave Argentina in 1977, at the age of 20, for political reasons.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival on May 16 in the Un Certain Regard section. It opened wide in Argentina on September 2, 1999.
The film was screened at various film festivals, including: the Toronto Film Festival, Canada; the Huelva Latin American Film Festival, Spain; the Norwegian International Film Festival, Norway; the Human Rights Watch Film Festival, New York; the Amnesty International Film Festival, Netherlands; and others.
Reception.
Critical response.
Stephen Holden, film critic for "The New York Times", wrote the film is "notable on the international front...a not-for-the-squeamish film from Argentina about an opponent of the military dictatorship who is tortured in a garage in the heart of Buenos Aires."
Critic Jonathan Hollander liked the directorial lead of Marco Bechis, and wrote, ""Garage Olimpo" is the kind of valuable cultural product that symbolises political regeneration...himself a victim of the country's regime – he was forced to leave Argentina in 1977, at the age of 20, for political reasons – director Marco Bechis has the necessary moral authority to make this film."
Michael Thomson, writing for the "BBC," lauded the film and the passion of director Marco Bechis, and wrote, "It is director Marco Bechis' softly-softly approach which fills each frame with real power and leaves you in no doubt as to his commitment and passion. It is indeed no surprise to learn that this Italian-Chilean was himself snatched by the military in Buenos Aires and tortured. Yet, despite his admirable insistence on moving us with the truth (helped by his grainy camera work), Bechis can also tell a tale and he gradually incorporates a race-against-time element. Will Maria escape, especially when she is taken out on the town by her captor? Let's just say that the answer would be alien to Hollywood."
"Reviews and The City" was more reticent, and the critic wrote, "There are some very good and disturbing details...But overall, that’s the extent of violence and unrest in the film. Many violent overtones (like mock firing squad in the final moments) are pathetic and rough instead threatening, and shows the limitations of “Garage Olimpo"
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9646351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646351" title="Yan Song (footballer)">
Yan Song (footballer)

Yan Song () is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays for Dalian Transcendence in the China League Two. He would begin his senior career with Dalian Shide F.C. where he quickly established himself as a left-winger known for his good ball control and dribbling skills that saw Dalian win several Chinese league titles before he was called up to represent the Chinese senior team and help guide them to a runners-up spot in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup. Since then he joined Hangzhou Greentown and then later South Korean side Jeju United FC before returning to China.
Club career.
Yan Song would start his professional football career with Dalian Shide F.C. in the 1999 league season and would make an immediate impact in establishing himself within the team by playing in twenty league games and scoring four goals. The following season under a new manager in Milorad Kosanović Yan's career within the club would thrive and he would go on to win his first league title with the club. Over the next several seasons Yan would continue to established himself as an important member of the team winning four league championships and twice winning the Chinese FA Cup with Dalian Shide overall.
Yan Song transferred to Zhejiang Lücheng at the beginning of the 2008 Chinese Super League season where he established himself as a regular playing in twenty six league games and scoring four goals.
In February 2010 Yan moved to South Korean to join K-League side Jeju United, the move would see him being the fourth Chinese footballer in K-League history. The move itself turned out to be a personal disaster, while Jeju United had a relatively successfully season Yan was completely dropped from the squad and the manager Park Kyung-Hoon only played in one Korean FA Cup. The following season Yan returned to Dalian Shide at the beginning of the 2011 league season, however his return was not very successful and he only made a handful of games before he moved to top tier side Shanghai Shenhua half-way through the 2012 league season.
On February 2014, Yan transferred to Dalian Transcendence.
International career.
After his impressive displays for Dalian Shide he was eventually called up to the national team in 2002. He was called into the national team throughout 2004 playing in several Fifa world cup qualifiers and AFC Asian Cup squads. Since 2007 he has lost his position within the national team to Mao Jianqing and Du Zhenyu preferred within the subsequent squads.
Honours.
Club.
Dalian Shide

</doc>
<doc id="9646356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646356" title="Yu Tao">
Yu Tao

Yu Tao (; born October 15, 1981 in Shanghai) is a Chinese international football player who currently plays for Shanghai Shenxin as a midfielder.
Club career.
Yu Tao began his football career playing for Shanghai Cable 02 before the club was taken over by Shanghai Shenhua and he was promoted to their senior side at the beginning of the 2002 league season, where he made twenty four league games and would score four goals. By the following season, he would become an integral member of the Shenhua team due to his ability to play in numerous positions in the midfield and would help them to win the league 2003 league title. Unfortunately in 2013 the Chinese Football Association would revoke the league title after it was discovered the Shenhua General manager Lou Shifang had bribed officials to be bias to Shenhua in games that season. 
Despite several changes in management and the influx of players from the Shanghai United F.C. merger, Yu Tao has been a constant regular for Shanghai Shenhua throughout his career. By the 2010 league season his loyalty towards Shanghai would be rewarded when he was named the clubs captain and on May 8, 2010 in a league game against Liaoning Whowin, he would become the club's most capped player when he made his one hundred and eighty sixth league appearance for the club. This was soon followed by him also reaching 200 league appearances for the club on August 29, 2010 in a league game against Dalian Shide, which ended in a 1-1 draw.
On 20 December 2012, Yu moved to Shanghai Shenxin on a free transfer, he signed a three-year-deal with Shenxin.
International career.
After his impressive performances for Shanghai Shenhua in the 2002 league season, he was called into the National team for the first time. He would be called up into the Chinese managers Arie Haan's first game against Syria in a friendly on 7 December 2002 in a 3-1 win. After that game, he would become an irregular member for the national team, but this would not be enough to make the squad for the 2004 AFC Asian Cup. After several years in the international wilderness, the next Chinese manager Zhu Guanghu would call him up for a friendly against Kazakhstan on February 7, 2007 in a 2-1 victory. In preparation for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup, Zhu Guanghu included Yu Tao in several further squads but decided not in include him for the final tournament. The introduction of Gao Hongbo as the Chinese manager that saw Yu Tao given his chance of a competitive tournament when he was called him up for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup.
Honours.
Shanghai Shenhua

</doc>
<doc id="9646358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646358" title="Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund Stuttgart">
Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund Stuttgart

The Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund Stuttgart (VVS) is a regional transport cooperative that coordinates tickets and fares among all transport operators in the metropolitan area of Stuttgart in Germany. Besides the city of Stuttgart, the VVS area encompasses the districts of Böblingen, Esslingen, Ludwigsburg, and Rems-Murr-Kreis.
The VVS coordinates tickets and fares amongst:

</doc>
<doc id="9646362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646362" title="Du Wenhui">
Du Wenhui

Du Wenhui () is a versatile Chinese football player able to play in numerous attacking positions, who currently plays for Hebei Zhongji in the China League One.
Club career.
Originally starting his youth career at Beijing Guoan his performances were impressive enough for Eintracht Frankfurt to take him into their youth team. Du Wenhui however would return to Beijing Guoan to start his professional senior career in the 2001 season. He has since continued to play for Beijing Guoan throughout his career, though he mainly plays as a striker he has had to often sacrifice his position to the numerous foreign strikers who have played for the team or play out of position. Despite rarely playing in his favoured position his versatility in attack has always meant that he remains a consistent regular within the team and this would help Beijing win the 2009 Chinese Super League title.
In January 2011, Du transferred to top tier side Jiangsu Sainty and in his debut season he would be part of the team that finished in Jiangsu's highest ever league finish of fourth.
International career.
Du Wenhui would start his international career on February 7, 2007 in a friendly against Kazakhstan in a 2-1 win where he came on as a substitute for Li Jinyu. He would go on to make several further friendly appearances, however all were as a substitute and he failed to gain a regular place within the team.

</doc>
<doc id="9646366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646366" title="Julian Gardner (lawyer)">
Julian Gardner (lawyer)

Julian Gardner is an Australian lawyer renowned for his promotion of human rights through the practice of law.
From February 2000 to April 2007, Gardner was the Public Advocate for the Australian state of Victoria. The Public Advocate is appointed by the Governor of Victoria for seven years. The Advocate protects the legal rights of Victorians over 18 years old with disabilities, often by intervening in court actions, holding and exercising legal guardianship over disabled persons, and/or petitioning other government agencies on behalf of disabled persons. In 2005, as the Victorian Public Advocate, he made the high profile decision to allow the removal of Maria Korp's feeding tube, which ultimately resulted in her death.
In 1972, he was one of the founding staff of the Fitzroy Legal Service, working as the agency's Legal Co-ordinator. Fitzroy Legal Service is a free legal service for those who cannot afford legal representation. 
He has been the chairperson/chief executive officer of several public sector agencies and tribunals.
His appointments include:

</doc>
<doc id="9646367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646367" title="Registrar of Newspapers for India">
Registrar of Newspapers for India

Registrar of Newspapers for India, more popularly known as RNI, is a statutory body of Government of India for newspapers in India. It was established on 1 July 1956, on the recommendation of the First Press Commission in 1953 and by amending the Press and Registration of Books Act 1867. The Office of the Registrar of Newspapers for India is headquartered in New Delhi, and has three regional offices at Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai. RNI regulates and monitors printing and publication of newspapers based on the Press and Registration of Books Act, 1867 and the Registration of Newspapers (Central) Rules, 1956. The registrar is designated as Press Registrar, and Mohan Chandak is the current Press Registrar. 
The Press and Registration of Books Act contains the duties and functions of the RNI. On account of some more responsibilities entrusted upon RNI during all these years, the office is performing both statutory as well as some non-statutory functions. Online registration system was formally inaugurated in 2004 by the Information and Broadcasting Mnister S. Jaipal Reddy. 
Duties.
Under statutory functions, RNI performs the following duties
The following fall under the non-statutory functions:
Registration.
Registrar maintains the legal procedures for registering a newspaper, which can be summarised as:

</doc>
<doc id="9646371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646371" title="Han Peng">
Han Peng

Han Peng (; born 13 September 1983 in Jinan, Shandong) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
A product of the Shandong Luneng youth team, Han Peng would make his senior club debut on 10 March 2002 against Sichuan Guancheng. This was followed by his first league goal on 23 March 2002 in a game against Chongqing Lifan. Gradually establishing himself within the Shandong Luneng team for several seasons, it wasn't until Han Peng was partnered with Li Jinyu during the 2005 season that he started to show his prolific nature as a striker when he scored seven league goals. This was followed by another ten league goals that help Shandong win the 2006 league title as well as the Chinese FA Cup. While the next season would see Han have his most productive season when he scored thirteen league goals, he was unable to help Shandong retain the league title. The 2008 season was to personally to be a disappointing campaign for Han when he found himself injured throughout most the season, however he was still able to help Shandong win the league title. Han had an extremely disappointing season for Shandong Luneng during the 2012 season, spending most of his time on the bench.
International career.
Han Peng would make his international debut in a friendly against Switzerland on 3 June 2006 in a 4-1 defeat. Despite this result, Han would quickly become an integral part Zhu Guanghu's squad that achieved qualification for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup and even scoring his first goal against Iraq in the process on 15 November 2006 in a 1-1 draw. During the tournament, Han found himself playing as a lone striker with fellow striking partner Li Jinyu completely dropped from the squad. While he was able to score two goals within the tournament, he could not help China having a disastrous campaign and getting kicked out of the group stages. A new manager in Vladimir Petrović was brought in for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign and he still considered Han Peng as China's best striker. While he played in several games throughout the campaign, he was unable to score in any games and saw China unable to qualify for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Honours.
Club.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="9646381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646381" title="Alliance of Congress Parties">
Alliance of Congress Parties

The Alliance of Congress Parties is an electoral alliance in Lesotho, consisting of the Lesotho Peoples' Congress, the Basutoland African Congress, and the Basotho Congress Party.[http://www.electionguide.org/election.php?ID=1113] In the 17 February 2007 parliamentary election, the alliance won 3 out of 120 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="9646389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646389" title="Ian Gainsford">
Ian Gainsford

Sir Ian Derek Gainsford (born 24 June 1930) was dean of King's College School of Medicine and Dentistry, King's College London (1988–1997) and vice-principal of King's College London (1994–1997). He is president of the Maccabaeans.
Early life.
Sir Ian was the son of Rabbi Dr Morris Ginsberg. He was educated at Thames Valley Grammar School, Twickenham, King's College London and at the University of Toronto.
Other positions.
He wrote the standard textbook "Silver Amalgam in Clinical Practice" (1965, 3rd edn 1992)

</doc>
<doc id="9646391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646391" title="Yang Zhi (footballer)">
Yang Zhi (footballer)

Yang Zhi (; born 15 January 1983) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Yang Zhi originally started his professional career at the second tier club Guangdong Xiongying after graduating from their youth team. He quickly established himself within the squad in his first professional season with Guangdong Xiongying by playing in 26 league games. The following season he would play in a further 22 league games for Guangdong and help take them to tenth place in the league. His performances caught the eye of Beijing Guoan and with the chance to play in the Chinese Super League, he transferred to them at the beginning of the 2005 league season where he once again quickly established himself as their first choice goalkeeper within the team by playing in 21 league games in his debut season. The following seasons saw him become an integral member of the team and by the 2009 league season he had aided them to win the Chinese Super League title. During the preseason of the 2012 season, Yang sustained an injury in a friendly and was out for most of the season. He returned to his starting role as goalkeeper for Beijing during the 2013 season.
International career.
After his consistent performances for Beijing Guoan, Yang was called up to the Chinese national football team on 10 August 2006 for a friendly against Thailand where he came on as a substitute for Li Leilei in a 4–0 victory. He would later make his competitive debut the following season against Myanmar on 28 October 2007 for a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification game, which China won 4–0. It was not until the introduction of new head coach Gao Hongbo that saw Yang promoted to the national team's first choice goalkeeper when he named him within his first game in a friendly against Germany on 29 May 2009 that ended in a 1–1 draw.
Honours.
Club.
Beijing Guoan
International.
China PR national football team

</doc>
<doc id="9646398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646398" title="Wang Liang (footballer born 1979)">
Wang Liang (footballer born 1979)

Wang Liang () (born April 1, 1979) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a Right-back or Right-midfielder for Liaoning Whowin F.C. in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Wang Liang started his career with Liaoning fc making his debut in 1999. The following season he would establish himself as a regular playing in 17 games. He would eventually play for Liaoning fc for seven season before transferring to Shandong Luneng where he had a mixed period, winning the China Super League with them but unable to establish himself as a regular. He would move back to Liaoning fc after two seasons with Shandong Luneng on loan. Liaoning were relegated in the Chinese Super League 2008 season and Wang Liang returned to Shandong Luneng.
International career.
Wang Liang began his senior international football career on July 28, 2000 in a frienldy against South Korea that China lost 1-0. After several friendlies he could not establish himself within the Chinese team and it was not until Zhu Guanghu became the Chinese Head coach did Wang become a consistent member within the team. He would experience some success with the team when he won the 2005 East Asian Football Championship, however when qualification for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup came about Zhu decided to drop Wang for the experienced Sun Jihai and the versatility of Cao Yang.
Honours.
Club.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="9646401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646401" title="Zhang Yonghai">
Zhang Yonghai

Zhang Yonghai () (born March 15, 1979 in Panjin) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender.who currently plays for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Zhang Yonghai started his football career with Liaoning Youth team where he eventually graduated to the senior Liaoning FC team in 2001. After several seasons with Liaoning FC where he would establish himself as a regular within the team he would join reigning league champions Shenzhen Jianlibao in the 2005 league season for a season long loan period. He returned backed to Liaoning for another season until the beginning of 2007 league season saw him transfer to Beijing Guoan for 4,000,000 RMB. He would gradually establish himself as a regular in defence and by the 2008 league season he would be named as vice-captain. In the 2009 league season he would go on to aid Beijing to win the 2009 Chinese Super League title.
On 28 February 2014, Zhang transferred to Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin.
International career.
Zhang Yonghai would begin his international career on March 26, 2005 when he played in a friendly against Spain in a 3-0 defeat. Under the Chinese Head coach Zhu Guanghu he would play in several more friendlies and play in the 2005 East Asian Cup where he would score his first goal. He would, however, be dropped soon afterwards until the next Chinese head coach Vladimir Petrović would include him in several further friendlies but would once again drop him soon afterwards.
Honours.
Beijing Guoan

</doc>
<doc id="9646409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646409" title="HECToR">
HECToR

HECToR (High End Computing Terascale Resources) was a British academic national supercomputer service funded by EPSRC, NERC and BBSRC for the UK academic community. The HECToR service was run by partners including EPCC, STFC and Numerical Algorithms Group (NAG).
The supercomputer itself (currently a Cray XE6) was located at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. The first phase came online in October 2007, and, by the time it was decommissioned, it has been upgraded to Phase 3 configuration, with a peak performance of over 800 teraflops. It's successor is called ARCHER.
Hardware.
HECToR's hardware configuration has been progressively upgraded since the system was first commissioned.
Phase 1.
HECToR's initial configuration, known as Phase 1, featured 60 Cray XT4 cabinets containing 1416 compute blades, giving a total of 11,328 2.8 GHz AMD Opteron processor cores, connected to 576 terabytes of RAID backing storage, later increased to 934 TB. The peak performance of the system was 59 teraflops.
In August 2008, 28 Cray X2 "Black Widow" vector compute nodes were added to the system. Each node had 4 vector processors, giving a total of 112 processors. Each processor was capable of 25.6 gigaflops, giving a peak performance of 2.87 teraflops. Each 4-processor node shared 32 gigabytes of memory.
Phase 2a.
In the summer of 2009, the XT4 cabinets were upgraded with quad-core 2.3 GHz Opteron processors with 8 GB memory each. This doubled the number of processor cores to 22,656, and increased total system memory to 45.3 terabytes. Peak performance was increased to 208 teraflops.
Phase 2b.
The Phase 2b upgrade, performed in 2010, involved installation of a new 20-cabinet Cray XT6 system featuring 12-core Opteron 6100 processors, giving a total of 44,544 cores and a peak performance of over 360 teraflops. At the same time the existing XT4 system was reduced to approximately half its original size. A further upgrade took place later in 2010 to replace the SeaStar2 interconnect with a new interconnect technology, codenamed "Gemini".
Phase 3.
The Phase 3 upgrade took place in November and December 2011. It involved extending the XT6 system to 30 cabinets containing 704 compute blades, and upgrading the processors to 16-core, 2.3 GHz "Interlagos" Opterons, giving a total of 90,112 cores. The operating system was also upgraded to CLE 4.0.
Software.
HECToR's operating system is Cray Linux Environment (CLE), formerly known as UNICOS/lc. A variety of applications, compilers and utilities are available to users.
HECToR supports four compiler suites:
Compilation for the HECToR backend nodes is facilitated through the Cray compilation scripts: "ftn", "cc", and "CC".

</doc>
<doc id="9646411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646411" title="Cui Peng (footballer)">
Cui Peng (footballer)

Cui Peng (; born 31 May 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Cui Peng started his professional football career with Shandong Luneng in 2005 when he earned his first senior team appearance on 9 March 2005 in an AFC Champions League game against Yokohama Marinos. After several further appearances with the team, he would score his first goal for Shandong against Al-Ittihad in the second leg of a 2005 AFC Champions League game where he scored the second goal with a volley from 30 meters however Shandong lost the game 7–2. By the 2006 season, Cui had established himself as Shandong's first choice right-midfielder and would help them win the league title and the Chinese FA Cup.
International career.
After an impressive start to the 2006 league season, Cui Peng would be called up to the senior team to make his debut in a friendly against Thailand on 10 August 2006 in a 4–0 win. While he was called up by the national team for training in 2007, he did not make the squad in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. Cui was young enough to participate in the 2008 Summer Olympics and was part of the Chinese under-23 national team squad that took part in the tournament where he played in all three group games.
Honours.
Club.
Shandong Luneng 

</doc>
<doc id="9646417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646417" title="Sticky mouse">
Sticky mouse

Sticky mouse is a murine mutant possessing a defective alanyl-tRNA synthetase (AARS) and therefore used in investigational studies into mechanisms of neuronal degeneration. Its most immediately obvious symptom is a sticky secretion on the mouse's fur (thus the name); however, it is accompanied by lack of muscle control, ataxia, alopecia, loss of Purkinje cells in the cerebellum, and eventually, death. 
Sticky mouse is one of several animal mutants that are known to have problems in mRNA translation and are used in studies.

</doc>
<doc id="9646419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646419" title="Hao Junmin">
Hao Junmin

Hao Junmin (; born 24 March 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Tianjin Teda.
Hao Junmin began his professional football career with Tianjin Teda during the 2004 season when he made his league debut on 15 September 2004 against Liaoning Zhongyu in a 2–0 victory. This was then followed by his first league goal on 28 November 2004 in a 5–1 win, also against Liaoning Zhongyu. The subsequent season he would establish himself as a regular for the renamed Tianjin Teda team and aided them to a fourth-place finish at the end of the season. This saw not only his importance towards the team but the following seasons would see him personally rise towards predominance when he would win the Chinese Football Association Young Player of the Year award in both 2006 and 2007. His talent would then start to shine when he aided Tianjin Teda to finish high enough for them to enter in their first AFC Champions League competition during the 2008 league season.
Schalke 04.
On 22 January 2010, the predominately attacking midfielder left Tianjin Teda to sign with Bundesliga side Schalke 04. He made his debut on 6 March 2010 against Eintracht Frankfurt. Hao became the first Chinese footballer to play in the history of Schalke 04.
He was originally given the shirt number 7, but was asked to surrender it when Raúl was signed on 28 July 2010. Hao, being a longtime fan of the legendary Spanish striker, happily obliged and received number 8.
Shandong Luneng.
After the end of the 2010–11 season, Hao left Schalke 04 to return home and join Chinese Super League side Shandong Luneng on 8 July 2011 even though he still had one year remaining on his contract with the Bundesliga club. Hao suffered an injury during the 2013 preseason and was out for about half the season. He made his first appearance of the season back from injury on 10 August 2013 in a 3–2 win against Shanghai Shenhua.
International career.
Hao Junmin would work his way up through the Chinese youth system by first playing for the Chinese under-17 national team that played in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship and then progressing to the Chinese under-20 national team that took part in 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship. His performances were good enough for him to join the senior team to play in the 2005 East Asian Cup where he made his debut on 3 August 2005 against Japan in a 2–2 draw. Under the Chinese head coach Zhu Guanghu, his international career would flourish, however he was not called up for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup squad due to illness. In 2008, Hao Junmin was eligible to play for the 2008 Summer Olympics squad where he started two of the three group games in the tournament. On 30 March 2011, he was able to assist in all three goals as China beat Honduras 3–0.

</doc>
<doc id="9646423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646423" title="Thomas Matchett">
Thomas Matchett

Thomas Matchett (1826 – 1900) was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He represented Victoria South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1871.
Matchett, who owned a pharmacy in Omemee, Ontario, was defeated by Samuel Casey Wood for the same seat in the 1871 election. He served as clerk for Victoria County from 1876 to 1900, replacing Wood in that post. In 1850, he had married Letitia Jane Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="9646431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646431" title="Dilbagh Singh">
Dilbagh Singh

Air Chief Marshal Dilbagh Singh PVSM, AVSM, VM (March 10, 1926 – February 9, 2001) was the head of the Indian Air Force from 1981 to 1984, as Chief of the Air Staff. He was the second Sikh to hold that position.
Dilbagh Singh was commissioned as a pilot in 1944. His operational flying career spanned the Spitfire to introducing the MiG-21 into service in India. He had earlier made the first official "Supersonic Bang" over India in New Delhi when the Mystere IV-A was showcased in a public demonstration.
He served as India’s Ambassador to Brazil from 1985 to 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9646439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646439" title="Wang Yun (footballer)">
Wang Yun (footballer)

Wang Yun (Chinese:王赟) (March 28, 1983) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Shanghai Shenxin.
Club career.
Shanghai COSCO Huili.
As a very promising youngster Wang Yun would be bought by Shanghai COSCO Huili (the previous name of Shaanxi Chanba) for 5,000,000 RMB, making him one of the most expensive youngsters in Chinese history. Wang Yun would quickly show why the team paid such a price for him when he would go on to begin his professional career with them in the 2002 league season and quickly established himself within the squad by playing in 22 league games and scoring 5 goals. When the club started to acquire several high profile Chinese internationals within the team Wang Yun was not only able to keep his place within the team but also establish himself as an integral member within the team that came runners-up in the 2003 Chinese Jia-A League season. When the club decided to move to away from Shanghai and towards Xi'an he would join them where he has remained with the club throughout his career and has continued to establish himself as regular until Milorad Kosanović was introduced as the club's manager during the 2010 league season and Wang Yun saw his playing time reduced.
Dalian Shide F.C..
Before the start of the 2011 Chinese Super League season Wang Yun would decide to leave his previous club and transfer to Dalian Shide. He would then go on to make his debut for the club in the first game of the season against Guangzhou Evergrande on April 2, 2011 in a 1-0 defeat where he came on as a substitute for Yan Song.
International career.
While Wang Yun showed a lot of potential as a youngster he would not make his debut until June 7, 2006 in a friendly against France where he came on as a late substitute for Hao Junmin in a 3-1 defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="9646452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646452" title="South Cameroon Plateau">
South Cameroon Plateau

The South Cameroon Plateau or Southern Cameroon Plateau () is the dominant geographical feature of Cameroon. The plateau lies south of the Adamawa Plateau and southeast of the Cameroon Range. It slopes south and west until giving way to the Cameroon coastal plain in the southwest and the Congo River basin in the southeast. The plateau is characterised by hills and valleys in the southwest and a more gentle peneplain in the southwest. Isolated massifs occur, especially in the southwest. Metamorphic rocks make up the plain's basement. The soils are ferrallitic and lateritic, with colouration ranging from red or brown in the interior to yellow on the coast. The soils are subjected to silica leeching, so they are not productive without fertiliser.
The plateau experiences four major seasons, two rainy, and two dry. Rainfall is high, especially along the coast. The average temperature changes little from 25°C. Rivers in the region drain into the Atlantic Ocean and the Congo River basin. South of the Sanaga, rivers flow steadily year-round, but the Sanaga and rivers north have a complex regime characterised by high- and low-water periods upstream and constant flow downstream. The predominant vegetation is rainforest, especially to the plateau's south. To the north, forests give way to savanna.
Topography.
The South Cameroon Plateau lies between 2 and 6° N and 10 and 16° E. It covers about 225,100 km², more than half of Cameroon's total area. The plateau is characterised by sloping terrain and gently rolling hills. The altitude varies from 250 to 800 m and averages 600 or 650 m. The Western High Plateau lies northwest of the plateau and separates it from the interior African plain. The Adamawa Plateau lies to the plateau's north. From an altitude between 800 to 900 m. there, the plateau slowly slopes south and west from the region of Bedzare and Meiganga.
To the southwest, large inselbergs and tall hills separated by deep gullies predominate. The plateau gives way to the Cameroon coastal plain in escarpments. This topography has resulted in the creation of the Lobé Falls near Kribi, where the Lobé River meets the sea in a series of rapids. Some of the plateau's highest points are in this region, such as Mbam Minkom near Yaoundé (1,295 m), and Ntem massif near Ebolowa (1,400 m).
To the southeast, the transition to the Congo basin takes place on a gently sloping peneplain. The hills of the eastern portion are gentler than those of the west. These hills are known as "half-oranges" and can easily be seen in the area of Batouri and Bélabo. The lowest point of the plateau is the Sangha River valley in the southeast.
Geology.
Metamorphic rocks such as gneiss, mica, migmatites, and schists make up the South Cameroon Plateau's basement. Deposits of these rocks appear along fault lines south of Yaoundé, where schists and quartzites are found; near the Dja River, where limestone and schists occur; and along the Ntem River, where gneiss, granite, mica, migmatite, and schists occur. The plateau's western portions are made up primarily of gneiss. These rocks are millions of years old.
The plateau's soils are predominately ferrallitic and lateritic, the result of decomposing crystalline and sedimentary stone. The soil colour varies from red or reddish brown in the interior to yellow along the coast, where greater humidity causes a colour change. The soil is made up of decomposing crystalline rocks (granite, gneiss, schists, and michachists), or sedimentary rocks in the coastal area. Soils are deep, averaging 10 m., although they are thinner in the north, where rainy seasons are shorter. Ferrous deposits in the soil are quite hard and are used to make bricks. Constant leaching of silica by percolating water prevents the soils from being very productive without fertilisation.
Climate.
The South Cameroon Plateau experiences an equatorial climate of the Guinea subtype. The area experiences four seasons each year: two rainy, and two dry. The long dry season is from December to March (or slightly longer in the northern reaches of the plateau), the short rainy season from March to June, the short dry season in August, and the long rainy season from September to December.
Rainfall averages 1,500–2,000 mm per year, and precipitation is common even during the dry seasons. However, rainfall is higher near the coast and in the south and diminishes toward the northeast. The coastal city Kribi, for example, receives 2,970 mm of rain each year, Moloundou in the southeast gets 1,502 mm, and Yoko gets 1,638 mm.
The temperature remains fairly steady year round, averaging 25°C. This fluctuates slightly with the seasons. The long, rainy season is the coldest time of year, and the long dry season is the warmest. Humidity is high year round.
Drainage.
Numerous rivers run through the South Cameroon Plateau, particularly in the southeast. These bodies of water drain into both the Atlantic Ocean and the Congo River basin. The rivers south of the Sanaga follow an equatorial regime; that is, they reach a high water point during the rainy seasons and a low point during the dry seasons. There, rivers such as the Dja, Boumba, and Sangha have carved out valleys. The rivers flow slowly and experience seasonal flooding during the rainy season.
The Sanaga and rivers north of it follow a complex, or mixed, Sudano-Guinea regime because the territory they drain lies in both tropical and equatorial climate zones. This means that upstream, they follow a tropical regime, with high water during the long rainy season and low water during the long dry season. However, further south, they receive constant rainfall and flow steadily.
Flora and fauna.
Dense vegetation covers the plateau, especially in the south. This includes vast tracts of rainforest, which grows in three or four strata. The tallest trees are straight with buttress roots and stand about 40 m tall. Below these stand thinner, shorter trees with large concentrations of leaves at their tops. The bottom layer is made up of undergrowth of saplings and grasses, although this layer is thin when the larger trees grow close together and block the sunlight. Tree species include azobé, bubinga, ebony, iroko, mahogany, and obeche. This primary rainforest exists in the plateau's south and east. Where human activities have affected the forest, for farming, timber, pasture, and urban growth, secondary growth has taken over as the forest has recovered. This is evident around Yaoundé. 
Forest gradually gives way to Guinean savanna to the north. This consists of vast grasslands punctuated by trees. The savanna has increased as human activities have cut back the forest through activities such as burning.
The plateau's rainforests house large numbers of animal species. These include birds, monkeys, and snakes. Others are elephants, chimpanzees, and many rodents.

</doc>
<doc id="9646454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646454" title="Xu Liang">
Xu Liang

Xu Liang (; born 12 August 1981 in Shenyang) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai Greenland in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Xu Liang started his footballing career with Liaoning Youth team and eventually graduated to the first team squad in the 2002 league season where he made 23 appearances in his debut season. After establishing himself into the first team squad, he would be an integral member that saw Liaoning reach the final of the Chinese FA Cup in 2002. However after five seasons with Liaoning, he would transfer to the second tier team Guangzhou Pharmaceutical and see them fight for promotion to the Chinese Super League in 2007. On 12 February 2010, he was signed by Beijing Guoan. He was a starter on the team during his years at Beijing and scored many important free kicks for them. Xu transferred to Beijing's main rivals Shanghai Shenhua on 11 December 2012.
International career.
Xu has appeared several times for the Chinese national team, winning his first cap for his country in 2002 and gaining his last appearance for the team in 2006.
Honours.
Club.
Guangzhou Pharmaceutical

</doc>
<doc id="9646460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646460" title="Michio Mado">
Michio Mado

Biography.
Mado was born as Michio Ishida in Tokuyama, Yamaguchi prefecture. He spent his childhood with his grandfather because his parents went to work in Taiwan. Later he joined his family there. He graduated from the School of Industrial Instruction in Taipei and then worked for the Office of the Governor-General. He died on February 28, 2014, aged 104.

</doc>
<doc id="9646468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646468" title="Disodium hydrogen phosphite">
Disodium hydrogen phosphite

Disodium hydrogen phosphite is the chemical compound Na2HPO3 which is commonly encountered as the pentahydrate. It is a salt of phosphorous acid, HP(O)(OH)2 and contains the anion HPO32−. Its common name suggests that it contains an acidic hydrogen atom, as in sodium hydrogen carbonate. However, this is misleading as the hydrogen atom is bonded to phosphorus rather than oxygen. It is toxic along with all phosphites. Phosphites contain phosphorus in its +3 oxidation state and are therefore reducing agents.

</doc>
<doc id="9646482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646482" title="Magistrates Court of Western Australia">
Magistrates Court of Western Australia

The Magistrates Court of Western Australia is the first tier court in Western Australia, a state of Australia. It has jurisdiction in respect of criminal and civil matters, as well as a range of administrative matters. The court came into existence in May 2005 and was the result of the amalgamation of the Court of Petty Sessions of Western Australia, Small Claims Tribunal of Western Australia, and the Local Court of Western Australia.
History.
The amalgamation of the three courts followed from recommendations made by the Western Australian Law Reform Commission. The amalgamation also occurred at a time when changes were made to the appointments of justices of the peace, appointment of magistrates and civil procedure in the state by widening the options available for enforcing bad debts. 
The reforms envisaged that the jurisdiction of the court for civil claims would increase from $25,000 to $50,000 as well as the ability for the chief magistrate to establish divisions in the court to deal with specific classes of offenders, such as by establishment of a drug court or a family violence court.
Jurisdiction.
The court is constituted under the Magistrates Court Act 2004 (WA). It is an inferior court and it is also a court of record. The court has a civil jurisdiction under the Magistrates Court (Civil Proceedings) Act 2004 (WA). The court exercises the criminal jurisdiction which a court of petty sessions previously had or which a court of summary jurisdiction could have exercised prior to the creation of the court. The court can also exercise any jurisdiction conferred upon it.
Composition.
The Governor of Western Australia can appoint magistrates to the court. The governor can also appoint a chief magistrate, as well as deputy chief magistrates.
The court normally sits with a magistrate sitting alone. However, the governor may make a regulation which allows a single justice of the peace or two justices of the peace to sit as the court.
Caseload.
About 43,000 civil cases are filed each year in the court.

</doc>
<doc id="9646484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646484" title="Dianne">
Dianne

Dianne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9646485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646485" title="Ayr Central">
Ayr Central

Ayr Central is covered shopping centre in Ayr, Scotland.
Built on a former brown field site on Kyle Street, which had been abandoned for fifteen years, the development cost £75 million. It was opened ahead of schedule in March 2005, with the opening of the first Debenhams store in Ayrshire.
The shopping centre has an underground car parking facility with space for 450 cars with stairs up to the main level. A large number of shops have moved into the development, some from other locations in the town centre while others are completely new to the area such as Debenhams and Primark. There is also a cafè with indoor and outdoor seating areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9646491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646491" title="Fouad Abou Nader">
Fouad Abou Nader

Fouad Abou Nader () is a Lebanese political leader. A grandson of the Kataeb Party founder Pierre Gemayel, Abou Nader became a Kataeb party activist and head of the elite Kataeb troop called the “BG” and later on head of the Lebanese Forces after the union of various Christian military groupings. After an internal revolt in the Lebanese Forces led by Elie Hobeika and Samir Geagea against his leadership, he relinquished his power to them refusing to what he considered a fratricide venture. 
Abou Nader remained active in Lebanese Forces veterans group and return briefly to the Kataeb party that was marred at the time by deep divisions between various factions of the party before leaving disenchanted. He eventually established his own political movement, Liberty Front that he heads as general coordinator. 
He was seriously injured in 1975, 1976 and 1983 in fights against Palestinians and Syrians and in 1986 survived an assassination attempt and was severely wounded. In thje late 1980s, he also established his own medical and paramedical engineering firm. 
Personal data.
Born in Baskinta, (Metn, Mount-Lebanon, Lebanon) on June 27, 1956. Christian Maronite. Son of Antoine Abou Nader & Claude Pierre Gemayel. 
After attending school at Collège Notre-Dame de Jamhour and Collège Mont La Salle, he joined the American University of Beirut. Because of the war, he continued his medical studies at the Université Saint-Joseph from which he graduated as a doctor in 1982.
Kataeb Party activist.
He joined the Kataeb Social Democratic Party (led by his grandfather Sheikh Pierre Gemayel) in 1974. He was an active member of both the paramilitary and the students’ organization of the party. At Dekwaneh, he participated in his first fight against the Palestinian organizations.
Lebanese Forces fighter and commander.
When war started, he was part of the elite troop, the “BG” (or “Bejin”), inside of the Kataeb regular forces. When the Kataeb Regulatory Forces (KRF), the Tigers Militia (“Noumour”) from the National Liberal Party, the “Guardians of the Cedars” from the National Lebanese Movement and the “Al-Tanzim” (“the Organization”) from the Lebanese Resistance Movement united in the “Lebanese Forces” (LF), he became the head of the operations (called “Third Bureau”) of the LF. He was seriously injured in 1975, 1976, 1983 and 1986. For the latter, he survived to an assassination attempt and was severely wounded.
In 1982, Bachir Gemayel, commander in chief of the LF was elected as Lebanese Republic president. So, Fadi Frem became commander in chief and Dr Fouad Abou Nader, chief of staff of the LF. In 1984, he was elected as commander in chief of the LF. He was involved in almost all the battles with the Resistance against the Palestinian organizations & the Syrian army. He became famous for his tenacious nerves, physical courage, exceptional organization and planning skills. For his fellow fighters he was a living legend: no battle was won without him. He was the initiator & creator of most of the LF elite troops.
After his election to the presidency, Bachir Gemayel said: “If I had to deliver a Resistance medal of honour, I would have certainly given it to the greatest fighter of our Resistance, Fouad Abou Nader.”
Power struggles and withdrawal from the Lebanese Forces.
From 1985, an era of “intifada” (revolts) shook the “free regions” and diverted the Cause of its strategic objectives in turning into a struggle for power. Dr Fouad Abou Nader refused the bloody logic: he did not put down the intifada led by Elie Hobeika & Dr Samir Geagea against him: “When I offer my condolences to the family of a martyr as head of the LF I feel bad even if their son was sacrificed for the noblest of causes. What do you want me to say tomorrow to all these mothers? How to explain the martyrdom of their children? Just to remain in my position as head of the LF?” In 1986, he refused the tripartite agreement signed in Damascus by Elie Hobeika and became responsible for the Kataeb regional. Then, in 1989, he refused the Taef agreement signed by Dr Georges Saade, the head of the Kataeb Social Democratic Party and approved by Dr Samir Geagea. He supported Michel Aoun’s liberation war against the Syrian army but rejected the fratricide war between the Lebanese Army soldiers loyal to General Aoun and Geagea’s militia. He participated to the mass demonstrations in Baabda (where is located the presidential palace) against Taef agreement and Syrian army invasion. The internal struggles inside of the LF and the fratricide war between Aoun soldiers and Geagea militiamen were fatal: it was real self-destruction.
Lebanese Forces Veterans Group and return to Kataeb.
During Syrian occupation, he helped the student Resistance, participated to their main demonstrations and was part of the "Kataeb Opposition" led by Dr Elie Karame, former head of the Kataeb, against the pro-Syrian direction of the party led by Dr Georges Saade then Mounir Hajj and Karim Pakradouni. After Rafic Hariri assassination, he participated to the mass demonstrations in Beirut downtown for the departure of the Syrian army.
After Syrian withdrawal, he restarted his public activities in launching, with his former companions, the "Lebanese Forces Veterans Group". He decided to return to the Kataeb in the hope of initiating the necessary changes to avoid the repetition of the mistakes of the past. These necessary changes were: making the party more democratic to avoid fratricidal struggles for power and redefining the Cause. Quickly, he clashed with the direction of the party who refused any change about the feudal, hereditary and therefore anti-democratic structures.
Establishment of the Liberty Front.
Consequently, he decided with his companions who come from the Kataeb Social Democratic Party but also from other parties and movements to launch the “Liberty Front” on April 2007. The Liberty Front is a Lebanese political movement, social-democratic & independent, heir of the “Front for Freedom & Man” founded in 1976 by Dr. Charles Malik and the political offspring of the Resistance of the Front’s parties & movements fighters who cooperated in the “Lebanese Forces Command Council”. Starting 1976 before uniting their guns in 1980 in the “Lebanese Forces” under the leadership of President Bachir Gemayel and fought against the Palestinian organizations & the Syrian army between 1975 and 1986.
The Liberty Front calls for the Christian unity rejecting the division of the Christians. In October 2008, Abounader was re-elected as general coordinator of the Liberty Front.
Positions.
Dr. Fouad Abou Nader thinks that friendly relations with both Syria and Israel will maybe not start in the near future “but definitely in the end we have to find a resolution. Why can’t we achieve peace between our countries? Our peace has to be fair between the Israelis and us and between Syria and us as well.”
He is “100% for keeping this coexistence between Christians and Muslims in Lebanon, but the political formula of how to implement it must be changed. We would like to find a final solution for the problems of the country. Otherwise we are going to stay in this situation. We cannot go on like this for all of our lives. We have to try a stable solution for the sake of our kids. We don't want our kids to continue the war we have fought. We want to find a final solution. Rule number one is that we have to stop lying to each other. Number two, we have to start thinking Lebanese only. And, rule number three, we need to sit together and find a solution - without a hidden agenda from either side. Everyone in Lebanon, Christians, Sunnis, Shiites, Druze, Alawi, Jews, etc. can live free with dignity and enjoy security, equality and freedom.”
About the Memorandum of Understanding between Aoun’s Free Patriotic Movement & Hezbollah, his position is: “It's a positive step although I don't agree with the objectives of Hezbollah and its foreign agenda.” As “defence strategy” option, he is for the creation of a “national guard”, an armed force organised regionally, in the framework of the regionalism he is calling for, alongside the Lebanese army and Interior Security Forces (I.S.F.) and integrating Hezbollah Resistance weapons and fighters but also other and new volunteers from all the regions and from all the sects.
Other activities.
Abou Nader is chairman of Tanit Paramedic & Tanit Medical Engineering. Tanit was established in 1987. It is a trading and distributing company specialized in the medical field. It has developed an extensive network of connections in many parts of the world such as Nigeria. Tanit represents several international manufacturers of medical equipment and supplies and specialized consultant companies in the medical field.

</doc>
<doc id="9646512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646512" title="Li Yan (footballer born 1980)">
Li Yan (footballer born 1980)

Li Yan (Chinese:李彦) (born June 20, 1980) is a former Chinese international football midfielder who predominantly spent the majority of his career playing for Shanghai Pudong where he won the second tier division title and a runners-up position in the 2003 Chinese Jia-A League season. He would also play for New Zealand Knights FC and Hangzhou Greentown before retiring due to injury.
Club career.
While Li Yan started his football career at second tier side Shanghai Hangxing it was his move to Shanghai Pudong that saw his football career flourish when he would go on to establish himself as an integral member within the team that would go on to win the second division title and receive promotion to the top tier. He would go on to help establish the team in the top flight and remained with the club when they moved to Xi'an and renamed itself Xian Chanba. During this period Li Yan established himself as useful attacking midfielder and caught the eye of New Zealand Knights FC in 2006, however his move was to prove an unsuccessful one and he only played in two league games. Li Yan would return to Xian Chanba which had renamed itself Shaanxi Baorong in the 2007 season and stayed with them until the end of the 2009 league season when he transferred to Hangzhou Greentown in 2010. His move to Hangzhou would see him become an immediate regular within the team and he helped guide the club to their best ever finish of fourth within the league as well qualification for the AFC Champions League for the first time. Li would, however sustain an ankle injury at the beginning of the 2011 league season and tried to play on until April 19, 2011 in a 2011 AFC Champions League group game against Al Ain S.C.C. saw him unable to carry on, which would see him retire soon afterwards.
International career.
Li Yan would make his debut in a friendly against Republic of Ireland March 29, 2005 in a 1-0 defeat. He would go on to establish himself as a squad regular within the team and score his first goal against Korea DPR in a 2-0 win. Li Yan, however did not make it into the squad that went to the 2007 AFC Asian Cup and after the tournament saw very little international playing time.
Honours.
Club.
Shanghai Pudong
International.
China national football team

</doc>
<doc id="9646514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646514" title="Bjarne Petersen">
Bjarne Petersen

Bjarne Petersen (born 5 April 1952) is a Danish former football player, who was the top goalscorer of the 1975 Danish football championship while playing for Kjøbenhavns Boldklub. He played one game for the Denmark national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9646516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646516" title="Zhao Xuri">
Zhao Xuri

Zhao Xuri (; born 3 December 1985 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
While Zhao Xuri originally started his professional football career with second tier football club Dalian Saidelong, he did not make an impact within the team, however top tier side Sichuan Guancheng took an interest within the youngster. During the 2003 league season he would quickly rise to prominence and immediately established himself as an integral member within the team by playing in 27 league games and scoring 2 goals in his debut season. The following season was to prove significantly more difficult as Zhao Xuri was injured through most of the season only making 9 appearances. He was still highly regarded enough to be transferred to Dalian Shide where due to his versatility he would continue to establish himself as a regular and go on win the 2005 first division title.
Zhao transferred to Guangzhou Evergrande on 26 December 2011 along with Rong Hao, Li Jianbin and Peng Xinli. He made his debut for Guangzhou in a 2-1 Chinese FA Super Cup victory against Tianjin Teda on 25 February 2012. He scored first goal for Guangzhou on 21 July 2012 in a 2–1 away victory against Henan Construction.
International career.
Zhao's performances for Sichuan Guancheng were impressive enough for an immediate call up to the senior national team to play in the 2003 East Asian Football Championship. On 7 December 2003, he would make his debut during the tournament to play in a game against South Korea that China lost 1-0. During the tournament, he would go on to score his first goal against Hong Kong on 10 December 2003 in a game that China won 3-1. His versatility saw him gain significant playing time and go on to selected in the squad to participate in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup where he played in two group games in an unsuccessful competition that saw China knocked out in the group stages.
In 2008, Zhao was eligible to play for the 2008 Summer Olympics squad where he played two of the three group games in the tournament. Once the tournament ended, he would find himself completely dropped from the senior team until new head coach Gao Hongbo brought him back into the senior team during a friendly against Germany on 29 May 2009 in a 1-1 draw. After the game, Zhao would establish himself as an integral member within the Chinese squad and settle himself as the first choice defensive midfielder within the team.
Honours.
Club.
Dalian Shide
Guangzhou Evergrande
International.
China PR national football team

</doc>
<doc id="9646521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646521" title="Zheng Bin">
Zheng Bin

Zheng Bin (; born July 4, 1977) is a Chinese assistant football coach who is currently with Wuhan Zall F.C. as well as also being a former international player. In his playing career he is predominantly associated with his time at Shenzhen Jianlibao and Wuhan Huanghelou where he played as a left-footed midfielder or striker as well as representing China in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.
Club career.
Early career.
As with all the most promising young Chinese players Zheng Bin would quickly be included in the short-lived Chinese national youth team program to study football abroad in a training programme sponsored by Jianlibao and called the Chinese Jianlibao Youth Football Team. After graduating through the Jianlibao Youth Team he would return to his hometown to play for Wuhan Hongjinlong to start his professional football career. In his debut season he would play six games in his debut season. He would then go on to play in the majority of Wuhan's games throughout the 1999 league season that saw the team relegated.
Shenzhen Jianlibao.
The following seasons would see him remain with Wuhan in their attempts to return to the top tier until Shenzhen Jianlibao's Head coach Zhu Guanghu showed an interest within him. Zheng Bin would eventually join Shenzhen Jianlibao at the beginning of the 2003 league season. The move would immediately become very successful for him when he quickly established himself within the team in his debut season and then in his second season help the team to win the 2004 Chinese Super League title.
Return to Wuhan.
Despite just winning the league title with Shenzhen Jianlibao the club had many financial difficulties and when his previous club just having won promotion and offering 3,500,000 RMB for the return of his services Zheng Bin would immediately rejoin them. Once again this turned out to be a successful transfer for him when he once again settled straight away within the team and this time go on to win the 2005 Chinese Super League Cup. He would soon go on to captain the team until the club controversially disbanded for what they believed was unfair punishment by the Chinese Football Association after the clubs management did not accept the punishment given to them by the Chinese Football Association after a scuffle broke out during a league game against Beijing Guoan on September 27, 2008.
Return to Shenzhen.
Without a club Zheng Bin would return to Shenzhen Jianlibao (who had renamed themselves Shenzhen Shangqingyin) at the beginning of the 2009 league season. While he was not an immediate first choice player at the start of the season, once he was given his chance to play he would quickly show his experience within the team and would quickly become a regular within the team.
Join Hubei Oriental.
At 2010 season, the new Wuhan club Hubei Oriental had successfully promotion to China League One. Zheng returned to Wuhan again and joined the team to play the new season.
International career.
After an impressive start to his career at Shenzhen Jianlibao Zheng Bin would soon to be included in the Chinese squad and go on to make his debut in a friendly against Costa Rica on September 7, 2003 in a 2-0 defeat. Despite the result he would go on to become a regular within the team and his versatility within midfield would see him go on to be included in the squad that went to the 2004 AFC Asian Cup that came runners-up. He would go on to play in several FIFA World Cup qualifiers and the 2007 AFC Asian Cup, however once the tournament ended he would lose favour within the team.
Honours.
Shenzhen Jianlibao
Wuhan Huanghelou

</doc>
<doc id="9646527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646527" title="Disodium phosphate">
Disodium phosphate

Disodium hydrogen phosphate is the inorganic compound with the formula Na2HPO4. It is one of several sodium phosphates. The salt is known in anhydrous form as well as forms with 2, 7, 8, and 12 hydrates. All are water-soluble white powders; the anhydrous salt being hygroscopic.
Acid-base properties.
The pH of disodium hydrogen phosphate water solution is between 8.0 and 11.0, meaning it is basic:
Production and reactions.
It can be generated by neutralization of phosphoric acid with sodium hydroxide:
Industrially It is prepared in a two-step process by treating dicalcium phosphate with sodium bisulfate, which precipitates calcium sulfate:
In the second step, the resulting solution of monosodium phosphate is partially neutralized:
Uses.
It is used as an in conjunction with trisodium phosphate in foods and water treatment. In foods, it is used to adjust pH. Its presence prevents coagulation in the preparation of condensed milk. Similarly, it is used as an anti-caking additive in powdered products. It is used in desserts and puddings, e.g. Cream of Wheat to quicken cook time, and Jell-O Instant Pudding for thickening. In water treatment, It retards calcium scale formation. It is also found in some detergents and cleaning agents.
Heating solid disodium phosphate gives the useful compound tetrasodium pyrophosphate:
Monobasic and dibasic sodium phosphate are used as a saline laxative to treat constipation or to clean the bowel before a colonoscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="9646545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646545" title="Peter Beckford (junior)">
Peter Beckford (junior)

Peter Beckford (junior), (1672/3-1735), was the son of Peter Beckford, founder of one of the most powerful families in colonial Jamaica.
Peter joined the Jamaican House of Assembly and became the Speaker. In 1710, during a debate at the Assembly, things became extremely heated and some members drew their swords and threatened Peter, the Speaker. The Governor responded to shouts for assistance and the doors of the chamber were forced open. The Assembly was dissolved in the name of the Queen. The aged Peter Beckford senior was amongst those who had come to his rescue. In the general confusion, he slipped and fell down the long staircase. Suffering a mortal injury, he died soon after.
Like his father, Beckford suffered a severe temper. As a young man, he was accused of killing the Deputy Judge Advocate of Jamaica in a fit of temper. He was finally acquitted after a lengthy court case.
In 1720, he was one of the prominent people in Jamaica about whom the governor Sir Nicholas Lawes complained had "anarchical principles".
Peter married Bathshua Herring and they had thirteen children. He died in 1735. His will included a legacy of £2,000 to found a school in Spanish Town, which was started there in 1744. This school merged with another school started with £3,000 donated by Francis Smith forming the Beckford and Smith School in 1869.
His son, William was born in 1709. He emigrated to England and had a prominent career in politics, defending the West Indian Interest as an Member of Parliament and Lord Mayor of London.

</doc>
<doc id="9646548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646548" title="Weston Airport">
Weston Airport

Weston Airport or Aerfort Weston in Ireland, is a publicly licensed executive airport located on the R403 regional road at Leixlip, County Kildare west of Dublin, in Ireland. Its traffic is primarily business/executive as well as private and commercial training.
Formerly developed by Jim Mansfield, the airport was seized by the National Asset Management Agency in 2011.
History.
Weston Aerodrome was originally founded in 1931 (licensed circa 1937) by Darby Kennedy, who, from 1946, operated a de Havilland Dragon and several Dragon Rapide aircraft commercially from the Weston flying field, operated under the name "Weston Ltd". The charter flights frequently took the biplane airliners to airfields in the United Kingdom. The commercial flight operation ceased in the late 1950s.
Also operated from the airfield was a flying school for private pilots with several Tiger Moth trainer biplanes, an Auster high-wing monoplane and from 1960 two Morane-Saulnier-Rallye four-seater low-winged aeroplanes. 
Several air displays were organised over the years, and Weston was also the base for making the air combat film about the First World War "The Blue Max" which starred George Peppard in 1966. The aircraft ground scenes were shot at the airfield, which is not to be confused with RAF Weston-on-the-Green, in England, which has no tarmac runway.
Development.
The main terminal was completed in 2005 along with the control tower and other services. 
Today the airport is primarily used for flight training, executive flights and private general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="9646560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646560" title="Eastgate Shopping Centre (Inverness)">
Eastgate Shopping Centre (Inverness)

Eastgate Shopping Centre is located in Inverness, serving the largest shopping catchment area in Europe. The centre has two main anchor stores, Marks and Spencer and Debenhams.
The Eastgate shopping centre in Inverness has been taken over by UK-owned real estate fund manager, F&C REIT.
The Centre is notable for an automaton clock depicting Noah's Ark. Each hour a monkey is seen raising up a tree and chiming a bell in order to tell the hour.
History.
Eastgate development.
The Eastgate shopping centre was first opened in the city centre by Sun Alliance in 1983, with Marks and Spencer as the anchor store on brownfield land.
Eastgate refurbishment.
The Eastgate shopping centre underwent a refurbishment plan in 1993. [http://195.173.143.171/minutes/headquarters/new_archive/plan/plan_min_sp200397.htm]
The first application sent to Highland Council by the centre developers Royal & SunAlliance, dated 10 March 1997, was to warrant a much needed extension to the Eastgate. This plan was originally rejected on the grounds of the controversial re-location of the Category B listed building on 7/9 Falcon Square (the Falconer Building), inadequate access to the railway station and too many car park spaces that would allow for this development to go ahead. They were more interested in supporting plans particularly around The Academy Centre extension which was going to be anchored by Debenhams.
The plans outlined were going to contain two new bridges connecting the existing centre and the new extension. This was going to be built on land (Millburn Road), north of the centre on the former Railway goods yard area. Marks and Spencer were going to expand their current store over their own service yard. A car park would be built for the extension holding 1500 later been forced to scale back to 1300 spaces. BHS anticipated an interest in being an anchor for the new extension, including room for leisure facility and an 8 screen multiplex cinema.[http://195.173.143.171/minutes/headquarters/new_archive/plan/plan_min_sp200397.htm]
A later application was accepted, although now without a multiplex cinema. Building work started in 2001 and was opened in 2002. This now included one bridge walkway connecting the new phase with the existing shopping centre, complete with an anchor store and a food court.
[http://www.scotland.gov.uk/Publications/2003/01/16218/17130]
The Falcon Square extension is called the Falcon Mall. The original site is now officially called Eastgate Mall, with Eastgate Centre referring to the two buildings together.
As part of this refurbishment, Falcon Square has been rebuilt as a plaza on which a new mercat cross has been erected, and which has replaced the Town House end of the High Street as a gathering point for civic events.
Stores.
Below are just a few of the many stores, For a full updated list visit the Store Finder
As of January 2014 ; 
Argos, Boots, Debenhams, Game, H&M, HMV, Marks & Spencer, Morrisons, New Look, Next, Waterstones

</doc>
<doc id="9646570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646570" title="Maya Kamath">
Maya Kamath

Maya Kamath Indian cartoonist, 1951 - 2001.
Born in Bombay, she spent her formative years in Delhi, and acquired an MA in English literature. Drawing was a hobby with her as a child, and this talent flowered during her stint as an illustrator with Macmillan's and as a drawing teacher at Sophia's School. The turning point came when she set her eyes on the sketches of a book titled For better or for Worse by Lynn Johnston. Wonderstruck, she plunged into the world of cartooning.
She began her career as a cartoonist in 1985 with "The Evening Herald" a publication of Deccan Herald group. In the later years she worked for Indian news papers like The Indian Express, The Asian Age and Times of India.
She also contributed environmental cartoons in a German collection called Third World and has been awarded on many occasions.
Her collection is currently with SPARROW link below and has been published as "The World of MAYA"
In October 1998, the Karnataka Cartoonists' Association conferred an award on her on the occasion of the 7 th Cartoonists' Conference.
Every year, Indian Institute of Cartoonists organize Maya Kamath Memorial Awards Contest for Excellence in Cartooning.

</doc>
<doc id="9646576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646576" title="James Baker (musician)">
James Baker (musician)

James Lawrence Baker (born 7 March 1954) is a rock musician from Perth, Western Australia. He has drummed with, and was instrumental in the founding of several influential Australian bands including The Scientists, Le Hoodoo Gurus, Beasts of Bourbon, and The Dubrovniks.
Biography.
Early days.
Baker has named Ronnie Bond of The Troggs as the main influence on his drumming style. He first started drumming for a local Perth band, Black Sun (1973–1974), followed by The Slick City Boys (1974–1975). When he was 16 he travelled to the United States and England, where he was influenced by early live performances of The Ramones, Flamin' Groovies, The Dictators and Johnny Thunders. It was during these travels that he met Sid Vicious 
Baker was a member in 1976 of protopunk band The Geeks, who are regarded as one of the first punk rock groups in Australia, although they played no gigs and did not release any recorded material until fairly recently. After Dave Faulkner joined, the band became known as The Victims. Baker and Faulkner co-wrote the band's first single, "Television Addict", which is widely regarded as a classic and has featured on several punk compilations.
The Scientists.
In May 1978 Baker joined another punk rock band, The Invaders, joining Kim Salmon (guitar, vocals), Roddy Radalj (guitar, vocals) and Boris Sujdovic (bass), replacing the bands original drummer, John Rowlings. With the inclusion of Baker, the band was renamed The Scientists however with Sujdovic leaving in August 1978 the band didn't start playing again until January 1979 with Dennis Byrne on bass. The band released its first single in April 1979, "Frantic Romantic" b/w "Shake (Together Tonight)" on the DNA label. Radalj and Byrne left in April 1979, to be replaced by Ben Juniper (guitar) and Ian Sharples (bass). This lineup recorded the band's second release, "The Scientists EP" (released February 1980) and did two tours of Melbourne and Sydney, in December 1979 and February/March 1980.
Juniper left the band in May 1980 and Salmon, Baker and Sharples continued as a three-piece. The band broke up in January 1981 after recording their album, "The Scientists" (commonly referred to as "The Pink Album"), released in August 1981.
Hoodoo Gurus.
In January 1981, Baker joined Faulkner, Kimble Rendall and Roddy Radalj as founders of Sydney based band Le Hoodoo Gurus (aka Hoodoo Gurus). 
Rendall left in 1982, just prior to the release of "Leilani", and was replaced by Clyde Bramley (bass guitar, backing vocals) from Sydney bands The Hitmen and Super K. Radalj was next to leave the band as he was unhappy with Rendall's leaving and Faulkner's greater influence on the band's direction. He was replaced by ex-Fun Things guitarist Brad Shepherd, who had been Bramley's flatmate and in The Hitmen and Super K.
Gurus new line-up (Baker, Bramley, Faulkner and Shepherd) recorded the band's first album, "Stoneage Romeos" (1984). with Baker co-writing several of the band's songs, but was sacked from the band in August 1984 before the album was released.
Hoodoo Gurus iconic status on the Australian rock scene was acknowledged when they were inducted into the 2007 ARIA Hall of Fame.
Beasts of Bourbon.
Baker joined the Beasts of Bourbon in 1984, together with Tex Perkins, Spencer P. Jones (The Johnnys), Boris Sudjovic and Kim Salmon of The Scientists. The group were initially thrown together by vocalist Perkins to fulfill a booking his previous band, Tex Deadly and the Dum-Dums, could no longer make and began by playing together in small venues in Sydney. This lineup was featured on the band's first album, "The Axeman's Jazz", recorded in 1984 in a single afternoon for one hundred dollars by Tony Cohen. Although the album became an underground success (a cover of "Psycho" being a hit on alternative radio), the band continued to be just a side project for its members until the original line-up fell apart in 1984 when the Scientists left Australia to tour overseas.
In 1985-86, Baker recorded vocals on a single, a cover of The Troggs’ "I Can’t Control Myself" with an original, "Born to Be Punched" on the B-side. It was credited to The James Baker Experience.
When both the Johnnys and the Scientists fell apart, however, the original line-up reunited in 1987, to record another album, "Sour Mash" in 1988. The swamp-rock of The Axeman's Jazz had given way to a fusion of blues-based pub rock and punk with great effect. Black Milk, recorded in 1990, expanded on this idea. The band grew particularly confident and powerful while touring Europe on the back of "Sour Mash" and grew in popularity. In 1991, Baker and Sujdovic left to be replaced by Brian Hooper and Tony Pola - the bassist and drummer of Kim Salmon's new band, The Surrealists.
The Dubrovniks and beyond.
In 1988 Baker joined a new band, The Dubrovniks, with Roddy Radalj, Peter Simpson and Boris Sujdovic. The band's name was coined from the fact that Radalj and Sujdovic were both born in Dubrovnik, a town in Croatia. The band released several albums including, "Dubrovnik Blues", "Audio Sonic Love Affair", "Chrome" and "Medicine Wheel". After they broke up in the 1994, following the release of the band's fourth album, with Baker returning to Perth.
On 10 February 1995 the original 1980s lineup of The Scientists, Salmon, Baker, Sharples and Juniper, reformed for a one-off show in Perth.
Baker's current projects are Rockin' Hendy (with Rik van der Velde - guitar, and Lou Boy - bass and vocals) and The Painkillers. Baker forming The Painkillers in May 2005 together with Joe Bludge on guitar and vocals. The Painkillers have played support in Perth for bands such as The Fuzz, Little Birdy, The Panda Band, Brian Hooper, Pharaohs, and the Beasts of Bourbon. On 25 August 2005 The Painkillers released their debut album, "Drunk on a Train" on Blazing Strumpet Records, through Reverberation. In 2010 James Baker also briefly played with Perth "stuporgroup" Potato Stars.
In 2006 Baker was inducted into the West Australian Music Industry Hall of Fame.
Discography.
Baker has been a member of the following bands:

</doc>
<doc id="9646584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646584" title="Stilbe">
Stilbe

Stilbe in Greek mythology was a nymph, daughter of the river god Peneus and the Naiad Creusa. She bore Apollo twin sons, Centaurus, ancestor of the Centaurs, and Lapithus, ancestor of the Lapiths. In another version of the myth, Centaurus was instead the son of Ixion and Nephele. Aineus, father of Cyzicus, was also said to have been a son of Apollo and Stilbe. By Cychreus she became mother of the nymph Chariclo, wife of Chiron. 
A different Stilbe was a daughter of Eosphoros and a possible mother of Autolycus by Hermes, and of Callisto by Ceteus.

</doc>
<doc id="9646594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646594" title="ZoneAlarm Z100G">
ZoneAlarm Z100G

ZoneAlarm Secure Wireless Router Z100G is a discontinued Unified Threat Management security router for the home and SOHO market.
The Z100G was developed by SofaWare Technologies, a Check Point Company. The hardware is similar to SofaWare's Safe@Office and VPN-1 Edge lines, and the software differs only in what features the license allows the user to access and to what degree.
Features.
ZoneAlarm Z100G provides networking and security related features, including -

</doc>
<doc id="9646598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646598" title="Active database">
Active database

An active database is a database that includes an event-driven architecture (often in the form of ECA rules) which can respond to conditions both inside and outside the database. Possible uses include security monitoring, alerting, statistics gathering and authorization.
Most modern relational databases include active database features in the form of database triggers.

</doc>
<doc id="9646599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646599" title="Prachantakham District">
Prachantakham District

Prachantakham () is a district ("Amphoe") of Prachinburi Province, eastern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Na Di, Kabin Buri, Si Maha Phot, Mueang Prachinburi of Prachinburi Province, Pak Phli of Nakhon Nayok Province, Pak Chong and Wang Nam Khiao of Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
The Sankamphaeng Range mountainous area is located in the northern section of this district.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 9 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 106 villages ("muban"). Prachantakham is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Prachantakham. There are further 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9646603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646603" title="Caryocar nuciferum">
Caryocar nuciferum

Caryocar nuciferum, the butter-nut of Guiana, is also known as pekea-nut, or – like all other species of "Caryocar" with edible nuts – "souari-nut" or "sawarri-nut". It is a fruit tree native to northern Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Guyana, Panama, and Venezuela.
This colourful tree grows up to 35 m, in humid forests. Flowers are hermaphroditic and in small clusters. The large coconut-sized fruit, weighs about 3 kg, is round or pear-shaped some 10–15 cm in diameter, and greyish-brown in colour. The outer skin is leathery, about 1 mm thick, and covered in rust-coloured lenticels. It has been called "perhaps the finest of all the fruits called nuts. The kernel is large, soft, and even sweeter than the almond, which it somewhat resembles in taste."
Pulp of the mesocarp is oily and sticky, holding 1-4 hard, woody, warty stones, with tasty, reniform endocarp, which is eaten raw or roasted, and produces a nondrying edible oil. The wood is durable and used for boat-building. The correctly expressed oil of its nuts produces an effective healing balm. 
This species is illustrated and discussed in detail in "Curtis's Botanical Magazine" volume 54 published in 1827, and figured on plates 2727 and 2728 using material sent from the island of Saint Vincent by the Revd. Lansdown Guilding.

</doc>
<doc id="9646618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646618" title="The Sunnyboys">
The Sunnyboys

Sunnyboys are an Australian post-punk, power pop band formed in Sydney in 1980. Fronted by singer-songwriter, guitarist Jeremy Oxley, the band "breathed some freshness and vitality into the divergent Sydney scene". Their first two albums, "Sunnyboys" and "Individuals" both charted into the Top 30 of the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart.
The Sunnyboys produced melodic power pop classics and were rewarded with an immediate positive response. The original line-up ended in June 1984. Jeremy Oxley formed various incarnations of the band throughout the 1980s and into 1991, as the only original member. They original line-up (without Burgman) reunited for a one-off show in 1998 for the Mushroom 25 Concert. In 2012 the original line-up reunited for a surprise show in Sydney as part of the Dig It Up concert series. The played sporadic shows in 2013 and undertook a national headline tour in March 2014.
History.
Things happened very quickly for The Sunnyboys, who went from playing inner-city venues to scoring hit singles for the prestigious Mushroom label all within a year of formation. What set the band apart in many ways was Oxley's song writing ability. The chemistry between the four members was perfect too.
The Oxley brothers, Jeremy and Peter, and Bill Bilson hailed from the northern New South Wales town of Kingscliff where they played in a garage band called Wooden Horse. The band gained early experience when the students of Tweed River High School were obliged to attend a compulsory concert in school hours arranged by the Oxley's father, who was an art teacher at the school. Anyone who failed to applaud or was in any way unsupportive was awarded detention. Richard Burgman (Kamikaze Kids) came from Wagga Wagga, and they all met in Sydney in 1979, forming The Sunnyboys.
The band's name was based on an orange flavoured frozen ice treat of the same name. It came in a tetrahedron shaped ‘tetra-pack’. These ice confections were very popular as a cheap summer treat all over Australia. According to Richard Burgman the band chose the name because it represented ‘bright, happy, young, fun’.
On 15 August 1980, they played their first gig, supporting The Lipstick Killers, and Me 262. In October of that year the band recorded four songs with Lobby Loyde. The tracks, "Love To Rule", "The Seeker", "What You Need" and "Alone With You", all appeared on the band's self-titled and independently released 4-track 7" EP on Phantom Records. The initial pressing of 1,000 copies sold out in two weeks.It was later remixed and reissued as a 12".
The Sunnyboys signed to Mushroom Records in February 1981, becoming the first Sydney-based band on the label, and by July that year had cracked the mainstream charts with the single "Happy Man". The same month they released their own independent EP which was given away at gigs, entitled "Happy Birthday" containing the tracks "What You Need", "Why Do I Cry?", "I Want To Be Alone" and "Let You Go". Their eponymous debut LP was recorded at Alberts Studio during May, June and July 1981 with producer/mentor Lobby Loyde. The album had an initial print run of 2,000 on yellow vinyl, reached number 13 on the national album charts in October 1981 and remains an Australian classic. The album produced a second hit single, a new version of "Alone With You", which reached number 15 on the national singles chart, establishing The Sunnyboys as a bona fide headline attraction.
In the midst of their heavy touring schedule the band recorded their second album, "Individuals" (issued May 1982). The album peaked at number 19 and two singles from the record charted briefly: "You Need A Friend" and "This Is Real".
Their fifth single, "Show Me Some Discipline" charted in Sydney only. The band meanwhile travelled to the United Kingdom where they played two sold out shows at the famous Marquee Club before recording their 3rd album at Ridgefarm Studios, Surrey. The resultant album, "Get Some Fun" displayed a greater diversity and more confident musicianship. To coincide with the album's release, the band embarked on their first national Australian tour since May 1983. Neither the LP or the singles from the album ("Love In A Box" and "Comes As No Surprise") charted.
Internal dissent plagued the band; Jeremy Oxley was battling mental illness and drinking heavily as a result. The Sunnyboys announced their break-up in June 1984. Their farewell tour produced the album "Real Live" which was recorded over two nights in Sydney (29 and 30 June).
Post original line-up.
In 1985, the French label Closer combined The Sunnyboys' first two albums as a double set entitled "Days Are Gone" for the European market. Following the demise of The Sunnyboys, Jeremy Oxley launched a new band called Chinless Elite. Shortly thereafter he formed another (and more successful) group, called The Fishermen. This band released one single entitled "Can't You Stop?" on the Waterfront label.
Richard Burgman meanwhile joined The Saints and ultimately Weddings Parties Anything. He later emigrated to Canada. Peter Oxley and Bill Bilson formed the soul band The Sparklers with another Oxley sibling, Melanie.
In late 1987, Jeremy Oxley attempted to revive The Sunnyboys with a new line-up. The new band signed a deal with RCA and released an album entitled "Wildcat" (produced by ex-Sherbet keyboard player, Garth Porter). This incarnation of the band broke up in 1990.
In July 1991, Mushroom released the compilation album "Plays The Best" and the original line-up reunited for a national tour.
Following this, Jeremy Oxley played further shows and also assembled yet another incarnation of "The Sunnyboys", with Jeremy Oxley as the sole original member. 
This group played only a few gigs as The Sunnyboys, after widespread audience discontent and a dispute over the right to use the name. The group then played a handful of gigs as the "Jeremy Oxley Band", performing the songs that later appeared on an EP credited to Jeremy "Ponytail" Oxley, titled "A Little Bit Of You In Me". 
Oxley's management replaced the musicians in the "live" Jeremy Oxley Band for the recording of the EP.
In November 1998 the band reformed for the Mushroom 25 Concert at the Melbourne Cricket Ground to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Mushroom Records, organised by Michael Gudinski. For the concert Burgman was replaced by Jeremy and Peter's younger brother Tim Oxley on guitar. The Sunnyboys appeared on the original VHS release of the concert and the 2002 re-release CD and DVD. In October 2010, their 1981 debut album, "Sunnyboys", was listed in the top 40 in the book, "100 Best Australian Albums".
2012 onwards.
On 22 April 2012 the original line-up of the band played as part of the Dig It Up concert series organised by the Hoodoo Gurus, at the Enmore Theatre in Sydney, Australia. The band was listed on the bill as "Kids In Dust". They played a 45 minute set that opened with a song from Wildcat and featured songs drawn mostly from the first self-titled album ("Happy Man", "Alone With You", "Tunnel Of Love", "Let You Go", "I'm Shakin'", "My Only Friend", "Liar") and their first EP ("What You Need", "Love To Rule") as well as "Show Me Some Discipline".
On 18 July 2012 it was announced that the original line-up of The Sunnyboys would be playing at the 2012 Meredith Music Festival on the 7th of December. The following night they played a show at the Corner Hotel in Melbourne, which sold out in under an hour.
In late January and early February 2013, they supported Elvis Costello and the Imposters on their Australian tour. The band played at the Coolangatta Hotel on the 24th and 25 May 2013. On the 2nd of June they played a sold out performance at the Concert Hall of the Sydney Opera House.
On 6 December 2013, "Our Best Of" was released by Warner Music Australia. A 16 track retrospective featuring remastered songs and rarities. On 14 March 2014, The Sunnyboys re-released their debut eponymous LP with a second CD titled "New Kicks" which features 17 complete and unreleased pre-album demo sessions, as well as notes and photos in the booklet contributed by band members and fans.
The band undertook a national headline tour in March 2014.
Discography.
Albums.
Track Listing
Side 1
1.I Can't Talk To You
2.My Only Friend
3.Trouble In My Brain
4.Gone
5.It's Not Me
6.Happy Man
Side 2
1.Alone With you
2.Tunnel Of My Love
3.Liar
4.Let You Go
5.I'm Shakin
6.I Can't Talk To you ( Reprise )
Track Listing
Side One
1.This Is Real
2.Individuals
3.It's A Sunny Day
4.Leaf On A Tree
5.You Need A Friend
Side Two
1.No Love Around
2.I'm Not Satisfied
3.Days Are Gone
4.You Don't Need Me
5.Colour Of Love
Extended plays.
Track Listing
Side A
1.Alone With You
2.What You Need
Side B
1.The Seeker
2.Love To Rule

</doc>
<doc id="9646629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646629" title="Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris">
Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris

Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris (17 March 1831 - 8 April 1924) was an Italian general, especially remembered for his brutal repression of riots in Milan in 1898, known as the Bava-Beccaris massacre.
Biography.
Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris was born in Fossano, and took part in the Crimean War and the Italian Wars of Independence. 
In May 1898, when serious riots arising from high food prices broke out in Milan, the Italian government under Antonio di Rudinì declared a state of siege in the city. General Bava-Beccaris, as extraordinary commissar of the city, ordered his soldiers to fire on demonstrators, who had erected several barricades during a strike. Artillery was also used. According to official figures 80 people were killed and 450 wounded. However actual deaths may have been twice those recorded.
In recognition of his action Bava-Beccaris received the Great Cross of the Order of Savoy from King Humbert I in June 1898. He was shortly afterwards appointed to the Italian Senate. During 1914, he warmly supported the interventionist party in Italy who wished to participate in World War I, (as they did on May 25, 1915). In 1922, he recommended that King Victor Emmanuel III grant power to Benito Mussolini and the National Fascist Party.
Bava-Beccaris retired in 1902. He died in Rome in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="9646634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646634" title="Eco-Runner Team Delft">
Eco-Runner Team Delft

Eco-Runner Team Delft is the first (student)team from the Netherlands to participate in the Shell Eco-marathon at the Rockingham Speedway in the UK in July 2006. After its first participation, three new Dutch teams arose in the next year, competing in the Nogaro Circuit Shell Eco-marathon in May 2007. There are currently 11 teams in the Netherlands that will compete during the Shell Eco Marathon Europe 2011 in Lausitz, Germany.
About the Team.
Eco-Runner Team Delft was founded by a handful of technology students in the Netherlands in November 2005. In its first year, the team consisted of eleven second year students of the Faculty of Aerospace Engineering, Delft University of Technology. Seven of these students were from Belgium and four were Dutch. The team's goal was to compete in the Shell Eco-marathon on the Rockingham Speedway in the UK in July 2006.
After the first year, some of the first year team members left the team, but new members were recruited. As of 2011, the team consists of 20 members, including two drivers.
The First Year.
In its first year the Eco-Runner Team Delft built the Eco-Runner 1. This vehicle was built in a limited time and with limited resources, but it nonetheless achieved the team's goal of running 500 kilometers on one litre of petrol. Even with a non-functioning fuel injection system, which was the most important feature of the vehicle, the team was able to achieve 557 kilometers per litre. This achievement encouraged the team to build a new Eco-Runner and participate again with a goal of 2000 kilometres per litre and a top-5 place in the Shell Eco-marathon at the Rockingham speedway.
The Eco-Runner H2.
This new Eco-Runner is called the Eco-Runner H2. Its main improvement with respect to the first version is its completely integrated design. This results in an extremely aerodynamic shape and a light weight of the vehicle. On top of that the team is developing two propulsion methods for this new Eco-Runner H2, actually resulting in two Eco-Runners H2.
The first propulsion method comprises a fuel cell driving an electric motor. 
The other method is a six-stroke petrol combustion engine. The basic principle of this engine is the same to that of a four-stroke engine but for the injection of a drop of water after the fourth stroke. Due to the extreme heat remaining in the cylinder head, the water will expand rapidly, resulting in a "free" working stroke. The team is aware of this engine's downside, which is the combination of water, high temperature and high pressure, inevitably resulting in a high level over corrosion.
The Eco-Runner H2 participated in the 2007 edition of the Shell Eco Marathon, where it achieved the Dutch fuel efficiency record of 2282 km/l of petrol using the fuel cell set-up (The hydrogen consumption of the fuel cell is monitored carefully by race officials and then converted to the equivalent of a liter of Shell 95 standard fuel using specific combustion heat of both substances). This was despite a hastily repaired and therefore very poorly working cruise control - a feature essential for keeping all of the components at their point of maximum efficiency. The Eco-Runner H2 holds the Dutch fuel efficiency record to this day.
The Eco-Runner 3.
The next generation of the Eco-Runner is currently under design/construction and will participate in the Shell Eco Marathon 2011 where the target for the new team will be 3000 km/l. Simulations show that the vehicle might even do quite a lot better than this target. The team currently consists of around 20 dedicated members, designing and producing the new vehicle. 
Major improvements over the old vehicle include the aerodynamics and fuel cell efficiency which have all received major upgrades while the weight of the vehicle will drop by a significant amount. Almost no part of the Eco-Runner 3 will be off-the-shelf: 95% of all components are of an in-house design or at the very least modified to suite the team's specific needs. The vehicle is expected to be operational by end of April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9646645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646645" title="Vortis (Doctor Who)">
Vortis (Doctor Who)

Vortis is a fictional planet in the (equally fictional) Isop galaxy, created by Bill Strutton and originally featuring in six 1965 BBC episodes of the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", collectively titled "The Web Planet", and featuring William Hartnell as the First Doctor. It also appeared in an original "Doctor Who" novel, "Twilight of the Gods", one of the Virgin Missing Adventures range. and an audio drama "Return to the Web Planet" produced by Big Finish Productions.
The popularity of "The Web Planet" meant that two of the species inhabiting Vortis, the ant-like Zarbi and the butterfly Menoptra, appeared twice in the 1966 "Doctor Who Annual". One story, "Lair of the Zarbi Supremo" by David Whitaker, was released as an audio feature on the 2006 DVD release of the original adventure, read by one of its stars, William Russell.
History of Vortis.
The planet appears to be cold, dark and lifeless, but nevertheless supports a breathable atmosphere, water and presumably food. Before the sinister Animus took control of the planet, Vortis was covered in a flower forest, which the Menoptra hoped would return.
Many years later after the Animus was apparently vanquished, Vortis drifted into the neighboring Rhumos system and was fought over by the Rhumons, who considered it a disputed territory. The Animus had also survived, until the intervention of a time traveller once more brought peace to the troubled world.
Species of Vortis.
Menoptra.
Resembling giant, humanoid butterflies and able to achieve space flight with their wings alone, the Menoptra were the original masters of Vortis until the Animus inveigled itself within the minds of the Zarbi. The Menoptra fled to Pictos, one of the moons of Vortis, eventually planning an invasion. Those that were captured were either killed or forced to work, once their wings had been removed by the Zarbi. That their attempt to retake their home world was a success was largely down to the efforts of the aforementioned party of time travellers.
Optera.
In an apparent example of emerging speciation, some of the Menoptra fled underground, adapting to a subterranean environment and calling themselves the Optera. This species have lost the ability to fly, and resemble upright caterpillars, indicating that they had evolved through neoteny. They also have larger eyes than their Menoptra brethren. However, they have numerous arms and appear to 'hop' in a stylised way. With the Animus defeated, they appeared to believe that future generations of Optera would redevelop flight.
Venom Grubs.
Unlike the other bipedal species of Vortis, Venom Grubs crawl along the ground. They were used as mobile weapons by the Zarbi, able to shoot venom from their snouts that proved fatal to all it touched. The Grubs were rendered harmless once the Zarbi were freed from the Animus's influence.
Venom Grubs were mentioned in the 2005 episode Boom Town, where it is implied that they are used to punish disobedient Slitheen.
Zarbi.
The Zarbi resemble giant ants, and according to the Menoptra have been used as cattle in the planet's history. These insectoids lack intelligence, and so were easily enslaved by the malevolant Animus and used against the Menoptra. When the Animus's evil influence was lifted through the intervention of a mysterious time traveller and his human companions, the Zarbi returned to their docile state.
According to the novelisation of "The Web Planet", the Zarbi reproduce through the "Zarbi Supremo", who acts like a queen bee. The Supremo also appeared in the 1966 "Doctor Who Annual".

</doc>
<doc id="9646648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646648" title="Chlorine bombings in Iraq">
Chlorine bombings in Iraq

Chlorine bombings in Iraq began as early as October 2006, when insurgents in Al Anbar province started using chlorine gas in conjunction with conventional vehicle-borne explosive devices. 
The inaugural chlorine attacks in Iraq were described as poorly executed, probably because much of the chemical agent was rendered nontoxic by the heat of the accompanying explosives. Subsequent, more refined, attacks resulted in hundreds of injuries, but have proven not to be a viable means of inflicting massive loss of life. Their primary impact has therefore been to cause widespread panic, with large numbers of civilians suffering non life-threatening, but nonetheless highly traumatic, injuries.
Chlorine was used as a poison gas in World War I, but was delivered by artillery shell, unlike the modern stationary or car bombs. Still, its function as a weapon in both instances is similar. Low level exposure results in burning sensations to the eyes, nose and throat, usually accompanied by dizziness, nausea and vomiting. Higher levels of exposure can cause fatal lung damage; but because the gas is heavier than air it will not dissipate until well after an explosion, it is generally considered ineffective as an improvised chemical weapon.

</doc>
<doc id="9646650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646650" title="Ethiopian philosophy">
Ethiopian philosophy

By “Ethiopian philosophy” is generally understood the philosophy written in Ge'ez on the territory of present-day Ethiopia and Eritrea. Because of its written character and early development, Ethiopian philosophy occupies a unique position within African philosophy.
Beginnings of Ethiopian philosophy.
The character of Ethiopian philosophy is determined by the particular conditions of evolution of the Ethiopian culture. Thus, Ethiopian philosophy arises from the confluence of Greek and Patristic philosophy with African traditional modes of thought. Because of the early isolation from its sources of spirituality – Byzantium and Alexandria – Ethiopia received some of its philosophical heritage through Arabic versions.
The sapiential literature developed under these circumstances is the result of a twofold effort of creative assimilation: on one side, of a tuning of Orthodoxy to traditional modes of thought (never eradicated), and vice-versa, and, on the other side, of absorption of Greek pagan and early Patristic thought into this developing African-Christian synthesis. As a consequence, the moral reflection of religious inspiration is prevalent, and the use of narrative, parable, apothegm and rich imagery is preferred to the use of abstract argument. This sapiential literature consists in translations and adaptations of some Greek texts, namely of the "Physiolog" (cca. 5th century A.D.), "The Life and Maxims of Skendes" (11th century A.D.) and "The Book of the Wise Philosophers" (1510/22).
Mature Ethiopian philosophy.
In the 17th century the Ethiopian identity is challenged by king Suseynos’ conversion to Catholicism, and by a consistent presence of Jesuit missionaries. It is the attempt of forcefully imposing Catholicism to Ethiopians during Suseynos that provokes the most impressive effort of independent thinking known to us in 17th century Africa. Zera Yacob (1599–1692) is the most important exponent of Ethiopian philosophy, and his treatise "Hatata" (1667) is a work worthy of being included in the narrow canon of universal philosophy.
Zera Yacob.
Zera Yacob had a culture entirely theological. Although of humble birth, he made himself remarked for his intellectual capacities, and went on to pursue the traditional Ethiopian theological education. He mastered Coptic theology and Catholic theology, and he had extensive knowledge of Jewish and Islamic religions. His spiritual "vade mecum" was David’s "Book of Psalms", in which he sought comfort and inspiration.
Knowing thus two Christian interpretations of the Bible, as well as the two other Abrahamic religions, and seeing the contradictions between them, Zera Yacob is led to refuse the authority of the Ethiopian tradition and of any tradition in general. He comes to think that the tradition is infested by lies, due to the fact that men, in their arrogance, believe that they know everything and thus refuse to examine things with their own mind, blindly accepting what has been transmitted to them by their forefathers. The philosopher accepts then as unique authority his reason, and accepts from the Scriptures and from the dogmas only what resists a rational inquiry. He affirms that the human reason can find the truth, if it searches it and does not get discouraged in front of the difficulties.
Thus, by his piece-meal examination (this is what "hatätä" means), Zera Yacob arrives at an argument for the existence of God (an essence uncreated and eternal), based on the impossibility of an infinite chain of causes, and at the conviction that the Creation is good, because God is good. This belief is the basis for a criticism of ascetic morals and of some Jewish and Islamic moral precepts as well. By identifying the will of God with what is rational Zera Yacob rejects most of these moral precepts (e.g. concerning polygamy, or fasting, or sexual or alimentary interdictions) as blasphemy. He seems to think that all is good for the good one, reminding thus of the mode of thought expressed in the profession of faith of the other great Zara Yaqob, the Emperor from the 15th century.
Walda Heywat.
Zera Yacob had a disciple, Walda Heywat, who also wrote a philosophical treatise, systematising his master’s thought. He accorded more attention to the practical and educational problems, and he tried to connect Zera Yacob’s philosophy with the kind of wisdom expressed in the earlier sapiential literature. Walda Heywat recurs intensively to illustrations and parabola, and many times the source of his examples is the "Book of the Wise Philosophers". Although his work is less original than that of his master’s, it can be considered "more Ethiopian", since it represents a synthesis through which some ideas engendered by Zera Yacob’s rejection of tradition are brought together with traditional Christian-inspired wisdom. It is “more Ethiopian” also in the sense that it addresses some practical, social and moral issues that most Ethiopians of his time encountered in their lives. Thus, Walda Heywat’s work is less speculative, but more national in character than the treatise of his master, Zera Yacob.

</doc>
<doc id="9646674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646674" title="Flood Gallery Fine Arts Center">
Flood Gallery Fine Arts Center

Flood Fine Arts Center is a non-profit contemporary art institution in the River Arts District in Asheville, North Carolina. It has made significant contributions to the region by cultivating a strong exhibitions program bringing in artists both national and international, and through its expansive arts in education programs.
History.
The Flood Gallery and Fine Arts Center is housed inside the Historical Phil Mechanic Studios Building (circa 1923). It was built originally as the Pierce-Young-Angel Food Storage Warehouse located near the French Broad River and Norfolk Southern Railroad in the industrial area currently known as the River Arts District. The Mechanic family purchased the building in the 70’s, and it became a construction company. When Phil Mechanic died in the late 1990s, his son, Mitch Mechanic, inherited the building. Mitch and his wife, Jolene, converted the building into ateliers, or art studio spaces. After a massive upgrade to bring the 90 year old building up to city code compliance, the place became Phil Mechanic Studios. In 2005, Jolene Mechanic, and popular local artist Sean “Jinx” Pace, collaborated and became co-founders and created the non-profit Flood Gallery and Fine Art Center.
Today, Phil Mechanic Studios has become a hub for art and science. They currently house Blue Ridge Biofuels, the only Biofuel production facility in the region; two art galleries – the Flood Gallery and the Pump Gallery showcasing an ambitious exhibitions program for both local artists as well as national and international artists; 17 artist studios, and a library featuring more than 1,000 books and internet capability for the artists in residence.
Exhibitions.
The Flood Fine Arts Center opened its exhibition space in 2005, with international artist H.K. Zamani (a.k.a. Habib Kheradyar Zamani). Zamani has shown his work in Prague, the Czech Republic; Lublin, Poland; Graz, Austria; Frankfurt, Germany; Amsterdam, The Netherlands; Bangkok, Thailand; London, England; and now resides in Los Angeles, California where he shows work regularly. 
In the past five years, The Flood Fine Arts Center has hosted other internationally acclaimed artists including Jim Buonaccorsi, Nava Lubelski, Mike Estabrook, Cory Bradley, Mike Calway-Fagen, Allen Leper Hampton, Porge Buck, Heinz Kossler, and James Esber.
Collections.
The Flood Fine Arts Center houses 146 posters from the Iranian Revolution of 1979. This collection opens October 5, 2013 in four venues in Asheville, NC before traveling to galleries in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, Chicago, New York and London. The exhibit catalogue is authored by Hamid Dabashi, of Columbia University with a forward by Courtyard Gallery Director, Carlos Steward.

</doc>
<doc id="9646681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646681" title="Leif Nielsen">
Leif Nielsen

Leif Bernhard Nielsen (born 28 May 1942) is a Danish former football (soccer) goalkeeper, who was named the 1966 Danish Player of the Year. He played 28 games for the Denmark national football team, and participated in the 1964 European Championship. He played for BK Frem in Denmark. In 1968, he played for the Houston Stars of the North American Soccer League before finishing his career with Scottish club Greenock Morton.

</doc>
<doc id="9646711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646711" title="Leif Nielsen (footballer born 1943)">
Leif Nielsen (footballer born 1943)

Leif Nielsen (born 31 March 1943) is a Danish former football (soccer) player, who played for Fremad Amager and BK Frem in Denmark. Nielsen was the top goalscorer of the 1967 Danish football championship. He played four games and scored four goals for the Denmark national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9646721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646721" title="Johnny Leonard">
Johnny Leonard

John "Johnny" Leonard (8 June 1903 – 3 May 1995) was a player and coach of Australian rules football in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and the Victorian Football League (later renamed to Australian Football League) in the period 1922 to 1946.
He was born in England.
Playing career.
A slightly built (173 cm, 68 kg) and very quick rover with brilliant skills, Leonard played in Subiaco Football Club's 1924 premiership side. He was Subiaco's Best and Fairest player five times. He played 158 senior club games and represented his State 25 times.
He won the Sandover Medal in 1926 (the first English-born player to do so) and was awarded a retrospective medal for the 1929 season after finishing second on a countback. Prior to 1930 only one vote per game was given by the umpire, and a countback was not possible; the WAFL president would cast a deciding vote to decide the winner. Both Leonard and William (Billy) Thomas of East Perth Football Club polled the umpire's vote in five matches.
With the Great Depression limiting employment options, Leonard moved to Victoria in 1931, coaching Maryborough in the Ballarat Football League, then in 1932 being appointed as Captain-Coach of South Melbourne.
Playing career highlights:
Coaching career.
Leonard coached over only nine seasons but with a great deal of success, securing 5 WANFL premierships. He coached South Melbourne for the 1932 season, taking it to its first finals campaign in almost a decade. He is credited with laying the groundwork for the 'foreign legion' team which won the 1933 VFL premiership. He recruited leading WANFL players such as his Subiaco team mates Brighton Diggins and Bill Faul.
Returning to Perth in 1933 for employment, he embarked on a further successful coaching period. He steered West Perth Football Club to successive premierships in 1934 and 1935. He coached Claremont Football Club to three premierships, including the club's first ever premiership in 1938.
Leonard was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9646733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646733" title="Lawrence Hill, Bristol">
Lawrence Hill, Bristol

Lawrence Hill is an electoral ward of Bristol, United Kingdom. It takes its name from a small area just to the east of the city centre, and includes the districts of Barton Hill, St Philips Marsh and Redcliffe, Temple Meads and parts of Easton and the Broadmead shopping area.
It is the most deprived electoral ward in the south west region of England, is part of the Bristol European Union Objective 2 area, and has a New Deal for Communities project within its boundaries. The Bristol & Bath Railway Path starts in the south of the ward.
History.
Lawrence Hill takes its name from a leper hospital dedicated to St Lawrence, which was
founded by King John in 1208 when he was Earl of Mortain. The hospital was located somewhere in the vicinity of Lawrence Hill roundabout. The right to appoint the master
was held by the Crown until it was granted to Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester during the reign
of Henry V (1413–22). The Hospital of St Lawrence was never rich, and by the mid 15th
century it had fallen into decay. In 1465 the hospital was granted to the Dean and Chapter of
Westbury College, and it remained in their possession until it was surrendered to the Crown in
1544. In 1544 the properties of Westbury College, which included the Hospital of St Lawrence, were
confiscated by the Crown, then sold to Sir Ralph Sadlier, who re-built the hospital as a mansion house. The estate remained in the hands of the Sadlier family until at least 1608
. Queen Elizabeth I stayed at St Lawrence during her visit to Bristol in 1574, which suggests that the mansion was probably a substantial building, but by the 18th
century it was in ruins. Today the exact location of the hospital remains unknown.
During the post-medieval period Bristol gradually expanded beyond its medieval walls and by
the early 18th century there was a significant amount of development along the main east-west road through Lawrence Hill.
During the 18th and early 19th centuries the land to the east of Bristol was characterised by
market gardens and nurseries interspersed with industrial operations such iron, lead, glass
and brick works, potteries and coal mines. Industrialisation of the area led to an increase in
population, and by the early 19th century Lawrence Hill had become a suburb of Bristol.
The main road through Lawrence Hill was one of the first to be re-surfaced with John Macadam's revolutionary
new ‘Macadamisation’ process, which he undertook soon after he was appointed surveyor of
the Bristol Turnpike Trust in 1816.
Holy Trinity is a church that is located on the corner of Trinity Road and Clarence Road, which was built in 1829-32 by Thomas Rickman and Hutchinson. Later alterations were carried out "c" 1882 by John Bevan and in 1905 by William Venn Gough.
Barton Hill.
Barton Hill is an area of Bristol that includes residential, retail and industrial premises and is crossed by major roads, railway tracks and the feeder canal leading to Bristol Harbour. The parish church is St Luke's, built 1843–50. Christ Church Barton Hill was opened in 1883 and demolished in 1957. A large geometrical Gothic church without a west front but good looks and a nice apse.
Redcliffe.
Redcliffe is a district adjoining the city centre. It is bounded by the loop of the Floating Harbour (including Bathurst Basin) to the west, north and east, the New Cut of the River Avon to the south and Totterdown Basin to the south-east. Most of Redcliffe lies within the city ward of Lawrence Hill, although the western most section, including the cliffs and hill from which the area takes its name, is in Cabot ward.
Redcliffe takes its name from the red sandstone cliffs which line the southern side of the Floating Harbour, behind Phoenix Wharf and Redcliffe Wharf. These cliffs are honey-combed with tunnels constructed both to extract sand for the local glass making industry and to act as store houses for goods. Part of the last remaining glass kiln in the area is now the Kiln Restaurant of the Hilton National Hotel in Redcliffe Way. The parish church of St. Mary Redcliffe is one of Bristol's best known churches, with a spire soaring to a height of 292 ft (90m).
St Philip's.
St Philip's is the industrial area north of the Feeder Canal.
St Philip's Marsh.
St Philip's Marsh is an industrial inner suburb of Bristol. The River Avon and Harbour feeder canal run through the area. The site is currently home of a large retail and leisure park with Showcase cinemas and Hollywood Bowl among its residents. It has been extensively redeveloped in the past 15 years and a bypass runs over the River Avon creating a major transport link from the A4 road in south east Bristol, to junction 3 of the M32 motorway near the city centre. In past years St Philip's marsh was a housing development for the workers of Bristol's market area (now known as Old Market). One of St Philip's more influential residents during the early 1900s was George Townsend, a major property developer of the South Bristol area. His family home, situated in the St Anne's area of Bristol, is still standing today and a reminder of Bristol's history.
Transport.
It is served by Bristol Temple Meads railway station, Lawrence Hill railway station, and buses to Bath, Bitton, Keynsham, Kingswood, Longwell Green and Staple Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="9646734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646734" title="Chai Prakan District">
Chai Prakan District

Chai Prakan () is a district ("amphoe") in the northern part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the south clockwise) Phrao, Chiang Dao, Fang of Chiang Mai Province and Mae Suai of Chiang Rai Province.
The Khun Tan Range stretches from north to south along the eastern side of the district. The western tip of the district lies within the Daen Lao Range.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") Chai Prakarn was created on January 1, 1988, when four "tambon" were split off from Fang district. It was upgraded to a full district on July 4, 1994.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 43 villages ("muban"). Chai Prakarn itself is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Pong Tam, Si Dong Yen and Nong Bua. There are further 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9646752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646752" title="Digital speakers">
Digital speakers

Digital speakers are a form of loudspeaker technology. Not to be confused with modern digital formats and processing, they are a mature technology, having been experimented with extensively by Bell Labs as far back as the 1920s.
Principle of operation.
The least significant bit drives a tiny speaker driver, of whatever physical design is chosen; a value of "1" causes this driver to be driven full amplitude, a value of "0" causes it to be off. This allows for high efficiency in the amplifier, which at any time is either passing zero current, or required to drop the output voltage by zero volts, therefore in a theoretical ideal amplifier dissipating no power as heat at any time. The next least significant bit drives a speaker of twice the area (most often, but not necessarily, a ring around the previous driver), again to either full amplitude, or off. The next least significant bit drives a speaker of twice this area, and so on.
Other approaches are possible. For example instead of doubling the area of the next most significant diaphragm segment, it could simply be driven so it stroked twice as far. The digital principle of operation and attendant amplifier efficiency benefits would remain.
Problems.
Although digital speakers can function, there are various problems with this design which make it impractical for any normal uses at present.
Size.
For the number of bits required for high quality sound reproduction, the size of the system becomes impractically large. For example, for a 16-bit system with the same bit depth as the 16-bit audio CD standard, starting with a 0.5 cm² driver for the least significant bit would require a total area for the driver array of 32,000 cm², or over 34 square feet (3.2 m²).
Ultrasonic output.
To work properly, all of the individual diaphragm elements would have to operate cleanly at the clock frequency. The natural frequency response of the various elements will vary with their size. This creates a DAC where the various bits have different bandpass characteristics. Large short-term errors can be expected.
Since this system is converting digital signal to analog, the effect of aliasing is unavoidable, so that the audio output is "reflected" at equal amplitude in the frequency domain, on the other side of the sampling frequency. One solution would be to overclock the conversion elements, introduce a digital filter and follow them with an acoustical low pass filter.
Even accounting for the vastly lower efficiency of speaker drivers at such high frequencies, the result was to generate an unacceptably high level of ultrasonics accompanying the desired output.
In electronic digital to analog conversion, this is addressed by the use of low-pass filters to eliminate the spurious upper frequencies produced. Since these frequencies are eliminated in the electrical signal, they are not passed to the speaker and thus ultrasonic airwaves are not generated.
However, electronic filtering is inherently unable to solve this problem with the digital loudspeaker. The speaker elements must operate ultrasonically to avoid introducing (high levels of) audible artifacts, and this means ultrasonic airwaves are inevitable. Electronics can filter electrical signals, but can not remove ultrasonic frequencies already in the air.
Efficiency.
Although amplifier efficiency is good with this system, moving coil speakers operate at relatively low efficiency in the ultrasonic frequency region. Thus the original aim of the method is defeated.
Cost.
The large number of speaker drivers in the array, and the equally large number of amplifier channels to drive them makes for a pricey system.
Improvements.
There are ways to tackle the above issues, but none lead to a competitive or even issue free system.
Size.
System size can be easily made practical by using less than 16 bits. With a 0.5 cm² LSB, system sizes are:
A larger number of bits can be accommodated in a given space by varying the throw of the different elements as well as their area. This can achieve a magnitude or more of area improvement for a given bit depth. One could fit a 13 bit array into a square foot, or a 16 bit array into .
Ultrasonics.
A passive air coupled diaphragm fitted over the array of digital drivers can act as a mechanical low pass filter. However, a sharp frequency cutoff is impossible, so significant ultrasonics would still be present. Multiple passive diaphragms could improve this, but would never remove all ultrasonics, and only add further to the system's already high cost and complexity.
Intractable problems.
The complexity and thus cost are both high compared to standard moving coil speakers.
The efficiency of speakers operated at ultrasonic frequencies is low, wiping out any efficiency gain in the amplifier.
Practical speakers demand production of fairly high volumes from fairly small cabinets, a combination that is difficult to achieve using ultrasonic speaker drivers.
Full removal of ultrasonic output is impractical.
The large number of required speaker and amplifier elements reduces system reliability significantly
Other more modern approaches to high efficiency, particularly class D amplification, work much better and at much lower cost than digital speakers.
Speakers marked as digital.
Modern speakers marketed as 'digital' are always analog speakers, in most cases driven by an analog amplifier. The widespread use of the term 'digital' with speakers is a marketing ploy intended to claim better suitability with 'digital' source material (e.g., MP3 recordings), or impute 'higher technology' than some other speaker, and perhaps higher price. If pressed, manufacturers may claim the term means the product is 'ready' for input from digital players; this is true of essentially all speaker systems.
There are also a minority of Class D and Class T digital amplifier driven analog speakers, though these are not normally found in separate computer speakers or home stereo systems. These are common in laptops, where their higher cost is justified by battery power savings. The speakers in such equipment are still analog.

</doc>
<doc id="9646788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646788" title="Norwegian National Rail Administration">
Norwegian National Rail Administration

The Norwegian National Rail Administration () is a government agency responsible for owning, maintaining, operating and developing the Norwegian railway network, including the track, stations, classification yards, traffic management and timetables. Safety oversight is the duty of the Norwegian Railway Inspectorate, while numerous operating companies run trains on the lines; the largest being the state owned passenger company Norges Statsbaner (NSB) and the freight company CargoNet.
The administration operates all railways in Norway, except public station areas and freight terminals built before 1997 and private sidings. All track is standard gauge, with a total of , of which is electrified, and is double track. The Norwegian Railway Museum is a subsidiary of the rail administration.
On 1 December 1996, NSB was split up; formally NSB and the inspectorate were demerged from the National Rail Administration, and NSB made a limited company. All three became subordinate the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications. The administration got its own chief executive, Steinar Killi, from 1 July 1999.
History.
State ownership of railways was at first through partial ownership of the many lines built during the 1860s and 1970s; by 1883, the authorities decided to create the Norwegian State Railways (NSB) that would own and operate most lines. By the 1960s, passenger transport on private railways was abolished, and only a few private lines remained; the last, Kirkenes–Bjørnevatnbanen, was closed in 1997. Since then the agency has operated all railway lines in the country, except tramways and the Oslo T-bane, that are operated by their respective counties.
The National Rail Administration was created on 1 December 1996 when Norges Statsbaner was split into two agencies, the Norwegian National Rail Administration and the Norwegian Railway Inspectorate, and one limited company, NSB BA. Until 1 July 1999, NSB and the administration continued to have the same board and the same director, Osmund Ueland.
By 1899, NSB had a copper communication wires spanning the entire network. In 1985, NSB and Televerket agreed to build a national network of optical fiber that would span the entire railway network. This remained part of Jernbaneverket until 2001, when it was transferred to the subsidiary BaneTele. The same year it bought the bankrupt telecom company Enitel, and the whole subsidiary transferred to the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry in 2002.
In 2005, the maintenance division was demerged, and established as the limited company Baneservice, owned directly by the ministry. This was part of a program initiated by the conservative-liberal government to privatize the maintenance of the tracks, by forcing the administration to perform tenders; similar policies were being enforced on the Public Roads Administration and Coastal Administration. The process of privatizing the work of 1,100 employees was discontinued after the 2005 election, following the victory of the socialist coalition government.
Operations.
All track is now standard gauge, with a total of , of which is electrified at , and is double track. Gardermobanen, at , is the only high-speed line. The network consists of 716 tunnels, 2,572 bridges and 3,690 level crossings. The railways transported 61,121,000 passengers for 3,202 million passenger kilometers and 30,271,000 tonnes of cargo for 3,489 million tonne kilometers in 2012. The same year there were 20 train-related accidents, with two fatalities.
Organization.
The administration is divided into a directorate and divisions for infrastructure management, infrastructure construction and traffic management; BaneEnergi is subordinate the traffic management and is responsible for supplying electricity to the railway companies. Main offices are located in Oslo, while regional offices are located in Bergen, Hamar and Trondheim, while train control areas are also located in Drammen, Kristiansand, Stavanger and Narvik. The administration also runs the Norwegian Railway College in Oslo and the Norwegian Railway Museum in Hamar. The agency has about 2,900 employees.
In 2007, the administration had a revenue of NOK 5,661 million, of which 1,934 M went to operation, 1,369 M to maintenance, 67 M to Gardermobanen and 2,291 M to investments. Of the investments 82% went to new lines, notably Askerbanen (25%), Stavanger–Sandnes (17%), Lysaker Station (17%) and Ganddal Yard (8%). The administration receives most of its income from the ministry, but railway companies must pay to use Gardermobanen.
Stations.
At the time of the demerger, all stations were transferred to NSB, but the administration retained ownership of the platforms. All stations opened after 1996 are owned by the administration; this has caused a complex ownership structure where sections of the stations may have different owners. The operation of all stations remain at the administration, while the NSB subsidiary Rom Eiendom is responsible for managing the railway unrelated sections of the stations, for instance the shopping center in Oslo Central Station.
Railway companies.
The companies that have agreements to access the national railway are Borregård Rail, Cargolink, CargoNet, Flytoget, Green Cargo, Hector Rail, Malmtrafik, Norges Statsbaner, NSB Gjøvikbanen, Ofotbanen, Peterson Rail, SJ, Tågåkeriet and Valdresbanen.
Rolling stock.
The National Rail Administration maintains a small fleet of maintenance trains and track inspection railcars themselves. All of Jernbaneverkets trains are yellow and diesel operated. When Baneservice was demerged, they took over most of the maintenance units. Jernbaneverket stock:

</doc>
<doc id="9646789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646789" title="John Bartlett (Australian politician)">
John Bartlett (Australian politician)

John Richard Bartlett (27 July 1949 – 8 February 2008) was an Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. 
Bartlett was educated in the Hunter Region and attended Newcastle Technical High School (now Merewether High School). He was awarded a BA, Dip. Ed and Dip. T.L by Newcastle University. He was a Councillor on Port Stephens Council for 16 years, including three years as Mayor, and was a librarian at Nelson Bay High School for 22 years. He was married with three children.
Bartlett represented Port Stephens for the Australian Labor Party from 1999 to 2007. He died on 8 February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9646790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646790" title="I Will Be There (EP)">
I Will Be There (EP)

I Will Be There is an EP recorded by the British hard rock supergroup Gogmagog. It was their sole release. There were no positive reviews for the tracks and the project was abandoned when the EP failed to chart.
The title track was originally written and recorded by Russ Ballard on his 1981 album "Into the Fire". The other two tracks were written by British record producer Jonathan King, who put the band together for a failed rock opera project .

</doc>
<doc id="9646794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646794" title="Cychreus (mythology)">
Cychreus (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Cychreus (; Greek "Κυχρεύς") was the son of Poseidon and Salamis, daughter of the river god Asopus.
Stories.
Depending upon the version of the myth, Cychreus either became the king of Salamis, or else went on a rampage there, because of his hotheaded nature, and was driven away by Eurelochus. 
Either way, a dragon clearly named after Cychreus is involved. Either Cychreus is known as "the dragon" for his short temper, or there is a dragon named Cychreides who rampages in Cychreus' place. If there is a separate dragon, then Cychreus slays it and gets voted king, or else Eurelochus drives it away.
In some versions, Cychreus has sex with the nymph Stilbe, and became the father of Chariclo, Chiron's wife. One of his daughters, Glauce married Telamon. Telamon eventually inherited Cychreus' kingdom after his wife died.

</doc>
<doc id="9646811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646811" title="Abraham Jacob van Imbijze van Batenburg">
Abraham Jacob van Imbijze van Batenburg

Abraham Jacob van Imbyze van Batenburg (Breda, Netherlands 1753 – Barbados, 9 October 1806) was a Dutch governor of Berbice and Essequibo (Guyana) during the period 1789-1806.
His life.
Abraham Jacob was baptized on 17 June 1753 in the Walloon Church ("Waals Gereformeerd") in Breda, as the son of Johan Bernhard Imbyze van Batenburg (bef. 1723-1768) and Susanna de Wit (1723-).
His father Johan Bernhard Imbyze van Batenburg was a draughtsman of maps, military-engineer (1743) and captain (1760). His grandfather was probably Paschasius Diederick van Batenburgh.
He was married 1782 in Tilburg, Netherlands with Wilhelmina Suzanna Zurmegedé. She was born on 21 April 1759 in Veere, (Netherlands), possibly as daughter of Hendrik Cornelis Zurmegede, free citizen of Batavia, Dutch East Indies, and Susanna Lints.
In Berbice (Guyana) they had nine children: Suzanna Maria (1784-), Hendrik Christiaan (1786-), Adriana Baldwina (1788-), Jan Jacob Hendrik (1788-), Lambert Abraham (1791- Java (Dutch East-Indies, 1829), Catharina Cordelia (1793-), Elizabeth (1796-1864), Henriette Maria (1797-) and Hendrika Maria (1801-).
Alternative names are: van Imbijze van Batenburg and Imbyse van Batenburg,
Jobs.
Initially active until 1791 for the Dutch East India Company, he was from 1796 on in service for the British government and the Batavian Republic (1795-1806). Imbyze van Batenburg was governor of:

</doc>
<doc id="9646817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646817" title="Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Castries">
Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Castries

The Basilica of the Immaculate Conception, located in Derek Walcott Square, Castries, Saint Lucia, is the seat of the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Castries, currently Robert Rivas. The cathedral is named after Mary, mother of Jesus, under her title, Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception. 
The form "Cathedral", as it is commonly known, is the largest church in the Caribbean, measuring by and was elevated to the status of a Minor Basilica on 11 May 1999 as part of the centenary celebrations.
The interior is decorated by a mural by St. Lucian artist Dunstan St. Omer.

</doc>
<doc id="9646826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646826" title="Network agility">
Network agility

Network Agility is an architectural discipline for computer networking. It can be defined as:
With regards to network hardware, network agility is used when referring to automatic hardware configuration and reconfiguration of network devices e.g. routers, switches, SNMP devices.
Network agility, as a software discipline, borrows from many fields, both technical and commercial.
On the technical side, network agility solutions leverage techniques from areas such as:
Commercially, network agility is about solving real-world business problems using existing technology. It forms a three-way bridge between business processes, hardware resources, and software assets. In more detail, it takes, as input: 1
Much of this input can be obtained through automatic discovery – finding the hardware, its types and locations, software, licenses etc. The business processes can be inferred to a certain degree, but it is these processes that business managers need to be able to control and organize.
Software resources discovered on the network can take a variety of forms – some assets may be licensed software products, others as blocks of software service code that can be accessed via some service enterprise portal, such as (but not necessarily) web services. These services may reside in-house, or they may be 'on-demand' via an on-line subscription service. Indeed, the primary motivation of network agility is to make the most efficient use of the resources available, wherever they may reside, and to identify areas where business process goals are not being satisfied to some benchmark level (and ideally to offer possible solutions).
Network agility tools are then in a position to optimize the existing hardware to run software assets as needed to achieve the business process goals. As network usage is never linear, the hardware/software mix requirements will change dynamically over various time segments (weekly, quarterly, annually etc.), and step changes will be required from time to time when business-process goals change/evolve/are updated (e.g. during/after a company re-organization).
The benefits to business of the network agility approach are obvious – cost savings in software licensing and higher efficiency of hardware assets – leading to better productivity.

</doc>
<doc id="9646835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646835" title="Salamis (mythology)">
Salamis (mythology)

Salamis was a nymph in Greek mythology, the daughter of the river god Asopus and Metope, daughter of the Ladon, another river god. She was carried away by Poseidon to the island which was named after her, whereupon she bore the god a son Cychreus who became king of the island. 

</doc>
<doc id="9646851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646851" title="Mae Suai District">
Mae Suai District

Mae Suai (; ) is a district ("amphoe") in the western part of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the northeast clockwise) Mueang Chiang Rai, Mae Lao, Phan, Wiang Pa Pao, Phrao, Chai Prakan, Fang, Mae Ai of Chiang Mai Province. 
The Khun Tan Range stretches from north to south along the western side of the district. The Suai River, a tributary of the Lao River, gives its name to the district.
History.
The district was created in 1905, when the districts Mueang Wiang Pa Pao and Mueang Phong were merged. Originally spelled แม่ซ่วย, the current spelling was adopted before 1917.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 7 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 128 villages ("muban"). Mae Suai and Chedi Luang are two subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon") which each cover part of the same-named "tambon". There are further 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9646864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646864" title="John Ramsay, 1st Earl of Holderness">
John Ramsay, 1st Earl of Holderness

John Ramsay, 1st Earl of Holderness (c. 1580 – 28 February 1626) was an important Scottish aristocrat of the Jacobean era, best known in history as the first favourite of James I when he became king of England as well as Scotland in 1603.
Ramsay had been a page at the Scottish court when the so-called Gowrie Conspiracy occurred in 1600. The actual nature of that affair is deeply disputed; the most likely account is that the young Ramsay stabbed John Ruthven, 3rd Earl of Gowrie to death with his dagger, helping to frustrate a plot to either kidnap or murder the then King James VI of Scotland. Ramsay was knighted in that year, and was created Viscount of Haddington and Lord Ramsay of Barns in the Scottish peerage on 11 June 1606, and Lord Melrose in 1609, among various other offices that he acquired during his Court career (Gentleman of the Bedchamber to James I, 1603; Joint Constable, Receiver, and Steward of Dunstable, 1604; etc.). Prior to his 1608 marriage, Ramsay received from James grants of land that yielded an annual income of £1000.
In 1619, Ramsay, dismayed at missing appointment to the Earldom of Montgomery, left Britain and retired to France. In 1620 James lured back his old favourite with a gift of £7000, and created him Baron of Kingston upon Thames and Earl of Holderness in the English peerage (22 January 1621).
The peak of Ramsay's influence may have occurred at his marriage to Lady Elizabeth Radclyffe, daughter of Robert Radclyffe, 5th Earl of Sussex, on 9 February 1608; James himself gave away the bride at the wedding. The marriage was celebrated at Whitehall Palace with the masque "The Hue and Cry After Cupid," by Ben Jonson and Inigo Jones. At the time, James paid off Ramsay's debts of £10,000, and sent the bride a gold cup containing a grant of lands worth an income of £600 per year. Later, Ramsay was supplanted as James's favourite, first by Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset, and then by George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham.
Elizabeth Radclyffe Ramsay died of smallpox on 6 December 1618. None of their children survived to adulthood. Around July 1624 Ramsay married his second wife, Martha Cockayne, daughter of a Northamptonshire knight. She survived him; they had no children.
Ramsay died in January 1626 and was buried on 28 February that year in St. Paul's Cathedral. Since he left no children, his line became extinct. The titles of Earl of Melrose and Viscount of Haddington passed to a lawyer, Sir Thomas Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="9646881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646881" title="Palacio de las Garzas">
Palacio de las Garzas

The Palacio de las Garzas (Herons' Palace) is the governmental office and residence of the President of Panama. It receives its name because of herons roamming freely in the courtyard. The herons were first brought to the building in 1922 by former president Belisario Porras, at the suggestion of friend and famed Panamanian poet Ricardo Miro.
History.
The building is located in "Casco Viejo", the old quarter of Panama City, which was built after the first settlement was destroyed just prior and during the sacking by pirate Henry Morgan. It was built in 1673 and has undergone many changes through the years. Initially, it was used as a home for the Spanish governor, as a royal winery, as a warehouse, and as both customs and National Bank's headquarters.
The new presidential house replaced the old customs offices on January 19, 1885. The remodeling works included the addition of a new room for official events in the upper level, along with other rooms to be used by the president and his family members. A Colombian artist, Epifanio Garay, was in charged of painting the portraits of all presidents since 1855.
The current Palacio de las Garzas was officially inaugurated on August 3, 1923. However, it was not until 1938 that it was acquired totally when the National Bank moved to its new headquarters located at Central Avenue. This transaction was in process since 1936 through an exchange with the Panamanian State.
Extensive renovations to the building were done around 1922, under the supervision of architect Leonardo Villanueva-Meyer. Works included the Andalusian courtyard, the addition of a third floor and two towers. 
An elevator was added in 1934 for a State visit by US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt so that he could access the chambers where he was to stay.
The building has served as the residence and main office for all Panamanian presidents except for some of them, such as Ricardo Martinelli, the current president, Martín Torrijos, Mireya Moscoso, Ernesto Perez Balladares, who have chosen to keep their residences elsewhere in the city and commute to the palace.
Rooms.
The "Salón Amarillo" (Yellow Room) is the most important room, where most formal events are held. The "Salón de los Tamarindos" (Tamarind's Room) is the presidential dining room and receives its name from its murals, where the Panamanian painter Roberto Lewis inspired his ideas on Taboga Island and its famous tamarind trees. This work was asked in 1938 by Juan Demóstenes Arosemena, the president of that period. The "Salón Morisco" (Moorish Room) was added during the 1922 renovations by Villanueva-Meyer. 

</doc>
<doc id="9646903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646903" title="1968 Isle of Man TT">
1968 Isle of Man TT

FIM Championship races.
Ultra-Lightweight TT 50cc final standings.
10 June 1968 – 3 Laps (113.00 Miles) Mountain Course.
Lightweight TT 125cc final standings.
14 June 1968 – 3 Laps (113.00 Miles) Mountain Course.
Lightweight TT 250cc final standings.
10 June 1968 – 6 Laps (226.38 Miles) Mountain Course.
Junior TT 350cc final standings.
12 June 1968 – 6 Laps (236.38 Miles) Mountain Course.
Sidecar TT 500cc final standings.
8 June 1968 – 3 Laps (113.2 Miles) Mountain Course.
Senior TT 500cc final standings.
14 June 1968 – 6 Laps (236.38 Miles) Mountain Course.
Non-championship races.
Sidecar 750cc TT final standings.
8 June 1968 – 3 Laps (113.00 Miles) Mountain Course.
Production TT 750 cc final standings.
12 June 1968 – 3 Laps (113.00 Miles) Mountain Course.
Production TT 500 cc final standings.
12 June 1968 – 3 Laps (113.00 Miles) Mountain Course.
Production TT 250 cc final standings.
12 June 1968 – 3 Laps (113.00 Miles) Mountain Course.

</doc>
<doc id="9646922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646922" title="Havana Bay (novel)">
Havana Bay (novel)

Havana Bay is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith, set in Cuba. It is the fourth novel to feature Investigator Arkady Renko, and it won the 1999 Hammett Prize. Cruz Smith has stated the book allowed him to explore America's "insane" relationship with Cuba and that it led to some criticism of him in the U.S.
Plot.
Renko is depressed because his beloved wife Irina is dead due to a misunderstanding through carelessness on the part of a Russian doctor and his nurse. He is in a suicidal state of mind when anonymously summoned to Havana to help an old acquaintance out of some unspecified trouble. By the time he arrives, however, the good Colonel Pribluda, late of the SVR, has apparently died under very mysterious circumstances.
The novel begins with Arkady at the tip of Havana Bay as the sun begins to rise on what promises to be a hot one in Cuba. The Cuban militia has what they believe is a dead Russian. Renko being a Senior Investigator from Moscow who knew Pribluda, the Cubans are hoping he can expedite matters by both confirming the liquefying corpse's identity and affirming it as a natural or accidental death. 
In a decaying Cuba filled with cars and houses that were built in the 1950s and are now falling to pieces, Renko stumbles upon a plot to defraud Russia of $250 million in an underhanded sugar purchase scam. Along the way, of course, there are the inevitable gruesome killings, abakua ceremonies and attacks upon his person as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9646932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646932" title="Air &amp; Space/Smithsonian">
Air &amp; Space/Smithsonian

Air & Space/Smithsonian magazine is a bimonthly magazine put out by the National Air and Space Museum. Because the museum is a part of the Smithsonian Institution, which puts out its own "Smithsonian" magazine, the magazine's full title is Air & Space/Smithsonian. Therefore, the word "Smithsonian" appears on the cover, just beneath "AIR&SPACE", in a much smaller size.
Articles in the magazine involve topics related to aviation, space travel, and space-related physics.

</doc>
<doc id="9646975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646975" title="Christmas Time (Don't Let the Bells End)">
Christmas Time (Don't Let the Bells End)

"Christmas Time (Don't Let the Bells End)" is a single released by British rock band The Darkness. The single was released on 15 December 2003, to fall in with the UK Christmas Number One Race. The track was later included on a "Christmas Edition" of their debut studio album, "Permission to Land", issued in some areas of Europe on 22 December 2003.
Background.
The song is a take on the usual structure of Christmas songs. It features the usual mention of festivities, Santa Claus and bells, delivered with Justin Hawkins' trademark falsettos. The school choir that provide backing vocals, which can be heard on the song and seen in the video, are from Haberdashers' Aske's Hatcham College school, in New Cross, London, which Justin and Dan's mother once attended. Following the humour and tone of The Darkness' other work, the song also includes a strong level of parody, most notably the double meaning of the line 'Bells End' and 'Ring in peace'. The song appeared as the backing track for the Christmas version of Adult Swim's iOS game, "Robot Unicorn Attack", which was released in November 2010. The song was also used to advertise Sky One's Christmas programming in 2003.
When asked about the meaning of the song on a television special, Hawkins stated "we managed to get bellend into a Christmas song without it getting banned! (And ringpiece!)"
Music video.
The video features the band unwrapping presents. Justin Hawkins thinks of his girlfriend, played by his then-girlfriend and The Darkness's manager, Sue Whitehouse, as pictured in a bauble and in the fire. Then Justin goes outside and is joined by the rest of the band playing the song. Then Justin opens the door to find a choir standing outside singing the song. Justin joins in and invites them inside. Then Dan Hawkins gives Justin a present; a car key. Then Justin runs outside and into the car while Dan winks to the audience. And inside the car is Justin's girlfriend. They kiss as the spaceship seen in the videos for 'I Believe in a Thing in a Thing Called Love' and 'Growing on Me', and on the cover of debut album Permission To Land, flies across the sky, showing some glittery words, which read 'Merry Christmas'.
Race for Christmas #1.
The song was favourite with the bookmakers to reach number one in the official UK singles chart, but was beaten by the relatively unknown Gary Jules and Michael Andrews with a cover of Tears for Fears' "Mad World", and thus, the band had to settle for the number two position, joining a list of acts including The Pogues, Mariah Carey and Cliff Richard to miss out on the top spot. According to sales information from Music Week, The Darkness were at #1 all week and lost out on Saturday sales - one of the closest battles for Christmas number one in recent years. According to the official charts company, the song sold 385,000 copies over the Christmas period.

</doc>
<doc id="9646999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9646999" title="Mill Village, Nova Scotia">
Mill Village, Nova Scotia

Mill Village is a Canadian rural community in the Region of Queens Municipality, Nova Scotia.
Located inland from the Atlantic coast, Mill Village was the site of Canada's first satellite earth station constructed in the 1960s. Historically built around logging and lumber, Mill Village lies along the Medway River and has many old structures related to these industries pre-dating the era of cheap fuel. There are many homes in the Mill Village area that are well over 180 years old and trees that were mature before the houses were built. Mill Village has a fire hall, churches, gararge and general store. 
A 20 to 30 mile stretch along the southern coast of Queens County is known as "Coastal Queens". The region, which includes the Medway Bay area, is among the most important ecological areas in Nova Scotia. Coastal Queens includes a host of white sandy beaches, bays and inlets, several Nova Scotia and national parks, a federal wilderness park and bird sanctuary, a number of small fishing villages and several coastal lighthouses.
The Seaside Adjunct to Kejimkujik National Park at Port Joli, Queens County is among the major attractions in the region, and is about a 35-minute drive from Mill Village. 
Closer to Mill Village is Carter's Beach, at Port Mouton, Queens County. The beach is among the most photographed white sandy beaches in the area. This area is among the most popular Nova Scotia sea kayaking routes in Coastal Queens. 
The Port Medway Lighthouse Park is about a 10-minute drive from Medway Bay. The park was officially opened in November 2002. 
Other outdoor destinations include The Thomas Raddall Park (Port Joli), The Fort Point Lighthouse Park (Liverpool), and The Summerville Beach Provincial Park, (Summerville Center). One of the major events in the region is Privateer Days held annually in nearby Liverpool during the last weekend in June. 
Mill Village is less than 15 minutes from town of Liverpool; about 20 minutes from the town of Bridgewater (the largest shopping and commercial center in the region); about 40 minutes from the towns of Lunenburg (designated a World Heritage Site by the United Nations) and Mahone Bay; about an hour and a half from the ferry terminals in Yarmouth and Digby; about an hour and a half from the Halifax International Airport; and about an hour from downtown Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="9647006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647006" title="Dhok Gujran">
Dhok Gujran

Dhok Gujran is a landfill near Rawalpindi, Pakistan. About 800 tonnes a day of solid waste from Rawalpindi and Islamabad are disposed of there. The people around the place face serious health risk problems. There is no solid waste management plant in Rawalpindi.

</doc>
<doc id="9647012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647012" title="Kenny Swain">
Kenny Swain

Kenny Swain (born 28 January 1952 in Birkenhead) is a retired English footballer who played in numerous positions, including striker, midfielder and full back.
Football career.
Swain began his professional career with Londoners Chelsea, signing from Wycombe Wanderers in the summer of 1973. As he had been a non-contract player with Wycombe, having joined them from college football, his signing-on fee was just £500. He made his League debut for Chelsea in 1974. His most successful season with the club came in 1976-77, when his strike partnership with Steve Finnieston helped Eddie McCreadie's young side win promotion back to the First Division. He remained with Chelsea until 1979, when they were relegated, and then signed for Aston Villa for £100,000.
With Villa, Swain was switched to full-back and won the league championship and European Cup in consecutive seasons. He left Villa in 1983 and had spells with Nottingham Forest, Portsmouth and Crewe Alexandra. He later moved into management, enjoying stints with Grimsby Town and Wigan Athletic, and currently the England under-16s, as well as an assistant coach for England national under-17 football team
Between 2002 and 2004, Swain was Director of Football at Thomas Telford School.

</doc>
<doc id="9647026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647026" title="Sedes Sapientiae, Leuven">
Sedes Sapientiae, Leuven

The Sedes Sapientiae (Latin for "Seat of Wisdom", one of the medieval titles of the Virgin), also known as Our Lady of Louvain, is a medieval wooden statue of the Virgin Mary. Nicolaas De Bruyne carved the statue in 1442, copying and enlarging an earlier and smaller statue from the 13th century. The polychromy was done by Roelof van Velpen. It has been restored several times: in 1842 by the Goyers workshop and in 1945 by Jos Van Uytvanck. It is located in the church of Saint Peter in heart of the city of Leuven, Belgium. It is the symbol of the Catholic University of Leuven, in whose seal it is enclosed in a vesica piscis shape whose margin bears the text "Universitas catholica Lovaniensis. Sedes sapientiae" (Latin for "Catholic University of Leuven. Seat of Wisdom").

</doc>
<doc id="9647039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647039" title="Strip algebra">
Strip algebra

Strip Algebra is a set of elements and operators for the description of carbon nanotube structures, considered as a subgroup of polyhedra, and more precisely, of polyhedra with vertices formed by three edges. This restriction is imposed on the polyhedra because carbon nanotubes are formed of sp2 carbon atoms. Strip Algebra was developed initially
for the determination of the structure connecting two arbitrary nanotubes, but has also been extended to the connection of three identical nanotubes 
Background.
Graphitic systems are molecules and crystals formed of carbon atoms in sp2 hybridization. Thus, the atoms are arranged on a hexagonal grid. Graphite, nanotubes, and fullerenes are examples of graphitic systems. All of them share the property that cach atom is bonded to three others (3-valent).
The relation between the number of vertices, edges and faces of any finite polyhedron is given by Euler's polyhedron formula:
where "e", "f" and "v" are the number of edges, faces and vertices, respectively, and "g" is the genus of the polyhedron, i.e., the number of "holes" in the surface. For example, a sphere is a surface of genus 0, while a torus is of genus 1.
Nomenclature.
A substrip is identified by a pair of natural numbers measuring the position of the last ring in parentheses, together with the turns induced by the defect ring. The number of edges of the defect can be extracted from these.
Elements.
A Strip is defined as a set of consecutive rings, that is able to be joined with others, by sharing a side of the first or last ring.
Numerous complex structures can be formed with strips. As said before, strips have both at the beginning and at the end two connections. With strips only, can be formed two of them.
Operators.
Given the definition of a strip, a set of operations may be defined. These are necessary to find out the combined result of a set of contiguous strips.

</doc>
<doc id="9647043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647043" title="Steve Bechler">
Steve Bechler

Steven Scott Bechler (November 18, 1979 – February 17, 2003) was an American professional baseball player. A pitcher, Bechler played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Baltimore Orioles.
After starring for the South Medford High School baseball team, the Orioles selected Bechler in the third round of the 1998 MLB Draft. Following five seasons in Minor League Baseball, Bechler made his major league debut with the Orioles in 2002. Attending spring training in 2003, he died of heat stroke while participating in conditioning drills.
A medical examiner found that Bechler's use of ephedra as a weight-loss supplement contributed to his death. Following this revelation, the Food and Drug Administration opened an inquiry, which resulted in the banning of ephedra products in the United States.
Early life.
Bechler was born on November 18, 1979, in Medford, Oregon, to Ernest and Patricia Bechler. He had three brothers. At the age of seven, he began playing baseball. As a youth, he competed in the Medford American Little League, Babe Ruth League, and American Legion Baseball. He was a member of the 1997 American Legion World Series champions. Bechler suffered from asthma as a child, and endured heatstrokes while in high school.
Baseball career.
Bechler attended South Medford High School in Medford, Oregon. He graduated in 1998. Playing for the school's baseball team, he was named to the All-Oregon third team in his senior year.
Heading into the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft, "Baseball America" rated Bechler the best high school prospect from the state of Oregon. The Baltimore Orioles selected him in the third round draft. Bechler signed with the Orioles, receiving a $257,000 signing bonus. He made his professional debut in Minor League Baseball with the Gulf Coast Orioles of the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League that year. He pitched for the Delmarva Shorebirds of the Class A South Atlantic League in 1999, and for the Frederick Keys of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League in 2000. In 2001, he pitched for Frederick, and was named a Carolina League All-Star. He did not appear in the All-Star Game, as he was promoted to the Rochester Red Wings of the Class AAA International League. After struggling in two outings for Rochester, he was demoted to the Bowie Baysox of the Class AA Eastern League, where he remained for the rest of the season. After the 2001 season, the Orioles assigned Bechler to the Maryvale Saguaros of the Arizona Fall League. The Orioles added Bechler to their 40-man roster to protect him from being eligible in the Rule 5 draft.
In 2002, Bechler pitched for Bowie and Rochester. He had a 2–1 win–loss record with a 3.42 earned run average (ERA) with Bowie and 6–11 record and a 4.09 ERA with Rochester. At the end of the minor league season, the Orioles promoted Bechler to the major leagues. He appeared in three games for the Orioles, pitching innings, in which he allowed six hits, four walks, three home runs, and recorded three strikeouts. He suffered a strained hamstring in his final appearance.
Personal life.
On October 22, 2002, Bechler married Kiley Mae Nixon at Community Bible Church in Central Point, Oregon. The couple was expecting a child at the time of his death. His daughter, Hailie, was born in April 2003.
Death.
On February 16, 2003, towards the beginning of Orioles' spring training camp in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Bechler collapsed while participating in conditioning drills. He was rushed to a nearby hospital, and died the next day. His body temperature had reached . An autopsy performed by Dr. Joshua Perper, a toxicologist serving as the medical examiner for Broward County, concluded that his death was caused by "'abnormal liver function and mild hypertension', his weight problem (he weighed 230 pounds and was exercising hard), the fact that he was not used to south Florida's warm weather and the toxicity of ephedra. He was using the supplement ephedra, against the advice of his trainer, and probably had not eaten in two days in an effort to lose weight.
At the time of Bechler's death, ephedra was banned by the International Olympic Committee, the National Collegiate Athletic Association, and the National Football League, but not by Major League Baseball. Bud Selig, the Commissioner of Baseball, called for a ban of ephedrine in the wake of Bechler's death. Numerous teams banned the use of ephedra in team clubhouses. Following Bechler's death, the Food and Drug Administration, which had previously chosen not to ban ephedra, re-opened its efforts to regulate ephedra use. The United States Congress dropped its objections to banning ephedra, and Bechler's parents testified in front of Congress. The FDA announced its decision to ban ephedra on December 30.
Bechler was cremated following his death. On the six month anniversary of his death, Kiley scattered his ashes on the pitcher's mound of Oriole Park at Camden Yards. She filed a wrongful death claim against Nutraquest, the manufacturers of the supplement, seeking $600 million in damages. The lawsuit against Nutraquest was suspended in October 2003 when the company filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States Code.
The Steve Bechler Scholarship Fund was begun by Bechler's parents in his memory. The fund receives money from South Medford businesses to help South Medford High School graduates afford college.

</doc>
<doc id="9647052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647052" title="Triple Zero">
Triple Zero

Triple Zero may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9647053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647053" title="Kanawha and Pocahontas Railroad">
Kanawha and Pocahontas Railroad

The Kanawha and Pocahontas Railroad Company was incorporated in West Virginia in 1898 by either a son or the estate of Charles Pratt to reach new coal mining territory on land which was owned and/or leased by Gallego Coal & Land Company, Charles Pratt and Company, and other investors based in New York City. 
The line was constructed in 1902 as a narrow gauge railroad and originated at the mainline of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) at what was called Paint Creek Junction along the Kanawha River. It ran along a tributary of the river called Paint Creek to Kingston, crossing the Kanawha-Fayette county line about one mile south of Burnwell.
Represented by attorney (and former West Virginia governor) William A. MacCorkle, industrialist Henry Huttleston Rogers, acting on behalf of Charles Pratt and Company, negotiated its lease of the entire line to the C&O. It later came under ownership of the C&O, and was later known as the C&O's Paint Creek Branch. 
Around the same time, Henry Rogers was also involved with another nearby short-line railroad, the Deepwater Railway, which ran up Loup Creek in Fayette County. It also connected with the C&O along the Kanawha River, and was run by the C&O in its early years. However, the Deepwater Railway, headed by mining manager and developer William Nelson Page, and funded by Rogers, was eventually extended east to the West Virginia-Virginia state line, at which point it connected with the new Tidewater Railway, a line which Page and Rogers built to connect all the way east across Virginia to a new coal pier at Sewell's Point in the harbor of Hampton Roads. In 1907, they were combined to form the Virginian Railway, now a portion of the Norfolk Southern Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="9647072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647072" title="John Nielsen (footballer)">
John Nielsen (footballer)

John Nielsen (born 26 March 1946) is a Danish former football (soccer) player, who was the top goalscorer of the 1971 and 1972 Danish football championships for B 1901. He played one game for the Denmark national under-21 football team. He moved abroad to play professionally for Göztepe A.Ş. and FC Bremerhaven.

</doc>
<doc id="9647101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647101" title="Paul Crittenden">
Paul Crittenden

Paul Ronald Crittenden (born 31 January 1958) is a former ALP politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the Electoral district of Wyong from 1991 to 2007 . 
Crittenden was educated Broken Hill High School and Barraba Central School. He was awarded a BA from the University of New England and a M Com by the University of New South Wales. He was as a mathematics teacher from 1980 to 1983 and worked for the New South Wales Department of Education from 1983 to 1985 and the Department of Minerals and Energy from 1985 to 1991. He is married with two children. 

</doc>
<doc id="9647103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647103" title="Organised crime in Hong Kong">
Organised crime in Hong Kong

The name most associated with organised crime within Hong Kong is Wai Yu Kwan and He family.
Triad gang activities are mainly territorial and commonly involve the following types of offences: 
Although one of the most famous criminal organizations in the region, the Triads are not the only source of organized crime in Hong Kong. 
Smuggling (both goods and people), counterfeit goods, corruption and prostitution syndicates are all the result of organized groups operating in the territory. 
Generally organized crime groups in Hong Kong keep a low profile and many of its most profitable activities do not attract high levels of public outrage e.g. illegal gambling and copyright piracy. 
As organized crime does not necessarily equate with street crime, it has been said that Hong Kong society can be lulled into a false sense of security. Without high levels of street crime and no great numbers of Mafia-style organized crime syndicates, it has been suggested that the people of Hong Kong, believe that their society is, in law and order terms, healthy and clean, although this may not be the case.
Triads.
One of the world's largest triads, Sun Yee On, was founded in Hong Kong in 1919, and has 55,000 members worldwide. Sun Yee On's rival organization, 14K Triad, was formed in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China in 1945, and relocated to Hong Kong in 1949.
Arrests.
In August 2013, the Hong Kong Police Force arrested 1,800 people in a crackdown against triads, in an undercover operation entitled Thunderbolt 13. They were charged with various offences, including illegal gambling and money laundering.

</doc>
<doc id="9647107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647107" title="Ian Redford">
Ian Redford

Ian Petrie Redford (5 April 1960 – 10 January 2014) was a Scottish professional footballer, who played as a midfielder.
Career.
Redford began his career at Errol Rovers, a youth football team set up by his father. He came up through the youth system at Dundee and made his first appearance for the senior team as a substitute just 11 days after his 17th birthday.
He also played professionally for Rangers, Dundee United, Ipswich Town, St Johnstone, Brechin City (as player/manager) and Raith Rovers. Redford played mostly as a striker during his time at Dundee F.C. and is remembered for scoring the goals that clinched the First Division Championship in the 1978/79 season.
Redford joined Rangers in February 1980 from Dundee for what was then a record Scottish fee of £210,000 and played for six seasons when Rangers won four domestic cup trophies. Redford went on to play for Dundee United during one of this club's most successful spells in its history and scored the winning goal against Borussia Monchengladbach in the semi final of the UEFA Cup in 1987.
While playing with Raith Rovers, he won a First Division Championship medal and a League Cup medal.His League Cup medal came as a substitute in the final, and this was his last game as a professional.
Personal life and death.
After retiring from football he provided fishing holidays in Perthshire.
His autobiography 'Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head' was published in November 2013.
In an interview given in October 2013 Redford discussed becoming deaf in one ear as a child and how he had hidden this fact during his football career. In December 2013 he described the loss of his younger brother Douglas as a turning point for his family.
Redford was found dead on the morning of 10 January 2014 in Irvine, North Ayrshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9647108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647108" title="Lars Brownworth">
Lars Brownworth

Lars Brownworth, an author and former United States history and political science teacher at The Stony Brook School, is the creator of the top 50 podcast, 12 Byzantine Rulers: The History of the Byzantine Empire. This podcast was created on a whim by Lars and his brother, Anders Brownworth. Often mistaken for a college professor, Lars was, in fact, a high school history teacher at the time the podcast was produced.
On August 15, 2007 Mr. Brownworth announced that he had resigned from teaching in order to work on a book with Crown Publishing titled "Lost to the West: The Forgotten Byzantine Empire that Rescued Western Civilization," which was published on September 15, 2009. He is currently working on a new podcast about the history of the Normans as well as a book on the Macedonian Emperors of Byzantium. He maintains a blog called Finding History where he responds to reader and listener submitted questions. 
In August 2011 Mr. Brownworth returned to the classroom at La Lumiere School, a coeducational boarding school in La Porte, Indiana.
He has been interviewed by the "New York Times" and NPR's "Here and Now", has written for "The Wall Street Journal" and resides in Maryland with his wife. He currently is the Chair of the History Department at Washington Christian Academy in Olney, Maryland.
Influence.
Brownworth is often seen as a pioneer of history podcasting, and his 12 Byzantine Rulers became a direct impetus for The History of Rome podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="9647118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647118" title="Jay White (impersonator)">
Jay White (impersonator)

"Jay Albert White"' (born in Kitchener, Ontario Canada) is a Neil Diamond impersonator performing concerts in Las Vegas, Nevada. He is a singer, musician, actor and performer.
Career.
White’s career as a Neil Diamond tribute artist began in 1983 in the Salute to the Superstars show at the now-defunct Mr. F’s Beef & Bourbon in Sterling Heights, Michigan. He had performed at the club for five years when a mutual friend sent word to Legends in Concert producer John Stuart in Las Vegas, NV.
White was offered a seven-week gig at a Reno casino, and it went so well he packed up and moved in 1989 to Vegas, where he did Diamond duty — 50 weeks a year for nine years — in “Legends in Concert” at the Imperial Palace Hotel and Casino. Jay would become the longest running act at Legends, performing in the hotel for almost nine years. White also was the first person to ever perform with Legends as a "living" legend (a musician still alive).
After Legends in Concert, Jay went on to play corporate functions, cruises, and venues as a solo performer with a live band.
Jay has recently left the Riviera Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas after a successful 8 year run (2000 shows). Performing as a solo tribute headliner in one venue, Jay's was the longest running act of his kind in the U.S.
In 2008, Jay appeared as Neil Diamond in the Ron Howard-directed movie Frost/Nixon (film). In 2011, he appeared as Noah Kaminsky in the independent movie Beautiful Noise.
Personal life.
Jay is also an accomplished hockey goaltender. He has been playing goal since he was eight years old. His dream was to make it to the NHL one day; the farthest he took his hockey career was a pair of preseason games with the IHL Kalamazoo Wings. White has also played as a backup goaltender for the IHL's now-defunct Las Vegas Thunder, and the ECHL's Las Vegas Wranglers and Florida Everblades.
External links and references.
The Official Jay White Home Page
The Official Jay White Fan Club "The White Heads"

</doc>
<doc id="9647127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647127" title="Joseph Heller">
Joseph Heller

Joseph Heller (May 1, 1923 – December 12, 1999) was an American satirical novelist, short story writer, and playwright. The title of one of his works, "Catch-22", entered the English lexicon to refer to a vicious circle wherein an absurd, no-win choice, particularly in situations in which the desired outcome of the choice is an impossibility, and regardless of choice, a same negative outcome is a certainty. Although he is remembered primarily for "Catch-22", his other works center on the lives of various members of the middle class and remain examples of modern satire.
Early years.
Joseph Heller was born in Coney Island in Brooklyn, New York, the son of poor Jewish parents, Lena and Isaac Donald Heller, from Russia. Even as a child, he loved to write; as a teenager, he wrote a story about the Russian invasion of Finland and sent it to the New York "Daily News", which rejected it. At least one scholar suggests that he knew that he wanted to become a writer, after recalling that he received a children's version of the "Iliad" when he was ten. After graduating from Abraham Lincoln High School in 1941, Heller spent the next year working as a blacksmith's apprentice, a messenger boy, and a filing clerk. In 1942, at age 19, he joined the U.S. Army Air Corps. Two years later he was sent to the Italian Front, where he flew 60 combat missions as a B-25 bombardier. His Unit was the 488th Bombardment Squadron, 340th Bomb Group, 12th Air Force. Heller later remembered the war as "fun in the beginning ... You got the feeling that there was something glorious about it." On his return home he "felt like a hero ... People think it quite remarkable that I was in combat in an airplane and I flew sixty missions even though I tell them that the missions were largely milk runs." ("Milk runs" were combat missions, but mostly uneventful due to a lack of intense opposition from enemy anti-aircraft artillery or fighters.)
After the war, Heller studied English at the University of Southern California and NYU on the G.I. Bill. In 1949, he received his M.A. in English from Columbia University. Following his graduation, he spent a year as a Fulbright scholar at St Catherine's College, Oxford (1949–50), and, after returning home, he taught composition at Pennsylvania State University for two years (1950–52). He then briefly worked for Time Inc., before taking a job as a copywriter at a small advertising agency, where he worked alongside future novelist Mary Higgins Clark. At home, Heller wrote. He was first published in 1948, when "The Atlantic" ran one of his short stories. The story nearly won the "Atlantic First".
He was married to Shirley Held from 1945 to 1981 and they had two children, Erica (born 1952) and Ted (born 1956).
Career.
"Catch-22".
While sitting at home one morning in 1953, Heller thought of the lines, "It was love at first sight. The first time he saw the chaplain, fell madly in love with him." Within the next day, he began to envision the story that could result from this beginning, and invented the characters, the plot, and the tone that the story would eventually take. Within a week, he had finished the first chapter and sent it to his agent. He did not do any more writing for the next year, as he planned the rest of the story. The initial chapter was published in 1955 as "Catch-18", in Issue 7 of "New World Writing."
Although he originally did not intend the story to be longer than a novelette, Heller was able to add enough substance to the plot that he felt it could become his first novel. When he was one-third done with the work, his agent, Candida Donadio, sent it to publishers. Heller was not particularly attached to the work, and decided that he would not finish it if publishers were not interested. The work was soon purchased by Simon and Schuster, who gave him US $750 and promised him an additional $750 when the full manuscript was delivered. Heller missed his deadline by four to five years, but, after eight years of thought, delivered the novel to his publisher.
The finished novel describes the wartime experiences of Army Air Corps Captain John Yossarian. Yossarian devises multiple strategies to avoid combat missions, but the military bureaucracy is always able to find a way to make him stay. As Heller observed, "Everyone in my book accuses everyone else of being crazy. Frankly, I think the whole society is nuts – and the question is: What does a sane man do in an insane society?"
Heller has also commented that ""peace on earth would mean the end of civilization as we know it.""
Just before publication, the novel's title was changed to "Catch-22" to avoid confusion with Leon Uris' new novel, "Mila 18". The novel was published in hardback in 1961 to mixed reviews, with the "Chicago Sun-Times" calling it "the best American novel in years", while other critics derided it as "disorganized, unreadable, and crass". It sold only 30,000 copies in the United States hardback in its first year of publication. Reaction was very different in the UK, where, within one week of its publication, the novel was number one on the bestseller lists. Once it was released in paperback in October 1962, however, "Catch-22" caught the imaginations of many baby boomers, who identified with the novel's anti-war sentiments. The book went on to sell 10 million copies in the United States. The novel's title became a buzzword for a dilemma with no easy way out. Now considered a classic, the book was listed at number 7 on Modern Library's list of the top 100 novels of the century. The United States Air Force Academy uses the novel to "help prospective officers recognize the dehumanizing aspects of bureaucracy."
The movie rights to the novel were purchased in 1962, and, combined with his royalties, made Heller a millionaire. The film, which was directed by Mike Nichols and starred Alan Arkin, Jon Voight and Orson Welles, was not released until 1970.
Other works.
Shortly after "Catch-22" was published, Heller thought of an idea for his next novel, which would become "Something Happened", but did not act on it for two years. In the meantime he focused on scripts, completing the final screenplay for the movie adaptation of Helen Gurley Brown's "Sex and the Single Girl", as well as a television comedy script that eventually aired as part of "McHale's Navy". He also completed a play in only six weeks, but spent a great deal of time working with the producers as it was brought to the stage.
In 1969, Heller wrote a play called "We Bombed in New Haven". It delivered an anti-war message while discussing the Vietnam War. It was originally produced by the Repertory Company of the Yale Drama School, with Stacy Keach in the starring role. After a slight revision, it was published by Alfred A. Knopf and then debuted on Broadway, starring Jason Robards.
Heller's follow-up novel, "Something Happened", was finally published in 1974. Critics were enthusiastic about the book, and both its hardcover and paperback editions reached number one on the "New York Times" bestseller list.
Heller wrote another five novels, each of which took him several years to complete. One of them, "Closing Time," revisited many of the characters from "Catch-22" as they adjusted to post-war New York. All of the novels sold respectably well, but could not duplicate the success of his debut. Told by an interviewer that he had never produced anything else as good as "Catch-22", Heller famously responded, "Who has?"
Work process.
Heller did not begin work on a story until he had envisioned both a first and last line. The first sentence usually appeared to him "independent of any conscious preparation." In most cases, the sentence did not inspire a second sentence. At times, he would be able to write several pages before giving up on that hook. Usually, within an hour or so of receiving his inspiration, Heller would have mapped out a basic plot and characters for the story. When he was ready to begin writing, he focused on one paragraph at a time, until he had three or four handwritten pages, which he then spent several hours reworking.
Heller maintained that he did not "have a philosophy of life, or a need to organize its progression. My books are not constructed to 'say anything.'" Only when he was almost one-third finished with the novel would he gain a clear vision of what it should be about. At that point, with the idea solidified, he would rewrite all that he had finished and then continue to the end of the story. The finished version of the novel would often not begin or end with the sentences he had originally envisioned, although he usually tried to include the original opening sentence somewhere in the text.
Later teaching career.
In the 1970s Heller taught creative writing at the City College of New York.
After the publication of "Catch-22", Heller resumed a part-time academic career as a teacher of creative writing at Yale University and at the University of Pennsylvania.
Illness.
On Sunday, December 13, 1981, Heller was diagnosed with Guillain–Barré syndrome, a debilitating syndrome that was to leave him temporarily paralyzed. He was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit of Mount Sinai Medical Hospital the same day, and remained there, bedridden, until his condition had improved enough to permit his transfer to the Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine, which occurred on January 26, 1982. His illness and recovery are recounted at great length in the autobiographical "No Laughing Matter", which contains alternating chapters by Heller and his good friend Speed Vogel. The book reveals the assistance and companionship Heller received during this period from a number of his prominent friends—Mel Brooks, Mario Puzo, Dustin Hoffman and George Mandel among them.
Heller eventually made a substantial recovery. He later married Valerie Humphries, one of the nurses who helped him become well again.
Later years.
Heller returned to St. Catherine's as a visiting Fellow, for a term, in 1991 and was appointed an Honorary Fellow of the college. In 1998, he released a memoir, "Now and Then: From Coney Island to Here," in which he relived his childhood as the son of a deliveryman and offered some details about the inspirations for "Catch-22".
Heller was an agnostic.
He died of a heart attack at his home in East Hampton, on Long Island, in December 1999, shortly after the completion of his final novel, "Portrait of an Artist, as an Old Man". On hearing of Heller's death, his friend Kurt Vonnegut said, "Oh, God, how terrible. This is a calamity for American literature."
"Catch-22" controversy.
In April 1998, Lewis Pollock wrote to "The Sunday Times" for clarification as to "the amazing similarity of characters, personality traits, eccentricities, physical descriptions, personnel injuries and incidents" in "Catch-22" and a novel published in England in 1951. The book that spawned the request was written by Louis Falstein and titled "The Sky is a Lonely Place" in Britain and "Face of a Hero" in the United States. Falstein's novel was available two years before Heller wrote the first chapter of "Catch-22" (1953) while he was a student at Oxford. "The Times" stated: "Both have central characters who are using their wits to escape the aerial carnage; both are haunted by an omnipresent injured airman, invisible inside a white body cast". Stating he had never read Falstein's novel, or heard of him, Heller said: "My book came out in 1961[; I find it funny that nobody else has noticed any similarities, including Falstein himself, who died just last year".

</doc>
<doc id="9647136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647136" title="MN-111">
MN-111

The MN-111 is a Polish air-dropped anti-tank landmine. The mine is designed for use on soft ground. The mine is cylindrical with six spring-loaded fins attached to one end of the mine, with the cylinder drawn to a point at the opposite end which is topped with a small wind vane. The mine is stored with the fins wrapped round the outside of the mine. Once the mine is dropped from the aircraft the fins spring outward, acting as a drag parachute, slowing the rate of descent to a peak speed of about 60 meters per second. As the mine drops the wind vane spins, generating the power used to arm the mine.
The mine is designed to penetrate soft ground up to the fins, which spread out flat across the ground. The mine uses a magnetic influence fuze, which is triggered by the magnetic field of an armoured vehicle. It also has an anti-handling device which triggers the mine if it is disturbed.
The warhead is a shaped charge or Misznay-Schardin effect design that the manufacturer claims can penetrate 70 millimeters of armour at a stand-off of half a meter.

</doc>
<doc id="9647148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647148" title="Thomas Crofts">
Thomas Crofts

The Reverend and Learned Thomas Crofts FRS FSA (1722 – 8 November 1781) was a British bibliophile, Anglican priest, Fellow of the Royal Society and European traveller.
Early life.
Thomas was born in Monmouth, Wales and was the son of John Crofts. At the age of 17 he matriculated at Wadham College Oxford, obtaining his BA in February 1743 and his MA in 1746.
The Grand Tour.
In the following 20 years Thomas alternated between the closeted life of a Fellow of an Oxford College and at least three extended tours of Europe. On one such visit (1758–1759) he accompanied a young Oxford Graduate, Thomas Knight, a cousin and future benefactor of the family of Jane Austen the novelist, on the Grand Tour. On such visits Thomas brought back many rare books and coins.
In 1763 Thomas was installed as Rector of Donyat, Somerset. He then travelled to Aleppo, Syria where he was chaplain to the English Factory in the late 1760s and there continued researching and collecting antiquities.
Literati.
In 1770 Thomas returned to England as Chaplain to the 4th Duke of Leeds and lived in Bury Street in the fashionable district of St. James. He became a member of the literati frequenting the so-called 'Literary Coffee House' at the shop of the bookseller and publisher Thomas Payne. His friends and colleagues included Thomas Tyrwhitt, George Steevens, John Hoole and the anatomist and numismatist William Hunter. His library was now very extensive and books borrowed from it helped Tyrwhitt with 'The Canterbury Tales of Chaucer' (1775) and also Hoole with his translation of 'Orlando Furioso' (1783). Thomas also came to the attention of the Dilettante Society as Lord Seaforth, the Marquis of Carmarthen (Francis Osborne son of the Duke of Leeds) and the naturalist Joseph Banks nominated him for membership in The Royal Society in March 1776. It was also in 1776 that Thomas was involved with the publication of the spoof poems of Thomas Rowley, a medieval monk, which had in fact been written by Thomas Chatterton (1752–1770). Contemporary correspondence shows that Thomas recommended Tyrwhitt as an expert to George Catcott, who possessed the 'manuscripts', and he also suggested Payne as a publisher. These poems were subsequently edited by Tyrrwhitt and published as genuine in 1777 only for Tyrwhitt to recant and expose them as forgeries.
Health problems and death.
During the late 1770s Thomas' health began to deteriorate. He sold his large collection of coins to Hunter in January 1781 and died at the home of the 4th Earl Fitzwilliam at Milton Park, Northamptonshire on 8th Nov that year.
A tribute in the 'Biographical Memoirs of William Bowyer' described him as 'distinguished for his general attainments as well as antient erudition . . gleaned . . not of reading only but of intelligent travels'. His extensive library was sold in over 8000 lots over 43 days in 1783. Copies of the Catalogue of the Sale 'Bibliotheca Croftsiana . . ' are still in existence and his books now reside in some of the important collections of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9647151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647151" title="The Pretenders (play)">
The Pretenders (play)

The Pretenders (original Norwegian title: "Kongs-Emnerne") is a dramatic play by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.
Play overview.
"The Pretenders" was written in bursts during 1863, but Ibsen claims to have had sources and the idea back in 1858. A five-act play in prose set in the thirteenth-century. The play opened at the old Christiania Theatre on the 19th of January 1864. The plot revolves around the historical conflict between Norwegian King Håkon Håkonsson and his father-in-law; Earl Skule Bårdsson. It has been commonly ascribed to the rivalry between Ibsen and Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, who had succeeded Ibsen as director of the Norske Theater in 1857.
Historic background.
Håkon Håkonsson reigned as king of Norway from 1217 to 1263. In the earlier part of the reign of King Håkon, much of the royal power was in the hands of Skule Bårdsson. In 1225, Håkon married Skule's daughter Margrete Skulesdotter. The relationship between the two became strained as Håkon asserted his power. In 1239, the conflict between the two erupted into open warfare when Skule had himself proclaimed king. The rebellion ended in 1240 when Skule was put to death. This rebellion and the death of Skule are generally taken to mark the end of the Civil war era in Norway which had dated from 1130.
Translations.
This play was translated into English by Scottish writer and critic William Archer as a part of his publication, "Henrik Ibsen's Prose Dramas Vol III". This volume consisted of "Lady Inger of Östrat" ("Fru Inger til Østeraad"), "The Vikings at Helgeland" ("Hærmændene paa Helgeland") and "The Pretenders" ("Kongs-Emnerne"). It was published by The Walter Scott Company, London in 1890. 
References.
http://exeuntmagazine.com/features/the-art-of-playwrighting-ibsen’s-the-pretenders/ The Art of Playwritng: Ibsen's The Pretenders

</doc>
<doc id="9647152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647152" title="Andrew Gimson">
Andrew Gimson

Andrew Gimson is a British political journalist. Gimson formerly wrote the parliamentary sketch for "The Daily Telegraph" and has written a book about Boris Johnson and a book entitled "Desired Effect". In November 2011 he was succeeded as sketch writer on "The Daily Telegraph" by Michael Deacon.
He is married to Sally Gimson, who stood in the South Leicestershire constituency as an unsuccessful candidate for the Labour Party in the May 2010 General Election.

</doc>
<doc id="9647168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647168" title="Chelmondiston">
Chelmondiston

Chelmondiston is a small village and civil parish in Suffolk, England located on the Shotley peninsula, five miles south-east of Ipswich. The hamlet of Pin Mill lies within the parish on the south bank of the River Orwell. The village comprises approximately 500 dwellings and has a population of just over 1,000.
History.
The etymology of the word Chelmondiston is perhaps ‘Ceolmund’s dwelling’. The parish contains a number of Bronze Age barrow sites. Chelmondiston and Pin Mill do not appear in the Domesday Book of 1086. It was formerly known as Chelmington and was located in the old Hundred of Babergh.
Churches.
The original parish church of St. Andrew was described in 1865 as an "old, small, dilapidated edifice, with a square tower", and it was subsequently rebuilt by architect Edward Charles Hakewill. On 10 December 1944 during World War II a flying bomb hit Hakewill's church and it was almost completely destroyed. 
In 1951, Basil Hatcher was commissioned to provide a replacement. The modern St. Andrew's church includes a set of stained glass windows made by Francis Skeat in the 1960s. There is a Methodist church on the Main Road and a Baptist church on Pin Mill Road.

</doc>
<doc id="9647171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647171" title="Chikunga">
Chikunga

In the Chokwe people of Central Africa, the chikunga is a sacred ceremonial mask. Of the many ceremonial masks, the chikunga is considered to be the most powerful, and it is only worn by the tribal chief. The chikunga mask is made by stretching barkcloth over an array of wicker bits. It then is painted black with red and white designs.

</doc>
<doc id="9647193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647193" title="List of Tasmanian representative cricketers">
List of Tasmanian representative cricketers

This is a list of cricket players who have played representative cricket for Tasmania in Australia.
It includes players that have played at least one match, in senior first-class, List A cricket, or Twenty20 matches. Practice matches are not included, unless they have officially been classified as first-class, List A or T20 games. The list is in chronological order of the players' first appearances for the Tasmania first team in any form of cricket; where two or more players debuted in the same match, they are ordered by their surnames. The list is complete to the end of the 2010/11 season. 
Tasmania in senior cricket.
Though Tasmania took part in the first recognised first-class cricket match in Australia in 1850/51, it remained on the peripheries of Australian cricket for more than a century, confined to "friendly" first-class matches against other Australian states, primarily Victoria, and touring teams from the other Test-playing nations. After World War II, even the friendly matches against other Australian states became less frequent. To supplement the limited local schedule, matches were arranged in several seasons for a "Tasmania Combined XI", with the side consisting of some Tasmanian cricketers and others imported, usually from mainland Australia; matches played by this team do not count as first-class games for the Tasmania cricket team, and are therefore not included in this table. 
From the late 1960s, with the import of foreign players, such as John Hampshire, Jack Simmons and Alan Knott, Tasmania was admitted first into the List A competitions and then into first-class competition.
The Sheffield Shield is the premier domestic cricket competition in Australia. It was founded in 1892, but a Tasmanian representative side was not permitted to enter the competition by the Australian Cricket Board (now Cricket Australia) until the 1977/78 season. Even then the first two seasons were on a trial basis only.
Whilst they initially struggled to prove competitive at first-class level, the Tasmanian Tigers won their first domestic trophy in 1978/79, capturing the domestic List A cricket Gillette Cup. This was a success repeated when they won the Ford Ranger Cup in 2004/05, and again in 2007/08. The Tigers also won their first First class cricket title in 2006/07, winning the Sheffield Shield, then known as the Pura Cup, in that year. A second success followed in 2010/11. Tasmania has also been twice runners-up in the domestic Twenty20 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9647226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647226" title="Manifesto of the Anti-Fascist Intellectuals">
Manifesto of the Anti-Fascist Intellectuals

The Manifesto of the Anti-Fascist Intellectuals, written by Benedetto Croce in response to the Manifesto of the Fascist Intellectuals by Giovanni Gentile, sanctioned the unreconcilable split between the philosopher and the Fascist government of Benito Mussolini, to which he had previously given a vote of confidence on October 31, 1922. The idea of an anti-Fascist manifesto came to Giovanni Amendola, who wrote to Croce, a proclaimed anti-Fascist, for his opinions on April 20, 1925:
Croce replied a day later, saying that he would be more than willing to, but that the document ought to be short, "so as not to alienate the common folk."
The manifesto was published by "Il Mondo" on May 1, 1925, which was Workers' Day, symbolically responding to the publication of the Fascist manifesto on the "Natale di Roma", the founding of Rome (celebrated on April 21). The Fascist press claimed that the Crocian manifesto was "more authoritarian" than its Fascist counterpart.
"Il Mondo" published three lists of prominent supporters of the manifesto, first on May 1 and then longer lists on May 10 and May 22. Among the supporters were Luigi Albertini, Sibilla Aleramo, Corrado Alvaro, Giovanni Amendola, Giovanni Ansaldo, Vincenzo Arangio-Ruiz, Antonio Banfi, Sem Benelli, Piero Calamandrei, Emilio Cecchi, Cesare de Lollis, Floriano del Secolo, Guido de Ruggiero, Gaetano de Sanctis, Francesco de Sarlo, Luigi Einaudi, Giorgio Errera, Giustino Fortunato, Eustachio Paolo Lamanna, Giorgio Levi della Vida, Carlo Linati, Attilio Momigliano, Rodolfo Mondolfo, Eugenio Montale, Gaetano Mosca, Ugo Enrico Paoli, Giorgio Pasquali, Giuseppe Rensi, Francesco Ruffini, Gaetano Salvemini, Matilde Serao, Adriano Tilgher, Umberto Zanotti Bianco.

</doc>
<doc id="9647235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647235" title="Saint Alphonsus Catholic School">
Saint Alphonsus Catholic School

St. Alphonsus Catholic School (SACS) is a Catholic institution run by the Benedictine Sisters. Its campus is located at Lapu-Lapu City, Cebu, Philippines. It offers programs in the preparatory, elementary and secondary levels. The school is accredited by the PAASCU. 
It is the first private school on the island of Mactan founded by the Redemptorist Fathers in 1916. Since 1921, SACS has been under the administration of the Missionary Benedictine Sisters even when the Parish was turned over by the Redemptorists to the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart (MSC) in 1921. In 1991, SACS celebrated its Diamond Jubilee. SACS celebrated its 90th foundation day in August 2005.
History.
Saint Alphonsus Catholic School was founded in 1916 by the Redemptorist Fathers, who named it in honor of their founder, Saint Alphonsus de Liguori. In 1916, the primary course was opened and in 1918, the intermediate grades were added thus completing the Elementary Department.
In 1921, the Missionary Benedictine Sisters were called to administer the school, a task they have been undertaking to the present day. In 1929, the Redemptorist Fathers turned over the Parish to the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart(MSC). But the Benedictine Sisters stayed on their work for the school.
SACS began with a school population of 250, and in 1999 reached an enrollment of 4,000 for both Elementary and Secondary Departments. In 1985 the school went through its preliminary survey accreditation by the PAASCU. In May 1990, the High School Department was granted an initial accreditation by the PAASCU.
In April 2002 the Grade School was awarded a certificate of accredited status making both departments accredited.
SACS is now administered by the DOLSH (Daughters of our Lady of the Sacred Heart) sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="9647246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9647246" title="Prachi Desai">
Prachi Desai

Prachi Desai (born in Surat, Gujarat) is an Indian film and television actress. She is the endorser, spokesperson, brand ambassador and the face of Neutrogena products in India. She starred her television career in the serial "Kasamh Se" on Zee TV.
On September 2007, Desai entered in "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" as contestant and was eliminated on November 2007. However, she entered again via the wild-card entry on November 2007 and was declared as winner of the show on December 2007.
Desai's first film was "Rock On!!" (2008), where she played the wife of Farhan Akhtar. Desai had to leave "Kasamh Se" to act in "Rock On". Her next film was "Life Partner" (2009).
In July 2010, she appeared in "Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai" with Ajay Devgan, Emraan Hashmi and Kangana Ranaut. She later appeared in Teri Meri Kahaani in a cameo appearance in 2012. In the same year she appeared in Bol Bachchan opposite Abhishek Bachchan. Her performance was praised. The movie was blockbuster on box office. In 2013 her films I, Me Aur Main and Policegiri failed on box office. She made a special appearance in Ek Villain in an item song "Awari".
Personal Life.
Prachi was born on 12th September 1988 in Surat. She was brought up in Panchgani in Maharashtra.
Filmography.
Films.
=== Television =

</doc>
