<doc id="9858913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858913" title="Dale (surname)">
Dale (surname)

Dale as a surname, may refer to: 
In academics and science:
In arts and entertainment:
In politics and government:
In religion:
In sports:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="9858920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858920" title="Be Proud Be Loud (Be Heard)">
Be Proud Be Loud (Be Heard)

"Be Proud Be Loud (Be Heard)" is the twelfth UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in 1982.
The single, and its B-side were not included on an album at the time, though both would eventually be included on the 2005 reissue of "Love Is the Law", while the title track became the lead song on the 1998 compilation "", hand picked by Toyah Willcox herself.
Track listing.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 52
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides of all releases ran at 45RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9858944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858944" title="Huub van Boeckel">
Huub van Boeckel

Huub van Boeckel (born 25 January 1960 in Den Haag, Zuid-Holland) is a retired professional tennis player from the Netherlands, who was one of the Netherlands' leading players in the 1980s. 
A right-hander, van Boeckel reached his highest singles ranking on the ATP Tour on 21 October 1985, when he became World number 93.

</doc>
<doc id="9858955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858955" title="List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (S less Sch)">
List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (S less Sch)

The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () and its variants were the highest awards in the military of the Third Reich during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded for a wide range of reasons and across all ranks, from a senior commander for skilled leadership of his troops in battle to a low-ranking soldier for a single act of extreme gallantry. A total of 7,321 awards were made between its first presentation on 30 September 1939 and its last bestowal on 17 June 1945. This number is based on the analysis and acceptance of the order commission of the Association of Knight's Cross Recipients (AKCR). Presentations were made to members of the three military branches of the Wehrmacht—the Heer (Army), Kriegsmarine (Navy) and Luftwaffe (Air Force)—as well as the Waffen-SS, the Reichsarbeitsdienst (RAD—Reich Labour Service) and the Volkssturm (German national militia). There were also 43 recipients in the military forces of allies of the Third Reich.
These recipients are listed in the 1986 edition of Walther-Peer Fellgiebel's book, — "The Bearers of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross 1939–1945 — The Owners of the Highest Award of the Second World War of all Wehrmacht Branches". Fellgiebel was the former chairman and head of the order commission of the AKCR. In 1996 a second edition of this book was published with an addendum delisting 11 of these original recipients. Author and historian Veit Scherzer has cast doubt on a further 193 of these listings. The majority of the disputed recipients had received the award in 1945, when the deteriorating situation of the Third Reich during the final days of World War II left a number of nominations incomplete and pending in various stages of the approval process. Scherzer wrote his book in cooperation with the German National Archives. The book was chosen by Prof. Dr. Franz W. Seidler for the library of the Bundeswehr University Munich and Deutsche Dienststelle (WASt) and is considered an accepted reference there. For many years Fellgiebel's book was considered the main reference work on this topic, and it has now been succeeded by Scherzer's work.
Listed here are the 524 recipients whose last name starts with "S", excluding those who start with "Sch". Author and historian Veit Scherzer has challenged the validity of 11 of these listings. This is the first of two lists of all 1,060 Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients whose last names start with "S". The recipients whose last name starts with "Sch" are listed at List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (Sch). The recipients are ordered alphabetically by last name. The rank listed is the recipient's rank at the time the Knight's Cross was awarded.
Background.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment, of 1 September 1939 instituted the Iron Cross (), the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross (). Article 2 of the enactment mandated that the award of a higher class be preceded by the award of all preceding classes. As the war progressed, some of the recipients of the Knight's Cross distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment of 3 June 1940. In 1941, two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment of 28 September 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords () and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds (). At the end of 1944 the final grade, the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds (), based on the enactment of 29 December 1944, became the final variant of the Knight's Cross authorized.
Recipients.
The Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (Supreme Command of the Armed Forces) kept separate Knight's Cross lists, one for each of the three military branches, Heer (Army), Kriegsmarine (Navy), Luftwaffe (Air Force) and for the Waffen-SS. Within each of these lists a unique sequential number was assigned to each recipient. The same numbering paradigm was applied to the higher grades of the Knight's Cross, one list per grade. Of the 524 awards made to servicemen whose last name starts with "S", excluding those who start with "Sch", 55 were later awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, nine the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and two the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds; 46 presentations were made posthumously. Heer members, including the Volkssturm, received 340 of the medals; 16 went to the Kriegsmarine, 132 to the Luftwaffe, and 37 to the Waffen-SS and Allgemeine SS. The sequential numbers greater than 843 for the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves are unofficial and were assigned by the Association of Knight's Cross Recipients (AKCR) and are therefore denoted in parentheses.

</doc>
<doc id="9858962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858962" title="In re Winship">
In re Winship

In re Winship, 397 U.S. 358 (1970), was a United States Supreme Court decision that held that when a juvenile is charged with an act that would be a crime if committed by an adult, every element of the offense must be proved beyond reasonable doubt, not preponderance of the evidence. The case has come to stand for a broader proposition, however: in a criminal prosecution, every essential element of the offense must be proved beyond reasonable doubt. See, e.g., "Apprendi v. New Jersey", 530 U.S. 466, 477 (2000); "Sullivan v. Louisiana", 508 U.S. 275, 278 (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="9858978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858978" title="Wertach">
Wertach

Wertach is a small town in the Oberallgäu district, southern Bavaria, Germany, in the German Alps. It is situated on the river Wertach, southeast of Kempten. The town was the childhood home of the writer W. G. Sebald.

</doc>
<doc id="9858982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858982" title="Killing Critics">
Killing Critics

Killing Critics is the third book in the Kathleen Mallory series written by Carol O'Connell. 
Mallory investigates the murder of Dean Starr, an artist killed in the middle of an exhibition. The killer made the murder appear to be performance art. 
Mallory and her partner, Sergeant Riker, find links to a double murder that occurred 12 years ago in an art gallery owned by the same man. Mallory's late father, Markowitz, was on that case and although he got a confession and a conviction, he never for a minute believed that he had the right man. The NYPD considers the old case closed, and will not allow them to officially investigate. 
Many of the same characters are involved in both killings: 
The New York City art world is a key character in the novel. The book also expands on Mallory's troubled childhood.

</doc>
<doc id="9858986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858986" title="The Saffrons">
The Saffrons

The Saffrons is a multi-purpose sports ground in Eastbourne, East Sussex. The ground is home to Eastbourne Cricket Club, Eastbourne Hockey Club and Eastbourne Town Football Club. There is also an astroturf pitch.
The sports ground is located on the edge of Eastbourne town centre, next to the Town Hall and is in easy reach of local transport links. The ground was first used in 1884. Sussex County Cricket Club played some of their matches there between 1896 and 2000.
Football.
The Saffrons is home to Eastbourne Town F.C., who play in the Isthmian League Division One South who have played football here since 1886, when the then Devonshire Park Football Club moved grounds from their former namesake (now the venue for the International Women's Open Tennis). Devonshire Park Football Club changed their name to Eastbourne in 1889 and adding town in 1971.
The ground has seen many improvements over the years with the stand behind the far goal being rebuild in 1994, now known as the Taffy Jones/Sid Myall stand. The original was a wooden structure and was destroyed by a fire in 1969. The stand was rebuilt but lost its roof in the 1987 hurricane.
Also since the late 1990s, floodlights have been installed at the ground along with a clubhouse, new dressing rooms and a tea bar have been built behind the stand. At the near end of the ground is a small terrace area for spectators with a movable fence to enclose the cricket ground opposite.
There is another covered area next to the main turnsite which currently has wooden benches. The main turnsite was originally built in 1914 and was destroyed by a fire in February 2004 but restored before the new season started. 
The ground plays host to many county cup finals at youth and intermediate level. The capacity of the football ground is 3,000, with seating for 200 spectators.
Cricket.
The Cricket ground is home to Eastbourne Cricket Club, who play in the Sussex Cricket League. The venue saw its first game of cricket played in 1884 and has a capacity of 4,500.
The Saffrons hosted 226 first-class matches between 1896 and 2000. Most of these involved Sussex County Cricket Club, but (especially in earlier years) a number of tour and invitational sides played here too.
The inaugural first-class match at the Saffrons was played in May 1896, when South of England drew with the touring Australians.
The ground hosted 32 List A matches between 1970 and 2000,
and one match each of Youth and Women's One-Day Internationals, as well as Sussex Second XI games.

</doc>
<doc id="9858996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9858996" title="Baloot">
Baloot

Baloot (), is a popular trick card game played in Saudi Arabia, which is similar to the French game Belote.
History of the game.
The game is similar to the French Belote. The similarity between the games rules is unknown. Baloot is believed that it was brought to Hijaz by the Indian immigrants during the Ottoman Empire, then it spread to all over the country when it was unified under the Saudi rule. Some suggest that it was brought to the area of Hijaz by the Ottomans themselves when they ruled that area.
The game.
There are four players in partnerships of two teams. A standard 32-card set is used. 8 for each player. There are two ways of playing "Judges suit, " and the other way call "Sǔn ". the suits ranking are :
Hokom (Trump).
Assume the Hokom suit is the Sherya (Clubs) ♣ (for example)
Starting the game.
The two members of each team are seated across each other at a table in such a way that no player can see the cards of other players .
The first dealer is chosen at random and after each hand the turn to deal passes to the right. 
The cards are shuffled by the dealer, and cut by the player on the left. 
The player on the left of the dealer can either say "go" without cutting the deck, shuffling it (just once), take the first card as the public card, or can give the bottom three cards to the teammate. If the dealer gives a player a card and was mistakenly flipped, the player has no right to refuse it, unless it is an Ace, then the shuffling starts again from the same dealer. 
The dealer has 32 cards; he has to deal them to the other players starting from his right three cards at a time, e.g. 3 cards to the right player, 3 cards to the front player, etc., then two cards at a time, then finally one card shown to public . The dealer is now in charge. He calls " First," which means the first round of taking the public card, players "buy" the public card, priority goes to the player on the right of the dealer, then the front player (teammate) and then the player on the left, the person with the least priority to take the card is the dealer. Players should say "no" if they don't want the card; this goes counterclockwise.
If someone takes the card, as (for example) Hokom, any player has the right to refuse and take it as Sun. But if the person took the public card as Sun, then only the person with the higher priority can take the card.
"Ashkal", it is said when a player doesn't want the public card, but wants it for their teammate, just to receive 3 cards instead of 2. note: only the dealer and the player to the left of the dealer have the right to call Ashkal. If a player calls Ashkal where they do not have the privilege, the player is forced to take the public card as Sun. If the card was an ace, the player has no right to say Ashkal, if they do, they are forced to buy it as Sun.
If a player has only zero cards - 7, 8 or 9 of any suit, he may choose to force everyone to abandon this turn with no points to any team (Kawesh/Saneen), where he buys the public card as Sun, and lies his cards face up (If he feels he has an advantage he may still buy the card normally). However, in "Second" the player may not ask for this turn to be abandoned.
If all the players choose to not take the card, then the dealer calls, "Second", which means there is another chance in taking the card. If someone takes it as Sun, then no one else can buy it over him even if they were of a higher priority. That is a significant advantage of buying Sun in the second round over the first; that no one else can take it from you even if they were of a higher priority. They lose that right by saying no in the second round. But if someone takes it as Hokom, then the Hokom must be something different from the suit of the public card because it is on the second mode. Other players can take the card as Sun. The player that takes it as Hokom, has the option to choose between three suits before lifting up the two cards that the dealer just gave. Or it is Sun if the player lifts up the two cards before naming a suit for Hokom. There is not "Ashkal" in the second round.
After someone takes the public card. The dealer continues giving other cards to the players,again starting to the right, counter clock-wise, 3 cards to each but 2 cards to the player who has taken the public card.
Playing.
The Player on the right side of the Dealer starts the round. Players counterclockwise must follow suit if they can; a player who has no cards of the suit led can play any card. Or he/she should play one of the Judges cards in case of "Hokom" rounds. each trick score should be added to the total scores until one of the team reaches the 152 points and win the game. (see Scores section below)
In case of Hokom, if the first leading card played Hokom, other players should throw the Hokom card, if or example the card played was a King of hearts and the Hokom is hearts, the next player should surrender a card that is bigger in value of the King.
Scoring.
Once a round is over, the score of each team should be added to the total score .Each card has a score rank as the following:
In case of Hokom rounds.
Regular Cards
Judges Cards
Game bonuses.
Bonuses are free extra points one of the two teams can earn during a Round. Bonuses also called "Projects" (Arabic: مشروع). Projects (except for Baloot) are always declared in the first turn and shown in the second turn.
There are several types of bonuses in Baloot. The following list describes each of them starting from the minimum .
Sira (Single line).
A player declaration "Sira", means that he has a 3 serial cards, according to Global cards sorting (A,K,Q,J,10,9,8,7). for example:
Bonus: 
50.
A player declaration "50", means that he has a 4 serial cards, according to Global cards sorting.
Bonus: 
100.
A player declaration "100", means one of the three positions:
Bonus: 
400.
A player declaration "400", means that he has 4 aces.
Bonus: 
Baloot.
A player declaration "Baloot", means that he has the King and the Queen cards of the Judges suit, for example:
The Judges cards of Hokom round are Clubs and a player has:
Bonus: 
Notes:
1- If two player from different teams, have different projects, only the player with the higher project can show the project and get points for it. 400 > 100 (serial) > 100 (4 of a kind) > 50 > Sira. Only exception is Baloot, which can count.
2- If players from different teams has the same level project (e.g.: Two Sira's) Only the one with the highest card can show the project and get points for it.
3- Baloot is not declared in the first turn, Baloot is declared when you play the second card of the project. (e.g.: on the first trick you played the king of the judges suit.. two tricks later you're going to play the queen of the judges suit, before you play it you say "Bloot")
4- If one (not both) of the Baloot cards is in another project, the Baloot can't be declared. and If both Baloot cards are in a "100" Project, Baloot can not be declared. They still can be declared in "Sira" or "50".
5- In Double, Three and Four, Projects are calculated X2, X3, X4 receptively. (See "Multiple scores" below.) (Except for "Baloot", which is always 2).
6- If one player of a team gets to show his project that entitles his team mate to show his/her project too. That is why if many projects are declared, it is wise to wait for everyone to say what is his highest card, and see if you can show your project or not. 
7- If a player has higher project than the player before him/her, but forgets to show it, the other player has the right to show his/her project before he/she plays his/her third card.
8- No card can be in two different projects (Except for both Baloot cards in "Sira" or "50").
Multiple scores.
While naming the round by one of the teams, The other team may keep silence or say Double (locked or open), The one who bought the card (and only him/her) can raise to Triple. Then the one who said double (and only him/her) can raise it further Four. Here the buyer can raise it to the limit by saying Gahwa. (Sun can only go up to double, and only when only 1 team has more than 100 points. If both teams are above 100 or below it, Sun can not be doubled).
By saying Double, the competition will be harder because the round scores will be twice as much as the normal round. The Three means 3 times as much as the normal round and Four means four. The main purposes of saying "Double or Four" is to change the way of playing and increase points, since when the game is doubled (or more) points aren't divided, the team with most points takes all. If you were playing in "locked" "Double or Four", the one who says "Double" or "Four" has the option of locking or opening the "Hokom". In case it's locked you can't use the Judged suit as a first card in any trick, you can only use them when you don't have the suit that the other player has played, or don't have any other suit to play as a first card in the trick. Otherwise, "if its Three or Gahwa" you can use any suit you want, even if it was the Judged suit. 
The Gahwa challenege will end the whole game at once for the round winner.

</doc>
<doc id="9859001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859001" title="Ted Monachino">
Ted Monachino

Ted Monachino (born October 15, 1966) is the linebackers coach for the Baltimore Ravens. 

</doc>
<doc id="9859009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859009" title="Edwin Kempes">
Edwin Kempes

Edwin Kempes (born 23 June 1976 in Amsterdam, Noord-Holland) is a retired tennis player from the Netherlands, who turned professional in 1995. 
A right-hander, Kempes reached his highest individual ranking on the ATP Tour on 21 May 2001, when he became World number 98.

</doc>
<doc id="9859010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859010" title="Omega (film)">
Omega (film)

Omega (Ωμέγα) is a 2008 Greek small budget-thriller film directed by Vasilis Blioumis. It was named the Best Full Length Greek Picture at the 8th Panorama of Independent Film Makers - T.U.C.TH. The film was accomplished in only 14 days/nights.
It was compared to Michael Haneke's "Funny Games" because of the similarities in the plot. However, Omega is very different stylistically, playing more as an "On Stage" film and belonging to a sub-genre of cinema that could be described as "Isolated Cottage".
Synopsis.
The story begins with Margarita, a cold blooded doctor, who suffers from a brain tumor. Realizing her prognosis is terminal, she heads up to her cottage to spend some time with her husband and break the news to him. Things take a turn for the worse when a visitor shows up.

</doc>
<doc id="9859017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859017" title="Windows Color System">
Windows Color System

Windows Color System (WCS) is a platform for color management first included with Windows Vista that aims to achieve color consistency across various software and hardware, including cameras, monitors, printers and scanners. Different devices interpret the same colors differently, according to their software and hardware configurations. As a result, they must be properly calibrated to reproduce colors consistently across different devices. WCS aims to make this process of color calibration automatic and transparent, as an evolution of ICC profiles.
Windows Color System features a "Color Infrastructure and Translation Engine" (CITE) at its core. It is backed up by a color processing pipeline that supports bit-depths more than 32 bits per pixel, multiple color channels (more than three), alternative color spaces and high dynamic range coloring, using a technology named "Kyuanos" developed by Canon. The color processing pipeline allows device developers to add their own gamut mapping algorithm into the pipeline to customize the color response of the device. The new pipeline also supports floating point calculations to minimize round-off errors, which are inherent in integer processing. Once the color pipeline finishes processing the colors, the CITE engine applies a color translation according to a color profile, specific to a device to ensure the output color matches to what is expected.
WCS features explicit support for LCD as well as CRT monitors, projectors, printers, and other imaging devices and provides customized support for each. WCS uses color profiles according to CIECAM02, defined using XML, to define how the color representation actually translates to a visible color. ICC V4 color profiles are also supported. Windows Photo Gallery and Photo Viewer only support the deprecated V2 standard and show dark images when used with V4 profiles, Windows Imaging Component, the HD Photo format, XPS print path and XPS documents all support color management.

</doc>
<doc id="9859020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859020" title="Festa do Albariño">
Festa do Albariño

The Festa do Albariño is a gastronomical party in Cambados, Galicia, Spain celebrated during the first weekend of August. It is the oldest wine party of Galicia and the second of Spain.
The origin of this party was a challenge in 1953 between Bernardino Quintanilla and Ernesto Zárate for determining the best wine of 1952.
The Festa.
Nowadays, the fiesta is the first Sunday of August. It is a popular event in which both the wine Albariño and the people are the stars. Every year this party concentrates about 150.000 people. This event is the most important of the Galician party calendar.
The Festa do Albariño has two faces. One of then is the public face: musical shows, fireworks, exhibitions, sport competitions, artworks, workshops about the Albariño and a collective tasting of the wine. The second face is formed by all of the official acts like the parade of the Capítulo Serenísimo do Albariño, which the Sunday of the party goes from the Town Council Square to the Fefiñans Square. 

</doc>
<doc id="9859025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859025" title="Krisztina Barta">
Krisztina Barta

Krisztina Barta (born May 9, 1991 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian ice dancer. She competes with Ádám Tóth. They are the 2008 Hungarian national champions, three time competitors on the Junior Grand Prix circuit, and two time competitors at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9859039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859039" title="Rebel Run">
Rebel Run

"Rebel Run" is the thirteenth UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in September 1983, over a year after the band's previous single. The single reached number 24 on the UK Singles Chart, Spending a total of 5 weeks on the chart. It became 'Toyah's' seventh and last top 30 hit as a band before Toyah went solo. 'Rebel Run' has become a Toyah fan favourite.
The track was taken from the fifth full length Toyah studio album, "Love Is the Law", which failed to match the success of its predecessors. The 12" single featured an additional b-side, and both of these bonus tracks appeared on the 2005 reissue of "Love Is the Law", and the compilation album "", released the same year. 
The video for Rebel Run is featured as a bonus video on the Toyah DVD 'Wild Essence- TOYAH Live in the 21st century'
Toyah appeared on several television programmes to promote Rebel Run, including a fantastic outdoor performance filmed at Alton Towers for the TV show 'Hold Tight', when the band also performed a remade version of their hit 'Ieya'.
Track listing.
7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 56
12" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE LS56
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides of all releases ran at 45RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9859050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859050" title="Live at Last Tour">
Live at Last Tour

The Live at Last Tour is the first concert tour by American singer-songwriter, Anastacia. The tour was in support of her third studio album, "Anastacia". The show mainly reached Europe. The tour was acknowledged by several names: The Live at Last Tour, Anastacia is back...Live at Last Tour and The Encore Tour Tour managed to sell 800.000 tickets for 83 dates.
Set list.
<br>
1 Performed as a duet between two audience members<br>
Source: 
<br>
1 Performed at select concerts<br>
Source:
Tour dates.
Live at Last Tour
Anastacia is back... Live at Last Tour
Encore Tour
Cancelled Dates:
Broadcasts and recordings.
The DVD features footage from her Berlin and Munich concerts of the Fall 2004 leg of the tour. It omits the song One Day in Your Life (performed as a duet between two audience members) for unexplained reasons . Along with the concert, the DVD also contains a documentary. It includes interviews with Anastacia along with music videos to five unreleased songs from Anastacia: 
along with the music videos of:
Other special features include performances of "Rearview", "One Day in Your Life" and "The Saddest Part" from the "Encore Tour". The DVD was not released in North America which came as a huge disappointment to fans.
Personnel.
Live at Last 2004
Anastacia is back...<br>Live at Last (2005)
The Encore Tour

</doc>
<doc id="9859053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859053" title="John Street (Markham)">
John Street (Markham)

John Street is an east-west arterial road in the city of Markham, Ontario. It is one of the oldest roads in the city of Markham and forms the backbone of the 200 year old community of Thornhill.
The street originally ran east from Yonge Street across a tributary of the Don River, at which point it branched north to what is now Leslie Street and south on German Mills Road. This was a travelled road which did not match the alignment of any concession road or lot line and was constructed along the most convenient route to farms and mills to serve the needs of the inhabitants at that time. In the late 20th century an extension was made across Highway 404 and through an industrial area to connect to Woodbine Avenue, east of which it joins with Esna Park Drive.
John Street has had a major impact in shaping the community; the parallel Green Lane/14th Avenue east-west road allowance has never been fully opened and Leslie Street still diverts from the route laid out by the township survey to join Don Mills Road near the former easterly end of John Street.
Description.
John Street is complete and paved. It is a modern urban road between Woodbine Avenue and Bayview Avenue, and more like a suburban road near Yonge Street, due to the influence of Old Thornhill. The road was re-paved recently in 2006. John Street serves to relieve traffic on Steeles Avenue, and Highway 7. John Street also serves as an extension of York Regional Road 71 (14th Avenue). Some other roads that are marked York Regional Road 71 are Alden Road, Esna Park Drive and parts of Centre Street in the City of Vaughan.
John Street has four lanes between Woodbine Avenue and Bayview Avenue, which means there are two lanes per direction. During that section of the road, there are occasional traffic lights. This part of John Street has one bridge, and one steep valley. Between Leslie Street, and Bayview Avenue, the street heads into a steep valley, and rise up again shortly to meet Aileen Road. During that part of the road, John Street has 7 intersections with traffic light. The road is fairly straight, and heads towards the northwest direction.
Between Bayview Avenue and Yonge Street, John Street is two lanes wide. During that section of the road, there are several stop signs. This part of John street goes up and down through valleys and ridges. As it approaches to Pomona Mills Park, the landscape becomes more level. During this section of the road, the roadway is very narrow with a sign near Yonge Street, warning people that roads could be dangerous at times because the street is very narrow.
Between Woodbine Avenue and Ontario Highway 404, all zonings are industrial. Between Highway 404 and Bayview Avenue, a mix of light railroad industrial and medium-density residence along the road. When the road approaches to Yonge Street, light residential areas are found.
History.
This road, along with any side streets in Thornhill, are one of the oldest roads in Markham, with over 200 years of history. The road is believed to be built in the 19th century, named after John Colborne. Colborne Street, immediately south of John Street, was also named after John Colborne. John Street was believed to be built around 1828-1836. Prior to that, Thornhill was a little community with houses along Yonge Street. John Street allowed eastward developments. The development of Thornhill in the 19th century stopped at what is nowadays Henderson Avenue, and along the section of John Street between Yonge Street and Henderson Avenue are developments from that time. The area is now preserved under the city of Markham's Heritage Department. Along John Street in this area, the road signs are labelled as "Old Thornhill Circa 1794". This part of John Street is also considered as the heart of Old Thornhill.
The road is also home to the Sutton Frizzel's house. Originally located on Yonge and Royal Orchard, it was moved in the 20th century due to the widening of Yonge Street. It was built by the Tory Loyalist in the 19th century, and its original occupants played a significant role in the Rebellions of 1837.
In the 20th century, as Markham's population rapidly grows, John Street was extended to its current length, with modern housing along the road.
In 2004, the corner of John and Bayview is under redevelopment of medium dense residential. This new redevelopment is referred to as "Olde Thornhill Village".
Public transit.
The York Region Transit operates the YRT Route #2 (Milliken), servicing almost the entire route of John Street east of Henderson Avenue. In addition, the Toronto Transit Commission also serves the industrial park near the east end of John Street with TTC Route #224C.

</doc>
<doc id="9859056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859056" title="Euchambersia">
Euchambersia

Euchambersia was a therocephalian therapsid that lived during the Late Permian epoch, approximately 250 million years ago, in what is now South Africa.
Description.
"Euchambersia" was a unique therocephalian. It apparently had venom glands connected to its canine teeth. Like snakes, the teeth of "Euchambersia" were adapted to inject venom to kill its prey. A recess behind each canine tooth housed the venom gland, while grooves down the outer sides of the canine teeth delivered the venom into the puncture wound, together with powerful jaws this made it a very efficient predator to hunt the herbivorious dicynodonts and pareiasaurs it encountered.
In popular culture.
"Euchambersia" made an appearance in "Walking with Monsters". Here, identified as a therocephalian, it was seen hunting "Lystrosaurus" in packs while the herd passed through a canyon. It is depicted as being nocturnal and having venom more potent than that of a black mamba. The model used for the "Euchambersia" was the same model that was used for the "Thrinaxodon" that appeared in the first episode of "Walking with Dinosaurs".

</doc>
<doc id="9859059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859059" title="Ádám Tóth">
Ádám Tóth

Ádám Tóth (born July 7, 1985 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian ice dancer. He competes with Krisztina Barta. They are the 2008 Hungarian national champions, three time competitors on the Junior Grand Prix circuit, and two time competitors at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships.
Tóth is not related to fellow Hungarian skater Zoltán Tóth.

</doc>
<doc id="9859073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859073" title="Diamond Crown Maximus">
Diamond Crown Maximus

Diamond Crown Maximus (or Maximus by Diamond Crown) is a super premium "cigar" brand handmade by Tabacalera A. Fuente in the Dominican Republic for the J.C. Newman Cigar Company.
Introduced in 2003, Diamond Crown Maximus is a full-bodied cigar with a dark, rich Ecuadorian-grown wrapper. It has a much stronger blend but is just as complex as its smooth, medium-bodied cousin, Diamond Crown cigar.
The wrapper leaves are from Oliva Tobacco's El Bajo farm and are selected from the upper corona portion of the plant, which adds to the strength of its taste.
Ratings.
Cigar Aficionado Magazine has awarded Diamond Crown Maximus cigars with ratings of 90.
Top25Cigars.com lists Diamond Crown Maximus cigars as two of the top twenty-five cigars in the world.
Size Chart.
Source: Cigar Cyclopedia
Tobacco.
Source: Cigar Cyclopedia

</doc>
<doc id="9859074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859074" title="Wertach (river)">
Wertach (river)

The Wertach is a river in Bavaria, southern Germany, left tributary of the Lech. Its total length is 151 km. The Wertach originates in the Northern Limestone Alps, in Bad Hindelang, east of Sonthofen (Oberallgäu district). It flows north along the towns Wertach, Nesselwang, Marktoberdorf, Kaufbeuren, Schwabmünchen and Bobingen. The Wertach flows into the Lech (itself a tributary of the Danube) in Augsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9859077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859077" title="Barsanti">
Barsanti

Barsanti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9859087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859087" title="Destined Records">
Destined Records

Destined Records is an independent record label, based in West End in London, in the United Kingdom.
History.
Destined Records was set up for the club output of producer Matt Schwartz, known for his work on Massive Attack, his Deepest Blue project and the producer behind hundreds of club records from Tall Paul, Arthur Baker and other DJs.
Starting its life in 2000, Destined Records has hosted hits from The Drill, 4tune500, M'black and Dada Ft. Sandy Rivera and Trix, Deepest Blue and collaborations with Paul Harris and Sam Obernik, MJ Cole, Jo Mills and Jonathan Ulysses, Destined has had support from Pete Tong, Eddie Halliwell, Sister Bliss, Tiga, Paul van Dyk, and Tiësto.
Discography.
2001<br>
DEST01 - M' Black 'Day Dream'<br>
DEST02 - Shine 'Feelings' <br>
DEST03 - Quantom 'Cannibal' <br>
2002<br>
DEST04 - Matt Schwartz Pres. Sholan 'Can You Feel' <br>
DEST05 - Sabre (2) 'High Tide' <br>
2003<br>
DEST06 - Orielle 'All I Know' <br>
DEST07 - M' Black 'Good Girl' <br>
DEST08 - Illusion 'I got the feeling'<br>
2004/5<br>
DEST09 - The Drill 'The Drill'<br>
DEST10 - 4Tune 500 'Strung Out' <br>
DEST11 - 9 Lives 'Electro Sex' <br>
DEST12 - Antarctica 'Antarctica' <br>
2006<br>
DEST13 - Matt Cole* & Matti Schwartz* present UnBalanced 'Earthlift' <br>
DEST14 - M' Black 'Night Runner' <br>
DEST15 - The Drill 'One More Night' <br>
DEST16 - Streamrocker Meets Alexander Purkart & Gorge 'Give It Up For Love' <br>
DEST17 - Crackdown EP1 <br>
2007<br>
DEST18 - DADA Feat. Sandy Rivera & Trix 'Lollipop' <br>
DEST19 - Shay Dt 'Release' <br>
DEST20 - The Drill 'Queen Bee' <br>
DEST21 - Bar Electric 'Watch out'<br>
DEST22 - Klark 'Do Disco'
DEST24 - 4TUNE500 'You gotta believe'<br>
DEST24 - Crackdown 'Pressure'<br>
DEST25 - The Drill Feat. Jonny L 'Can't wait for love'<br>
DEST26 - DADA Feat. Sandy Rivera & Trix 'Shake ya Back' (unreleased)<br>
2008<br>
DEST27 - Jukey Feat Sway 'The Way We Go'<br>
DEST28 - Benny Streisand 'Cellphone' <br>
DEST29 - Deepest Blue 'Miracle'<br>
DEST30 - Firetruck 'Burning'<br>
DEST31 - 4TUNE500 'Dancing in the dark' 08 <br>
DEST32 - The Drill Feat. Firetruck&Antarctica 'Piano Mano'<br>
DEST33 - 9Lives 'Planet Earth'<br>
2009 <br>
DEST35 - DADA, Obernik & Harris 'Stereo Flo' <br>

</doc>
<doc id="9859095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859095" title="FC Punjab Police">
FC Punjab Police

FC Punjab Police, more commonly called The Policemen, is an Indian institutional football club based in Jalandhar, Punjab (India). 
Punjab Police have an extremely proud past record of enjoying high status in sports and have produced talented players that have played in the National Team as well as the Indian football league. They have won lot of state tournaments. Their first win was the Sait Nagjee Cup in 1962 and most recent win was the Delhi Lt. Governor's Cup in 2006. However, the club’s most cherishable win was the 1994/95 Punjab Football League.
Players.
Current roster.
AMRITPAL SINGH TOOR 13
Jayesh Raval - Gujrati (now residing in UK)
Transfers.
Retained.
Paramjit Singh, Sunil Kumar, Sumit Balli, Sukhjit Singh, Bachittar Singh, Sarbjeet Singh, Gur Iqbal Singh, Balwinder Singh, Shiraz Hassan, Rohit Kumar, Harashdeep Singh, Gurpreet Singh Jr, Parminder Singh, Vijay Pal, Harnek Singh, Sandeep Singh, Amit Kumar, Pardeep Singh, Kanwalpreet Singh, Gurjeet Singh, Gurpreet Singh, Jaspal Singh, Gurpreet Singh Sr, Sukhwinder Singh, Harpreet Singh, Harjinder Singh, Mandeep Sangha,Amritpal singh toorstriker of punjab Award winner 2010
New.
Vinod Kumar (Sri Guru Gobind Singh Society, Jalandhar, Punjab), Randeep Singh (Chahal Sporting Club, Punjab), Naresh Kumar,Amritpal singh toorFOOTBALL CLUB,PUNJAB
Left.
Rakinderjit Singh, Anwar Ali (both JCT Mills), Amarjit Singh (Punjab State Electricity Board), Deepak Kumar
Honours.
1994/95 Punjab Football League 
8xGurdarshan Memorial Cup
1978, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1989, 2004
4x Hot Weather Trophy
1998, 1999, 2002, 2003
2x DCM Trophy
1966, 1976
2x Sikkim Governor's Gold Cup
1982, 1983
1999, 2003
2x Delhi Lt. Governor's Cup
2004, 2006
2xShaheed-e-Azam Sardar Bhagat Singh Memorial Trophy
2001, 2004
1962 Sait Nagjee Cup
1994 Bordoloi Trophy 
1998 BN Mullick Police Cup
2000 Manjit Memorial Football Tournament
2001 Kohima Royal Gold Cup
2003 Olympian Jarnail Singh Memorial Football Trophy
2003 Rajiv Gandhi Memorial Trophy

</doc>
<doc id="9859102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859102" title="Tupelo (disambiguation)">
Tupelo (disambiguation)

Tupelo is a genus of trees.
Tupelo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9859104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859104" title="Seeing and Doing">
Seeing and Doing

Seeing and Doing is a 2005 EP by Christ..

</doc>
<doc id="9859125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859125" title="Jeff Pfeffer">
Jeff Pfeffer

Edward Joseph Pfeffer (March 4, 1888 – August 15, 1972) born in Seymour, Illinois, was a pitcher for the St. Louis Browns (1911), Brooklyn Dodgers/Robins (1913–21), St. Louis Cardinals (1921–24) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1924). His older brother Francis was known as Big Jeff Pfeffer.
He helped the Robins win the 1916 and 1920 National League pennants. He led the National League in hit batsmen in 1916 (17) and 1917 (16). In 1916 he gave up Rogers Hornsby's first home run. In 13 seasons he had a 158–112 win-loss record with 10 saves in 347 games.
As of the end of the 2009 season, Pfeffer ranks 95th on the MLB career ERA list (2.77) and tied for 69th on the MLB career hit batsmen list (105). He is the Dodgers' career leader in ERA (2.31).
He died in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 84, and is interred at Rock Island National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9859147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859147" title="The Vow (song)">
The Vow (song)

"The Vow" is the fourteenth and final UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in November 1983.
The title track, and unusually for the band, its B-side, were taken from the fifth full-length Toyah studio album, "Love Is the Law", which failed to match the success of its predecessors, and despite appearances on several television shows of the time, the single failed to reach the UK Top 40. The 12" single featured an additional non-album B-side, which appeared on the 2005 reissue of "Love Is the Law", and the compilation album "", released the same year. 
Track listing.
7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 58
12" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE L58
Produced by Nick Tauber.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides of all releases ran at 45RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9859152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859152" title="Oracle State Park">
Oracle State Park

Oracle State Park is a state park of Arizona, USA, preserving in the northeastern foothills of the Santa Catalina Mountains. The park is named after the nearby town of Oracle. Oracle State Park serves as a wildlife refuge, but has been closed to public access since October 2009 due to state budget cutting. In October 2011 Arizona State Parks agreed to reopen Oracle on a limited basis with a $40,000 budget if the park's Friends group can raise $21,000 in additional funds. The park has more than of hiking trails, including of the Arizona Trail.
History.
For 75 years a ranching family owned the property that now comprises Oracle State Park. The family gave the property to the Defenders of Wildlife organization in 1976, and ten years later, the land was donated to the state of Arizona to create a preserve.
Flora and fauna.
Plants.
The most common plants in Oracle State Park are prickly pear and cholla cactus, scrub oak, mesquite, many wildflowers, and the occasional piñon and juniper. A solitary saguaro cactus is located in the park. The original ranch house, which was converted to be the park headquarters, has some cypress trees nearby.
Wildlife.
Bird species include red-tailed hawks, golden eagles, prairie falcons, black-throated sparrows, Gambel's quail, cactus wrens, pyrrhuloxia, northern mockingbirds, northern flickers, common poorwills, northern cardinals, and great horned owls. Many mammals inhabit the park, such as ringtails, javalinas, cougars, rock squirrels, desert cottontails, black-tailed jackrabbits, mule deer, and white-tailed deer. Reptiles and amphibians found in the area include the western box turtles, Arizona alligator lizards, Colorado river toads, bull snakes, and western diamondback rattlesnakes.
Kannally Ranch House.
The Kannally Ranch House is a historic house museum with original art and historic photos. The four-level adobe home was constructed between 1929 and 1933, features Mediterranean and Moorish architectural influences and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Center for Environmental Education.
The purpose of the park is to "protect the designated wildlife refuge and act as an environmental learning center." Before closure the park offered natural history and environmental education programs for school and adult groups, including trail walks, workshops, presentations and special events.

</doc>
<doc id="9859156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859156" title="Bellelay Abbey">
Bellelay Abbey

Bellelay Abbey is a former Premonstratensian monastery in the Bernese Jura in Switzerland, now a psychiatric clinic. It is a heritage site of national significance and the entire former Abbey complex is part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
History.
According to the legend, the monastery was founded in 1136 by Siginand, prior of the abbey of Moutier-Grandval, who got lost in the deep forest of the High Jura while hunting a wild boar and was unable to find his way out. He vowed to found a monastery if he managed to return safely to Moutier, which he did four days later. To the monastery he founded in accordance with his vow he gave the name of "belle laie" ("laie" is a female wild boar).
According to other sources, the monastery was probably founded as a result of the influence of the Bishop of Basel on the south-west border of the diocese of Basel with the territory of the Abbot of Moutier-Grandval.
The foundation was confirmed by Pope Innocent II in 1142. There are numerous spelling variations from the early years of the monastery: Balelaia, Belelagia, Belelai, Belilaia, Bellale, Bella Lagia, Bellelagia and Bellilagia. The name comes from the Vulgar Latin "bella lagia" ("beautiful forest").
The abbey possessed various estates widely scattered. It was the mother-house of several other foundations, including Grandgourt Priory, Gottstatt Abbey and Himmelspforte Abbey at Grenzach-Wyhlen in Baden-Württemberg.
Bellelay was under the authority of the diocese of Basel, but operated as an independent lordship under the terms of a protection contract agreed with Bern and Solothurn (by 1414 at the latest) and also with Biel in 1516.
Although the abbot had the right of the low justice in the abbey's immediate territory, and was awarded the right to the use of the ring, the mitre and the cross at the Council of Constance in 1414, it does not seem that Bellelay was ever an Imperial abbey.
The buildings were ransacked during the Swabian War in 1499. During the Protestant Reformation some of the residents converted to the new faith. However, thanks to the treaty with Solothurn the monastery was spared the effects of the Thirty Years' War. The abbey reached its golden age in the 18th century as a renowned place of education for the sons of European nobility. During the 18th century the monastery buildings were rebuilt and a new church building was dedicated in 1714. The monastery university opened in 1772 and by 1779 it had 62 pupils from throughout Europe. A new dormitory wing was added in 1782 to accommodate the growing student population and by 1797 there were about 100 students at Bellelay.
Dissolution.
In 1797 the buildings were occupied by French troops and secularised. The precious furnishings were sold at this time - an altar from Bellelay, for example, is now to be found in the parish church of Our Lady of the Assumption in Saignelégier.
In the 19th century the monastery premises were used as a watch factory, then as a brewery and finally as a glass factory. In 1890 the Canton of Bern acquired the site, from which time the monastery buildings have been used as a psychiatric clinic.
Since the end of the 1960s the premises have also been used for concerts and exhibitions by the "Fondation de l'Abbatiale de Bellelay".
Architecture.
The present structure of the abbey church of the Assumption was built by Franz Beer on the Vorarlberg Baroque model between 1708 and 1714. The church has two towers on the west front which formerly had onion domes. The interior is decorated with painted stucco by the Wessobrunn School, created in 1713. The other monastery buildings in the Baroque style are also from the 18th century.
Tête de Moine.
Bellelay Abbey is the home of the cheese Tête de Moine, first made by the monks in the 12th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9859164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859164" title="Gordon Cunningham">
Gordon Cunningham

Gordon Hilton Cunningham (commonly referred to as Mr. C) is a fictional character from the long-running Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Bernard Latham. He first appeared as one of the original characters on the show when it started, he left in 2004 when the character died of a heart attack which he had after being involved in a car crash. He briefly returned in 2008 in a dream sequence.
Development.
Personality and identity.
Gordon was an irascible though kind-hearted man who often displayed an amazing tendency to infuriate those that loved him the most. Gordon often had to deal with family problems including daughter Dawn's leukaemia, Cindy's teenage pregnancy and his ill-fated marriage to Helen. Gordon had four children to first wife Angela, they are Max, Dawn, Cindy and Jude. In 1999, Gordon married Helen Richardson, who then gave birth to Tom.
Storylines.
1995–2004.
Gordon begins to comfort his daughter Dawn when she struggles to fend off the advances of her mother's new boyfriend, Terry. Gordon tries to help his ex-wife, Angela overcome her crippling debts and tries to inject some discipline into the lives of their wayward children. Gordon soon builds up a witty repartee with Tony Hutchinson, when he becomes landlord of Got it Taped, and finds himself in various scrapes in his desperate attempts to keep Max and Cindy on the straight and narrow. However, things get bad for Gordon as he loses Dawn to leukaemia, and also is saddened when Jude runs off the next year after getting herself in trouble with the police.
Gordon opens his own mini supermarket called Drive 'n' Buy. He rediscovers the joys of romance later in life, falling for the recently divorced Helen Richardson. When he discovers that Helen is pregnant with his child, he does the honourable thing and asks her to marry him. With Helen come her children, Mandy and Lewis Richardson, promoting the merging of the Cunningham and Richardson families. Soon, Gordon becomes "Councillor of Chester", after he beats tough competition from Tony Hutchinson and Matt Musgrove. With the Richardson family comes considerable angst, culminating in Lewis's suicide, yet Gordon proves himself as the rock to his wife and together they have a son called Tom. Gordon began to become self-conscious. After he turns fifty, he begins a 'new look' to make himself look younger with the help of student, Nick O'Connor.
Gordon's world ruptures when Max tells him that Helen is having an affair with Tony. Gordon is shattered even more when Helen decides to leave him for Tony, but Gordon is convinced that Helen will come back to him. Struggling to cope without Helen, Gordon receives comfort from David "Bombhead" Burke. Gordon becomes a father figure to Bombhead. Eventually, Helen returns to Gordon and with some match fixing from Mandy and Max, the pair are reunited. However, tragedy strikes for Gordon when he has a random heart attack and ends up crashing the car. Gordon takes a heart attack immediately and dies in hospital. Helen also dies a few weeks later and Tom is left as an orphan. In Helen and Gordon's wills, Tom is supposed to live with Mandy but instead he goes to live with Max.
2008–2009.
Bombhead takes the news of Gordon's death badly. When his mum dies, he starts to see Gordon's ghost (reprised by Bernard Latham) who tries to convince him to tell his friends about his mum's death and that he needs help. After he gets help, his visions of Gordon's ghost stop.
Max dies on June 27, 2008. Two days later, when the show is replayed on the omnibus edition, the show is followed by a dream sequence on "T4", which shows Max being reunited with Gordon in heaven. Whilst father and son are overcome with emotion at being reunited, Max tells his father that he has sold Drive 'n' Buy. Gordon's joy of the reunion vanishes, as he smacks Max around the head and calls him a "berk".
In a 2009 non-canon special entitled "Hollyoaks: The Good, the Bad and the Gorgeous", Latham returns to reprise the role of Gordon once again from beyond the grave, where he runs a cinema showing previous "Hollyoaks" clips.

</doc>
<doc id="9859173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859173" title="The Weather Prophets">
The Weather Prophets

The Weather Prophets were a British indie band formed in London in 1986 after the break-up of The Loft. After two studio albums, the band split up, with singer Peter Astor going on to a solo career.
History.
Following the breakup of The Loft, Peter Astor (vocals, guitar) and Dave Morgan (drums) formed The Weather Prophets (named after a line in the opening paragraph of Henry Miller's "Tropic of Cancer") in 1986. An early incarnation saw Creation Records head-honcho Alan McGee playing bass, but he soon reverted to manager as new members David Greenwood Goulding (bass) and Oisin Little (guitar) were recruited to complete the line up.The debut single, "Almost Prayed" (Creation, 1986), seemed to carry on where The Loft had left off; consequently both interest and critical approval were high for the record, and a second single was issued on Creation that same year.
After a German mini-album, for the release of their debut album proper, McGee had successfully managed to sign the band to Elevation Records - the WEA subsidiary with which he was associated. Expectations were high when the Lenny Kaye-produced "Mayflower" appeared in 1987, but the album was greeted with a mixed response by the critics and the band were eventually dropped from the label.
All was not lost, however, as they eventually returned to Creation for a further album, "Judges, Juries and Horsemen" in 1988. By this time, Oisin Little had departed, and interest in the band had waned. A final single, "Always the Light", was issued before the band decided to split up.
After the split.
Following the split, Peter Astor embarked upon a solo career, and later recorded as Wisdom of Harry and Ellis Island Sound, while the two remaining members joined The Rockingbirds.
An odds'n'ends compilation, "Temperance Hotel", was released by Creation in 1989, with '"87 Live" appearing in 1991. "Blue Skies & Freerides – The Best of 1986-1989" was issued by Cherry Red in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9859176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859176" title="Ekaterina Zaikina">
Ekaterina Zaikina

Ekaterina Zaikina (born 27 May 1990 in Tolyatti) is a Russian former ice dancer who also competed for Georgia. Early in her career, she competed for Russia with Matvei Matveev. From 2005 through 2007, she competed with Otar Japaridze for Georgia. They were two-time competitors at the World Junior Championships.
Results.
With Japaridze for Georgia:

</doc>
<doc id="9859178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859178" title="Joe Christopher">
Joe Christopher

Joseph O'Neal (Joe) Christopher (born December 13, 1935 in Frederiksted, U.S. Virgin Islands) is a former outfielder who played in Major League Baseball from through . Listed at 5' 10", 175 lbs., he batted and threw right-handed.
Christopher is credited as the first baseball player from the Virgin Islands to appear in a major league game. He reached the majors in 1959 with the Pittsburgh Pirates, spending three years with them before moving to the New York Mets (1962–65) and Boston Red Sox (1966). 
While in Pittsburgh, Christopher was used as a backup in all three outfield positions for Bob Skinner (LF), Bill Virdon (CF) and Roberto Clemente (RF). He was first called up when Clemente was injured, making his debut in nothing less than Harvey Haddix’s pitching masterpiece of 12 perfect innings on May 26, 1959. As a member of the 1960 World Series Champion Pirates, he was a utility player, pinch-running in three games and scoring two runs (games 2 and 5).
Christopher became the Mets’ fifth pick in the 1961 MLB Expansion Draft. In 1964 he enjoyed easily his finest season as a major-leaguer, hitting .300 with 16 home runs, 76 RBI, 78 runs, 163 hits, 26 doubles, and eight triples in 154 games, all career-highs. He had a career-best day on August 19, collecting two triples, a double, and a home run in an 8–6 victory over his former Pirates teammates. Then, on September 25 he broke up the no-hit bid of Cincinnati Reds pitcher Jim Maloney at Shea Stadium. His second-inning single was the only hit against Maloney, who had to settle for a 3–0 shutout.
Christopher played briefly in 1966 for the Red Sox and was dealt with pitcher Earl Wilson to the Detroit Tigers, who sent Julio Navarro as part of the package. Although Christopher’s major league career had come to an end on June 9, 1966 (he never played for Detroit), he stayed active in the minors through 1968. He also played winter baseball in Dominican Republic, Mexico and Puerto Rico. 
In an eight-season career, Christopher was a .260 hitter with 29 home runs and 173 RBI in 638 games, including one five-hit game and eight four-hit games. Since retiring, his consuming passion has been his art. He devotes himself to drawing (in a Pre-Columbian style), from which he gains patience and concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="9859200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859200" title="Maryland Route 134">
Maryland Route 134

Maryland Route 134 (MD 134) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Bellona Avenue, the state highway runs from MD 139 in Towson north to Ruxton Road at Ruxton in central Baltimore County. MD 134 was created as a modern road from MD 139 to MD 25 in 1928. The highway was reduced to its present length in 1962.
Route description.
MD 134 begins at MD 139 (Charles Street) in the southwestern part of Towson. Bellona Avenue continues southeast as a county road through Rodgers Forge and then a city street in Baltimore, ultimately ending at MD 45 (York Road). MD 134 heads west as a two-lane road through a forested residential area. The state highway veers north near Lake Roland and begins to closely parallel the Baltimore Light Rail. MD 134 reaches its northern terminus in the village of Ruxton at an intersection with Ruxton Road, which heads west across the tracks toward Pikesville. Bellona Avenue continues north parallel to the light rail tracks as a county highway that intersects Joppa Road in Riderwood before veering east and intersecting MD 139 again just south of Interstate 695 (Baltimore Beltway). There is also a disjoint segment of Bellona Avenue north of the Beltway in Lutherville.
History.
MD 134 originally followed not only its present course along Bellona Avenue, but also Ruxton Road west to MD 25 in the hamlet of Rockland east of Pikesville. The whole original length of the highway was paved in macadam in 1928. The Ruxton Road portion of MD 134 was transferred to Baltimore County in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="9859212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859212" title="Fastin">
Fastin

Fastin is a dietary supplement that is manufactured and marketed for weight loss by Hi Tech Pharmaceuticals in Atlanta, GA. There is no clinical evidence that this supplement is effective for weight loss. Fastin was once a brand name of a drug called phentermine and the Fastin brand of phentermine was manufactured by King Pharmaceuticals.
Fastin and 10 other products manufactured by Hi Tech Pharmaceuticals were banned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2013 because they contain Dimethylamylamine HCl (DMAA), an illegal food additive that is deemed unsafe. At the request of the FDA, U.S. Marshals seized dietary supplements worth more than $2 million manufactured and held by Hi-Tech Pharmaceuticals. Numerous reports of illnesses and death have been associated with supplements containing DMAA. 

</doc>
<doc id="9859223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859223" title="Protein kinase inhibitor">
Protein kinase inhibitor

A protein kinase inhibitor is a type of enzyme inhibitor that blocks the action of one or more protein kinases. Protein kinases are enzymes that add a phosphate (PO4) group to a protein or other organic molecule. Phosphate groups can turn a protein off.
The phosphate groups are usually added to the serine, threonine, or tyrosine amino acid on the protein. Hence, protein kinase inhibitors can be subdivided or characterised by the amino acids whose phosphorylation is inhibited: most kinases act on both serine and threonine, the tyrosine kinases act on tyrosine, and a number (dual-specificity kinases) act on all three. There are also protein kinases that phosphorylate other amino acids, including histidine kinases that phosphorylate histidine residues.
Phosphorylation is a necessary step in some cancers and inflammatory diseases. Inhibiting the protein kinases, and therefore the phosphorylation, can treat these diseases. Therefore, protein kinase inhibitors are used as drugs.
Clinical use.
Kinase inhibitors such as dasatinib are often used in the treatment of cancer and inflammation. The novel kinase inhibitor PLX5568 is currently in clinical trials for treatment of polycystic kidney disease as well as pain. 
Some of the kinase inhibitors used in treating cancer are inhibitors of tyrosine kinases.
The effectiveness of kinase inhibitors on various cancers can vary from patient to patient.
Examples.
Currently there are several drugs launched or in development that target protein kinases and the receptors that activate them:
Comparison of available agents.
Note:<br>
AD = Approval date.<br>
MS = Myelosuppression.<br>
D = Diarrhoea.<br>
FR = Fluid retention.<br>
As far as myelosuppression, diarrhoea and fluid retention goes: +++ means >70% of patients exhibit clinically significant myelosuppression. ++ means 30-70% of patients exhibit significant myelosuppression. + means 10-30% of patients exhibit significant myelosuppression. - means 0-10% of patients exhibit this side effect.<br>
General references templates are given, which refer the reader to the respective drug database.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9859254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859254" title="Indian Village, Noble County, Indiana">
Indian Village, Noble County, Indiana

Indian Village (formerly known as Alcinda) is a small unincorporated community located in Noble County, Indiana, United States approximately 1.5 miles south of Cromwell and 2 miles east of Lake Wawasee at the junction of Indiana State Road 5 and County Road W 300 N.
Indian Village is noted for being the Indian reservation residence of Miami chief Papakeecha who lived in a one-story brick home there from 1827 through 1834.
Currently Indian Village has a few homes and is surrounded by farm land.

</doc>
<doc id="9859261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859261" title="OSSD">
OSSD

OSSD is an abbreviation which stands for:

</doc>
<doc id="9859262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859262" title="Otar Japaridze">
Otar Japaridze

Otar Japaridze () (born December 23, 1987) is a Georgian ice dancer. With former partner Allison Reed, he represented Georgia at the 2010 Winter Olympics. He currently skates with Angelina Telegina.
Career.
Japaridze competed in single skating until the age of 15 and then switched to ice dancing. From 2002 through 2004, he competed with Marina Sheltsina. They were the 2004 Georgian national champions. 
From 2005 through 2007, Japaridze competed with Russian-born Ekaterina Zaikina for Georgia. They competed twice at the World Junior Championships. 
In the 2007–2008 season, Japaridze competed with American ice dancer Isabella Tobias for Georgia. 
In May 2009, Japaridze teamed up with American Allison Reed to compete for Georgia; they trained in Mount Laurel, New Jersey with coach and choreographer Evgeni Platov. At the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, they qualified a spot for Georgia for the 2010 Winter Olympics. Reed received a Georgian passport in January 2010, allowing them to compete at the 2010 Winter Olympics. Reed and Japaridze split following the 2010-11 season. 
In February 2012, Japaridze teamed up with Russian ice dancer Angelina Telegina to compete for Georgia.
Personal life.
Otar Japaridze was born in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union. His father, Irakli Japaridze, is the president of the Georgian Figure Skating Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="9859269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859269" title="Echinocardium australe">
Echinocardium australe

Echinocardium australe, or the New Zealand heart urchin is a sea urchin of the family Loveniidae, endemic to New Zealand. Length is up to 40 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="9859280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859280" title="Qatar Crown Prince Cup">
Qatar Crown Prince Cup

The Qatar Crown Prince Cup is a cup tournament in men's football. It is played by the top 4 teams of the Qatar National First Division after each season. El Jaish won the Heir Apparent Cup 2014.
Previous winners.
Winners are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9859319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859319" title="Track7">
Track7

Track7 is a company established in Athens, Greece in 2002.
It operates in various sectors via its subsidiaries.
More specifically it works in the business of music, video games, photography and graphics, artist management, installation art, musical and artistic events coordination via its Track7Artspace Art Gallery near Patsi Street in Athens and finally merchandising.
It became well known by its upcoming adventure game Theseis to be released in the Xbox 360 and PC platforms through Track7 Games and also by its music company named Track7 Music having signed major names in the Greek music industry.
Subsidiaries.
Track7's current subsidiaries are:

</doc>
<doc id="9859347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859347" title="Premier League Cup">
Premier League Cup

Premier League Cup may refer to:
In association football:
In motorcycle speedway:

</doc>
<doc id="9859355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859355" title="Chupaca Province">
Chupaca Province

Chupaca Province, located in Central Peru, is one of the nine provinces that compose the Junín Region, bordering to the north with the Concepción Province, to the east with the Huancayo Province, to the south with the Huancavelica Region and to the west with the Lima Region. The province has a population of approximately 57,000 inhabitants, and the capital is Chupaca.
Geography.
Chupaca, meaning "Heroic Province" is located from Lima, and has a temperate and dry climate. Located within the province is the lake Ñawinpukyu west of the city Huancayo, with surface water spanning , where the breeding of trout, mule trips and boating occur.
Political division.
The province is divided into nine districts (with main towns).
History.
Furthest back in the known history of the Chupaca Province the Arwaturu tribe located alongside the lake Ñawinpukyu constructed buildings from stone and mud that aligned to the north and to the south in such a way that they received all the rays from the sun. 
Low the Chongos; a town south of Huancayo has a church dating back to 1540 with altars carved in baroque style.

</doc>
<doc id="9859367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859367" title="Camino Real Hotels">
Camino Real Hotels

Camino Real Hotels is a Mexican-based hotel chain consisting of hotels and resorts.
History.
"Camino Real" was the name given by 16th century Spaniards to the road that led to the capital of New Spain, today known as Mexico.
In 1958, the name Camino Real is used for the first time with the opening of the "Camino Real Guadalajara" hotel, one of the hotels which have recently remodeled all their rooms and their main service areas without losing the luxuriant vegetation which surrounds them.
In 1960 Banamex and a group of private investors create Hoteles Camino Real.
In 1962 an affiliation agreement is entered with Westin International Hotels (which would later become Westin), thus establishing in Mexico the first luxury hotel chain with an international representation.
In 1993 the 31-year relationship between Westin Hotels and Resort and Camino Real ends.
On June 5, 2000, Camino Real is bought by one of the country’s most important and solid groups: "Grupo Empresarial Ángeles", which by acquiring Real Turismo Propietaria y Operadora, gives an important stability to the development of Hotels, making important remodeling efforts.
One of the newest Camino Real hotels is that one in San Pedro, Garza Garcia, Monterrey. Its architecture is modern but still keeps the Mexican style of most Camino Real hotels in Mexico. Camino Real owns one Hotel outside Mexico and it is located Downtown El Paso, TX

</doc>
<doc id="9859370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859370" title="Awake (Crematory album)">
Awake (Crematory album)

Awake is the fifth studio album by the German band Crematory, distributed through
Nuclear Blast.
The release reflected the band's discontinuation with their death-doom, roots, opting for more keyboard-driven gothic metal with industrial music, ethnic fusion and clean baritone vocals/guttural death grunts.
It would be the band's last album with guitarist Lotte Först.

</doc>
<doc id="9859382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859382" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill

Women's Downhill World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Women's Downhill World Cup 1990/91 all results count.
Women's Downhill Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9859388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859388" title="Sheikh Jassem Cup">
Sheikh Jassem Cup

The Sheikh Jassem Cup is a prelude to the Qatar first division league and Qatar's knockout tournament in men's football (soccer). 

</doc>
<doc id="9859397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859397" title="Tosmare">
Tosmare

Tosmare is a district north of Liepāja, Latvia near the Karosta and lake "Tosmare".
Tosmare is well known mostly because of its shipyard "Tosmare", currently owned by Rigas Kugubuvetava.
Notable residents.
Here in 1914–1926 lived famous Latvian poet Mirdza Ķempe.

</doc>
<doc id="9859428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859428" title="1993–94 Calgary Flames season">
1993–94 Calgary Flames season

The 1993–94 Calgary Flames season was the 14th National Hockey League season in Calgary. It was a season of change across the NHL, as the league reorganized its divisions and playoff format. The Smythe Division was retired and the Flames joined the new Pacific Division of the Western Conference, as the NHL aligned itself with the other major sports leagues in naming divisions by geographical boundaries. The change angered fans, who preferred the traditional convention, which honoured the game's past builders.
Realignment also led to significant changes in the playoff format, as the top eight teams in each conference now qualified for the post-season, rather than the top four in each division. Under the new format, the top team in each division was guaranteed one of the top two seeds, and declared the divisional champion, as opposed to having to win two playoff rounds to capture the division title. Thus, the Flames became the first Pacific Division champions, and the second seed in the playoffs. They faced the second place Vancouver Canucks in the playoffs rather than the fourth place Mighty Ducks of Anaheim who failed to qualify under the new system.
The playoffs ended in another bitter disappointment, as the Flames blew a 3–1 series lead, losing the last three games in overtime to the Canucks, who would eventually go onto the Stanley Cup finals before bowing out to the New York Rangers.
Two Flames represented the Western Conference at the 1994 All-Star Game: Forward Joe Nieuwendyk and defenceman Al MacInnis.
For the second consecutive season, four Flames reached the 30-goal plateau. Three of them (Theoren Fleury, Robert Reichel and Gary Roberts) were also 40-goal scorers.
Prior to the season, Calgary lost two players in the 1993 NHL Expansion Draft, as the Florida Panthers selected defenceman Alexander Godynyuk 13th overall, and centre Brian Skrudland 32nd overall. The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim did not select any Flames players.
Regular season.
The Flames were shorthanded a total of 465 times during the regular season, the most among all 26 teams.
Playoffs.
The Flames entered the 1994 Stanley Cup playoffs as the second seed under the new alignment, facing the seventh seeded Vancouver Canucks. After getting blown out at home in game one, the Flames responded by winning the next three games to take a 3–1 series lead. The Flames, however, lost the last three games in overtime, as they proved unable to overcome a series of injuries to key players, and the tenacious play of the Canucks. Pavel Bure scored the series winner on a breakaway in double overtime for the Canucks, who reached the Stanley Cup finals before falling to the New York Rangers in seven games.
For the Flames, it was another year of playoff frustration, as for the fifth consecutive year, Calgary failed to reach the second round of the post-season.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Calgary. Stats reflect time with the Flames only.
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/shootout losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Calgary. Stats reflect time with the Flames only.
Transactions.
The Flames were involved in the following transactions during the 1993–94 season.
Draft picks.
Calgary's picks at the 1993 NHL Entry Draft, held in Quebec City, Quebec.
Farm teams.
Saint John Flames.
The 1993–94 American Hockey League season was the first for the Flames top minor league affiliate as the new expansion team was created in Saint John, New Brunswick. The Flames posted a respectable 37–33–10 record in their first season, good enough for second in the Atlantic division. They fell to the Moncton Hawks in seven games in the first round of the playoffs, however. Cory Stillman led the Flames with 35 goals, while Mark Freer lead with 86 points. Jason Muzzatti was the starting goaltender, posting an 26–23–3 record with a 3.74 GAA in 51 games.

</doc>
<doc id="9859435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859435" title="James St Clair">
James St Clair

General The Hon. James St Clair (1688 – 30 November 1762), was a Scottish soldier and Whig politician.
Background.
St Clair was the second son of Henry St Clair, 10th Lord Sinclair and his wife Grizel Cockburn, daughter of Sir James Cockburn, 1st Baronet. As a child he received a commission into the 1st Battalion, Royal Regiment of Foot.
Military career.
St Clair became an ensign of 6th Regiment of Foot in 1694, however was set on halfpay in 1713. In the next year, he was admitted to the 3rd Foot Guards and was promoted to captain in 1714. He served as 2nd major of his regiment from 1722 and as 1st major from 1725, having been advanced to the rank of brevet colonel two years before. In 1734, St Clair was appointed to the command of the 22nd Regiment of Foot and three years later he was transferred to the colonelship of the Royal Regiment of Foot (later renamed as 1st (Royal) Regiment of Foot), which he held until his death.
He rose to brigadier general in 1739 and already after another two years to major general. St Clair became lieutenant-general in charge of the British forces in Flanders in June 1745 and in the following year, he was sent with six thousand men to attack Quebec. Because of delays, he sailed instead to capture the Breton port of Lorient. He destroyed the French fortifications near Quiberon and then returned to England. In 1761, St Clair was finally advanced to the rank of full general.
Political career.
St Clair entered the British House of Commons in 1722, sitting for Dysart Burghs until 1734. Two years later, he was elected for Sutherland, which constituency he represented until 1747, when he was again returned for Dysart. He held the latter seat until 1754 and became then member of Parliament for Fife until 1762. St Clair travelled as envoy to the courts of Turin and Vienna in 1748 and later acted as governor of County Cork.
Personal life.
In 1735, St Clair bought Rosslyn Castle, which was later inherited by the male heirs of his sisters. On the death of his older brother John St Clair in 1750, he succeeded de jure as Lord Sinclair, but never assumed the title, preferring to retain his seat in the Commons.
Around 1745, he married Janet Dalrymple, the youngest daughter of Sir David Dalrymple, 1st Baronet and widow of Sir John Baird, 2nd Baronet. Their marriage was childless. St Clair died in Dysart in 1766 and was survived by his wife for four years. With his death the lordship became dormant until 1782, when it reverted to Charles St Clair, a first cousin of James Sinclair, 7th Lord Sinclair.
Legacy.
St. Clair, Minnesota is named after St. Clair.

</doc>
<doc id="9859441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859441" title="Lloyd Jones">
Lloyd Jones

Lloyd Jones or Lloyd-Jones may refer to:
Places.
Lloyd Jones may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9859447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859447" title="2008 East Asian Football Championship">
2008 East Asian Football Championship

The 2008 EAFF East Asian Football Championship was held between 17 February and 23 February in 2008. The preliminary competitions were held from 25 March to 24 June in 2007.
Preliminary Competition.
Stage One.
Guam won over Northern Mariana Islands by an aggregate of 12-2 and advanced to stage two of the preliminary competition.
Stage Two.
The top team of each group qualifies for the final match. The champion of the Preliminary Competition qualifies for the Final Competition.
Final Tournament.
Matches Detail.
"All times, local time"

</doc>
<doc id="9859460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859460" title="Puthur">
Puthur

Puthur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9859475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859475" title="Angus McLean (footballer)">
Angus McLean (footballer)

Angus McLean (20 September 1925 – 1979) was a football player and club manager.
A solidly built centre-half who began his career with Aberystwyth Town, McLean moved on to Hilton Main before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers as an amateur in 1939.
He turned professional in November 1942 and helped Wolves to top six finishes in each of the first three post-war seasons. A knee injury kept him out of the team for most of the 1948-49 season and so he missed out on a place in Wolves' 1949 FA Cup winning side.
McLean left Wolves in May 1951 to become player-manager at Aberystwyth Town, subsequently joining Bromsgrove Rovers as a player. In May 1953, McLean joined Bury as player-coach, moving to Crewe Alexandra as a player the following June.
After leaving Crewe he coached a number of non-league sides before taking over from Brian Clough as manager of Hartlepools United in May 1967. The following season, he led Hartlepool to their first ever promotion, but they were relegated after just one season. Despite relegation, McLean remained in charge, but was sacked in April 1970 when Hartlepool finished in the bottom four and were forced to seek re-election to the Football League.
McLean managed Bromsgrove Rovers between 1973 and 1975, after which time he worked as a scout until his death in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9859478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859478" title="Örsö">
Örsö

Örsö is an island located in the Stockholm archipelago in Sweden.
The island is located south of Ljusterö and north of Värmdö. It neighbours popular island Grinda.

</doc>
<doc id="9859483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859483" title="Lloyd Jones (figure skater)">
Lloyd Jones (figure skater)

Lloyd Jones (born 1 August 1988) is a Welsh ice dancer who has competed internationally for France since 2009. With Pernelle Carron, he is the 2011 Cup of China bronze medalist, 2013 Winter Universiade champion, 2010 Cup of Nice champion, three-time NRW Trophy champion, and 2010 French national champion. Earlier in his career, Jones competed for Great Britain.
Personal life.
Jones became a French citizen in October 2013.
Career.
Early partnerships.
Early in his career, Jones for Great Britain. Following a partnership with Lucy Strange, he teamed up with Leigh Rogers. They won two British national junior titles and competed twice at the World Junior Championships. His next partner was Danielle Bennett, with whom he won silver on the junior level at the 2009 British Championships.
Partnership with Pernelle Carron.
In April 2009, Jones teamed up with Pernelle Carron to compete for France. They were coached by Muriel Boucher-Zazoui and Romain Haguenauer in Lyon, France at the start of their partnership.
In their first season together, Carron and Jones won the NRW Trophy and became the French national champions, a title they won in the absence of the higher ranked Isabelle Delobel / Olivier Schoenfelder and Nathalie Pechalat / Fabian Bourzat. Carron and Jones were 12th at the European Championships and at that season's World Championships.
In the 2010–2011 season, they again won the 2010 NRW Trophy, as well as the 2010 Coupe de Nice, and finished 5th and 4th in two Grand Prix assignments, 2011 Skate Canada and the 2010 Trophee Eric Bompard, respectively. They were unable to defend their national title, finishing with a silver medal behind Pechalat and Bourzat. They moved up to 9th at the European Championships and again finished 12th at Worlds. After the season ended, they moved to the United States to be coached by Natalia Linichuk.
In 2011–12, Carron and Jones began their season by taking silver at the 2011 Cup of Nice. They then won their first Grand Prix medal together, bronze, at the 2011 Cup of China. At the end of the season, they moved to the UK to be coached by Marika Humphreys.

</doc>
<doc id="9859504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859504" title="Elisabeth of Swabia">
Elisabeth of Swabia

Elisabeth of Swabia (renamed Beatrice; March/May 1205 – 5 November 1235), was a German princess member of the House of Hohenstaufen and by marriage Queen consort of Castile and Leon.
Born in Nürnberg, she was the fourth daughter of Philip, Duke of Swabia and King of Germany, and Irene Angelina, daughter of Emperor Isaac II Angelos of the Byzantine Empire. 
Life.
After the murder of her father Philip (21 June 1208) and the death of her mother Irene after childbirth complications two months later (27 August), she and her sisters were placed under the guardianship of their cousin, Frederick, King of Sicily (later Emperor Frederick II), who arranged the marriage of Elisabeth and King Ferdinand III of Castile.
The marriage ceremony between Elisabeth and Ferdinand III was celebrated on 30 November 1219 in the city of Burgos. In Castile, she assumed the name "Beatrice", probably in honour to both her eldest sister the Holy Roman Empress (who had died in 1212) and the youngest one (who died alongside their mother in 1208 during childbirth). 
In 1230, after the death of her father-in-law, King Alfonso IX of Leon, she became also in the Queen consort of that country, who became definitely united to Castile.
During her marriage, Queen Beatrice gave birth ten children:
Queen Beatrice died in Toro on 5 November 1235 aged 30. Her death was probably related to her last childbirth, or even died after giving birth. She was buried in the Royal Monastery of Huelgas de Burgos, next to King Henry I. Later, her son Alfonso X transferred her body to Seville Cathedral in 1279, where that of her husband rested.

</doc>
<doc id="9859505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859505" title="Prince Oleg Konstantinovich of Russia">
Prince Oleg Konstantinovich of Russia

Prince Oleg Konstantinovich of Russia ( - ), was a son of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich.
He died of wounds suffered in battle against the Germans during World War I.
Early life.
Prince Oleg was generally considered to be the brightest of Grand Duke Konstantine's children. He had great curiosity and created complicated fantasy games for himself and his siblings to play.
Grand Duke Konstantine, a poet himself, arranged for his children to receive lessons from experts in a variety of fields. Well-known archaeologists told the children about their latest expeditions, architects showed the children slides and explained their works, choirs of Old Believers and peasants from all corners of the empire were brought to sing church music or folk songs to the children. Oleg was so intelligent that his father decided to send him to a prestigious school, the Alexander Lyceum, rather than to give him the standard military education that the other men in the family received. Konstantin's unconventional choice of education for Prince Oleg met with disapproval from his family members. Oleg was Grand Duke Konstantin's favorite son.
At one point he reportedly hoped to marry a cousin, Princess Nadejda Petrovna of Russia, but this hope was prevented by the advent of World War I.
Service in World War I and death.
Prince Oleg, with four of his brothers, served in the Guards during World War I. He was wounded while fighting against the Germans. Emergency surgery could not save him. As he was dying, he said, "I am so happy. It will encourage the troops to know that the Imperial House is not afraid to shed its blood."

</doc>
<doc id="9859507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859507" title="Leigh Rogers">
Leigh Rogers

Leigh Rogers (born 1 August 1989 in London) is an English ice dancer. With former partner Lloyd Jones, she is the 2006 & 2007 British junior national champion and competed twice at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9859513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859513" title="1867 in Ireland">
1867 in Ireland

Events from the year 1867 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9859517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859517" title="Golden Dragon, Silver Snake">
Golden Dragon, Silver Snake

Golden Dragon, Silver Snake is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Godfrey Ho, starring martial artist Dragon Lee, Kong Do.

</doc>
<doc id="9859522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859522" title="Lewis Albanese">
Lewis Albanese

Lewis Albanese (April 27, 1946 – December 1, 1966) was an Italian born United States Army Private First Class during the Vietnam War who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions during a fire fight where he freed his platoon from sniper fire.
Biography.
Louie Albanese (in Italian Luigi) was born in Cornedo Vicentino - Vicenza, Italy, graduated from Franklin High School in Seattle, Washington. He briefly worked for Boeing before joining the Army on 26 October 1965. He received basic training with B Co 1st Bn 11th Inf at Fort Carson, Colorado and was sent to Vietnam in August 1966 as part of the 7th Cavalry attached to the 1st Cavalry Division. In December 1966, while on patrol in the Republic of Vietnam with Company B of the 5th Battalion, his unit received heavy fire from concealed enemy positions. During an attempted encirclement of the platoon by the Vietnamese forces, Albanese fixed a bayonet to his weapon and charged the enemy positions. Upon arriving and momentarily silencing the enemy fire, Albanese discovered that the ditch he had charged was a well entrenched position. He continued 100 metres through the position, killing at least eight enemy snipers despite running out of ammunition and being forced to fight hand to hand, and being mortally wounded.
His actions enabled his unit to advance further, and he posthumously received the Medal of Honor, which was presented to his family at the Pentagon by Secretary of the Army Stanley Rogers Resor on February 16, 1968. He is buried in Evergreen-Washelli Memorial Park and Funeral Home in Seattle Washington and his name is found on Panel 12E, Row 131 of the Vietnam War Memorial.
In 2014 in his native country town Cornedo Vicentino in Italy was named after a street in his name .
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life and beyond the call of duty. Pfc. Albanese's platoon, while advancing through densely covered terrain to establish a blocking position, received intense automatic weapons fire from close range. As other members maneuvered to assault the enemy position, Pfc. Albanese was ordered to provide security for the left flank of the platoon. Suddenly, the left flank received fire from enemy located in a well-concealed ditch. Realizing the imminent danger to his comrades from this fire, Pfc. Albanese fixed his bayonet and moved aggressively into the ditch. His action silenced the sniper fire, enabling the platoon to resume movement toward the main enemy position. As the platoon continued to advance, the sound of heavy firing emanated from the left flank from a pitched battle that ensued in the ditch which Pfc. Albanese had entered. The ditch was actually a well-organized complex of enemy defenses designed to bring devastating flanking fire on the forces attacking the main position. Pfc. Albanese, disregarding the danger to himself, advanced 100 meters along the trench and killed 6 of the snipers, who were armed with automatic weapons. Having exhausted his ammunition, Pfc. Albanese was mortally wounded when he engaged and killed 2 more enemy soldiers in fierce hand-to-hand combat. His unparalleled actions saved the lives of many members of his platoon who otherwise would have fallen to the sniper fire from the ditch, and enabled his platoon to successfully advance against an enemy force of overwhelming numerical superiority. Pfc. Albanese's extraordinary heroism and supreme dedication to his comrades were commensurate with the finest traditions of the military service and remain a tribute to himself, his unit, and the U.S. Army.

</doc>
<doc id="9859523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859523" title="Chris Levis">
Chris Levis

Chris Levis (born March 25, 1976 in Windsor, Ontario) is a Canadian goaltender for the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League. Levis was the backup for the Mammoth in the 2006 season behind Gee Nash when they won the NLL Championship. He returned to the Mammoth in the 2010 season, where he ranked 12th in saves. He made 3 key overtime saves in his biggest win as a Mammoth, beating the Boston Bandits 9-8 in overtime to end a home losing streak at Pepsi Center dating back to April 2009, which ended March 25, 2011. He has previously played for Columbus, New York, Buffalo, Edmonton and Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="9859540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859540" title="Synaptojanin">
Synaptojanin

Synaptojanin is a protein involved in vesicle uncoating in neurons. This is an important regulatory lipid phosphatase. It dephosphorylates the D-5 position phosphate from phosphatidylinositol (3,4,5)-trisphosphate (PIP3) and Phosphatidylinositol (4,5)-bisphosphate(PIP2). It belongs to family of 5-phosphatases, which are structurally unrelated to D-3 inositol phosphatases like PTEN. Other members of the family of 5'phosphoinositide phosphatases include OCRL, SHIP1, SHIP2, INPP5J, INPP5E, INPP5B, INPP5A and SKIP.
Synaptojanin Family.
The synaptojanin family comprises proteins that are key players in the synaptic vesicle recovery at the synapse. In general, vesicles containing neurotransmitters fuse with the presynaptic cell in order to release neurotransmitter into the synaptic cleft. It is the release of neurotransmitters that allows neuron to neuron communication in the nervous system. The recovery of the vesicle is referred to as endocytosis and is important to reset the presynaptic cell with new neurotransmitter.
Synaptojanin 1 and Synaptojanin 2 are the two main proteins in the synaptojanin family. Synaptojanin 2 can be further subdivided into synaptojanin 2a and synaptojanin 2b.
The mechanism by which vesicles are recovered is thought to involve the synaptojanin attracting the protein clathrin, which coats the vesicle and initiates vesicle endocytosis. 
Synaptojanins are composed to three domains. The first is a central inositol 5-phosphatase domain, which can act on both PIP2 and PIP3. The second is an N-terminal Sac1-like inositol phosphatase domain, which can hydrolyze to PI in vitro PIP, PIP2. The third is a C-terminal domain that is rich in the amino acid proline and interacts with several proteins also involved in vesicle endocytosis. Specifically, the c-terminal domain interacts with amphiphysin, endophilin, DAP160/intersectin, syndapin and Eps15. The function of endophilin appears to be a binding partner for synaptojanin such that it can interact with other proteins and is involved in the initiation of shallow clathrin coated pits. Dap160 is a molecular scaffolding protein and functions in actin recruitment. Dynamin is a GTPase involved in vesicle budding, specifically modulating the severance of the vesicle from the neuronal membrane. Dynamin appears to be playing a larger role in neurite formation because its vesicle pinching role and the possibility of it recycling plasma membrane and growth factor receptor proteins.
Mutation in this gene have been associated with autosomal recessive, early-onset parkinsonism (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23804577).
Role in Development.
Synaptojanin, through its interactions with a variety of proteins and molecules is thought to play a role in the development of nervous systems. 
Ephrin.
Synaptojanin 1 has been found to be influenced by the protein ephrin. Ephrin is a chemorepulsant meaning that its interactions with proteins results in an inactivation or retraction of processes when referring to neuronal migration. Ephrin's receptor is called Eph and is a receptor tyrosine kinase. Upon activation of the Eph receptor, synaptojanin 1 becomes phosphorylated at the proline rich domain and is inhibited from binding with any of its natural binding partners. Therefore, the presence of ephrin inactivates vesicle endocytosis. 
Calcium.
The influx of calcium in the neuron has been shown to activate a variety of molecules including some calcium dependent phosphatases that activate synaptojanin.
Membranes.
Neuronal migration during development involves the extension of a neurite along the extracellular matrix. This extension is guided by the growth cone. However the actual extension of the neurite involves the insertion of membrane lipids immediately behind the growth one. In fact, membranes can be trafficked from degenerating extensions to elongating ones. Synaptojanin has been proposed as the mechanism by which membrane lipids can be trafficked around the developing neuron.
Receptors.
During development, receptors are trafficked around the growth cone. This trafficking involves vesicle endocytosis. In the presence of nerve growth factor (NGF), TrkA receptors are trafficked to the stimulated side of the growth cone. Additionally, calcium and glutamate stimulate the trafficking of AMPA receptors to the stimulated side of the growth cone. Both of these receptors are trafficked via synaptojanin. 
Model organisms.
Model organisms have been used in the study of Synaptojanin function. A conditional knockout mouse line of synaptojanin 2, called "Synj2tm1a(EUCOMM)Wtsi" was generated as part of the International Knockout Mouse Consortium program — a high-throughput mutagenesis project to generate and distribute animal models of disease to interested scientists — at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute.
Male and female animals underwent a standardized phenotypic screen to determine the effects of deletion. Twenty two tests were carried out on mutant mice, but no significant abnormalities were observed.

</doc>
<doc id="9859551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859551" title="Matt Kelty">
Matt Kelty

Matt Kelty, is an Indiana politician, an architect and founder of Kelty Tappy Design. He was the 2007 Republican candidate for Mayor of Fort Wayne, Indiana and the 2002 candidate for the 81st District Indiana House of Representatives.
Public service.
He was selected by Congressman Dan Coats for the Congressional Student Program. He later served as the Regional Political Director for the Dan Coats for Indiana Campaign, went on to become the Joint Staff Regional Director for both Indiana U.S. Senators Richard Lugar and Dan Coats. Kelty was appointed Chairman of the Young Republicans (YR) for the 4th District of Indiana organizing YR chapters in eight counties in northeastern Indiana. In 1994 he worked for Senator Dick Lugar's successful re-election campaign, and later worked in the grass roots organizing campaign in Iowa during Lugar's unsuccessful presidential bid in 1995.
In 2003, hours into the U.S. invasion of Iraq, Matt Kelty, with the assistance of Cathy Hawks and others, organized the massive "Rally for America" held in Auburn, Indiana, and headlined by conservative TV and Radio personality Glenn Beck. The Fort Wayne Rally for America was attended by over 20,000 people from Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan and was simulcast (via website) around the world.
The next year Kelty again spearheaded and organized an event to support U.S. soldiers in the Middle East. Kelty executed "Operation Recreation" in Fort Wayne, mobilizing hundreds of volunteers to collect over eleven tons of recreational equipment to send to the troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. Kelty also raised over $10,000 in donations to pay for the packing and shipping.
Kelty serves on the boards of the Fort Wayne Chapter of the American Red Cross, the Fort Wayne Drug & Alcohol Consortium, the Fort Wayne Ballet Capital Fundraising Committee, and the Allen County Right to Life Board of Advisors.
2002 State Representative campaign.
Kelty was the Republican nominee for the 81st District Indiana House of Representatives seat held by incumbent Win Moses in 2002. Kelty very nearly pulled off an upset in this election. Winfield Moses won the election by only 63 votes (verified by a recount).
2007 mayoral campaign.
Kelty upset Allen County Commissioner Nelson Peters in the May 8, 2007, Republican primary election, setting a matchup against Democrat Tom Henry in the general election.
Kelty took 50.3% of the vote compared with 46.7% for Allen County Commissioner, F. Nelson Peters IV, in the primary, defeating Peters by 658 votes.
On November 6, 2007, Matt Kelty lost in the general elections to Democratic candidate Tom Henry. Matt Kelty conceded his loss with his family in the early evening at Allen County Republican Party headquarters. The final results showed Tom Henry with 60% of the vote, compared to Kelty's 40%.
Legal issues.
On August 14, 2007, Kelty was indicted on 9 charges relating to his campaign. Five of the nine charges are felonies for filing fraudulent campaign reports, two of the felony charges are for perjury, and the 2 misedemeanor charges are for co-mingling of funds.
Kelty's lawyers filed a motion to dismiss all charges on October 22, 2007.
On February 8, 2008, Kelty's motion to dismiss all charges was denied.
Kelty was scheduled to stand trial on October 20, 2008 in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Prosecutor Dan Sigler stated it does not appear Kelty has any plans of pleading out. Judge Scheibenberger said he would accept a plea bargain no later than October 19. Kelty's lawyers were granted a one day continuance on October 20, 2008 in order to look into new evidence obtained over the weekend. Due to this Kelty's trial was pushed back to October 21, 2008.
Conviction.
On October 20, 2008, Kelty pleaded guilty to three of the nine counts against him. Due to his plea, Kelty will avoid jail time in which he was facing upwards to 20 years in prison. Pursuant to the plea bargain Kelty will pay a $250 fine for each conviction (total of $750) and serve 80 hours of community service. Kelty will also serve one years probation.
Two of the three counts Kelty pleaded guilty to were related to campaign finance laws. He also pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of false informing, admitting to providing false testimony to the grand jury. The other charges, including perjury, were dropped. Kelty will be allowed to keep his architecture license despite the felonies, but they will prevent Kelty from being eligible to run for public office again at the state or local level. He may petition the court to have the felonies reduced to misdemeanor.
Personal life.
In 2010 Matt Kelty filed for bankruptcy citing debts in excess of $450,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9859572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859572" title="One Night Only (song)">
One Night Only (song)

"One Night Only" is a song from the 1981 Broadway musical "Dreamgirls", with lyrics by Tom Eyen and music by Henry Krieger. In the context of the musical, "One Night Only" is performed twice in succession, as differing versions of the song — a soul ballad by the character Effie White and a disco version by her former bandmates Deena Jones & the Dreams — compete on the radio and the pop charts.
Song information.
Both versions of "One Night Only" appear as one track on the original 1982 "Dreamgirls" Broadway cast album, performed by Jennifer Holliday as Effie and Sheryl Lee Ralph, Loretta Devine, and Deborah Burrell as Deena Jones & the Dreams. "One Night Only" was later covered on album by Elaine Paige and Sylvester. Actor Hugh Jackman performed the song while hosting the 2004 Tony Awards ceremony, in a large production number featuring girl groups from the musicals "Caroline, or Change", "Hairspray", and "Little Shop of Horrors".
Film versions.
In 2006, "Dreamgirls" was adapted by writer and director Bill Condon into a motion picture for DreamWorks SKG and Paramount. For this version, the two versions of "One Night Only" were performed by Jennifer Hudson as Effie and Beyoncé Knowles, Anika Noni Rose, and Sharon Leal as Deena Jones and the Dreams. R&B production team The Underdogs served as the producers of "One Night Only" and the other songs from the film's score. A club remix of the latter version, produced by Eric Kupper and Richie Jones, was issued by Music World Entertainment and Columbia Records as a single from the on August 15, 2006, four months before the release of the film. American rapper Lil Wayne later sampled Hudson's version for his song of the same name
Charts.
The version of "One Night Only" performed by Deena Jones & the Dreams entered the UK Singles Chart at number 67 on September 6, 2009 due to strong digital download sales. An audition performance by 21-year-old Rozell Phillips on the reality TV show "The X Factor" renewed interest in the song, three years after it was initially released.

</doc>
<doc id="9859577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859577" title="Thomas B. Fordham Institute">
Thomas B. Fordham Institute

The Thomas B. Fordham Institute is an ideologically conservative American nonprofit education policy think tank with offices in Washington, D.C., Columbus,Ohio, and Dayton, Ohio.
The Fordham Institute is not connected with Fordham University.
History.
The Institute's namesake was a businessman and civic leader in Dayton, Ohio. His widow, Thelma Fordham Pruett, established the Thomas B. Fordham Foundation in 1959 to support a wide range of causes in the Dayton area. In 1997, following the death of Mrs. Pruett, the Foundation was relaunched—with a narrowed focus on education. The Thomas B. Fordham Institute joined the Thomas B. Fordham Foundation in 2007. In 2013, the Associated Press described the organization as "conservative-leaning".
Fordham-National.
The headquarters of the think-tank operations are located in Washington, D.C. Led by Chester E. Finn, Jr. and Michael J. Petrilli, Fordham publishes and supports research on K-12 education across the nation. Additionally, Fordham staff and board members remain involved in organizations that support and develop quality schools.
Fordham-Ohio.
Fordham-Ohio publishes research and does policy work in the Columbus office and serves as a community school sponsor in its Dayton office. The Thomas B. Fordham Foundation was approved in 2004 by the Ohio Department of Education—making it the first nonprofit organization in the Buckeye State to acquire such a responsibility. Fordham continues to sponsor charter schools even though the recent data shows that many Ohio charter schools are failing.
Positions.
Standards and accountability
The Thomas B. Fordham Institute presses for the full suite of standards-based reforms across the academic curriculum and throughout the K–12 system, including (but not limited to) careful implementation of the Common Core standards (CCSS) for English language arts (ELA) and mathematics as well as rigorous, aligned state assessments and forceful accountability mechanisms at every level.
A Reform Driven System
The Thomas B. Fordham Institute seeks to deepen and strengthen the K–12 system’s capacity to deliver quality education to every child, based on rigorous standards and ample choices, by ensuring that it possesses the requisite talent, technology, policies, practices, structures, and nimble governance arrangements to promote efficiency as well as effectiveness.
Publications.
Newsletters
"Education Gadfly"
The Education Gadfly Weekly is a weekly newsletter featuring commentary, opinion and analysis, reviews of publications, research, and reports. "Ohio Education Gadfly" Weekly newsletter specific to Ohio.
Blogs
Flypaper, Ohio Gadfly Daily, Common Core Watch, and Choice Words
In 2012 Flypaper won the Education Writers Association prize for “Best Blog.”
Podcasts
"Education Gadfly Show"
Each week, co-hosts offer ninety-second debates on three recent education issues, followed by a minute-long segment on recent research news.
Board of Trustees.
Current 
Emeritus 
Awards.
Between 2003 and 2007, the Institute gave two prizes for excellence in education. The first, for distinguished scholarship, recognized individuals whose research had furthered the cause of education reform. The second, for valor, recognized leaders whose actions had had a noticeable impact on public education. Winners of the scholarship award include Paul E. Peterson, Anthony Bryk, Eric Hanushek, Terry Moe, Caroline Hoxby, Paul T. Hill, Stephan Thernstrom, and Abigail Thernstrom. Winners of the valor award include E.D. Hirsch, Jr., Howard Fuller, Marion Joseph, Michael Feinberg, David Levin, and Kati Haycock.

</doc>
<doc id="9859584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859584" title="Consumer IR">
Consumer IR

Consumer IR, consumer infrared, or CIR, refers to a wide variety of devices employing the infrared electromagnetic spectrum for wireless communications. Most commonly found in television remote controls, infrared ports are equally ubiquitous in consumer electronics, such as PDAs, laptops, and computers. The functionality of CIR is as broad as the consumer electronics that carry it. For instance, a television remote control can convey a "channel up" command to the television, while a computer might be able to surf the internet solely via CIR. The type, speed, bandwidth, and power of the transmitted information depends on the particular CIR protocol employed.
Protocol description.
Since the Consumer IR protocols are for the most part not standardized, computers and universal remotes often memorize a bit stream, possibly with compression and possibly without determining the actual bit rate, and play it back. Similarities between remotes are often largely the accidental result of the finite selection of infrared encoder/decoder chips (though now microcontrollers are also used) and IR receiver modules or imitation of the older chips rather than by design. Manufacturers of consumer appliances often reuse the same protocol on many similar devices, though for each manufacturer and device type there are usually multiple protocols in use. The code listings inform about for any universal remote.
CIR and protocol implementation.
With the ready availability of inexpensive microcontroller chips, many remotes may be based on such chips today rather than dedicated remote control encoder chips. This makes it easier to keep the same codes when moving the buttons on the remote.
Also, the decoder functionality will often be integrated into a more complicated micro-controller that controls the A/V device, eliminating the need for the separate chip. In the absence of a viable standard, the microcontrollers can be used to emulate the ambiguous protocols used by the old dedicated encoder/decoder chips and it appears that this is often the case. There are even stripped down 4 bit mask programmable microcontrollers designed only for remote control use (such as NEC's µPD612xA (discontinued), µPD613x, µPD1724x, µPD6x, and µPD17932x (8-bit) families). These offer keyboard wake, low power standby modes, and sample controller code though similar features are present on more general PIC microcontrollers or Atmel AVRs.
CIR influences in other devices.
Some infrared wireless PC keyboards and mice use protocols similar to Consumer IR devices. Some PC remote controls used for controlling computer media players, controlling presentation software, or other applications also use Consumer IR style protocols. Some computer remotes, keyboards, and mice may also use IrDA protocol though IrDA was designed for very short range use.
Standards.
Sony manufactured a number of consumer devices of different types that share a common proprietary protocol, called S-link. A jack on each device allowed the remote control signals to be interconnected between devices. The protocol included the useful but unusual feature of supporting more than one of the same type of device (such as multiple CD changers). Some A/V components could generate informational status codes that could be used to do things like automatically stop your tape deck when the CD you were recording stopped playing. Software running on a PC with a suitable interface could also control the A/V components and monitor their activity; for example, your computer could tell what disk and track were playing in your CD changer and look up the titles in one of the internet CD databases. Sony charges 5000 USD for access to the S-Link documentation.
Sony use the SIRC protocol for remote controls. SIRC is developed in three different versions: 12 bit, 15 bit and 20 bit. After 12 bits have been received, the receiver is waiting if there're coming more falling edges to know if the SIRC protocol is 15 bit or 20 bit coded.
The RC-5 and RECS-80 codes developed by Philips have been casually referred to as international standards. However, the RECS-80 protocol was prone to interference and was quickly replaced by the RC-5 protocol. Although it appears that they were proprietary protocols developed by Philips, they were also adopted by various other manufacturers, specifically European- and US-based ones. This allowed interoperability between the remote handsets and equipment of various brands. The RC-5 code was, and still is, used by many US- and European-based manufacturers of specialty audio/video equipment. Unfortunately, documentation of the standard commands were not widely distributed. Therefore, there are some brands of equipment that use non-standard commands, causing interference with other equipment also using the RC-5 protocol.
The RC-5 command set was defined in the late 1980s and expanded to increase the number of commands in the early 1990s (sometimes called RC-5x). However, the rapidly expanding requirements for newer categories of electronics products since that time (e.g., DVD players, cable boxes, DVR's, et cetera) has led Philips to replace the RC-5 protocol with the newer RC-6 protocol that has both an expanded set of devices (256 versus 32) and commands per device (256 versus 64 in RC-5 and 128 in RC-5x). Again, information on the RC-6 protocol is not readily available from Philips.
In contrast, the major Japanese consumer electronics manufacturers almost universally adopted a protocol that was developed and administered by NEC. In the NEC protocol, each manufacturer is assigned a unique code that is contained in the transmitted command, avoiding the possibility of false triggering by other remote handsets.
RECS-80 uses pulse position modulation and RC-5 uses bi-phase. Early dedicated-purpose chips were offered by Philips Semiconductors to allow for the easy use of RECS-80 and RC-5 protocols. The SAA3004, SAA3007, and SAA3008 encoder chips used RECS-80, and the SAA3006 and SAA3010 encoder chips used RC-5. The SAA3049A decoder chip decoded either type. (Note that the Philips Semiconductors division is now NXP). All of these chips have been discontinued. However, these transmission protocols are easily created and/or decoded with general-purpose 8-bit microcontrollers, such as those offered by Microchip Technology and Atmel.
Transmission of the IR commands requires only a microcontroller and an infrared LED, available from a wide variety of sources. Reception of the modulated commands for RC-5, RC-6, and the NEC protocols is easily accomplished with specialized IR receivers, most readily available from Sharp Corporation and Vishay Intertechnology. These receivers include a photo-diode, an automatic gain control (AGC) circuit, and a demodulator. The demodulated signal is then decoded with a microcontroller.
CEA-931-B defines a method for encapsulating remote control codes over IP and CEA-931-A defines a method for encapsulating remote control codes over IEEE-1394 [http://www.ce.org/print/Press/CurrentNews/press_release_detail.asp?id=10321]. These documents are not free even though free standards are the norm for Internet Protocols and contributed significantly to their widespread adoption.
Protocol limitations.
The lack of standardization creates many problems for consumers: the need to purchase universal remotes because the original cannot control related functions on interconnected devices and to upgrade them when buying a new device, universal remotes that do not adequately control the devices, inability to control more than one of the same type unit, the inability in most consumer setups to stop tape recording when CD ends, the inability of VCRs to control cable channels, and others. This in addition to having 5+ different remotes on the coffee table.

</doc>
<doc id="9859586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859586" title="Say, Darling">
Say, Darling

Say, Darling is a three-act comic play by Abe Burrows and Marian and Richard Bissell about the creation of a Broadway musical. Although the play featured nine original songs with lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green and music by Jule Styne, all of the songs were presented as either rehearsal or audition material and not as the thoughts or feelings of the characters. 
Background.
The original 1957 Broadway production featured only two pianos, but RCA Victor released a fully orchestrated original cast recording of the score, leading many to conclude that "Say, Darling" was actually a musical.
In a case of art imitating life not once, but twice, the show is an adaptation of Richard Bissell's semi-autobiographical novel of the same name which chronicled his experience adapting his novel "7½ Cents" for "The Pajama Game", making it in essence a play of a book about a musical adaptation of a book.
It focuses on Jack Jordan, who is brought to Broadway to help develop his best-seller into a musical for leading lady Irene Lovelle. His journey provides him - and the audience - with an education about what goes on behind-the scenes on the Great White Way, from auditions to rehearsals to rewrites in hotel rooms to feuds among cast members, all under the watchful eye of veteran stage producer/director Richard Hackett (loosely based on George Abbott) and a very young fledgling co-producer, Ted Snow, whose financial acumen greatly outweighs his show business savvy. Because of their similar physical appearance, actor Robert Morse (who played Snow) was widely thought to be imitating producer Harold Prince, who had co-produced "The Pajama Game".
Productions.
The Broadway production, directed by Burrows and choreographed by Matt Mattox, opened on April 3, 1958 at the ANTA Playhouse, transferring to the Martin Beck Theatre for the last five weeks of its 332-performance run. In addition to David Wayne as Jack Jordan, Vivian Blaine as Irene Lovelle, and Robert Morse as Ted Snow, the cast included Johnny Desmond (Rudy Lorraine), Jerome Cowan (Richard Hackett), Horace McMahon (Schatzie Harris), and Constance Ford (Frankie Jordan). Eddie Albert replaced Wayne later in the run. Appearing in small roles as chorus performers were Elliott Gould and Virginia Martin.
Morse was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play and won the Theatre World Award for his performance.
The play was revived Off-Broadway at the West End Theatre in New York City for 16 performances in May through June 1996 under the direction of Robert Armin. 
An original cast recording was released by RCA Victor with orchestrations and musical direction by Sid Ramin. The 2008 CD release on DRG Records was re-edited from the first-generation master recording and interpolated five dialogue lead-ins that were not included on the 1958 LP release. The "long-lost" Robert Morse dialogue was not included.

</doc>
<doc id="9859590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859590" title="Karl Wolf">
Karl Wolf

Carl Abou Samah (; born April 18, 1979) better known by his stage name Karl Wolf is a Lebanese-born Canadian musician based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He has been a singer, songwriter and producer since 2001, releasing his first solo album "Face Behind the Face" on MapleNationwide/Universal in January 2006, followed by a second album "Bite the Bullet" in November 2007. His third album "Nightlife" was released on November 17, 2009. After 9 years with EMI Music, in March 2010 he signed a new recording contract in the United States with Universal Republic followed by a worldwide deal with Universal Music Canada in 2011. EMI Japan and EMI Middle East who still had exclusive license to Karl Wolf's upcoming album released "Finally Free", his fourth album on July 10, 2012. Through his company, Lone Wolf Management, Karl Wolf also manages a number of new artists.
Early years.
Wolf was born as Carl Abou Samah in Beirut, Lebanon. He moved on with his family to Dubai, UAE when he was three-years-old due to the civil war in Lebanon. He studied in UAE's International School of Choueifat. In an interview with "Shave" Magazine, Karl explained that in Arabic, his family name (Abou Samah) means 'father of forgiveness'. His stage name 'wolf' comes from a nickname he received on his high school basketball team because he was the smallest and quickest in his team. He also says his mother and father drove him to a career in music. Wolf's mother was a piano teacher and his father played guitar, drums and the traditional Middle Eastern oud.
At 17, Wolf immigrated to Canada in 1995, residing in Montreal, Quebec. He began his career "behind the scenes," and has been writing co-producing since 2001. Initially he was a backup singer for some hits by the Quebec band Dubmatique. The 2001 hit album from Gabrielle Destroismaisons generated two singles co-written by him that reached #1 on the BDS Francophone Charts, and the record earned him a Félix Award at the L'ADISQ Awards for "Best Mix and Sound of the Year".
Wolf's work with Gabrielle brought him to the attention of Antoine Sicotte, of the top-selling Canadian pop band Sky, where he was recruited as a singer-songwriter becoming Sky's new lead singer in 2002. Wolf co-wrote and co-produced the third Sky album, "Picture Perfect" (on Sextant/EMI), with strong airplay across Canada. Sicotte and Wolf cooperated on the hugely successful "Star Académie" reality TV show in Quebec. The subsequent album was the biggest-selling album in Canada in 2003, notching a phenomenal sales in Canadian terms and earning Karl Wolf a SOCAN Award for Most Popular Song. A "Star Académie II" sequel in 2004 was another big success, the album going double-platinum.
Solo years (since 2005).
In 2005 Wolf ventured into a solo career. He released his debut solo album "Face Behind the Face"" in January 2006. Since its release, the album broke in the Canadian Top 100 sales chart and spawned three singles, "Butterflies". and "Desensitize",
Wolf followed with a second studio album "Bite the Bullet" in November 2007. The first single release from the album was "Africa", a remake of the worldwide hit Africa by Toto. The Karl Wolf remake features Canadian artist Culture. In early March 2009, with the release of the single on iTunes for digital downloads, it surged up from #32 to #2 on the issue of March 14, 2009 based on huge amounts of downloads over the previous week. It peaked at #1 on the iTunes charts and It also stayed at #2 for four further week on the chart of March 21 and 28 and April 4 and 11, 2009. Prior to iTunes download, it had topped at #20 in the same chart. This is so far Karl Wolf's most successful single to date. The song also topped the MuchMusic Top 30 Countdown charts and has also found success in Japan, peaking at #20 on the Japan Hot 100 chart. His follow up single this year titled "Carrera" climbed to peak at #39 on the Bilboard Canadian Hot 100.
"Nightlife", his third album was released on 17 November 2009.
Lone Wolf Management / LW Entertainment / LW Records.
In addition to his solo career, Wolf has established "LW Entertainment" and his own record label "LW Records" and recording studio (with LW standing for Lone Wolf). 
Karl Wolf has also produced for Quebec singers Mitsou, Emily, Jérôme-Philippe (aka Disoul) also becoming for a time, part of the latter's band Dubmatique.
Collaborations.
Karl Wolf has collaborated with a number of artists, mainly from Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="9859593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859593" title="Poetry in Motion (film)">
Poetry in Motion (film)

Poetry in Motion is a 1982 documentary directed by Ron Mann featuring contemporary North American poetry and music. Featured are some of the Black Mountain poets, Beats, minimalist poets, and avant-garde poets.

</doc>
<doc id="9859599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859599" title="Lymnaea stagnalis">
Lymnaea stagnalis

Lymnaea stagnalis, better known as the great pond snail, is a species of large air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is Holarctic. It is widely distributed, and is common in many countries and islands including:
Shell description.
For terms see gastropod shell
The height of an adult shell of this species ranges from 45–60 mm. The width of an adult shell ranges from 20-30 mm. (34) mm.
The 40-50 x 22-30 mm. (median) shell has 4.5-6 weakly convex whorls.The upper whorls are pointed, the last whorl is suddenly inflated, so that its diameter is more than a continuous increase of that of the upper whorls.The umbilicus is closed.Shells are brown in colour. 
Nervous system.
"Lymnaea stagnalis" is widely used for the study of learning, memory and neurobiology.
"Lymnaea stagnalis" has a relatively simple central nervous system (CNS) consisting of a total of ~20,000 neurons, many of them individually identifiable, organized in a ring of interconnected ganglia. Most neurons of the "Lymnaea stagnalis" central nervous system are large in size (diameter: up to ~100 μm), thus allowing electrophysiological dissection of neuronal networks that has yielded profound insights in the working mechanisms of neuronal networks controlling relatively simple behaviors such as feeding, respiration, locomotion, and reproduction. Studies using the central nervous system of "Lymnaea stagnalis" as a model organism have also identified novel cellular and molecular mechanisms in neuronal regeneration, synapse formation, synaptic plasticity, learning and memory formation, the neurobiology of development and aging, the modulatory role of neuropeptides, and adaptive responses to hypoxic stress.
Habitat.
This large snail lives only in freshwater: it prefers slowly running water, and standing water bodies.
Life cycle.
"Lymnaea stagnalis" is a simultaneously hermaphroditic species and can mate in the male and female role, but within one copulation only one sexual role is performed at a time. "Lymnaea stagnalis" perform more inseminations in larger groups and prefer to inseminate novel over familiar partners. Such higher motivation to copulate when a new partner is encountered is known as the Coolidge effect and has been demonstrated in hermaphrodites firstly in 2007.
Parasites.
"Lymnaea stagnalis" is an intermediate host for:
Other parasites of "Lymnaea stagnalis" include:
"Lymnaea stagnalis" has been experimentally infected with "Elaphostrongylus rangiferi".
References.
This article incorporates CC-BY-2.0 text from references and CC-BY-2.5 text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="9859609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859609" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Super G">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Super G

Women's Super G World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Women's Super G World Cup 1990/91 all results count.
Women's Super G Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9859617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859617" title="Carl Jockusch">
Carl Jockusch

Carl Groos Jockusch, Jr. (born July 13, 1941) is an American mathematician. Born in San Antonio, Texas, he is a professor emeritus at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. In 1972 Jockusch and Robert I. Soare proved the Low Basis Theorem, an important result in mathematical logic with applications to recursion theory and reverse mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="9859624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859624" title="Constance of Aragon">
Constance of Aragon

Constance of Aragon (1179 – 23 June 1222) was an Aragonese infanta who was by marriage firstly Queen consort of Hungary, and secondly Queen consort of Germany and Sicily and Holy Roman Empress. She was regent of Sicily from 1212–1220.
She was the second child and eldest daughter of the nine children of Alfonso II of Aragon and Sancha of Castile.
Queen of Hungary.
Her father died in 1196 and Constance's fate was decided by the new King, her brother Peter II. Peter arranged her marriage with King Emeric of Hungary, and the nineteen-year-old Constance left Aragon for Hungary. The wedding took place in 1198. The next year (1199), the Queen gave birth to a son, called Ladislaus.
When King Emeric was dying, he crowned his son Ladislaus co-ruler on 26 August 1204. The King wanted to secure his succession and had his brother Andrew promise to protect the child and help him govern the Kingdom of Hungary until reaching adulthood. Emeric died three months later, on 30 November.
Ladislaus succeeded him as King while Andrew became his Regent. Andrew soon took over all regal authority while Ladislaus and Constance were little more than his prisoners. Constance managed to escape to Vienna with Ladislaus.
The two found refuge in the court of Leopold VI, Duke of Austria, but Ladislaus would soon die (7 May 1205). The former Regent and now King Andrew II of Hungary took the body of his nephew and buried him in the Royal Crypt of Székesfehérvár. Duke Leopold sent Constance back to Aragon.
Holy Roman Empress.
When Constance returned to Aragon, she took up residence with her mother, Queen Sancha, in the Abbey of Nuestra Senora, at Sijena; Sancha had founded the abbey after her husband's death, and now lived there in retirement. Constance spent the next five years in the abbey with her mother, until her fate, again, was changed by her brother.
Pedro II wanted to be on good terms with Pope Innocent III, since he wanted an annulment of his marriage with Maria of Montpellier, and needed the blessing of the Pope. The Pope solicited the hand of the Dowager Queen of Hungary for his pupil, the young King Frederick I of Sicily. The Aragonese King accepted the proposal; Constance left her mother and the abbey of Nuestra Senora and began her trip to Sicily (1208). She never returned to Aragon or saw her mother again. Sancha died shortly after the departure of her daughter.
Constance and Frederick were married in the Sicilian city of Messina on 15 August 1209. In the ceremony, she was crowned Queen of Sicily. By this time, Constance was thirty years old and her new husband only fourteen. Two years later, in 1211, Constance gave birth a son, called Henry, who later had a tragic end.
On 9 December 1212, Frederick was crowned King of Germany in opposition to Otto IV, Holy Roman Emperor. During the absence of her husband, Constance stayed in Sicily as regent of the Kingdom until 1220.
At first Frederick controlled Southern Germany but Otto IV was effectively deposed on 5 July 1215. This time Constance was crowned German Queen with her husband.
Pope Honorius III crowned Frederick Holy Roman Emperor on 22 November 1220. Constance was crowned Holy Roman Empress while their son Henry became the new King of Germany. She died of malaria less than two years later in Catania and was buried in the Cathedral of Palermo, in a Roman sarcophagus with a beautiful oriental tiara.

</doc>
<doc id="9859631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859631" title="Buchanan Brothers">
Buchanan Brothers

The Buchanan Brothers were two brothers, Chester and Lester Buchanan, who recorded country music during the 1940s on the RCA Victor label. They had a top ten hit, "Atomic Power", released in August 1946; this song was also featured in the 1982 movie "The Atomic Café". Another song, 1947's "(When You See) Those Flying Saucers", was used in the opening scene of the 2009 animated release "Monsters vs. Aliens".
Their releases were under two different artist names: "The Buchanan Brothers (Chester and Lester) Singing with Orchestra" and "Buchanan Brothers and the Georgia Catamounts."
They are not to be confused with the pop-rock trio by that name from the late 1960s, which included Terry Cashman, Gene Pistilli, and Tommy West.
References.
All of the above information comes from the RCA Victor ledger/studio sheets, which are currently housed at the BMG Music Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="9859641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859641" title="Landessternwarte Heidelberg-Königstuhl">
Landessternwarte Heidelberg-Königstuhl

The Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory () is an historic astronomical observatory located near the summit of the Königstuhl hill in the city of Heidelberg in Germany. The predecessor of the current observatory was originally opened in 1774 in the nearby city of Mannheim but degradation of observational conditions there resulted in a relocation to the Königstuhl in 1898.
The observatory forms part of the Center of Astronomy of the University of Heidelberg. The Max Planck Institute for Astronomy opened on an adjacent site in 1967.
The current director (since 2006) is Andreas Quirrenbach.
History.
The instrumentation of the observatory originated from the Mannheim Observatory, founded in 1774. In 1880 the observatory was provisionally moved to Karlsruhe because the astronomical/atmospherical seeing conditions worsened. In subsequent years, three other locations were considered, with Heidelberg-Königstuhl finally being chosen.
On 20 June 1898 the "Großherzogliche Bergsternwarte" was ceremonially inaugurated by Frederick I, Grand Duke of Baden. The astronomical institute comprised two complementary departments, the astrophysical, led by Max Wolf, and the astrometrical led by Karl Wilhelm Valentiner. Valentiner was director of the Mannheim observatory and initiated the move to Karlsruhe. After Valentiner's retirement in 1909, both departments were placed under the administration of Max Wolf.
While the new observatory complex was still under construction Max Wolf obtained a grant of $10,000 from the American philanthropist Catherine Wolfe Bruce for the acquisition of a powerful new dual refractor telescope, the "Bruce double astrograph". For many years this telescope was the observatory's main research instrument. He later obtained a grant to build the observatory's a reflector telescope, the observatory's first.
The main field of activity of the observatory was the investigation of nebulae and the search for asteroids. Wolf, his staff and his successors discovered over 800 asteroids, including the first trojan asteroid Achilles in 1906.
The observatory ceased to be run by the German federal government in 2005 when it was joined with the Institute of Theoretical Astrophysics and Astronomical Calculation Institute to make up the Center of Astronomy of the University of Heidelberg.
Between 1912 and 1957 Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth discovered almost 400 asteroids from the Landessternwarte Heidelberg-Königstuhl.

</doc>
<doc id="9859642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859642" title="Linus Pettersson">
Linus Pettersson

Linus Pettersson (born May 13, 1987) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Sandvikens AIK as a defender. Linus was a member of the Sweden U19 squad in the 2005/06 season and played in the 2006 U19 World Championships.
Linus has played for different clubs.
His list of clubs are as follows-

</doc>
<doc id="9859648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859648" title="UdderBELLY">
UdderBELLY

The Udderbelly is an upside-down giant purple cow tent owned by the event venue and management company "Underbelly", originally sponsored by E4 as the "E4 udderBELLY".
The Udderbelly can be used for a variety of different purposes as it can be adapted to contain a stage and all-seater 405 seat venue, or alternatively can be completely empty inside. The exterior skin can either be the upside-down purple cow, or alternatively a white, silver, or purple tent. The structure of the tent is based around an aluminum truss frame that is designed to be strong enough to carry several tonnes of weight in lighting and sound equipment.
It was first unveiled for the 2006 Edinburgh Festival Fringe and was situated in Bristo Square (which itself was converted into a large outdoor pub known as "The Pasture"). It also appeared in Brighton's Old Steine for the 2007 and 2008 Brighton Festival Fringe. It has since been a permanent event in the Edinburgh Fringe.
On its return to the Brighton Fringe in 2008 it brought with it a smaller adjoining venue known as the Udder Place.
The tent proved to be very popular at both festivals, being named the "best new venue" by "The Sunday Times".

</doc>
<doc id="9859652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859652" title="Barrymore (play)">
Barrymore (play)

Barrymore is a two-person play by William Luce which depicts John Barrymore a few months before his death in 1942 as he is rehearsing a revival of his 1920 Broadway triumph as Richard III.
Barrymore's attempted revival of his Richard III never actually took place and was a device that was invented for the play, but it served as a dramatic framework for the actor to reminisce about various episodes in his life and about his career downslide due to alcoholism. 
Though classified as a one-person play, "Barrymore" actually makes frequent use of a second character, Frank the stage manager, who interacts with Barrymore over the theatre loudspeaker.
The play was originally produced at the Stratford Festival of Canada in 1996. The play was produced on Broadway at the Music Box Theatre, running from March 25, 1997 to November 2, 1997. Directed by Gene Saks, Christopher Plummer played Barrymore, and won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play.
Ben Brantley, in his review for "The New York Times", wrote "Mr. Luce's script has a lurching quality that isn't just a matter of its subject's alcoholic disjunctiveness. And even for a work about a man whose life was a long-running performance, the play is overstuffed with one-liners...impersonations (of everyone from W. C. Fields to John's regal siblings, Ethel and Lionel, marvelously rendered) and the sort of stories that show up in books with titles like "Amusing Theatrical Anecdotes." Yet Mr. Plummer and Mr. Saks have turned this fragmented material into something as fluid, stinging and warming as the cocktail (a Manhattan?) Barrymore mixes for himself onstage. And the evening (starting with the frayed lushness in autumnal colors of Santo Loquasto's backstage set) takes on an affecting shimmer of twilight, even as Mr. Plummer's Barrymore delights you with his own delight in his silly, ribald jokes."

</doc>
<doc id="9859656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859656" title="Irish Children's Fund">
Irish Children's Fund

The Irish Children's Fund (ICF), which began in 1982, has served over 3,500 Protestant and Catholic boys and girls from Belfast, who experienced the violence of Northern Ireland's Catholic-Protestant divide. Children stay with American families in the Greater Chicago Area, Northwest Indiana and Indianapolis, arriving at the end of June and departing at the end of July every year. The ICF has an ongoing program in Belfast which brings the Protestant and Catholic children together weekly. Irish Children's Fund
A Short History.
ICF was founded in 1982 by Robert N. O'Connor, a native of Dublin, and current resident of Hudson, Ohio. 164 children participated that first summer. Over the past twenty-five years, the ICF has hosted over 3,000 children from Belfast and Derry. The ICF only brings children from Belfast at the present time. The children, 11 years of age, spend one month in the greater Chicago area, Northwest Indiana, and Indianapolis with volunteer hosting families. The mix of children is 50% Catholic and 50% Protestant. Each year, up to 100 children participate in the summer program. The ICF is dedicated to salvaging some of the joys of childhood for the children and building a foundation for future peace in the region.
Volunteers, whose primary responsibility involves the coordination of the hosting families, fund raising activities, and the summer mixing events for all, administer the USA program. There are two part-time employees that staff the ICF office. The primary source of funding involves grassroots fundraising activities sponsored by the host families. Creative Irish Gifts [http://www.shopirish.com/], a mail order catalog, is a committed supporter of the ICF. Funds generated by the catalog help finance the ICF and the Children's Project Northern Ireland (CPNI) programs and projects. The Children's Project Northern Ireland (CPNI) is a subsidiary organization in Northern Ireland. Gary Rocks, the director, and his staff provide weeknight get-togethers for the children at a leisure center. CPNI operates mini-buses to collect and deliver the children to the activities.
The ICF also operates and maintains a reconciliation center in Ballycastle, County Antrim. Small groups of children are brought together for weekend gatherings during the school year and spend one week at the center each summer. Each child participating over a three-year period returns to America in our Teen Program and most often stay with his/her original host family.
A 1995 independent study by the Department of Psychology of The Queen's University of Belfast shows the positive impact of the ICF program on participants as compared to a control group. It shows that ICF attendees have less religious prejudice, a better self-image, and are more confident and successful in their work careers and personal lives.
In 2011 the last group of teens went to the USA
Northern Ireland Program.
Children's Project Northern Ireland (CPNI) is a non-political and non-denominational group first established back in 1983 to promote cross-community contact between Protestant and Catholic young people drawn from the most segregated sections of North Belfast and West Belfast. CPNI provides a three-year program of weekly activities and workshops. This program is available for 11-15 year olds and is designed to establish understanding and long term relationships between both communities.
In addition, weekend residentials and a summer camp are held at Fellowship House in Ballycastle, Northern Ireland, where continued discussions and workshops take place to promote tolerance and understanding of all others.
Teen Program.
The Irish Children's Fund has a continuing program that allows for certain 14 and 15 year old teens to return to the U.S. for an additional summer program. The program allows for the teens to participate in community service projects or a volunteer work experience, 24 to 28 hours in total. All teens attend events to mentor the younger children and participate in field trips that may be scheduled for all the teens.
Selection will be based on the teen's attendance plus their involvement (attitude and behavior) in Northern Ireland and will be screened by staff in Northern Ireland. Upon completion of the Teen Program, each teen will be awarded a Certificate of Achievement at a special presentation in Belfast for them and their parents. Upon completion of the three-year program, monthly activities for teens 15 to 18 years of age are provided by CPNI on a "drop-in" basis in order to maintain the close relationships they have developed over the years.
Mission.
"Promote peace in Northern Ireland by building cross community trust, tolerance, and friendship between Catholic and Protestant children and young people, through annual summer programs held in the USA."

</doc>
<doc id="9859672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859672" title="List of flags of Gibraltar">
List of flags of Gibraltar

This is a list of flags used exclusively by the British territory of Gibraltar. For other flags used in Gibraltar see List of flags of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9859686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859686" title="Don Carter (bowler)">
Don Carter (bowler)

Donald James Carter (July 29, 1926 – January 5, 2012) was a right-handed American professional bowler. Born in St. Louis, Missouri, he learned the game while working a childhood job as a pinsetter. Carter went on to become one of the legends of ten-pin bowling and a founding member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA) in 1958. He was six-time bowler of the year, a ten-time All-American, and became known simply as "Mr. Bowling." He was voted the Greatest Bowler of All-Time in a 1970 "Bowling Magazine" poll, and ranked #1 among 20th Century bowlers by "Bowlers Journal" in 1999. At the vanguard of celebrity endorsement, he capitalized on his fame during televised bowling's most popular period to become the first athlete of any kind to earn $1,000,000 in a single endorsement deal, for Ebonite International.
Bowling career.
Prior to the PBA being formed, Carter was known as a dominant bowler in major tournaments of the 1950s, as well as in team play. In the BPAA All-Star tournaments (predecessor to the U.S. Open) between 1952 and 1960, Carter won four times and never finished lower than fourth. He won five World Invitational events in a six-year span, finishing second the only year he did not win. He also won one ABC Masters title.
As a team bowler, Carter helped the Pfeiffer Beer team of Detroit, Michigan, win the 1953 ABC Open Championships before he moved back to St. Louis. Carter was then part of the "Budweisers" Bowling Team that won the National Team Match Games title four straight years (1956–59). In 1958, this team established an ABC league series record for a five-man team (3,858 pins) that stood for more than 35 years. Ray Bluth, Dick Weber, Tom Hennessey and Pat Patterson were also on that 1958 team. 
Unlike most bowlers, who keep their arm straight on the backswing as they are about to release the ball, Carter kept his elbow bent, never straightening his arm.
Although the PBA was not formed until Carter was 32 years old, he still won seven PBA titles (five of them majors) including the inaugural PBA National Championship in . He won four titles and $49,000 in prize money in 1962 alone. That year, he also made 18 top-five finishes (still a PBA record), including seven straight top-five finishes (a feat matched only by Dick Weber since), and he was named the Bowling Writers Association of America's Bowler of the Year. 
In 1964, he signed a $1,000,000 deal to endorse Ebonite International bowling products, at the time the highest single deal of its kind.
He was the PBA's first president, and served four years overall in that capacity. A bad knee forced him to retire from competitive bowling in 1972.
Personal.
Carter enlisted in the United States Navy in 1944, and spent two years as a radarman in the South Pacific. He was a baseball player in high school and was signed to a minor-league contract by the Philadelphia Athletics in the fall of 1946. After one season in a Class D league, he hung up his baseball spikes and returned to St. Louis to take a job at Golden Eagle Lanes. Working as an alley man, bartender and janitor, he bowled as often as he could during his time off.
In 1951 he was invited to bowl for the Pfeiffer Beer team in Detroit, where his bowling career reached high momentum.
Carter married female bowler LaVerne Haverly (née Thompson) in 1953. The two divorced in 1964. His second marriage, to Pat Hardwick in 1966, ended in a 1972 divorce. In 1973 Carter married professional bowler Paula Sperber, who had won the 1971 U.S. Women's Open and had an outstanding pro bowling career. Carter's first and third wives are in the WIBC (now USBC) Hall of Fame. The PBA recently held a mixed doubles tournament called the "Don and Paula Carter Mixed Doubles Championship".
Beginning in 1978, Don appeared in selected TV commercials for Miller Lite beer, which had begun using athletes and celebrities in its ad campaigns a few years prior.
Carter died on January 5, 2012, from complications of both emphysema and pneumonia. He was 85. His first wife LaVerne would die only two months later.
Milestones and recognition.
Carter was known for a number of bowling "firsts":

</doc>
<doc id="9859687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859687" title="Believe (Crematory album)">
Believe (Crematory album)

Believe is the seventh studio album by the German band Crematory, distributed through Nuclear Blast, and the last full length album before their 3-year hiatus. This is the first album to include clean vocals by Matthias Hechler.

</doc>
<doc id="9859702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859702" title="100plus">
100plus

100Plus (sometimes spelled "100PLUS" or "100 plus", often pronounced as "Hundred Plus") is a brand of carbonated isotonic sports drink that is sold in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, South Africa, Brunei, Canada and the Philippines. 100Plus is manufactured by Fraser & Neave Limited, a global food and beverage conglomerate headquartered in Singapore. In 2011, a non-carbonated version called 100Plus Edge was introduced in addition to the four existing variations; Original, Tangy Tangerine, Lemon Lime and Active. 
100Plus is sometimes found available for purchase in other parts of the world, such as Australia (typically found in Asian-speciality stores and/or aisles of large chain supermarkets). It can also be bought in Asian supermarkets in the UK.
In Canada, 100Plus is sold at all T&T Supermarkets in the province of British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario. The authorised distributor for Canada is Palm Resources Inc.
100PLUS had been consistently voted the number one isotonic drink brand in Malaysia in various surveys since its introduction in 1983.
Marketing.
The drink's brand ambassador is Lee Chong Wei, an Olympic Silver Medalist in Badminton from Malaysia. Besides that, the drink is the only drink which is officially endorsed by the National Sports Council of Malaysia.
Fraser & Neave Holdings Bhd (F&N) has signed a strategic beverage distribution agreement with AirAsia in its bids to grow the 100PLUS brand further whereby the drink would be sold onboard flights of the airline.

</doc>
<doc id="9859706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859706" title="James Fleck">
James Fleck

James (Jim) Douglas Fleck, is a Canadian businessman, academic, and philanthropist.
Personal.
James (Jim) Douglas Fleck was born in Toronto, Canada on February 10, 1931 to Robert Douglas and Norma Marie Fleck.
He married Margaret Evelyn Fleck (née Humprhys) in 1953. They have four children—Robert, Ellen, David and Christopher—and five grandchildren.
In 1982, Margaret was ordained as a priest in the Anglican Church of Canada and has had an active career as a Minister and Certified Chaplain.
Education.
Fleck was educated at University of Toronto Schools. He earned a BA (Gold Medalist 1953) from the University of Western Ontario, where he received an entrance scholarship for best marks in Mathematics and Science. In 1964, he attended Harvard University as a Ford Foundation Fellow. At Harvard, he was awarded a doctorate of business administration in finance (DBA 1964) with a doctoral thesis on the investment policies of Canadian life insurance companies. In June 2002, he was awarded a degree of Doctor of Laws honoris causa by the University of Toronto and in September 2010, he was awarded the degree of Doctor of Sacred Letters honoris causa (DSL) by the University of Trinity College .
Career.
Business:
Chairman and CEO of Fleck Manufacturing Inc., a company he founded in 1954, manufacturer of wire and cable, power cords and wiring assemblies for the appliance, automotive and electronic industries with plants in Canada, Mexico and the U.S.A., until it was acquired by Noma Industries Limited in August 1994.
Chairman of ATI Technologies Inc until its acquisition by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. in 2006.
Chairman of Alias Research Inc., 3D computer graphics software company, until it was acquired by Silicon Graphics Inc. in June 1995.
Director and Executive Committee member of CUC Ltd., a large private cable TV company, until it was acquired by Shaw Cable in May 1995.
Director of Promis Systems Corporation Limited until it was acquired by PRI Automation in March, 2000. .Was a director of many other public and private companies including ). Certicom Inc., Rogers Multimedia Ltd., Zurich Insurance, Travellers Insurance, Channel 47 Inc., Colonial Homes Ltd.
Fleck was also active in the Young Presidents' Organization and was its International President in 1972-73.
He is currently Chairman of NGRAIN Corporation, Vancouver, a provider of 3D simulation solutions for maintenance and training in the defense industry.
Academic:
Fleck was on the Faculty of the Harvard Business School teaching first-year Finance in the MBA Programme 1964-1966. From 1966-1970, he was Professor and Associate Dean, Faculty of Administration Studies and Director, M.B.A. Program at York University.
He has also taught, as a visiting Professor, at the Keio Business School of Tokyo, Japan,; INSEAD (The European Institute of Business Administration in Fontainebleau, France) and the University of Western Ontario. He has taught courses in corporate finance, business policy and business/government relations.
From July 1, 1978, until June 30, 1979, he was the William Lyon Mackenzie King Visiting Professor of Canadian Studies, Business and Public Management, at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University, Boston, Massachusetts.
Professor Fleck is the emeritus M. Wallace McCutcheon Professor of Business Government Relations at the Faculty of Management, University of Toronto and a Senior Fellow, Massey College.
His publications include Business Can Succeed!, Understanding the Political Environment (with A. Litvak, Canada Publishing Corporation), Canada Can Compete!, Strategic Management of the Canadian Industrial Portfolio (with J.R. D'Cruz), Institute for Research on Public Policy, and Yankee Canadians in the Global Economy, Strategic Management of U.S. Subsidiaries under Free Trade. Has co-authored with Professor J. D'Cruz several articles for the Business Quarterly, one of which, "The Globalization of Manufacturing", received the Silver Medal in the Deloitte & Touche "Best of the Best" Awards covering the first thirty years of the Business Quarterly. 
Government:
From 1969-1971 was Executive Director and a member of the Committee on Government Productivity, responsible for carrying out a study that led to a major re-organization of the Ontario Government. Prior to joining COGP, he served on the Federal Department of Transport Task Force on goals and objectives.
During 1974 and 1975 was the Secretary of the Cabinet. For the two previous years was Chief Executive Officer, Office of the Premier, Government of Ontario.
From January 1, 1976, until September 1, 1978, was Deputy Minister of Industry and Tourism, Government of Ontario.
He was a founding director of the Public Policy Forum, was active in the Niagara Institute and Chairman of BCNI's Steering Committee on Constitutional Reform, and was a Director of the Institute for Research on Public Policy.
Philanthropy and Voluntarism:
Jim Fleck is one of Canada’s most active cultural philanthropists. For over 35 years, he has generously donated his time, expertise and financial support to a number of arts organizations across the country.
Chairman of the Council for Business and the Arts in Canada, Chairman of the Ontario Minister’s Advisory Council on Arts and Culture, President of the Art Gallery of Ontario Foundation, Harbourfront Foundation, a past Director and Chairman of Tennis Canada, a Director of the Canadian Institute of Advanced Research, and was founding President of The Power Plant, Contemporary Art at Harbourfront, Toronto, Ontario. He led the private side of a public-private collaboration with the City of Toronto to create and build the Yo-Yo Ma Toronto Music Garden, inspired by the music of Bach. He is a member of the Chief Executives Organization and was on the Canadian Council of Chief Executives.
Fleck was involved in setting up the Canadian Arts Summit, bringing together the volunteer, artistic and administrative heads of the fifty largest visual and performing arts institutions and served as Chairman of the Second Arts Summit in 1999.
He was active in the leadership that set up the Prostate Centre at Princess Margaret Hospital and the Fleck Tanenbaum Chair in Prostatic Diseases.
He was Chairman of Tennis Canada from 1991–95 and a Board Member 1987-98.
In April 1996 he received the Public Policy Forum Testimonial Dinner Award for "distinguished service to Canada".
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1997.
He received The Edmund C. Bovey Award for leadership support of the arts in Canada in Oct. 2003.
In August 2004 he was inducted as a Builder into Canada’s Tennis Hall of Fame.
On September 23, 2008, a gala dinner was held at the Fairmont York Hotel in Toronto to honour Dr. Fleck and his contributions to Canadian business, government, education, sport, culture and philanthropy. Proceeds for the event went to LOFT Community Services, which provides housing and support for 4,000 homeless people in Toronto. Dr. Fleck matched the proceeds donating $100,000 each to the National Ballet of Canada, Soulpepper Theatre, and Rotman School’s :Prosperity Institute.”
He received the Angel Award for philanthropy in the Arts by the International Society of Performing Arts in January 2009. 
He is also the 2009 recipient of the Ramon John Hnatyshyn Award for Voluntarism in the Performing Arts, which is part of the Governor General Awards. As a part of the award, the National Film Board did a 2009 short film on his unrealized desire to be a creative artist. See http://www.ggpaa.ca/en/nfb_short_films.html
He was presented the Queen's Silver Jubilee Medal in 1977 and the Queen’s 50th Anniversary Medal in 2002.
Interests.
Fleck is interested in the arts, is a private collector, and in sports, particularly tennis. 

</doc>
<doc id="9859710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859710" title="Daniel Eriksson">
Daniel Eriksson

Daniel Eriksson (born October 20, 1974) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays for Dynamo Kazan as a defender. Daniel has played for the Swedish national bandy team making his debut in the 2000/2001 season.
Daniel has played for different clubs.
His list of clubs are as follows-

</doc>
<doc id="9859719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859719" title="List of the largest trading partners of the United States">
List of the largest trading partners of the United States

Partners of the United States represent 73.9% of U.S. imports, and 71.7% of U.S. exports . These figures do not include services or foreign direct investment,
The largest U.S. partners with their total trade (sum of imports and exports) in billions of US Dollars for calendar year 2012 are as follows: 
This list does not include the European Union (EU), which includes five (Germany, UK, France, Netherlands and Italy) of the above states in a single economic entity. As a single economy, the EU is the largest trading partner of the US with $367.8 billion worth of EU goods going to the US and $268.6 billion of US goods going to the EU , totaling approximately $636.4 billion in total trade.
Countries of which United States is the largest trading partner.
The United States is also the primary export or import partner of several countries. The percentages on these tables are based on 2012 data as shown on the CIA World Factbook. Some countries are repeated from the previous table.

</doc>
<doc id="9859728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859728" title="Cactus and Succulent Society of America">
Cactus and Succulent Society of America

The Cactus and Succulent Society of America (CSSA) was founded in 1929 in Pasadena, California and has grown to encompass over 80 affiliated clubs and thousands of members worldwide. The primary purpose of the society is to enjoy succulent (water-storing) plants through horticulture, travel and scientific discovery, with a particular concern for habitat preservation and conservation issues in deserts worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="9859731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859731" title="The Glenrothes distillery">
The Glenrothes distillery

The Glenrothes is a single malt Scotch whisky, produced at the Glenrothes Distillery, beside the Burn of Rothes in the Speyside region. The Glenrothes is used in blended scotch whiskies such as Cutty Sark and The Famous Grouse. The Glenrothes is owned by Berry Brothers and Rudd, after being bought from the Edrington Group in 2010.
Production.
The Glenrothes is different from many other single malts in that since 1993 the bottlings are not determined by age but by vintage. The Glenrothes is also sold as "Select Reserve", a recently introduced non-vintage line. 
The Glenrothes is mainly matured in Spanish ex-Sherry casks, and some ex-Bourbon casks. 
Special bottlings include "Single Cask" bottles, which are taken from one single cask of whisky from a particular year. In the late 1980s, a few years before Glenrothes Distillery decided to bottle The Glenrothes as vintages, some casks of whisky prior to 1974 were left to mature together. These casks were bottled as a 30-year-old Glenrothes. Only 1134 bottles were produced.
Character.
The house style is a warming, mouth-coating creamy spirit, with the classic Speyside "pear drop" character . Thanks to its ageing and production, Glenrothes whisky is known for its spicy, rich character. Critic Michael Jackson describes the house style as being "Perfumy, sweet, spicy-fruity. After Dinner".
History.
The distillery was built in 1878 by James Stuart & Co, who then also worked the nearby Macallan distillery. The first whisky ran off the stills on the 28 December 1879, the same day as the Tay Bridge disaster.
The distillery itself had a shaky start and a chequered history. Over-proof whisky is notoriously highly flammable and the distillery has paid the price. Extension work began in 1896 on a second malt kiln, and an increase in stills from two to four but, before the work was finished, a fire in December 1897 caused serious damage. The distillery saw further damage with a serious explosion in 1903.
Then, in 1922, a fire in Warehouse Number One caused the loss of of whisky. Another fire in 1962 afforded the opportunity for expansion and a further re-build in 1982 extended the still hall to five wash stills and five spirit stills.

</doc>
<doc id="9859740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859740" title="Adèle Kindt">
Adèle Kindt

Adèle Kindt (16 December 1804–1884) was a Belgian painter, the leading female painter of the 1820s to 1840s.
Born in Brussels, into a family which produced many female artists, Marie-Adélaïde Kindt was trained in drawing by engraver Antoine Cardon. She studied painting under François-Joseph Navez and was encouraged by Jacques-Louis David.
Although trained as a neoclassicist, Kindt's work was informed by Romanticism. Her early works included many historical scenes. Her "Épisode des journées de septembre 1830", portraying a scene from the Belgian Revolution of 1830, is considered her masterpiece and is on display in the Brussels city museum on the Grand Place
After the 1840s, Kindt painted much less ambitious works, largely portraiture and generic scenes, adapting her style to suit the changing tastes of the public, but never recaptured the success of her early career. She died in Schaarbeek.
Her younger sisters Clara and Laurence were landscape painters, as was her sister-in-law Isabelle Kindt-Van Assche.

</doc>
<doc id="9859741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859741" title="Zbiroh">
Zbiroh

Zbiroh () is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the east-northeast from the region capital of Pilsen.
Zbiroh is also a Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Rokycany Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9859794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859794" title="Dva Puti, Dva Shliakhy">
Dva Puti, Dva Shliakhy

"Dva Puti , Dva Shliakhy" is a song recorded by the Ukrainian singer, Ruslana, and Russian pop star, Varvara. The author of the song is Ruslana's husband Oleksandr Ksenofontov. The basic song is in Ukrainian and Russian languages, but Ruslana also recorded an English version.
Rumours of the duet had been circling for some time, but the long-awaited partnership was still a surprise - albeit a very welcome one - for many fans. The song "Two Ways" is described as a combination of two Slavic cultures, and is bilingual. Due to tour commitments, the recording of the song actually took a whole year to be completed.
Ruslana, who won the Eurovision Song Contest for Ukraine in 2004 on the country's second ever attempt, met Varvara at one of the Eurovision parties during the Kiev contest of 2005, and the two became firm friends.

</doc>
<doc id="9859799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859799" title="Marcus Sixtensson">
Marcus Sixtensson

Marcus Sixtensson (born July 4, 1977) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Sandvikens AIK as a defender.
Marcus has played for three clubs.
His list of clubs are as follows-

</doc>
<doc id="9859806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859806" title="Oliver L. Spaulding">
Oliver L. Spaulding

Oliver Lyman Spaulding (August 2, 1833 - July 30, 1922) was a soldier and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Biography.
Spaulding was born in Jaffrey, New Hampshire. He completed preparatory studies, graduated from Oberlin College of Ohio in 1855, and moved to Michigan where he taught school. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1858 and commenced practice in St. Johns, Michigan. He was regent of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor from 1858 to 1864.
During the Civil War, Spaulding served in the Union Army as a captain in the Twenty-third Regiment, Michigan Volunteers and promoted to colonel and then general. He resumed the practice of law in St. Johns.
Spaulding served as Michigan Secretary of State from 1866 to 1870. Afterwards, he became a member of the Republican State committee from 1871 to 1878. He declined the position of United States district judge of the Utah Territory in 1871 and later served as special agent of the United States Treasury Department from 1875 to 1881.
Spaulding was elected as a Republican from Michigan's 6th congressional district to the 46th Congress serving from March 4, 1881 to March 3, 1883. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1882. He also served as chairman of the commission sent to the Sandwich Islands to investigate alleged violations of the Hawaiian reciprocity treaty in 1883.
Oliver Spaulding again served as a special agent of the United States Treasury in 1885, 1889, and 1890 and then as Assistant U.S. Secretary of the Treasury from 1890 to 1893 during the Benjamin Harrison administration and 1897 to 1903 during the McKinley administration. He was also president of the first International American Customs Congress, held in New York City in January 1903 and again a special agent of the United States Treasury from 1903 to 1909 and then customs agent from 1909 to 1916.
Oliver L. Spaulding died in Washington, D.C., and is interred in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9859808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859808" title="Nick Bacon">
Nick Bacon

Nicky Daniel "Nick" Bacon (November 25, 1945 – July 17, 2010) was a United States Army first sergeant from the Americal Division who served during the Vietnam War. For his actions in combat in Tam Ky, Vietnam, Bacon was awarded America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor.
Early life.
Bacon was born in Caraway, Arkansas, on November 25, 1945, one of nine children. His parents, Johno and Beta Imogene "Jean" (Meadows) Bacon, were sharecroppers on a cotton farm. His siblings were sisters Jenny, Brenda, Judy, Hope, and Wanda and brothers Doyle, Johno Jr., and Andy. In 1951, a poor farming economy prompted the family to move to Glendale, Arizona, where Johno Bacon's parents lived. Nicky Bacon grew up driving tractors and picking cotton on the ranch where his father worked. He dropped out of Peoria High School to work full-time to support the family when his father contracted polio, although he later earned a GED. "I hated picking cotton and that other stuff," he later said. "I've done my share of it. And I'll guarantee you one thing: I've never, ever went back to it once I was old enough to hold a man's job." 
Military service.
In 1963, at age 17, Bacon forged his mother's signature to enlist in the Arizona National Guard. The next year, he joined the US Army, and after basic training at Fort Ord in California, he was stationed in Worms, Germany. Of his military service Bacon later said, "I was never prouder, I was never in better shape, I was never more sure that I stood for something in my life than I was when I wore the uniform." He served his first tour of Vietnam in 1966 during which he was wounded three times. On his first mission in Vietnam, the helicopter he was riding in collided with another, killing everyone except Bacon and one other soldier.
Bacon volunteered to serve a second combat tour in Vietnam from 1968 to 1969. He reached the rank of staff sergeant while serving with Company B, 4th Battalion, 21st Infantry Regiment, 11th Infantry Brigade of the Americal Division. On August 26, 1968, while leading a squad in Bravo Company's 1st Platoon, in an operation west of Tam Kỳ, Bacon and his unit came under fire from enemy positions. While Bacon destroyed these positions with hand grenades, his platoon leader was wounded in open ground. Assuming command, Bacon led the platoon in destroying still more enemy emplacements.
When the 3rd Platoon lost its leader, Bacon took command of that platoon as well and led both platoons against the remaining enemy positions. During the evacuation of the wounded, Bacon climbed the side of a nearby tank to gain a vantage point and direct fire into enemy positions, despite his exposure to enemy fire. "I got my boot heel shot off, I got holes in my canteens, I got my rifle grip shot up," he recalled in "Beyond Glory," a 2003 book by Larry Smith of history interviews with Medal of Honor recipients. "I got shrapnel holes in my camouflage covers, and bullets in my pot. A bullet creased the edge of it, tore the lining off." He was personally credited with killing at least 4 enemy soldiers and destroying an antitank gun.
For his actions in this battle, Bacon received the Medal of Honor. The medal was formally presented to him by President Richard Nixon during a 1969 White House ceremony. For his service in Vietnam and throughout his career, he also received the Distinguished Service Cross, the Legion of Merit, two Bronze Stars, two Purple Heart medals (one awarded later in 2008 due to an administrative oversight) and numerous other awards and decorations. "Did I enjoy combat? Yeah. I enjoyed the game," Bacon said in the "Beyond Glory" interview. "I was good at it."
Bacon requested a third tour of duty in Vietnam but was denied. He instead served as a reenlistment noncommissioned officer at Fort Hood, Texas, was stationed in Giessen, Germany, and worked in the training command at Fort McClellan, Alabama, before retiring in June 1984 as a first sergeant. He chose to retire from the military when he received orders to go to Korea. He was newly married to his second wife and had a young son. "When I was young, it was fun traveling and having new adventures," he told the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette in 1997. "But I didn't want to start over again with raising a family back home and being halfway around the world myself. As you get older, you would like to think of yourself as tough and that you could still strap it all on and head for the boonies, but you can't do that . . . Wars are fought by young men." 
Later years and legacy.
Bacon had six children, daughters Kristy and Kim and sons William, James, Wyatt, and Britt.
After his military retirement, Bacon returned with his wife, Tamera Ann, to Arizona and worked for the Department of Veterans Affairs at their Phoenix regional office. While there, he was the co-originator of the Med-Vet Healthcare Program in Phoenix and participated in John McCain's 1986 political campaign in which McCain was first elected to the U.S. Senate. Bacon later served as town manager for the Phoenix suburb of Surprise.
In 1990, Bacon moved back to Arkansas and lived in the town of Rose Bud. He was appointed director of the Arkansas Department of Veterans Affairs by Governor Jim Guy Tucker in April 1993 and served until his final retirement in February 2005. During his tenure, he helped establish the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery and the Arkansas Veterans Coalition. He “considered the cemetery one of his greatest accomplishments” according to his brother John.
Bacon was part of the official United States delegation to normalize relations with Vietnam in 1995 and traveled to Israel in the late 1990s on behalf of Jewish veterans to urge the Israeli government not to cede the Golan Heights to Syria. He later served as president of the Congressional Medal of Honor Society and Chair Emeritus of the American Board for Certification in Homeland Security. Bacon was also inducted into the Military Police Hall of Fame at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri. In 2006, Bacon was honored by the MacArthur Museum of Arkansas Military Historywith the Arsenal Award in recognition of his service to the nation and the State of Arkansas.
In 2004, Bacon was appointed by House Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.) to the Veterans' Disability Benefits Commission, an independent, 13-member panel charged with studying the military's system of compensating veterans for injuries to ensure that it was equitable and fair. The commission issued its final report, which made more than 100 recommendations, in 2007. He also served on the President’s National Hire Veterans Committee and the Veterans Disability Benefits Commission.
Bacon died on the morning of July 17, 2010, after a long battle with cancer. He was the last living Medal of Honor recipient from the state of Arkansas. His burial took place with full military honors at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery in North Little Rock on July 24.
The Veterans of Foreign Wars has since honored him with the establishment of the Nick Bacon Memorial Scholarship for children and grandchildren of disabled veterans. Likewise, "a Memorial Room at an American Legion Post in Little Rock now honors Nick Bacon." In 2012, the United States House of Representatives passed H.R. 3870X, which was introduced by Congressman Timothy Griffin (R-AR) and acted to "designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6083 Highway 36 West in Rose Bud, Arkansas, as the Nicky "Nick" Daniel Bacon Post Office.'" Heber Springs, Arkansas installed a new flagpole and a memorial marker honoring Bacon in the town ball park in 2012 
Medal of Honor citation.
Bacon's official citation reads:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. S/Sgt. Bacon distinguished himself while serving as a squad leader with the 1st Platoon, Company B, during an operation west of Tam Ky. When Company B came under fire from an enemy bunker line to the front, S/Sgt. Bacon quickly organized his men and led them forward in an assault. He advanced on a hostile bunker and destroyed it with grenades. As he did so, several fellow soldiers including the 1st Platoon leader, were struck by machine gun fire and fell wounded in an exposed position forward of the rest of the platoon. S/Sgt. Bacon immediately assumed command of the platoon and assaulted the hostile gun position, finally killing the enemy gun crew in a single-handed effort. When the 3d Platoon moved to S/Sgt. Bacon's location, its leader was also wounded. Without hesitation S/Sgt. Bacon took charge of the additional platoon and continued the fight. In the ensuing action he personally killed 4 more enemy soldiers and silenced an antitank weapon. Under his leadership and example, the members of both platoons accepted his authority without question. Continuing to ignore the intense hostile fire, he climbed up on the exposed deck of a tank and directed fire into the enemy position while several wounded men were evacuated. As a result of S/Sgt. Bacon's extraordinary efforts, his company was able to move forward, eliminate the enemy positions, and rescue the men trapped to the front. S/Sgt. Bacon's bravery at the risk of his life was in the highest traditions of the military service and reflects great credit upon himself, his unit, and the U.S. Army.

</doc>
<doc id="9859826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859826" title="Prince Georgy Konstantinovich of Russia">
Prince Georgy Konstantinovich of Russia

Prince Georgy Konstantinovich of Russia (6 May 1903 – 7 November 1938), was the youngest son of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Yelizaveta Mavrikiyevna.
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917, he escaped to Sweden in October 1918 with his mother, younger sister Vera Konstantinovna, and niece and nephew aboard the Swedish ship "Ångermanland".
Prince Georgy and Princess Vera remained at Pavlovsk throughout the war, the chaotic rule of the Provisional Government, and after the October Revolution. In the fall of 1918, they were permitted by the Bolsheviks to be taken by ship to Sweden (on the Ångermanland, via Tallinn to Helsinki and via Mariehamn to Stockholm), at the invitation of the Swedish queen.
At Stockholm harbor they met prince Gustaf Adolf who took them to the royal palace. Yelizaveta Mavrikiyevna, Vera, and Georgy lived for the next two years in Sweden, first in Stockholm then in Saltsjöbaden; but Sweden was too expensive for them so they moved first to Belgium by invitation of Albert I of Belgium, and then to Germany, settling in Altenburg where they lived thirty years, except for a couple of years in England. Yelizaveta died of cancer on 24 March 1927 in Leipzig.
Georgy, who never married, became a successful interior designer. He died of complications following surgery in New York City at the age of 35.
He is buried next to his sister Princess Vera Konstantinovna at the Russian Orthodox Cemetery of Novo-Diveevo in Nanuet, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9859828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859828" title="Billy Boyd (politician)">
Billy Boyd (politician)

Billy Boyd (born 1923) was a politician from Northern Ireland.
Boyd worked in the shipyards of Belfast and became active in the Northern Ireland Labour Party (NILP) and stood unsuccessfully in Belfast Woodvale in the Northern Ireland general election, 1953, then again in a 1955 by-election. That same year, he was elected to Belfast City Council, a seat he held until 1977.
In 1958, he was finally elected for Woodvale, and in 1963 he became the Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means and Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons. He stood for Westminster at the UK general election, 1964 in Belfast West, taking 24% of the votes cast.
Boyd lost his seat at the Northern Ireland general election, 1965, and failed to regain it in 1969. He then stood unsuccessfully in Belfast West for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973 and the UK general election, February 1974, by now only able to take 4% of the vote. Following a final candidature for the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention in Belfast North, he resigned from the NILP and stood as an independent in the same seat for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="9859852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859852" title="2006 UCI Women's Road World Cup">
2006 UCI Women's Road World Cup

The 2006 UCI Women's Road World Cup is the ninth edition of the UCI Women's Road World Cup. Nine of the eleven races from the 2005 World Cup were retained and three new races were added to give a total of twelve races - the most rounds the World Cup had seen. The races that were left off the calendar were the GP of Wales and the Primavera Rosa. The Danish race the L'Heure D'Or Féminine, Sweden's Open de Suède Vargarda and the Swiss Tour de Berne were the new rounds.
Final standings.
Riders.
[http://oldsite.uci.ch/modello.asp?1stlevelid=AB&level1=4&level2=0&idnews=4009]
Teams.
[http://oldsite.uci.ch/modello.asp?1stlevelid=AB&level1=4&level2=0&idnews=4010]

</doc>
<doc id="9859869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859869" title="County Road 81 (Hennepin County, Minnesota)">
County Road 81 (Hennepin County, Minnesota)

Hennepin County Road 81 or County State-Aid Highway 81 (CR 81, CSAH 81) is a county highway in Hennepin County, Minnesota, which runs from its interchange with Interstate 94 (I-94), CR 66, and CR 152 (Washington Avenue North) in the city of Minneapolis, and continues northwest to its terminus at Main Street (State Highway 101, MN 101) in suburban Rogers. CR 81 is in length.
Route description.
County Road 81 (CR 81) begins at the intersection with Washington Avenue (CR 152/CR 66), in Minneapolis. It goes northwest into the city of Robbinsdale, intersecting with CR 9 (42nd Avenue), MN 100 and several other roads. It enters Crystal shortly after its interchange with MN 100, intersecting with CR 10 (Bass Lake Road) and several other roads. It enters Brooklyn Park, south of its intersection with 63rd Avenue. There, it passes its interchange with I-94; intersections with CR 8 (West Broadway), Brooklyn Boulevard, CR 109 (85th Avenue North) and several other roads; and a new interchange with US Highway 169 (US 169). In Osseo, it intersects with Jefferson Highway/Central Avenue. In Maple Grove it intersects with Zachary Lane North, CR 30 (93rd Avenue), CR 130 (Elm Creek Boulevard), MN 610, Fernbrook Lane and Maple Grove Parkway. In Dayton, it intersects with CR 101/CR 13. In Rogers it intersects with CR 150 and becomes MN 101 at I-94. Along its route, it intersects with I-94 three times, all at interchanges. From Rogers to Robbinsdale the speed limit stays around ; near downtown Minneapolis it is .
History.
CR 81, between the Robbinsdale and Minneapolis border and present-day US 169 in Brooklyn Park, was constructed between the late 1940s and 1950s. Until I-94 and I-494 were built, CR 81 served as the principal route between Minneapolis and points northwest.
Formerly a trunk highway supervised by the state and known as US 52, US 169, MN 101, MN 152, and MN 218 in various segments at various times, the state turned over management of the roadway to Hennepin County in 1988 and it was renumbered to CR 81. From 1982 to 1988, a portion of the route was known as MN 81.
In 2004, the at-grade intersection with MN 100 was converted into an interchange along with other intersections on MN 100 during a reconstruction project. In 2008, a reconstruction project in Robbinsdale (Lowry Avenue to MN 100) was completed. Also, in Maple Grove, a reconstruction project near Fernbrook Lane and new roads, Elm Creek Boulevard, and Maple Grove Parkway was completed, reconstructing the Fernbrook Lane intersection and adding new intersections at Elm Creek Boulevard and Maple Grove Parkway, when Elm Creek Boulevard was extended and Maple Grove Parkway was paved to its reconstructed interchange with I-94.
In 2011, the intersection with US 169 was converted into an interchange, along with the road's reconstruction from the former intersection with US 169 to CR 109 (85th Avenue), the extension of the nearby 83rd Avenue North and construction on local streets. Also in 2011, when MN 610 was extended, a half of a new interchange was built south of CR 130 (Elm Creek Boulevard) near the end of the new portion of MN 610. In Rogers, CR 81's terminus was moved from its former intersection with MN 101/CR 150 to MN 101's interchange with I-94. Also the intersection with MN 101 and CR 150 was demolished, during a different road construction project.
Future.
Since 2000, local governments and business leaders in the CR 81 corridor (also known as the Northwest Corridor Partnership) have been working together on a strategic redevelopment plan supported by a transit line. Rapid bus transit was originally considered for this corridor in the early 2000s. Since 2007, light rail transit is now being studied as the more favorable option. The portion of CR 81 from Rogers to Robbinsdale will be signed as Bottineau Boulevard in the near future, named after historic frontiersman Pierre Bottineau. The portion of CR 81 in North Minneapolis will remain signed as West Broadway.
Reconstruction work.
A segment of CR 81 reconstruction project began in 2010. This section is from 47th Avenue North in the city of Robbinsdale to CR 30 in the city of Maple Grove, resulting ultimately in a six-lane divided urban roadway. The project also passes through the cities of Crystal, Brooklyn Park, and Osseo. The goals of this project are to improve the safety and operations along the roadway, changes will be made to existing access. Major intersections will also be reconstructed. Construction will occur in segments. Construction of Segment One (47th Avenue North in Robbinsdale to CR 10/Bass Lake Road in Crystal) began in 2010, and is expected to be completed in the summer of 2012. Also the construction of Segment Two (CR 81/Bass Lake Road in Crystal to 63rd Avenue North in Brooklyn Park) is partially funded, and expected to begin in 2012. Segments 3 and 4 (63rd Avenue to US 169, US 169 to CR 30/93rd Avenue) are currently not funded.

</doc>
<doc id="9859871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859871" title="Law of California">
Law of California

The law of California consists of several levels, including constitutional, statutory, and regulatory law, as well as case law. The California Codes form the general statutory law.
Sources of law.
The Constitution of California is the foremost source of state law. Legislation is enacted within the California Statutes, which in turn have been codified into the 29 California Codes. State agencies promulgate regulations with the California Regulatory Notice Register, which are in turn codified in the California Code of Regulations. California's legal system is based on common law, which is interpreted by case law through the decisions of the Supreme Court of California, California Courts of Appeal, and Appellate Divisions of the Superior Courts of California, and published in the "California Reports", "California Appellate Reports", and "California Appellate Reports Supplement", respectively (among others). Counties and incorporated cities may promulgate local ordinances which are usually codified in county or city codes, respectively. In addition, there are also several sources of persuasive authority, which are not binding authority but are useful to lawyers and judges insofar as they help to clarify the current state of the law.
Constitutional law.
The foremost source of state law is the Constitution of California, which like other state constitutions derives its power and legitimacy from the sovereignty of the people. The California Constitution in turn is subordinate to the Constitution of the United States, which is the supreme law of the land.
Legislation.
Pursuant to the state constitution, the California State Legislature and the Governor have enacted the California Statutes, which in turn have been codified into the 29 California Codes. The first four codes, enacted in 1872, were the Civil Code, the Code of Civil Procedure, the Penal Code, and the Political Code (which much later would become the Elections Code). However, these did not constitute a complete codification, and statutes on subject matter inappropriate for the four codes were simply not codified. In 1929, the Legislature finally established the California Code Commission as a permanent government agency (it had previously existed only intermittently on an "ad hoc" temporary basis), and it spent the next thirty years slowly codifying the rest of the California Statutes. Strangely, although there is a Code of Civil Procedure, there was never a Code of Criminal Procedure; California's law of criminal procedure is codified in Part 2 of the Penal Code. The newest code is the Family Code, which was split off from the Civil Code in 1994.
Regulations.
Pursuant to certain broadly worded statutes, state agencies have promulgated an enormous body of regulations, which are codified in the California Code of Regulations (CCR) and carry the force of law to the extent they do not conflict with any statutes or the state or federal Constitutions. Pursuant to the California Administrative Procedure Act, a "Notice of Proposed Action" is published in the California Regulatory Notice Register (Notice Register) and at least 45 days are required for public hearings and comment before being reviewed and approved by the California Office of Administrative Law (OAL) and codified in the CCR.
The Judicial Council of California has also promulgated the California Rules of Court, which includes such publications as the Standards of Judicial Administration and the Ethics Standards for Neutral Arbitrators in Contractual Arbitrations, under the authority of article VI, section 6, of the Constitution of California.
The common law.
California's legal system is based on common law. Like all U.S. states except Louisiana, California has a reception statute providing for the "reception" of English law. California Civil Code Section 22.2 is as follows: "The common law of England, so far as it is not repugnant to or inconsistent with the Constitution of the United States, or the Constitution or laws of this State, is the rule of decision in all the courts of this State."
All statutes, regulations, and ordinances are subject to judicial review. They can be overturned by any state court of record if they impermissibly amend an initiative statute, are unconstitutional under the U.S. Constitution or the California Constitution, or be overturned by a federal court if they are unconstitutional under the U.S. Constitution.
Pursuant to common law tradition, the courts of California have developed a large body of case law through the decisions of the Supreme Court of California and the California Courts of Appeal. The state supreme court's decisions are published in official reporters known as "California Reports". The decisions of the Courts of Appeal are published in the "California Appellate Reports". Both official reporters are now in their fourth series. 
The content of both reporters is compiled and edited by the California Reporter of Decisions. The Reporter maintains a contract with a private publisher (as allowed by Government Code Section 68903) who in turn is responsible for actually publishing and selling the official reporters. The current official publisher is LexisNexis. In addition to the official reporters, published California cases are also printed in two Thomson West unofficial reporters: the regional "Pacific Reporter" and the state-specific "California Reporter" (both now in their third series).
All Supreme Court decisions are published, but less than 10% of Court of Appeal decisions are published. "Unpublished" decisions handed down after 1980 are generally available through the LexisNexis and Westlaw databases, but are useful only for academic researchers or as an aid in finding relevant published decisions, because unpublished decisions cannot be cited as law to any California court.
Because the state supreme court was extremely overloaded with cases during its first half-century (resulting in the creation of the Courts of Appeal in 1904), a few hundred minor opinions that "should" have been published simply were not. In response, a small group of lawyers later undertook the tedious task of plowing through the state archives to recover and compile such opinions, which were published in a separate reporter called "California Unreported Cases" starting in 1913. Despite the reporter's name, those decisions are also citable as precedent, since they would have been published but for the court's severely disorganized condition at the time they were issued.
The orders and decisions of the Superior Courts of California in their capacity as trial courts are never published. However, the appellate divisions of the superior courts (which hear appeals from infractions, misdemeanors, and "limited civil" cases) occasionally certify opinions for publication, which appear in a "Supplement" to the "California Appellate Reports".
Local ordinances.
California has several different types of local governments throughout the state. California is divided into 58 counties, including San Francisco (a consolidated city–county with the powers of both types of entities) and municipal areas incorporated as cities. All of the state's territory is within one of the counties, but not all of it is within the boundaries of a city; the areas not under city control are called unincorporated areas and are directly managed by county governments. School districts, which are independent of cities and counties, handle public education. Many other functions, especially in unincorporated areas, are handled by special districts, which include municipal utility districts, transit districts, vector control districts, and geologic hazard abatement districts.
Counties and incorporated cities may promulgate ordinances which are usually codified in county codes and city codes, respectively. Every act prohibited or declared unlawful, and every failure to perform an act required, by the ordinances are misdemeanor crimes, unless otherwise specified as infractions.
Non-binding but persuasive treatises.
In addition to all of the above, there are also several sources of persuasive authority, which are not binding authority but are useful to lawyers and judges insofar as they help to clarify the current state of the law. The most comprehensive attempts to summarize California law are Bernard Witkin's "Summary of California Law", a treatise in 16 volumes, and "California Jurisprudence 3d", a 102-volume legal encyclopedia, both published by Thomson West; as well as LexisNexis Matthew Bender's "California Forms of Practice and Pleading", a looseleaf service which comes in the form of 52 thick binders. The Rutter Group (a West subsidiary) publishes over 20 specialized practice guides, each consisting of two to four looseleaf binders. Witkin's "Summary" and the Rutter Group guides are frequently cited in contemporary California appellate opinions.
Unique features.
Because California law is enormous, it is necessary to focus only on a few features which are unique to California law, when compared to the laws of its sister states as well as federal law.
Popular sovereignty.
California has a powerful tradition of popular sovereignty, which is reflected in the frequent use of initiatives to amend the state constitution, as well as the former state constitutional requirement (repealed in 1966 and enacted as Government Code Section 100) that all government process shall be styled in the name of "the People of the State of California." (Government Code Section 100 also expressly states that sovereignty resides in the people.) This means that all criminal prosecutions and all enacted laws are done in the name of "the People," rather than "the State" or "the Commonwealth" as in much of the United States. The preambles of the state's two open meeting laws, the Brown Act and the Bagley-Keene Act, both contain the same sentence: "The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies which serve them."
Statutory structure and citation.
California is unusual in that like Texas and New York, and unlike 47 other states, it has separate subject-specific codes rather than a single code divided into numbered titles.
During the state's first century, the California Legislature was rather sloppy in drafting statutes. This has resulted in two bizarre anomalies in California statutory law. First, some acts are designated as "Acts" and others are designated as "Laws," with no coherent distinction between the two. A typical example of this problem is in California consumer law, where an injured consumer may attempt to sue on behalf of all similarly injured consumers under the Unfair Competition Law and the Consumers Legal Remedies Act.
The second oddity is that California is the only state that always precedes a citation to statute subsections with the word "subdivision" (abbreviated in some contexts to "subd."). The reason is that the Legislature often failed to leave gaps in the section numbering in the California codes for future expansion, and then occasionally resorted to the shortsighted technique of appending an alphabetical letter to a section number in order to insert a new section between two existing sections on similar subject matter. For example, the summary judgment statute in California is Section 437c of the Code of Civil Procedure. But alphabetical letters are traditionally used in the U.S. to designate "subsections" of statutes. To avoid confusion as to whether one is citing section 437c (that is, the section with number 437c) or 437(c) (subsection (c) of the section numbered 437), the "subdivision" prefix must be used when citing any subsection of "all" California statutes.
Similar to New York, but unlike most other states and the federal judiciary, nearly all of California civil procedure law is located in the Code of Civil Procedure (a statute) rather than in the California Rules of Court (a set of regulations promulgated by the judiciary). Therefore, whenever the Judicial Council of California identifies a significant defect in California civil procedure, it must lobby the Legislature and the Governor to change the statutes, rather than merely promulgating a simple rule change. This can be problematic as even noncontroversial technical amendments may be stalled due to unrelated disputes between the Legislature and Governor. A recent example is the California Electronic Discovery Act, which was vetoed in October 2008 (along with many other bills) by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger simply as his expression of disgust with the Legislature's inability to fix the state's dysfunctional budget, rather than because of any substantive defect in the bill itself. The Electronic Discovery Act had to be reintroduced in the next legislative session and was finally signed by the Governor on June 29, 2009.
Codification.
Unlike the majority of states, contract law is fully codified in the Civil Code (which even includes details such as a definition of consideration). However, the Restatement of Contracts (Second) is also used by California courts. Non-compete clauses are automatically void except for a small number of exceptions.
Evidence privileges are fully codified in the Evidence Code (meaning if it's not codified it doesn't exist), in contrast to the Federal Rules of Evidence, which has allowed a residual exception for continuous development of privileges under the common law.
Celebrity justice.
The huge concentration of celebrities in Hollywood has resulted in a large number of statutes custom-tailored to the needs of celebrities, such as the California Celebrities Rights Act, as well as the 1990 enactment of the first anti-stalking law anywhere in the United States (which inspired the enactment of similar laws across the country). Celebrities' marital problems (and their ability to pay to litigate them thoroughly) have resulted in a very detailed Family Code, a rich corpus of family case law, and a large number of family law specialists officially certified by the State Bar of California. Lee Marvin and Barry Bonds are among the celebrities whose marital disputes were litigated before the Supreme Court of California. Celebrities' spouses often attempt to establish California jurisdiction over marital disputes, since the state's community property system (under which a 50/50 split of marital assets is strictly mandated by statute) is more favorable to the noncelebrity spouse who earned less during the marriage than the celebrity spouse. 
The widespread distribution of Hollywood motion pictures and television shows has given millions of media consumers worldwide some degree of superficial familiarity with California law. For example, the section numbers of the California Penal Code have become familiar to viewers around the world. Section 187 (murder) is probably the most well-known.
Powerful, innovative or controversial laws.
The Unruh Civil Rights Act and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act are among the most powerful civil rights laws in the United States. Both offer much broader coverage and more generous remedies than their federal equivalents. California appellate courts were the first in the United States to begin carving out exceptions to at-will employment, in 1959. 
The California Environmental Quality Act (Public Resources Code Sec. 21000, "et seq.") (CEQA) has far more lenient standing requirements than the federal National Environmental Policy Act, with the result that it is much easier for California landowners to sue each other than comparable landowners in other states.
California is renowned for its innovations in tort law, including strict liability for defective products, insurance bad faith, market-share liability, negligent infliction of emotional distress, and wrongful life.
The California three strikes law (codified in the Penal Code) has resulted in severe penalties in some cases and has been somewhat controversial in its application.

</doc>
<doc id="9859897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859897" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom

Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 1990/91 all results count.
Women's Giant Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9859902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859902" title="Stefan Andersson (bandy player)">
Stefan Andersson (bandy player)

Stefan Andersson (born May 20, 1969) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Sandvikens AIK as a midfielder. Stefan was brought up by IK Heros BK but left to play at a higher level. Stefan is playing in his twentieth season for Sandvikens AIK.
Stefan has played for the Swedish national bandy team during the 1993/94 season. 
Stefan was a member of the Sandvikens AIK squads that won the Swedish championship in the 1999/2000, 2001/2002 and 2002/2003 seasons as well as being a member of the Bandy World Cup winning squad in 2001/2002 season.
Stefan has only played for two clubs.
His list of clubs are as follows-

</doc>
<doc id="9859954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859954" title="List of universities in Eritrea">
List of universities in Eritrea

This is a list of universities in Eritrea.

</doc>
<doc id="9859966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859966" title="Dinomischus">
Dinomischus

"Dinomischus "is a rare fossil animal from the Cambrian period. It reached 20 mm in height, was attached to the sea floor by a stalk, and looked loosely like a flower. The cup-shaped body at the top of the stalk probably fed by filtering the surrounding seawater, and may have created a current to facilitate this. Its mouth and anus sat next to one another.
In his pioneering excavations of the Burgess Shale, Charles Doolittle Walcott excavated the first, and at the time only, specimen. It had evidently caught his eye, for he had taken the trouble to carefully photograph it—but he never found the time to describe the organism, and it was not until 1977 that Simon Conway Morris described the animal. He tracked down two further specimens, collected by further expeditions by teams from Harvard and the Royal Ontario Museum, allowing him to produce a reconstruction.
He was not able to say much about the organism. It consisted of a calyx (or body) on a long, thin stalk, surrounded by a whorl of 18 short "petals", which enclosed both openings of its U-shaped gut. The presence of this gut identified it as a metazoan, and the stem implied that it lived permanently attached to the sea floor by a small holdfast. The twenty or so "petals" borne by each organism were solid, plate-like structures, about two thirds the length of the calyx. It is speculated that they may have been covered with cilia—fine hairs—which would have wafted food down towards the organism's mouth. A number of affinities were considered, but on the basis of available evidence it didn't quite seem to fit into any extant phylum.
The most similar organisms were the much smaller entoprocts, but even these modern organisms are difficult to classify.
Further specimens have since been produced by similarly spectacular fossil sites in China. 13 have been found in the Chengjiang, then in 2006 one specimen was identified within the Kaili Formation. These organisms merited the erection of a new species, "D. venustus", as their corrugated "petals" possessed radial rays. However, these new data have added little to the debate; while a suggestion of echinoderm affinity has been floated, no phyla are compellingly similar to the organism. 
Other modern ideas, even if a little tenuous, include a suggestion that the organism may have been parasitic, dwelling on the carapaces of larger organisms. 
"Dinomischus" is not the only organism of its kind in the Cambrian; a similar, larger organism known as the "tulip animal" has also been recovered, but not yet described, from the Burgess Shale. It has also been likened to "Eldonia" and "Velumbrella", although unlike "Dinomischus" these medusoid organisms have tentacles.

</doc>
<doc id="9859981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859981" title="Galba truncatula">
Galba truncatula

Galba truncatula is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae, the pond snails. 
Until recently, this species was known as Lymnaea truncatula.
"Galba truncatula" is the vector mainly involved in fascioliasis transmission to humans.
Distribution.
"Galba truncatula" is believed to be native in Europe but it has been introduced in other parts of world. Currently, "Galba truncatula" is commonly distributed in all European countries, including most of islands such as Corsica, Malta, Azores, Madeira, Faroe Islands, Balearic Islands, Canary Islands. Despite the fact that "Galba truncatula" was spread worldwide exact distribution maps of the species are not available. In addition, most reports are based on morphological determination of the snail. Molecular evidences on the presence of "Galba truncatula" from non-European areas are limited. "Galba truncatula" was found in North and South America, several parts of Africa and Asia. 
In South America, the presence of "Galba truncatula" has already been molecularly verified in Bolivia, Peru, Argentina, Chile and Venezuela. In Africa, "Galba truncatula" is present mainly in Northern parts (i.e. Morocco, Algeria, Tunis, Egypt) but also in South Africa, Ethiopia, Kenya, and Tanzania.
In Asia, the snail occurs in Russia but other Asian countries were reported very rarely. "Galba truncatula" was found in Iran, Pakistan and India.
Description.
The height of the shell is 5–10 mm and the width of the shell is 2.5–6 mm.
The maximum length of the shell is 12.00 mm. Whorls are stepped. The columella is folded.
Tentacles are wider and with a wide base. Eyes are small. Mantle roof shows larger unpigmented whitish spots giving a pale appearance to the shell of living specimens by transparency.
The first bilateral teeth is tricuspid in radula. The praeputium/penis sheath length ratio is 2.50-5.90 mm (mean 3.44 mm).
Two species that have a similar morphology: "Galba neotropica" and "Galba schirazensis". Although several phenotypic characteristics may a priori be helpful for a preliminary specimen classification, a definitive classification of a specimen can only be obtained by the sequencing of at least one of the molecular markers used: ITS-2, ITS-1, 16S and cox1. Moreover mixed populations of "Galba truncatula" and "Galba schirazensis" have already been described in the field.
Ecology.
Habitat.
"Galba truncatula" can occupy both temporary and permanent freshwater habitats. The species occurs commonly in shallow well aerated water, in marshes, ponds, lakes, streams, rivers, water ditches. In case of larger water bodies, the snail occurs mostly on the edge between water and land, sometimes outside water layer on mud. "Galba truncatula" can be very abundant, with high population densities and it has an evident anthropophily including usual presence in human neighbourhood.
"Galba truncatula" is amphibious organism and can survive long dry periods. This is caused by its high ability to aestivate during drought conditions. It is known that "Galba truncatula" can survive 6 weeks to 4.5 months of dry periods in aestivated stage in mud. In the laboratory cultures, Kendall (1949) observed survival over 1 year in Petri dishes without water.
The species requires alkaline pH (pH range 7.0 up to 9.6) and calcium content over 0,3 mekv/l.
"Galba truncatula" can live at a very high altitude such as in the Northern Bolivian Altiplano (an area located between 3800 and 4100 m high altitude).
Feeding habits.
"Galba truncatula" feed on algae and fresh or decomposed parts of plants.
Life cycle.
In Europe, it has usually 2 generations per year and snails can live up to 2 years. During very wet years, the species can produce occasionally 3 generations per year.
They are hatching from eggs. The shape of egg cluster is rounded to oval shape even when containing more eggs. There are usually 2-15 eggs in cluster.
Parasites.
"Galba truncatula" is an intermediate host for these known trematodes and nematodes: 
Transmission capacity of fascioliasis to humans and to animals is high.
References.
This article incorporates CC-BY-2.0 text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="9859994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859994" title="2002 World Figure Skating Championships">
2002 World Figure Skating Championships

The 2002 World Figure Skating Championships were held at the M-Wave Arena in Nagano, Japan from March 16 to 24, 2002, sanctioned by the International Skating Union. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. 
Competition notes.
The competition was open to skaters representing an ISU member nation. It was the first ISU competition after the much publicized 2002 Olympic judging controversy. Neither pairs gold medalists chose to attend. Both went pro soon after.
2002 Worlds was the first time Israel had ever won a medal at Worlds.
The first compulsory dance was the Golden Waltz. The second was the Quickstep. Due to the large number of participants, the men's and ladies' qualifying groups were split into groups A and B.

</doc>
<doc id="9859998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9859998" title="Ulkatchot’en">
Ulkatchot’en

The Ulkatchot'en or Ulkatchos or Ulkatcho people are a First Nations people in the Chilcotin District of the Canadian province of British Columbia. They are a subgroup of the Dakelh (Carrier) but reside alongside and share governmental institutions with neighbouring communities of Tsilhqot'in as well as other Dakelh.
Notable Ulkatcho include Carey Price, hockey player, whose mother was the chief of the Ulkatcho First Nation, the band government of the Ulkachot'en.

</doc>
<doc id="9860016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860016" title="Mark Dolan">
Mark Dolan

Mark Dolan (born 17 March 1974) is an English comedian, writer and TV presenter. Dolan was born in Camden, North London. He lives in Highgate with his two sons and wife. He supports Tottenham Hotspur Football Club
Early life.
Attended the University of Edinburgh and performed in acclaimed improvised comedy troupe The Improverts.
Television.
He is well known as the host of Channel 4 show "Balls of Steel", which he has been presenting since it started in 2005. He is also the presenter of Channel 4 Radio’s satirical show "The Weekly Show", which is now in its second series, and the TV documentary series "The World's (Something) And Me", where he meets "the world's most extraordinary people", such as "The World's Hairiest Person" and "The World's Strongest Child". This series has proved popular and has aired three seasons of documentaries.
Dolan first came to the public's attention in 2002 after writing and performing in a Comedy Lab entitled "The Richard Taylor Interviews".
In 2006, Dolan helped launch More4 as the host of "The Last Word", a nightly topical discussion show.
Dolan has also fronted shows for E4, including its launch comedy series, "Show Me The Funny", and provides his voice as presenter of a new series for Five called "Urban Legends".
Dolan is currently the presenter for Sky Movies' weekly movie-news show "35mm" and Channel 4's "The Mad Bad Ad Show".
On 16 February 2013, Dolan took part in the fifth series of Let's Dance for Comic Relief as member of "Destiny's Dad" alongside fellow stand up comedians Hal Cruttenden and Shaun Keaveny.
Stand-up comedy.
Dolan started as a stand-up comedian in 2000, reaching the final of Channel 4’s "So You Think You're Funny" competition in his first year of performing. He currently has a Saturday night residency at Soho’s Amused Moose Comedy Club.
At the Edinburgh Festival Mark in 2006, Dolan performed his new one-man show "I’m Here To Help!", a format in which the audience submit their real problems at the start of the show, to be solved by Dolan, the rest of the audience, and his mother on the phone. "I’m Here To Help!" premiered at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 2007, at The Gilded Balloon.
Radio.
With a background in radio, Dolan has stayed close to the medium in which his career began. Alongside the aforementioned C4 radio show, Dolan is a regular presenter on LBC radio and BBC London, as well as being a panellist on a wide variety of Radio 4 comedy shows including "The Personality Test" and the "Jon Ronson Show".
Dolan has lent his voice to a range of television and radio programmes, including commercials. Dolan is currently developing "I'm Here To Help!" for TV, and recently finished the third series of "Balls of Steel".

</doc>
<doc id="9860033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860033" title="Norman Pannell">
Norman Pannell

Norman Alfred Pannell, FCIS (17 April 1901 – 8 March 1976) was a British finance manager and politician who became a Liverpool Conservative Party Member of Parliament. He was known as one of the strongest supporters of restrictions on immigration, but his campaign ended when he lost his seat in 1964.
Commercial life.
Pannell attended Sir George Monoux Grammar School in Walthamstow, but left at the age of 16 to go into business. He worked for various companies in London and Paris, before joining John Holt & Co (Liverpool) Ltd in 1930 as a district agent in Nigeria. He married Isabel Morris in 1932. In 1937 he was made a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Secretaries, and the next year accepted a promotion to coast inspector. Pannell served on the Nigerian Legislative Council from 1944.
Liverpool.
In 1945, he resigned from the Nigerian Legislative Council and moved to Liverpool where he was a finance manager for a firm of West African merchants and shipowners for five years. Pannell became involved with the Conservative Party in the city; at the 1951 general election he was Conservative candidate in Liverpool, and in 1952 was elected to Liverpool City Council. He was a governor of Liverpool Blue Coat School from 1953.
Election to Parliament.
Pannell was selected as Conservative candidate for the constituency of Liverpool Kirkdale at the 1955 general election, a marginal seat which was held by Labour. With the help of favourable boundary changes he won by 1,814 votes. As a backbench MP, Pannell specialised in Commonwealth issues; in May 1956 he initiated an adjournment debate in which he called attention to the effect on the British economy if newly independent colonies spent their sterling balances outside the sterling area. He welcomed political development in colonies such as Gold Coast, but called for constitutional safeguards to protect the economy and make it safe for investment.
Immigration issue.
Over the Suez crisis, Pannell supported the government and later opposed the policy of withdrawal from the canal zone; he was one of 14 (eight of whom had resigned the Conservative whip) to abstain on a vote endorsing the Government's policy in May 1957. Later that year he began a campaign to change the terms on which Commonwealth citizens were allowed to enter the United Kingdom, arguing that seventy percent of those convicted of living off immoral earnings in London were citizens of other Commonwealth countries or the Republic of Ireland. He came back to this issue after race riots in Nottingham in August 1958, calling also for general immigration control. However, he failed to persuade the Government and in April 1959, his amendment to the Street Offences Bill to allow deportation was rejected by 8 votes to 22 in Standing Committee. He successfully moved a motion at the 1958 Conservative Party conference to bring in immigration controls.
Pannell was on the board of the Ashanti Goldfields Corporation from December 1958. In April 1959 he initiated a debate on the status of smaller territories within the Commonwealth, calling for them not to be forced to adopt Parliamentary democracy because it allowed politicians "to play on the emotions of an immature electorate". He also pressed for the flying of the St George's flag from government buildings on St George's Day.
Further campaigning.
After re-election with an increased majority at the 1959 general election, Pannell became more involved on the issue of restricting immigration. In July 1960 he led a delegation to see Home Secretary R.A. Butler, calling for all immigrants to produce a certificate of good health and an assurance that they had a job to go to. In April 1961 he was a key mover in an amendment which unsuccessfully urged the reintroduction of corporal punishment for young offenders. His concern about the Commonwealth led him to oppose British entry to the Common Market when it was proposed in 1962.
Pannell introduced a Private Member's Bill in 1962 to end the right of Irish citizens to vote in United Kingdom elections, although it did not make progress. He did not back the Macmillan government over the Profumo Affair. He remained very active in calling for immigration restrictions, often linking the issue to unemployment and the crime rate. In April 1964 he called for the use of high pressure fire hoses to stop hooligans.
Defeat.
At the 1964 general election, Pannell lost his seat to Labour. He was keen to stand again to try to regain his position, and was mentioned as a possible Conservative candidate in the Birmingham Hall Green by-election in 1965, although this came to nothing. He was a joint author with Lord Brockway of "Immigration – What is the Answer?" in 1965, putting forward the case for restrictions while Brockway advocated allowing continued immigration.
Local politics.
In the event Pannell did not fight the 1966 general election, although he was re-elected to Liverpool City Council in 1967 and became Chairman of the Education Committee. He served three years; as he was living at Heswall on the Wirral Peninsula, he was elected to Cheshire County Council in 1970. When the Wirral became part of Merseyside, Pannell was elected to the Metropolitan County Council in 1973, and remained a member until his death three years later. He also has a school in Netherley Liverpool named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="9860040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860040" title="Wide Awake in Dreamland">
Wide Awake in Dreamland

Wide Awake in Dreamland is Pat Benatar's seventh studio album, and her eighth album overall, released in 1988. After a string of successful albums, this was her last rock-oriented album of the 1980s, before she would go on to try a blues-based sound. The album's lead single "All Fired Up" reached a high of No. 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and was the last of Benatar's singles to reach the "Billboard Hot 100". The album sold approximately 700,000 copies in the United States.
Background and writing.
The album was primarily recorded at Neil Giraldo's studio, with most of the songwriting by Giraldo and longtime drummer Myron Grombacher. Four of the tracks are also co-written with Benatar (who is credited as Pat Giraldo). One of the two songs from other songwriters was "Cerebral Man" written by Tully Winfield and well-known stick player Don Schiff. In an interview from 2002, Schiff recalled how this track was added to the album: "Tully Winfield and I demoed songs at what was becoming a very popular studio in LA (Woodcliff Studio)... we had just recorded "Cerebral Man". If I recall correctly the demo just had Tully's voice, stick and drums. Peter Coleman was producing Pat's next album for Chrysalis and happened to be the next session in and heard the tune. He asked if he could take the song to Pat Benatar and hopefully put it on her next album. Her camp liked it and they did a wonderful job with the song. I thought Tully and I would get a few more songs on that album as they liked the style of our song, but at the last minute she decided to go back to her more familiar rock style, leaving our song the only one stylistically like it on the album. "

</doc>
<doc id="9860042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860042" title="Dracula (pinball)">
Dracula (pinball)

Dracula is a 1979 pinball machine released by Stern Electronics. 

</doc>
<doc id="9860062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860062" title="Bruce Castor">
Bruce Castor

Bruce L. Castor, Jr. (born October 24, 1961) is an American lawyer and Republican politician from Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. Castor was District Attorney of Montgomery County from 2000 to 2008, when he took a seat on the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners, the elected position he currently holds. In addition to his governmental role, Castor is a partner in the Ardmore, PA based law firm of Rogers Castor LLC. He was exploring a bid for Governor of Pennsylvania in 2014 according to multiple reports, and a May 6, 2013 report in The Legal Intelligencer additionally mentioned Castor as a possible appointee to a vacant position on the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. Castor subsequently issued a public statement that he would not run for governor in 2014, but would accept the supreme court appointment if it was offered.
Tenure as Montgomery County District Attorney.
Castor became District Attorney in January 2000.
Attorney General Race.
Castor ran for the GOP nomination for Pennsylvania Attorney General in 2004 against Republican Tom Corbett. Furious that he had lost endorsements of the southeastern GOP chairmen, Castor attacked Corbett and the county chairmen with allegations of backroom deals with Bob Asher, the state's national GOP committeeman. Castor and Asher had feuded for several years and Asher's prior felony convictions for bribery, racketeering, and conspiracy in 1986 became a subject of the campaign.
Castor was unable to produce proof of any conspiracy against him and ran without the party endorsement in all but two counties, his home base in Montgomery County and Monroe County. Castor lost 52.8% to 47.2%, despite winning overwhelmingly the same southeastern counties whose chairmen had repudiated him, and his home in Montgomery County, where he took nearly 82.5% of the vote.
Private Practice.
When his term as District Attorney expired in January 2008, Castor took a position at the Blue Bell, PA based litigation firm of Elliott, Greenleaf & Siedzikowski as a shareholder and director. One of his notable clients included Marko Jaric of the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies who was accused of sexual assault in Philadelphia. Jaric was not charged in the case.On July 1, 2013, Castor joined the law firm of Rogers & Associates (subsequently renamed Rogers Castor) as a partner where he continues his litigation practice in Ardmore, PA with former Lower Merion Commissioner and former Republican state senate nominee, Lance Rogers.
Montgomery County Commissioner.
In 2007, Castor challenged incumbent County Commissioner Tom Ellis, a one-time friend who had chaired Castor's campaigns in 1999 and 2003 but endorsed Corbett in 2004. Early in the campaign, Castor commissioned a poll showing that Ellis, who had been hobbled by negative press surrounding an alleged domestic violence incident, would lose in a general election. Ellis released his own poll to try to refute Castor's charges that he was unelectable. In a six candidate field, Castor won the endorsement on the first ballot, but his preferred running mate, former State Representative Melissa Murphy Weber, was narrowly defeated by incumbent Jim Matthews on the second ballot. 
Initially, Castor was reluctant to run with Matthews saying he believed Matthews was "untrustworthy". However, amid widespread pressure that he would be splitting the party, Castor relented and ran with Matthews against former Democratic Congressman Joe Hoeffel and incumbent commissioner Ruth Damsker in the general election. During the campaign, some of Castor's earlier criticism of Matthews was raised by the Democrats, including financial support to Matthews from Bob Asher. Over Castor's objections, Matthews set up a separate campaign account from the Matthews/Castor account in order to collect contributions from Asher. On election day, Castor won, taking first place in the general election. His running mate placed third, giving the GOP control of the commission. This was the first time in at least 140 years that a Republican failed to capture both the first and the second spot. Castor and Matthews served with Hoeffel, who finished second. It was a rocky relationship with all Castor's earlier predictions about Matthews being "untrustworthy" coming true. Matthews and Hoeffel sided against Castor to set county policy. Castor responded by repeatedly making allegations of corruption against his fellow commissioners charging mismanagement of county finances, the hiring of unqualified people, and in the conduct of county business. A subsequent grand jury report found questionable behavior on Hoeffel's part for his participation in discussing county business at private breakfast meetings held with Matthews and senior aides–an alleged violation of state Sunshine laws. However, unlike Matthews, who was later alleged to have perjured himself while testifying to the grand jury, Hoeffel was never charged with criminal wrongdoing.
On November 8, 2011, Shapiro, Richards, and Castor were elected, marking the first time in county history Democrats controlled two of the three seats on the Board of Commissioners. Shapiro was elected Chairman unanimously on nomination from Castor. All three members of the commission later noted the improved level of civility and functionality on the board, with Castor expressing pride in working with Shapiro and Richards. The relationship amongst the three Commissioners later prompted one "Philadelphia Inquirer" columnist to note that she owed Castor an apology for considering his complaints about the prior county administration "sour grapes".Shapiro and Castor are both frequently mentioned as possible gubernatorial candidates, though each have said that they will not run in 2014 preferring to use their positions along with Richards to fix the problems left them by the prior administration. In public, the two men act as friendly rivals often lavishly complimenting one another tongue in cheek. Privately, it is rumored that Castor and Shapiro work to compromise all potentially partisan issues that come before the Board to avoid dissension and arrive at consensus. Each having to endure the complaints from their respective parties that they are "too cosy" as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="9860068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860068" title="Luciano Huck">
Luciano Huck

Luciano Huck (born São Paulo, September 3, 1971) is a Brazilian TV presenter. For the past twelve years, he has hosted “Caldeirão do Huck” (literally, Huck's Calderon), aired every Saturday by Brazilian network Rede Globo. The show tops all viewing ratings of its time slot and is broadcast to the entire Brazilian territory, as well as to 115 countries via Globo International. Twenty million people watch the show every week.
In 2009, Huck was the first Brazilian to have one million followers on Twitter, in only four months. Nowadays, 4.5 million people follow his tweets (@lucianohuck), and circa 5 million people have liked his Facebook page.
Luciano attended the University of São Paulo (USP) Law School.
Biography.
At 20, Luciano Huck worked as an intern at Brazilian advertising agency W/Brasil, run by adman Washington Olivetto. Together with friends, he also opened Cabral, a successful bar in São Paulo.
Luciano Huck was also an intern at advertising agencies DM9, run by Nizan Guanaes, and Talent.
At 22, Luciano Huck was invited by Fernão Lara Mesquita, director of newspaper Jornal da Tarde, to write a society page for the paper, entitled “Circulando” (literally, Circulating). Luciano Huck also started working on a show aired by radio network Rádio Jovem Pan.
Luciano Huck debuted on television in 1994, with a feature of TV show “Perfil”, with Otávio Mesquita.
At 24, his society page became a TV Show, also called Circulando, aired on network CNT Gazeta.
In September 1996 came his solo debut on TV, with TV show “H” on network Rede Bandeirantes de Televisão; Luciano Huck was also the host of radio show Torpedo, still on network Jovem Pan.
At 27, Luciano Huck left the newspaper to work full-time on TV show “H”.
Luciano Huck joined network Rede Globo in September 1999, to host Caldeirão do Huck.
On April 8, 2012, Caldeirão do Huck celebrates its twelfth year on air. 
Huck received the Prêmio Extra de Televisão award for Best TV Host for six consecutive years, accolade organized by Rio de Janeiro newspaper Extra, similar to the People’s Choice Awards (2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007 and 2006). In turn, Caldeirão do Huck received the same award, as Best Variety Show, for nine years (2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003), including an Outstanding Award for feature Soletrando (a type of Spelling Bee contest) in 2007. 
In addition, Huck stars in several TV ads for top companies such as P&G, Coca-Cola and Brazilian bank Itaú.
Luciano Huck is the founder and chairman of Instituto Criar de TV, Cinema e Novas Mídias an NGO whose mission is to promote youth professional, social and personal development by means of filmmaking. Established in 2004, 1,150 youths have been a part of its educational program.
Thanks to Instituto Criar, Luciano Huck was one of the nominees of the Premio Empreendedor Social 2007 a social entrepreneurism award given by newspaper Folha de S.Paulo and Fundação Schwab, whose purpose is to identify leaders of cooperatives, social companies (from the private sector, and which distribute profit to help society), NGOs and individuals that develop innovative and sustainable ideas for collective benefit. 
In 2011, Luciano Huck was honored in the IX Brazil Foundation Annual Gala held in New York for his important contribution to the third sector with Instituto Criar.
In 2011, he dubbed Flynn Rider in the animation feature film "Tangled" (released in Brazil only, in 2011).
On December 2, 2012 Lucian Huck was caught drinking and driving. He refused to take the breathalyzer test.
Social Networks.
In 2009, Huck was the first Brazilian to have one million followers on Twitter, in only four months. Nowadays, 5.9 million people follow his tweets (@LucianoHuck), and over 11 million people have liked his Facebook page.

</doc>
<doc id="9860085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860085" title="Tuscan Dairy Farms">
Tuscan Dairy Farms

Tuscan Dairy Farms is a dairy based in the New York metropolitan area, owned by Dean Foods.
Founded in 1918 by Louis Borinsky, Tuscan Dairy Farms was begun as a family-run distribution operation, delivering dairy products door to door on routes throughout Union and Essex counties in New Jersey.
Tuscan Dairy Farms produces fluid milk and dairy by-products which are available to supermarkets, general wholesale, and food service outlets throughout the Northeastern United States.
Tuscan Dairy Farms reached internet phenomenon status on August 9, 2006, when The New York Times published an article relating to users of YTMND.com leaving humorous reviews on a gallon of "Tuscan Whole Milk" available on Amazon.com.

</doc>
<doc id="9860087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860087" title="Niigata Comic Market">
Niigata Comic Market

The Niigata Comic Market, commonly known as , is a bimonthly dōjinshi comic book convention held in Niigata city in Japan. It is currently held at either Toki Messe or the Niigata-shi Sangyou Shinkou Center. It was first held in 1983, and between 7,000 and 10,000 people regularly attend each event. It is the largest dōjinshi comic market held on the Sea of Japan side of Japan.
History.
After the Gataket secretariat inauguration in September 1982, the first Niigata Comic Market took place in January 1983. It had 46 direct participation circles and nine consignment participation circles.
On 14 November 1999, Gataket50 took place. Radio actor Tomokazu Seki and Miki Nagasawa were invited in the event that commemorated the 50th holding and the toque event was held. Gataket100 took place in on 31 August 2008, featuring Radio actor Shūichi Ikeda and Tōru Furuya.
Comic market that relates to Niigata Comic Market.
Gataket Special.
Gataket where Cosplay is prohibited.
Cosplay Gataket.
Gataket which is only of circles that relates to Cosplay.
Gataket in Nagaoka.
Literary coterie magazine spot sale association held in Niigata Prefecture Nagaoka City. Nagaoka version of Gataket. It is chiefly held in Hive Nagaoka.
Gataket & Okaket.
Comic market held in Niigata Prefecture Nagaoka City. Nagaoka version of Niigata Comic Market. 
It is held at Hive Nagaoka.
Niigata COMITIA.
Niigata version of COMITIA.[http://gataket.com/comitia/] The Gataket secretariat has held it.
It is held in an inside Toki Messe conference room or main hall twice a year, especially April and September.<br>
Gataket shop.
There is a dōjinshi and painting materials shop that the Gataket secretariat manages in downtown Niigata.
Niigata Manga Competition.
The is a Manga contest held annually in Niigata City every September. It is sponsored by the Niigata Manga Competition planning committee. It is jointly sponsored by the Niigata Comic Market, the city of Niigata, and the Japan Animation and Manga College, a local vocational school in Niigata city. It has been held every year since 1998. It is unique because of the rarity of a local municipal government sponsoring a manga competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9860096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860096" title="Robert Drasnin">
Robert Drasnin

Robert Drasnin (born 17 November 1927) is a composer and clarinet player.
Robert Drasnin was born on 17 November 1927 in Charleston, West Virginia. At an early age Drasnin was interested in the Clarinet so he took lessons but when his family moved to Los Angeles he wasn't to start until 1938. He attended Franklin Avenue Grammar School in East Hollywood and then Thomas Starr King Junior High and eventually Los Angeles High School in which he joined the American Federation of Musicians. Drasnin went into the Army after graduation.
Career.
Robert Drasnin spent the vast majority of his career in music composing for films and television shows. He composed or supervised scores for well over 100 films and TV shows.
In 1955 Drasnin scored the film "One Way Ticket To Hell". Drasnin later went on to score incidental music for such notable TV shows as "The Twilight Zone", "Mission: Impossible", "Wild, Wild West", "Hawaii Five-0", "Time Tunnel", "Lost In Space", "Mannix", "The Man From U.N.C.L.E." and "Voyage To The Bottom of the Sea".
Robert Drasnin served as music supervisor for such TV shows as "Gunsmoke", "Wagon Train", "The Twilight Zone" and a host of made for TV movies.
In 1959 Robert Drasnin received his M.A. in Music from U.C.L.A in Los Angeles. That same year, while working at Tops Records, Drasnin was approached by David Pell, the head of the label, to create an Exotica album. Pell wanted a record that would cash in on the popularity of the Exotica genre made popular by Martin Denny and Arthur Lyman. Drasnin created 12 original compositions and would spend the later part of 1959 recording the record. Among the musical personnel was a young pianist by the name of John Williams who would later go on to score such notable films as Star Wars and Jaws. The LP was released on Tops/Mayfair records in both mono and stereo versions. The cover artwork for the LP featured a photo of a woman in a leopard print bikini dancing as two loin cloth-clad men play bongos in a dark jungle-like setting, bathed in red light. The original cover art was not used in the two different compact disc reissues of the album.
In 1977 he became Director of Music for the CBS Network.
In 2002, three selections from the 1959 "Voodoo" album were used in the soundtrack for the documentary film "Cinemania": "Desire", "Jardine de la Noche" and "Chant of the Moon".
In 2005 Robert Drasnin was invited to perform at The Hukilau—a 3-day Hawaiian/Tiki festival in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. A 16-piece orchestra was assembled for the performance. The show consisted of selections from his 1959 album "Voodoo" as well as new Exotica-styled music that he composed after "Voodoo". These new pieces would form the basis of the "Voodoo II" album, released in 2007.
In 2007 Robert Drasnin recorded and released "Voodoo II", a follow-up album to his 1950 recording "Voodoo". The initial recording was made in February, 2007, at Pierce College in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, California. The orchestra was recorded live to multi-track digital hard disc using Digital Performer recording software and Mark of the Unicorn (MOTU) digital interfaces. The CD was produced by Skip Heller and released on Dionysus records in June 2007. Immediately following the release of "Voodoo II", Robert Drasnin again performed at the Florida, Hukilau event with a 16-piece orchestra. The 2007 performance comprised compositions from both the "Voodoo" and "Voodoo II" releases.
Personal life.
Robert Drasnin has been married to the former Marlene Waters since 1956. They have three children: Morgen, Jennifer, and a son Michael.
Television Scores (partial).
"Episode(s)" denotes the listing may be incomplete.

</doc>
<doc id="9860099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860099" title="Palaeoctopus">
Palaeoctopus

Palaeoctopus newboldi was a primitive octopod that lived in the Late Cretaceous, approximately 89 to 71 million years ago. Fossil material assigned to this species originates from the Mount Hajoula region in Lebanon. The holotype was found below the Old Covent, Sahel-el-Alma, Mount Lebanon and is deposited at the Natural History Museum in London. It might belong to the Cirrina or be more basal in the Octopoda. Specimens from the Turonian of Mexico transpired to in fact be part of a coelacanth.
A separate species, P. pelagicus, is known from the Early Turonian of Vallecino.

</doc>
<doc id="9860110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860110" title="Hermann Wilbrand">
Hermann Wilbrand

Hermann Wilbrand (May 22, 1851 – 1935) was a German ophthalmologist born in Giessen. Wilbrand's father and grandfather were also physicians. 
In 1875 he earned his doctorate at the University of Strassburg, and afterwards was an assistant to Ludwig Laqueur (1839-1909) at Strassburg and to Carl Friedrich Richard Förster (1825-1902) at Breslau. Later he moved to Hamburg, where he became head of the department of ophthalmology at Allgemeines Hospital in 1905.
Wilbrand specialized in the field of neuro-ophthalmology and did extensive research involving the pathology and physiology of the eye. He demonstrated that homonymous hemianopsia was caused by lesions in the occipital lobe and optic radiation as well as the optic tract. 

</doc>
<doc id="9860114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860114" title="Palaeoctopodidae">
Palaeoctopodidae

The Palaeoctopodidae are a family of stem-group octopods known from the late Cretaceous.

</doc>
<doc id="9860119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860119" title="Baltic Cup (figure skating)">
Baltic Cup (figure skating)

Baltic Cup is a figure skating competition held in Poland. In some years, it has been held as part of the ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit. In years when it is not part of the Junior Grand Prix, it is held as an independent international competition at the junior and novice levels. 

</doc>
<doc id="9860121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860121" title="The Division of Labour in Society">
The Division of Labour in Society

The Division of Labour in Society () is the doctoral dissertation of French sociologist Émile Durkheim, published in 1893. It was influential in advancing sociological theories and thought, with ideas which in turn were influenced by Auguste Comte. Durkheim described how social order was maintained in societies based on two very different forms of solidarity (mechanical and organic), and the transition from more "primitive" societies to advanced industrial societies.
Durkheim suggested that in a "primitive" society, "mechanical solidarity", with people acting and thinking alike and with a collective or common conscience, is what allows social order to be maintained. In such a society, Durkheim viewed crime as an act that "offends strong and defined states of the collective conscience" though he viewed crime as a normal social fact. Because social ties were relatively homogeneous and weak throughout society, the law had to be repressive and penal, to respond to offences of the common conscience.
In an advanced, industrial, capitalist society, the complex division of labor means that people are allocated in society according to merit and rewarded accordingly: social inequality reflects natural inequality. Durkheim argued that moral regulation was needed, as well as economic regulation, to maintain order (or "organic solidarity") in society with people able to "compose their differences peaceably". In this type of society, law would be more restitutive than penal, seeking to restore rather than punish excessively.
He thought that transition of a society from "primitive" to advanced may bring about major disorder, crisis, and anomie. However, once society has reached the "advanced" stage, it becomes much stronger and is done developing. Unlike Karl Marx, Durkheim did not foresee any different society arising out of the industrial capitalist division of labour. He regards conflict, chaos, and disorder as pathological phenomena to modern society, whereas Marx highlights class conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="9860125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860125" title="Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District">
Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District

The Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District (MTD) is a public transit agency providing bus service in the southern portion of Santa Barbara County, California. It serves the cities of Santa Barbara, Carpinteria, and Goleta as well as the unincorporated areas of Montecito,
Summerland, and Isla Vista.
Limited commuter service is provided to Ventura through the Coastal Express Limited
History.
Mule-powered street railways were implemented in 1875 and were gradually replaced by electric streetcars in 1896. The streetcars made their last run on July 1, 1929; about a month later, the Santa Barbara Transit Corporation company started providing local bus service (H.A. Spreitz, its owner, already operated another bus company that served the suburban areas of Goleta and Carpinteria.
In the late 1950s and 60s, Santa Barbara Transit was losing revenue, and repeatedly threatened to go out of business.
Strikes were also a problem, as the company could not afford to pay its employees.
At first, the City of Santa Barbara considered subsidizing the transit company, but since service was needed to Carpinteria and Goleta as well, a transit district was thought to be a better choice, because it would also be able to levy taxes on separately.
Voters approved the formation of the MTD in 1966.
However, since the new district had no funds, bus service didn't start until 1967. 
Over the years, service has expanded, particularly on routes serving the University of California, Santa Barbara and Santa Barbara City College. Bus schedules were being distributed from 1983 onwards.
In August 2012 MTD implemented peak-hour commuter service (Coastal Express Limited) between Ventura and the Santa Barbara/Goleta area.
Routes.
All routes serving Downtown Santa Barbara begin and end at the Transit Center
Route 1: Westside.
This route serves Carrillo and San Andres on the west side of Santa Barbara. At the transit center, most Route 1 buses become Route 2.
Route 2: Eastside.
This route runs to East Santa Barbara via Anapamu and Milpas. Interlined with Route 1.
Route 3: Oak Park.
Operates between the Downtown Transit Center and La Cumbre Plaza via De La Vina (outbound) or Bath (inbound), Las Positas, and State St. Also serves Cottage Hospital
Routes 4 and 5: Mesa.
Route 5 operates between the Downtown Transit Center and La Cumbre Plaza via Cliff and Las Positas. Route 4 is a loop that operates between Santa Barbara City College and the Transit Center via Carillo and Cliff.
Serves Santa Barbara City College.
Route 6: State/Hollister/Goleta.
This route serves State Street in Santa Barbara and Hollister Ave. in Goleta. Becomes Line 11 at Storke/Hollister, where it returns to the Downtown Transit Center via UCSB
Route 8: Calle Real.
Operates between Downtown Goleta (Hollister/Pine) and La Cumbre Plaza via Calle Real. Provides service to the County Health Care Services complex. Weekday trips are extended to Downtown Santa Barbara via US-101.
Route 10: Cathedral Oaks.
Provides service between Hollister/Storke and La Cumbre Plaza via Cathedral Oaks. Limited service is provided (early morning and afternoon)
Route 11: State/Hollister/UCSB.
Like Route 6, starts from Downtown SB and continues via State Hollister, but then turns south on Fairview to serve the Santa Barbara Airport , University of California, Santa Barbara, and the Camino Real Marketplace, where it becomes Route 6 back towards downtown
Together with Route 6, Route 11 forms the trunk of the SBMTD system.
Route 12x: State/Hollister/UCSB Express.
Uses the US-101 Freeway between Downtown Santa Barbara and Downtown Goleta, then continues on Hollister to Storke, where it interlines with Route 24.
Route 14: Montecito.
Route 14 connects Downtown Santa Barbara and the Eastside (Milpas St) with Montecito, looping via Olive Mill, San Ysidro, Sheffield and North Jameson.
Route 15x: SBCC/UCSB Express.
This route does double duty, serving Isla Vista commuters to Santa Barbara City College, then looping via the Mesa area (Cliff/Meigs) for passengers going to UCSB. No service is provided when either school is not in session.
Route 16: City College Shuttle.
Provides a quick trip between Downtown and the City College. Not in operation when SBCC is not in session.
Route 17: Westside/City College.
Connects Downtown Santa Barbara with SBCC via San Pascual.
Route 19: School Boosters.
Several short routes serving area schools. These typically provide one round trip per schoolday. These routes are open to the general public.
Route 20: Carpinteria.
Local service between Downtown Santa Barbara and Carpinteria via Eastside Santa Barbara, US-101 and Via Real. Also serves Coast Village Road and southern Montecito. It is the only bus that runs through Summerland.
Route 21x: Carpinteria Express.
Like Route 20 above, but runs nonstop on US-101 between Downtown Santa Barbara and Carpinteria (no service to Montecito or Summerland). Peak hour weekday service, and some limited weekend service as well.
Route 22: Old Mission.
Serves the Santa Barbara Mission from Downtown, via Anapamu and Garden. On weekends, serves the Santa Barbara Botanic Garden on request (a callbox is available for passengers wanting bus service from the Garden)
Route 23: Winchester Canyon.
From the Camino Real Marketplace to the Winchester Canyon residential area north of US-101. Route 23 trips change to Route 25 trips at Hollister/Sandpiper and return to the Camino Real Marketplace via Hollister and Storke.
Route 24x: UCSB Express.
Nonstop service between Downtown Santa Barbara and UCSB, then via Isla Vista and Storke to Hollister, where it interlines with Route 12x. Additional service is provided when UCSB is in session.
Route 25: Ellwood.
From the Camino Real Marketplace to Hollister/Storke. Route 25 trips change to Route 23 trips at Hollister/Sandpiper and return to the Camino Real Marketplace via the Winchester Canyon residential area north of US-101, and Storke.
Route 27: UCSB Shuttle.
Provides additional service between UCSB and Hollister/Storke when UCSB is in session.
Seaside Shuttle.
Loops around Carpinteria, with service provided to the northern areas of the city, as well as to the beach. Connects with Route 20 and 21x.
Downtown Waterfront Shuttle.
This is actually two routes. The Downtown route runs along State Street between Stearns Wharf and Sola St, near the Arlington Theater. The Waterfront route operates along Cabrillo between Santa Barbara Harbor and the Santa Barbara Zoo.
This route is partially subsidized by the City of Santa Barbara, and a reduced fare is charged.
Crosstown Shuttle.
The Crosstown Shuttle operates between the Westside and Eastside via Micheltorena, Chapala (eastbound) or Anacapa (westbound) and Cota. The City of Santa Barbara sponsors this service.
Calle Real/Old Town Shuttle.
Provides shuttle service between Old Town Goleta (Hollister) and the shopping areas on Calle Real, just north of the US-101 Freeway.
Coastal Express Limited.
A weekday only commuter bus system linking Ventura with Goleta, and Santa Barbara funded in part by two freeway construction projects. There are currently four round trips provided; going to Santa Barbara in the morning and coming back to Ventura in the evening. These routes use comfortable over-the-road coaches.
Fares.
UCSB and SBCC students with current registration card stickers ride for free during school terms.

</doc>
<doc id="9860126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860126" title="Goldenrod (disambiguation)">
Goldenrod (disambiguation)

Goldenrod can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9860135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860135" title="Clearwater Mountains">
Clearwater Mountains

The Clearwater Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains, located in the panhandle of Idaho in the Western United States. The mountains lie between the Salmon River and the Bitterroot Range and encompass an area of .
Subranges.
North Clearwater Mountains.
The North Clearwater Mountains is the northernmost and shortest subrange. The subrange is in area. Only two of its peaks — the Pot Mountain and the Black Mountain — rise above .
Selway Crags.
The Selway Crags lie between the North and South Clearwaters both in latitude and mean elevation. The Selway Crags encompass and its two highest peaks are the Grave Peak and the McConnell Mountain.
South Clearwater Mountains.
The South Clearwater Mountains is the southernmost and tallest subrange, with 6 peaks above . The South Clearwaters encompass and its two highest peaks are the Stripe Mountain and the Salmon Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="9860136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860136" title="Alexander Driagin">
Alexander Driagin

Alexander Driagin (born May 24, 1972) is a Bandy player who currently plays for Sandvikens AIK as a midfielder. Alexander was brought up by Severskij Trubnik. Alexander played for the Russian national bandy team in the 1994/95 season but now plays for the Kazakhstanian national bandy team, who he made his debut for in the 2002/03 season.
Alexander has played for several clubs.
His list of clubs are as follows-

</doc>
<doc id="9860173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860173" title="Princess Vera Constantinovna of Russia">
Princess Vera Constantinovna of Russia

Princess Vera Constantinovna of Russia,also as Vera Konstantinovna (; 24 April 1906 – 11 January 2001), was the youngest child of Grand Duke Konstantine Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mavrikievna. A great-granddaughter of Tsar Nicholas I of Russia, she was born in the Russian Empire and was a childhood playmate of the younger children of Emperor Nicholas II of Russia. She lost much of her family during World War I and the Russian Revolution. At age twelve, she escaped revolutionary Russia, fleeing with her mother and brother George to Sweden. She spent the rest of her long life in exile, first in Western Europe and from the 1950s in the United States.
Early life.
Princess Vera Konstantinovna of Russia was born at Pavlovsk on 24 April 1906. She was the youngest child among the nine children of Grand Duke Constantine Constantinovich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mavrikievna, born Princess Elizabeth of Saxe-Altenburg. She was going to be named Marianne in honor of her mother's favorite sister, Princess Marie Anne of Saxe-Altenburg, but her paternal aunt Grand Duchess Vera Constantinovna of Russia insisted that her niece should be named after her. Her godparents were her brother Prince Constantine Constantinovich of Russia and Empress Alexandra Feodorovna. Vera Constantinovna spent her first years in fabulous splendour during the last period of Imperial Russia. Her father, a respected poet, was a second cousin of Tsar Nicholas II.
Princess Vera was eight years old when Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria was assassinated and World War I broke out, in the summer of 1914. Vera was with her parents and her brother George in Germany visiting her maternal relatives in Altenburg at the start of the war. The conflict took them by surprise, trapping them in Germany, an enemy country. It was thanks to the intervention of the German Empress, Augusta Viktoria of Schleswig-Holstein that they were allowed to return to Russia. Vera’s older siblings joined the Russian army in the military effort, and her favorite brother Oleg was killed in action. She was considered too young and was not allowed to attend her brother's funeral. Her brother’s death was just the first of many family misfortunes.
The following year, her father died of a heart attack in her presence. In a letter to her brother, she later described how she was sitting with her father in his study, when Grand Duke Constantine Constantinovich began gasping. Princess Vera managed to push open a heavy door between her parents' studies, pushing aside several heavy plants that stood in front of the door, and ran to her mother crying that her father couldn't breathe. Her mother ran after her, but the grand duke had already died.
Revolution.
After the death of her father, in 1916, Vera moved with her mother and her brother George to the Marble Palace in Petrograd, leaving Pavlovsk to her eldest brother Prince Ivan Konstantinovich. During the chaotic rule of the Provisional Government, and after the October Revolution, Princess Vera, her mother, and her brother George, remained at Pavlovsk. For a time, they lived a precarious existence, and her mother was forced to secretly sell family heirlooms to provide for the family. They stayed in the palace until the summer of 1918, when the revolution forced them to leave it and to take an apartment in the city.
During the Russian revolution, four of Vera’s brothers were imprisoned by the Bolsheviks. Only Prince Gabriel was eventually released. Three of her brothers (Ivan, Constantine and Igor) were killed at Alapaevsk, along with other Romanov relatives, in July 1918.
Initially, Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mavrikievna was reluctant to leave Russia remembering her late husband's words, that if Russia was in need, it was a Romanov's duty to help. However, with their situation becoming increasingly dangerous, she accepted an offer made by her friend, Queen Victoria of Sweden, through the Swedish Ambassador Brandstrem, to travel to Sweden.
From Kronstadt twelve-year-old Princess Vera escaped to Sweden aboard the Swedish vessel "Ångermanland" in October 1918 with her mother, her brother George, and her young nephew, (Prince Teymuraz Constantinovich) and niece (Princess Natalia Konstantinovna Bagration-Mukhransky) when they were permitted by the Bolsheviks to be taken by ship to Sweden, via Tallinn to Helsinki and via Mariehamn to Stockholm, at the invitation of Queen Victoria of Sweden. At Stockholm harbor, they met Prince Gustaf Adolf, who took them to the royal palace.
Exile.
Princess Vera lived with her mother and her brother George for the next two years in Sweden, first in Stockholm and then in Saltsjöbaden. As Sweden proved too expensive to live in, Elizabeth Mavrikievna wrote a letter to Albert I of Belgium, asking him to allow them to move to his country. In 1920 they relocated to Brussels were they were frequently ill. In 1922, Vera's uncle, Duke Ernest II of Saxe-Altenburg invited them to move to Germany. Elizabeth Mavrikievna settled in the ancestral castle of her family near Leipzig, in the small town of Altenburg. Princess Vera followed her mother half a year later after spending sometime in Oberstdorf in the Allgäu region of the Bavarian Alps recuperating from tuberculosis.
Her mother died of cancer on 24 March 1927 in Leipzig. Left alone and without sufficient means of subsistence, Vera Constantinovna moved to Bavaria, with friends and shortly after relocated to London with her brother George. When two years later, George moved to the United States, she returned to Altenburg. Princess Vera lived there for thirty years. Prince George died in New York City in 1938. Princess Vera lived in Germany through the difficult years of World War II. During the War, she worked as a translator in a camp for prisoners of war. But German officials soon removed her from that position because she had tried to help fellow prisoners.
For many years, as she later recalled, she was haunted by the events of the Revolution. "I used to have the same dream, as if I stood with my back to a pit and they were going to shoot me...my awakening was not less terrible than the dream itself, because I was constantly afraid to open my eyes and see that they had really come to take me to the execution ".
At the end of World War II, in early 1945, American troops arrived in Altenburg. On hearing that, according to the Potsdam Conference, Altenburg was going to be part of the zone of Soviet occupation, Princess Vera fled on foot. With her cousin, Prince Ernst-Friedrich Saxe-Altenburg, she had to walk 240 kilometers in 12 days, fleeing the advancing Soviet troops. Once safe, Princess Vera settled in Hamburg on 5 January 1946. Until 1949 she worked as a translator in the British branch of the Red Cross and later in the DP Medical Center. When this one was closed, she worked at the reception in another British institution. She belonged to no country, as she only had an ambiguous Nansen passport, which gave her the ability to travel but no protections of statehood. Despite this, she refused to take the protection offered to her by various European countries, considering herself Russian. " I didn't leave Russia", she once declared, " Russia left me "
Last years.
In 1951 she moved to the United States, where her main activity was to work for the Tolstoy Foundation, which provided aid to Russians in need. For the next decades she lived in New York, and was very active in charities. In November 1952 Vera Constantinovna became involved in the work of the Society of Russian aid for children abroad, she continued her work there until 1969. At the same time, she assisted in the care of the needs of the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad. She retired in April 1971. She regarded some of the émigré community, and some of their pretensions, with skepticism. She did not have the nostalgic idyll of many émigrés, but rather the memories of her childhood and her lost family. The constant stream of visitors she regarded with some amusement and found rather trying. She did not care for those who would speak in awe-struck tones of the late Imperial family; she would often relate stories of their humanness and misbehavior. For her, the children of the last Tsar remained her childhood playmates, not distant figures for adoration. She also regarded the canonization of the Romanovs, including her brothers and uncle, as a puzzling, peculiar move by the Church. Princess Vera wrote four short articles about her life for a magazine ""Kadetskaya pereklichka"" published by Union of the Russian Kadets in New York in 1972.
Princess Vera retained a certain aura of living history, being the last surviving member of the Romanov family who could remember Imperial Russia. Her two brothers and sister who managed to escape Russia all predeceased her. Prince Gabriel died in 1955, leaving no heirs, as did her brother Prince George, the victim of an early death at the age of 33 in 1938. Her sister, Princess Tatiana, eventually took holy orders and became an Orthodox Nun. She died in Jerusalem in 1979.
Princess Vera died at the Tolstoy Foundation's elderly care home in Valley Cottage, New York, on 11 January 2001, at the age of 95. She was buried next to her brother Prince Georgy Konstantinovich at the cemetery of the Russian Orthodox Monastery of Novo-Diveevo in Nanuet, New York. Of all the members of the Romanov family in Imperial Russia, only her niece Princess Catherine Ivanovna outlived her. Princess Vera never married and left no children. In the spring of 2007 the Pavlovsk Palace, where she was born, held an exhibit about her and her family, commemorating what would have been her 101st birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="9860178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860178" title="Neil Bell (actor)">
Neil Bell (actor)

Neil Bell (born 2 March 1969 in Oldham, Lancashire, England) is an English actor, mainly on UK TV and in occasional films.
Bell studied drama at Oldham College and has played character roles in such TV series as "Buried", "Shameless", "Murphy's Law", "Ideal", "City Lights", "The Bill" and "Casualty", and the films "24 Hour Party People" (2002) and "Dead Man's Shoes" (2004). He also had a small role in the acclaimed TV series "State of Play", playing the colleague of Polly Walker's character. He has recently had a main role in "The Bill" playing the role of a killer. In 2010 he had a role in the ITV comedy-drama "Married Single Other". Another recent programme he has been in is "Coronation Street", where he played Billy, and in 2012, he had a regular role in "Downton Abbey", as Durrant.
He also in 2007 directed a play at the Contact Theatre in Manchester, entitled "Fair".

</doc>
<doc id="9860179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860179" title="Lord Ronald Gower">
Lord Ronald Gower

Lord Ronald Charles Sutherland-Leveson-Gower (2 August 1845 – 9 March 1916), known as Lord Ronald Gower, was a Scottish aristocrat, Liberal politician, sculptor and writer.
Biography.
The youngest son of the 2nd Duke of Sutherland and the former Lady Harriet Howard, daughter of the 6th Earl of Carlisle, he was educated at Eton and at Trinity College, Cambridge.
He was a Liberal Member of Parliament for Sutherland from 1867–1874, and was succeeded as MP by his nephew Cromartie, Marquess of Stafford (the elder surviving son of his eldest brother the 3rd Duke of Sutherland). He was a Trustee of the National Portrait Gallery, and of the Birthplace and Shakespeare Memorial Building at Stratford-on-Avon.
Creative work.
A sculptor, he also published a number of works on the fine arts. His most important sculpture was the statue of Shakespeare and four of his principal characters, erected in Stratford-upon-Avon. He also created a sculpture depicting Marie Antoinette on her way to the scaffold and another of a member of the Old Guard at Waterloo.
He also wrote biographies of Marie Antoinette and Joan of Arc, and a history of the Tower of London.
Personal life.
He never married, and was well known among the homosexual community of the time. Oscar Wilde's story "The Portrait of Mr. W. H." has been interpreted as a comment on Gower's social circle, and Gower is generally identified as the model for Lord Henry Wotton in "The Picture of Dorian Gray". In 1879 hints of his homosexual liaisons published in the journal "Man of the World" led Gower to sue the paper, but later in the year the Prince of Wales sent him a letter accusing him of being "a member of an association for unnatural practices", to which Gower wrote an angry reply. John Addington Symonds, who stayed with him once, stated that Gower "saturates one's spirit in Urningthum of the rankest most diabolical kind".
Gower's most notable lover was the journalist Frank Hird, a relationship that lasted to the end of his life. Gower adopted Hird as his son, leading Wilde to remark on one occasion, "Frank may be seen, but not Hird."

</doc>
<doc id="9860186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860186" title="GTD-5 EAX">
GTD-5 EAX

The GTD-5 EAX (General Telephone Digital Number 5 Electronic Automatic Exchange) is the Class 5 telephone switch developed by GTE Automatic Electric Laboratories. This digital central office telephone circuit switching system is used in the former GTE service areas and by many smaller telecommunications service providers.
History.
The GTD-5 EAX first appeared in Banning, California on June 26, 1982, slowly replacing the electromechanical systems still in use in the independent switch market at that time. The GTD-5 EAX was also used as a Class 4 telephone switch or as a mixed Class 4/5 in markets too small for a GTD-3 EAX or 4ESS switch. The GTD-5 EAX was also exported internationally, and manufactured outside of the U.S. under license, primarily in Canada, Belgium and Italy. By 1988, it had 4% of the worldwide switching market, with an installed base of 11,000,000 subscriber lines.
GTE Automatic Electric Laboratories became GTE Network Systems and later GTE Communication Systems. In 1989, GTE sold partial ownership of its switching division to AT&T, forming AG Communication Systems. AG Communication Systems eventually fell under the ownership of Lucent Technologies, and was dissolved as a separate corporate entity in 2003.
Architecture.
Processor complexes.
The processing building block of the GTD-5 EAX was the "processor complex". These were each assigned a specific function within the overall switch design. In the original generation, Intel 8086 processors were used. These were replaced by NEC V30s (an 80186 instruction set compatible processor with 8086 pinout implemented in CMOS and somewhat faster than the 8086 due to internal improvements) in the second generation, and ultimately by 80386 processors. 
The APC was responsible for the craft interface to the system, administration of status control for all hardware devices, Recent Change, billing, and overall administration.
The TPC was responsible for call sequence and state control. It received signalling inputs collected from peripheral processors (see MXU, RLU, RSU, and TCU below) and sent control information back to the peripheral processors.
This term referred collectively to the APC and TPCs. Physically, this distinction made little sense, but was important from a software compilation standpoint. Since the APC and TPC processors shared a large memory-mapped space, some stages of compilation were performed in common.
The TCU was responsible for a group of Facility Interface Units (FIUs). Each FIU was responsible for connecting the system to a particular class of physical connection: analog lines in the Analog Line FIU (and its successor, the Extended Line FIU); analog trunks in the Analog Trunk FIU; and digital carrier in the Digital Trunk FIU and its successor, the EDT FIU. Unlike the SM in the competitive 5ESS Switch, the TCUs did not perform all call processing functions, but limited themselves to digit collection and signalling interpretation.
The RSU was similar to the TCU, but had a network capable of local switching, and could process calls locally when links to the base unit were severed.
The RLU was a condensed version of the RSU, with no local switching capability and limited line capacity.
The MXU was actually a Lenkurt 914E Subscriber Loop Carrier. When integrated with the GTD-5 EAX, it used a custom software load that permitted message communication with the remainder of the system.
Internal communication.
Most communication within the GTD-5 was performed via direct memory-mapped I/O. The APC and each TPC were each connected to three common memory units. These common memory units each contained 16 megabytes of memory which were allocated to shared data structures, both dynamic structures related to dynamic call data and static (protected) data related to the office database. The APC, TPC, and TCUs all connected to a smaller shared memory, the Message Distribution Circuit(MDC). This was an 8k word 96 port memory that was used to place small packetized messages into software defined queues. The MXU, RLU, and RSU were all sufficiently far from the base unit that they could not participate in the shared memory based communication directly. A special circuit pack, the Remote Data Link Controller (RDLC) was installed in the DT-FIU of the remote unit and its host TCU. This allowed a serial communication link over a dedicated timeslot of a DS1 carrier. The host TCU was responsible for forwarding messages from the remote unit through the MDC.
Network.
Two generations of network were available on the GTD-5. The latter network was made available sometime around 2000, but its characteristics are not described in public documentation. The network described in the article is the original network, available from 1982 until approximately 2000.
The GTD-5 EAX ran on a Time-Space-Time (TST) topology. Each TCU contained two timeswitches (TSWs) with a total capacity of 1544 timeslots: 772 in the originating time switch and 772 in the terminating time switch. Four FIUs of 193 timeslots each were connected to the TSW. Trunking FIUs connected 192 timeslots of facility (eight DS1 carriers or 192 individual analog trunks). The original Analog Line FIU had a 768 line capacity with one codec per line. The digital output of the 768 codecs was concentrated to 192 timeslots before presentation to the timeswitch, a 4:1 concentration. In the later 1980s, higher capacity line frames of 1172 and 1536 lines became available, allowing for higher concentration ratios of 6:1 and 8:1. 
The Space Switch (SSW) was under the control of the TPCs and APC, which accessed it via the Space Interface Controller (SIC). The SSW was divided into eight Space Switch Units (SSUs). Each SSU could switch all 772 channels between 32 TCUs. The first 32 TCUs connected in sequential order to the first two SSUs. Connecting the two SSUs in parallel this way provided the doubling of network capacity required in a CLOS network. When the system grew beyond 32 TCUs, an additional 6 SSUs were added. Two of these SSUs connected to TCU32-TCU63 in a manner directly analogous to the first two SSUs. Two connected the inputs from TCU0-TCU31 to the output of TCU32-TCU63, while the final two connected the outputs of TCU32-TCU63 to the input of TCU0-TCU31.
The GTD-5, unlike its contemporaries, did not make extensive use of serial line technology. Network communication was based on a 12-bit parallel PCM word carried over cables incorporating parallel twisted pairs. Communication between processors and peripherals was memory mapped, with similar cables extending 18 bit address and data buses between frames.
Analog line FIU (AL-FIU).
The AL-FIU contained 8 simplex groups of 96 lines each, referred to as Analog Line Units (ALUs), controlled by a redundant controller, the Analog Control Unit (ACU). The 96 lines within each ALU were housed on 12 circuit packs of eight line circuits. These 12 circuit packs were electrically grouped into four groups of three cards, where each group of three cards shared a serial 24 timeslot PCM group. The timeslot assignment capabilities of the codec were used to manage timeslots within the PCM group. The ACU contained a timeslot selection circuit that could select the same timeslot from up to eight PCM groups, (i.e. network timeslot 0-7 would select PCM timeslot 0, network timeslot 8-15 would select PCM timeslot 1, etc., giving eight opportunities for PCM timeslot 0 to connect to network). Since the same timeslot could be selected only eight times out of thirty-two possible candidates, the overall concentration was four to one. A later generation expanded the number of ALUs to twelve or sixteen, as appropriate, giving larger effective concentration.
Analog trunk FIU (AT-FIU).
The AT-FIU was a repackaged AL-FIU. Only two simplex groups were supported, and the trunk cards carried four circuits instead of eight. PCM groups were six cards wide instead of three. Since two simplex groups provided a total of 192 trunks, the AT-FIU was unconcentrated, as trunk interfaces demand.
Digital trunk FIU (DT-FIU).
T-carrier spans were terminated, four per card, on the Quad Span Interface Circuit (QSIC) in Digital Trunk Facility Interface Units (DTUs). Two QSICS were equipped per copy. providing for an eight DS1 capacity. The span interface circuits were completely redundant, and all control circuitry operated in lockstep between the two copies. This arrangement provided for excellent failure detection but was plagued by design flaws in the earliest versions. Corrected versions of the design were not widely available until the early 1990s.
The later generation Extended Digital Trunk Unit (EDT) included 8 T-carriers per card, and incorporated ESF and PRI interfaces. This FIU operated also operated in lockstep between the two copies, but incorporated a small backplane mounted "fingerboard" to house the transformer circuit.
Processor architecture.
Throughout its lifecycle, the GTD-5 EAX incorporated a quad-redundant processor architecture. The main processor complex of the APC, TPC, TCU, RLU, and RSU all consisted of a pair of processor cards, and each of those processor cards contained a pair of processors. The on-card pair of processors executed precisely the same sequence of instructions, and the output of the pair were compared each clock cycle. If the results were not identical, the processors were immediately reset, and the pair of processors on the other card were brought online as the active processor complex. The active processor always kept memory up-to-date so that when these forced switches occurred, little data loss was suffered. When the switch was requested as a part of routine maintenance, the switch could be accomplished with no data loss at all.
Software architecture.
The GTD-5 EAX was programmed in a custom version of Pascal. This Pascal was extended to include a separate data and type compilation phase, known as the COMPOOL (Communications Pool). By enforcing this separate compilation phase, strict typing could be enforced across separate code compilation. This allowed type checking across procedure boundaries and across processor boundaries.
A small subset of code was programmed in 8086 assembly language. The assembler used had a preprocessor that imported identifiers from the COMPOOL, allowing type compatibility checking between PASCAL and assembly.
The earliest peripherals were programmed in the assembly language appropriate to each processor. Eventually, most peripherals were programmed in variations of C and C++.
Administration.
The system is administered through an assortment of teletypewriter "Channels" (also called the system console). Various outboard systems have been connected to these channels to provide specialized functions.
Patents.
The following is a non-exhaustive list of U.S. patents applicable to the GTD-5 EAX design

</doc>
<doc id="9860200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860200" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Calabozo">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Calabozo

The Archdiocese of Calabozo () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in Venezuela. It was a diocese until 1995.
History.
The Archdiocese of Calabozo, embracing the section of Guárico and portions of the sections of Apure, Zamora, Portuguesa, Cojedes and Guzman Blanco, was created 7 March 1863 by Pius IX as a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Caracas (Santiago de Venezuela), and its first bishop was consecrated 30 October 1881. Blessed John Paul II elevated the diocese to an archdiocese on 17 June 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9860207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860207" title="Berry Brothers &amp; Rudd">
Berry Brothers &amp; Rudd

Berry Bros. & Rudd is a wine and spirits merchant based in the United Kingdom. The company sells wine from around the world, including en primeur wines from Bordeaux, Burgundy, the Rhône and Italy. The company also sells a number of wines and spirits under its own label. Other services it offers include wine storage, wine tastings and wine schools. Berry Bros. & Rudd is the only company to have five Masters of Wine in their ranks.
History.
Berry Bros. & Rudd is one of Britain's oldest wine and spirit merchant: in 1698 it opened its doors for the first time at 3 St. James's Street, London, United Kingdom, and today it continues to trade from the same premises. The company also has a discounted store in Basingstoke, Hampshire and offices in Japan, Hong Kong and Shanghai.
Founded by the widow Bourne, the company has supplied the Royal Family since the reign of King George III. Berry Brothers & Rudd was his wine supplier then. First they sold coffee, and then cocoa, tea, snuff, spices, anything that was considered exotic and new, and became one of London's premier grocers. The proximity to St. James's Palace and the fashionable area they were in also helped popularity.
A first Royal Warrant of Appointment was granted in 1903 by King Edward VII. Queen Elizabeth II granted her royal warrant in 1995, Charles, Prince of Wales granted his in 1998. Customers have included Lord Byron, William Pitt the Younger and the Aga Khan.
In 1923 it created the Cutty Sark Scot's whisky. The brand was sold to The Edrington Group in 2010. Under the deal, Berry Bros & Rudd acquired The Glenrothes single malt brand from Edrington.
Berrys' Broking Exchange (BBX).
Berry Bros. & Rudd was the first wine merchant to open an online wine shop in 1995; today it also runs an online wine trading platform called "BBX" (Berrys' Broking Exchange). It enables customers to sell their wines that are stored in the company's bonded warehouses. Sales have exceeded £1 million, and 11,000 bottles were traded within the first 60 days.
Wine predictions.
In May 2008, a team from Berry Bros. & Rudd, Jasper Morris, MW, Alun Griffiths MW, Simon Field MW and David Berry Green, drew up a document of speculations into the state of the wine industry in the coming 50 years, "The Future of Wine". Among the predictions for 2058 were suggestions that China may become one of the world's biggest producers, that grapes will be grown hydroponically in floating offshore vineyards, and honey bees could be trained to detect wine faults.

</doc>
<doc id="9860230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860230" title="Stefan Söderholm">
Stefan Söderholm

Stefan Söderholm (born May 23, 1979) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Sandvikens AIK as a midfielder. Stefan was brought up by Edsbyns IF. 
Stefan has played for the Swedish national bandy team making his debut in the 2001/02 season. 
Stefan has been a member of Swedish championship winning squads in the 1999/2000, 2001/2002 and 2002/2003 seasons for Sandvikens AIK and the 2003/04 season for Edsbyns IF He was also a member of the Bandy World Cup winning squad in 2001/2002 season.
Stefan has only played for two clubs.
His list of clubs are as follows-

</doc>
<doc id="9860242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860242" title="Qualified member of the engine department">
Qualified member of the engine department

A Qualified Member of the Engineering Department also known as an Unlicensed Junior Engineer or QMED is a senior unlicensed crewmember in the engine room of a ship. The QMED performs a variety of tasks connected with the maintenance and repair of engine room, fireroom, machine shop, ice-machine room, and steering-engine room equipment. The QMED inspects equipment such as pumps, turbines, distilling plants, and condensers, and prepares record of condition. The QMED lubricates and maintains machinery and equipment such as generators, steering systems, lifeboats, and sewage disposal systems, and also cleans and restores tools and equipment.
United States.
In the United States Merchant Marine, in order to be occupied as a QMED a person has to have a Merchant Mariner Credential issued by the United States Coast Guard with a QMED certification. Because of international conventions and agreements, all QMEDs who sail internationally are similarly documented by their respective countries.
Applicants for QMED are required to pass a QMED General Knowledge Examination and at least one of the following rating exams:
Once the exam is passed, the results are valid towards an upgrade to QMED from Wiper for one year.
See also.
<br clear="both">

</doc>
<doc id="9860246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860246" title="Road Wars (novel)">
Road Wars (novel)

Road Wars is the twenty-third book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
The novel is primarily composed of three separate plots, interleaved throughout the course of events.
In the main plot, Ryan Cawdor and J.B. Dix set off for Seattle in an armawag, leaving their friends behind at Jak Lauren's farm. Ryan and J.B. intend to meet up with Abe, a friend and formerly employed by their once-leader, Trader. The two had long believed Trader was dead after disappearing into the Colorado mountains, but Abe has since sent word that the Trader is alive. More importantly, Abe's note says that he and the Trader will be waiting to meet Ryan and J.B. near the ruins of Seattle, but only for the next six weeks.
Scant hours into their trip, Ryan and J.B. are stopped by a group of "fladgies": religious extremists who practise self-flagellation. The group's leader doesn't just ask for food and supplies, he demands them, earning a denial at gunpoint from the two friends. Ryan and J.B. travel onward, not bothering to kill the group.
Some days later J. B. and Ryan link up with a traveling animal show, run by a woman named Ellie Kissoon and her three daughters. The group heads to Weatherill Springs, and that evening put on a show outside the local bar for the ville's occupants. During the show an audience member extinguishes his cigar on one of the group's lions in a show of bravado, causing the animal to attack and starting a panicked firefight. In the aftermath several audience members are dead and Ryan is asked by Ellie to put down the mortally wounded lion, which he does. The group leaves town quickly, chased by gunfire from angry residents, and escape unharmed. Afterward Ryan notes that the bar's lockbox was missing following the incident, and after some hinting one of Ellie's daughters outright admits that they stole it during the confusion. This earns bemused approval from both Ryan and J. B., but the two nonetheless decide to part ways with the group, not the least reason being that Ellie and her daughters have expressed romantic interest in the two over objections that they are both in committed relationships.

</doc>
<doc id="9860301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860301" title="Steward's assistant">
Steward's assistant

A steward's assistant (SA) is an unlicensed, entry-level crewmember in the Steward's department of a merchant ship. This position can also be referred to as steward (the usual term on British ships), galley utilityman, messman, supply or waiter.
The role of the SA consists mainly of stocking, cleaning and assisting with the preparation and serving of meals.
The SA often assists the steward by removing stocks such as food, linen, and utensils and making sure they arrive where they're needed. Closely involved with the storeroom operations, the SA will assist in taking inventory. The SA also is typically in charge of the ship's linens, not only sorting, counting, and stocking but also issuing them to the crew.
The SA is a foodhandler, and perhaps most visible while assisting the chief cook with the serving of meals. Depending on the ship, this can include taking orders and delivering the food to the tables in the ship's messroom and officer's saloon. The SA also customarily sets out the "night lunches" for watchstanders preparing to start late night watches, as well as setting and clearing tables.
A ship's galley, pantry, and eating areas are notoriously hard to keep clean and sanitary, and this activity keeps the SA busy for much of his time. The SA must clean the ship's mess and officer's saloon, and the gear in both. This includes keeping the decks clean by sweeping and scrubbing. The SA disposes of trash and garbage and keeps garbage cans clean. Other tasks could include defrosting and cleansing refrigerators, cleaning brightwork and woodwork, and removing grease and finger marks from paintwork.
Depending on the ship and crewing, the SA may be responsible for other cleaning duties, such as stairways and passageways, laundry rooms, refrigerated spaces, storerooms, linen lockers, the ship's office, the radio room and any other areas assigned to the steward's department. An SA may be responsible for making up bunks and cleaning rooms, toilets, and showers of officers and others.
In the United States Merchant Marine, in order to be occupied as an SA a person has to have a Merchant Mariner's Document issued by the United States Coast Guard. Because of international conventions and agreements, all SA's who sail internationally are similarly documented by their respective countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9860320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860320" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom

Women's Slalom World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Women's Slalom World Cup 1990/91 all results count.
Women's Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9860350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860350" title="David Stuart Davies">
David Stuart Davies

David Stuart Davies (born 1946) is a British writer. He worked as a teacher of English before becoming a full-time editor, writer, and playwright. Davies has written extensively about Sherlock Holmes, both fiction and non-fiction. He is the editor of "Red Herrings", the monthly in-house publication of the Crime Writers' Association.
Novels.
Johnny One Eye.
Johnny Hawke is removed from the army after a rifle explodes in his face and he loses an eye. Offered a desk job with the police, Johnny sets up as a private investigator in London. When asked to investigate the disappearance of a young woman things turn dangerous. Could there be a connection between the girl and fading film actor Gordon Moore?
Non-fiction.
His non-fiction books about Sherlock Holmes include:
Plays.
His award-winning one-man play "Sherlock Holmes - The Last Act" is still touring after its premiere at Salisbury Playhouse in 1999. It has played in France, Canada, America, Hong Kong, Malta and all over the British Isles.
In 2009, Big Finish Productions released audio adaptations of his plays "The Last Act" and "The Death and Life".
Other work.
He is the editor of several collections for Wordsworth & Collectors Library (Barnes & Noble) including:
and In 2009 an omnibus volume of William Fryer Harvey's stories, titled "The Beast with Five Fingers" (ISBN 978-1-84022-179-4). The volume contains 45 stories, and an extensive biographical introduction.
His DVD work includes writing and narrating commentaries for the MPI release of the digitally re-mastered Basil Rathbone Holmes films; conducting interviews on the new Jeremy Brett Holmes releases; and with David Jason on A Touch of Frost DVDs.
He is as one-third of literary performance group The Mystery Men, alongside Matthew Booth and M. J. Elliott

</doc>
<doc id="9860406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860406" title="Simon Fletcher (American football)">
Simon Fletcher (American football)

Simon Raynard Fletcher (born February 18, 1962 in Bay City, Texas) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the second round of the 1985 NFL Draft. He played college football at Houston.
Professional career.
Fletcher played for the Denver Broncos for his entire NFL career from 1985-1995. In his 11 year career he recorded a Denver Broncos record 97.5 sacks, two interceptions, and 10 fumble recoveries. He shares the NFL record (DeMarcus Ware) for most consecutive games with a sack with 10. His cousin Shan Fletcher is also a professional from Houston.
He now owns/operates a local barbecue restaurant named Whistle Blowers located at 2411 8th Ave in Greeley Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="9860414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860414" title="Thermosome">
Thermosome

A thermosome is a chaperonin protein complex that functions in archaea.

</doc>
<doc id="9860415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860415" title="McFarland State Historic Park">
McFarland State Historic Park

McFarland State Historic Park is a small historic park located in downtown Florence, Arizona on the corner of Main and Ruggles Streets. The park consists of a preserved courthouse and other buildings dating to the Arizona Territory period. The original structure was built in 1878 with the addition of a jail in 1882 and the courthouse in 1891. The courthouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
McFarland Park reopened February 2011 after repairs and renovations. It had been closed because of Arizona State Parks budget cuts.
McFarland Park commemorates Ernest McFarland (1894-1984), who was successively a US Senator, Governor of Arizona, and Chief Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court. McFarland bought the old courthouse building in 1974, donated it to the state, and paid for its renovation. McFarland State Historic Park
was opened and dedicated October 10, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9860428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860428" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Combined">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Combined

Women's Combined World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Women's Combined World Cup 1990/91 both results count.
Note:
In race 2 not all points were awarded (not enough finishers).
Women's Combined Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9860431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860431" title="Tl’esqox-t'in">
Tl’esqox-t'in

The Tl’esqox-t'in are a First Nations people in the Chilcotin region of the Canadian province of British Columbia. They are a subgroup of the Tshilhqot'in people and reside mostly at Toosey, 25 kilometres west of the city of Williams Lake. Toosey is also known by its Tsilhqot'in language name Tl’esqox, and is located on Highway 20 near Riske Creek.
Their band government is called the Toosey First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="9860439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860439" title="Francis Curzon, 5th Earl Howe">
Francis Curzon, 5th Earl Howe

Francis Richard Henry Penn Curzon, 5th Earl Howe, CBE, PC, VD (1 May 1884, Mayfair, London – 26 July 1964, Amersham, Buckinghamshire) was a British naval officer, Member of Parliament, and motor racing driver and promotor. In the 1918 UK General Election he won the Battersea South seat as the candidate of the Conservative Party, which he held until 1929. While in Parliament he took up motor racing, and later won the 1931 24 Hours of Le Mans race. He ascended to the Peerage in 1929, succeeding his father as the "5th Earl Howe". Earl Howe co-founded the British Racing Drivers' Club with Dudley Benjafield in 1928, and served as its President until his death in 1964.
Early career.
Francis, Viscount Curzon, joined the Royal Navy after leaving school, following in a long family tradition. October, 28th 1907, Lieutenant Viscount Curzon, RNVR, formerly of the London Division, was appointed Commanding Officer of the Sussex Division of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve in Hove, Sussex, with the rank of Commander RNVR. When World War I started the RNVR was formed into the Royal Naval Division and they were to fight on land like infantrymen not sailors. Commander the Rt. Hon. Viscount Curzon served as Battalion Commander, Howe Battalion of the 2nd Brigade RND. Howe Battalion saw action at Gallipoli, April 1915 – Jan 1916; Mudros and Stavros, Salonica, January - May 1916; France and Belgium, May 1916 - February 1918, when the battalion was disbanded. During part of this period Curzon also served as aide-de-camp to George V.
Following the armistice Viscount Curzon moved into politics. In the 1918 General Election he won the Battersea South seat, standing for the Conservative Party. When the RNVR was reconstituted in 1921 Viscount Curzon resumed his position as the commanding officer of the Sussex division with the rank of Captain; he was to hold this appointment until the RNVR was mobilised again in September 1939 on the outbreak of World War II. Following his father's death in 1929 Francis Curzon ascended to the title Earl Howe, making him ineligible for Parliamentary re-election. He was appointed a Privy Counsellor in the 1929 Dissolution Honours. However, during his later years as an MP Curzon had begun to become involved in motor racing. An associate of the infamous Bentley Boys, he was instrumental in forming the ideas which led Dudley Benjafield to set up the British Racing Drivers' Club in 1928. The newly ennobled Earl Howe was elected its President at the BRDC's first Annual General Meeting in 1929.
Motor racing career.
Francis Curzon made his race debut at the comparatively old age of 44, in the 1928 Irish TT with a Bugatti Type 43. After leaving the House of Commons he pursued his driving career with increasing vigour. During the 1930s he became a well known driver, competing in many national and international races, most notably the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He entered the endurance classic six times between 1929 and 1935, only missing the 1933 event. For the first year he was entered as a part of the Bentley factory team, but latterly he entered his own cars. It was in his own Alfa Romeo 8C that he won the race in 1931, driving in partnership with Henry Birkin.
Away from La Sarthe, Earl Howe (as he was most commonly entered following his father's death) drove in a variety of automobiles. Indeed, in the mid-1930s he was credited by "Time" magazine as having ""Europe's most elaborate"" collection of racing cars. Although patriotic, he was often forced to buy and run cars built outside the UK, as once Bentley had withdrawn from motor sport there were no realistically competitive British-built machines available. He favored the Bugatti marque, owning and campaigning several Bugattis. He won the Donington Park Trophy race in 1933, and added to his victory haul with a win in the 1938 Grosvenor Grand Prix, at Cape Town in South Africa. In addition to these two victories he also took podium finishes in eleven other major races between 1933 and 1939, and became one of only two men to have competed in every running of the RAC Tourist Trophy at Ards, the other being E.R. Hall.
In 1937, Howe was seriously injured in an accident driving his pale blue and silver — Howe's personal racing colours — English Racing Automobiles R8B, while challenging the Thai Royal family competitor Prince Bira for the lead in the Campbell Trophy at the Brooklands circuit.
Aside from assuming the Presidency of the BRDC, Earl Howe also served as Vice-President of the FIA's Commission Sportive Internationale, the governing body of international motorsport at the time. He also kept motorsport issues on the political landscape, with numerous speeches in the House of Lords.
Post-war career.
The start of the Second World War effectively ended Earl Howe's front line driving career, and he returned to the Navy. At the end of the conflict he moved into race organising, although he continued to prepare and enter cars for other drivers, including Tazio Nuvolari. As President of the BRDC and Patron of the newly formed 500 Club, he was instrumental in the resumption of motor racing and applied political pressure to allow airfields to be used for motor sport. He was involved with organising the first British Grand Prix, at Silverstone in 1948, which gained full Formula One World Championship status at the Championship's inception in 1950. He also instituted the annual BRDC International Trophy meeting at the same circuit. Under Earl Howe's 35-year stewardship, the BRDC went from private dining club to one of the most successful and high profile motor sport associations in the world.
The Earl Howe Trophy.
Today the BRDC maintains a highly prestigious award in his memory: "The Earl Howe Trophy", awarded annually "to the highest placed British Driver in the Indy 500 race or to the British driver who has established the most meritorious performance of the year in North America." The 2013 winner was Justin Wilson (awarded December 2013), who finished fifth in the 2013 Indianapolis 500 race.
Personal life.
Francis Curzon was the son of Richard Curzon, 4th Earl Howe. On 28 October 1907 he married his cousin Mary Curzon (30 October 1887 – 1 September 1962), whom he later divorced in 1937, daughter of Montagu Curzon and Esmé FitzRoy. Their daughter, Lady Sarah Curzon, married Formula One driver Piers Courage. After Courage's death in the 1970 Dutch Grand Prix, she married John Aspinall. Francis Curzon, 5th Earl Howe died in July 1964. He was succeeded by his eldest son, Edward.

</doc>
<doc id="9860454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860454" title="Per Spjuth">
Per Spjuth

Per Spjuth (born April 1, 1980) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Slottsbrons IF as a defender. Per left BS BolticGöta during pre season after struggling to break into the squad. Per is the older brother of Hammarby IF player Kalle Spjuth and younger brother of IK Tellus player Ola Spjuth.
Per has played for three clubs.
His list of clubs are as follows-

</doc>
<doc id="9860463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860463" title="1823 in Ireland">
1823 in Ireland

Events from the year 1823 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9860506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860506" title="Jack Robinson">
Jack Robinson

Jack Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9860517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860517" title="Wilton Castle">
Wilton Castle

Wilton Castle is a 12th-century Norman castle fortification located in southeastern Herefordshire, England on the River Wye adjacent to the town of Ross-on-Wye. The castle is named for the manor associated with it.
This forgotten castle of Herefordshire, still standing mostly to battlement height, remains a monument to its former lords. The Longchamps of Wilton in their time provided Bailiffs of Normandy, Chancellors of England, sheriffs of Hereford and the Welsh Marches and enemies of King John. 
They were succeeded by the families of De Cantilupe (see Thomas de Cantilupe and links) and De Grey who between them built up a powerbase in Wales and the Marches. Matilda de Grey, née de Cantilupe, stood up in court in 1292 and lied through her teeth to King Edward I of England that the castle had been built by her Longchamp ancestors in the days of Edward the Confessor (1042–66). In fact, the castle could not have been built before 1154 and certainly the 'barony' never held the Marcher Lord rights Lady Matilda claimed for it.
The castle was primarily associated with a branch of the Norman-descended family of Grey, the Barons Grey of Wilton, a prominent dynasty of Norman Marcher Lords in the Welsh Marches, who held it from 1308 or before. The castle passed from the family when William Grey was captured by the French at the end of the defense of Guînes in 1557, and was forced to sell the castle to raise funds for his ransom.
The castle was finally destroyed in the English Civil War, a period that saw skirmishes and sieges locally at Goodrich Castle, Ruardyn Castle and Raglan Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="9860543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860543" title="CashTree">
CashTree

CashTree is an interbank network in India that has been in operation since March 2004. Bank of India is the settlement bank for this network, which started with just 6 public sector banks but later expanded to admit private sector banks.
Member banks.
The network has 13 member banks:
The Bank of Maharashtra left the network in April 2007. City Union Bank joined the network in June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9860547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860547" title="Sophie Fremiet">
Sophie Fremiet

Sophie Fremiet (16 June 1797 – 4 December 1867) was a French painter. 
Born in Dijon, her father was the assistant curator of the city's museum, a patron of artists and a fervent Bonapartist. Sophie was taught by Anatole Devosge, a former pupil of Jacques-Louis David. Her father supported the work of a young Dijon sculptor, François Rude.
In the aftermath of the second Bourbon Restoration in 1815, the Fremiet family, along with many other Bonapartists, left France for Brussels (now Belgium, then part of the newly created United Kingdom of the Netherlands). Here Sophie studied under another French exile, her former teacher's master, Jacques-Louis David. She worked as David's copyist and exhibited her own works in Brussels and in Antwerp. In 1820, her "Belle Anthia" was a great success at an exhibition in Ghent
On 25 July 1821, Sophie married her father's former protégé François Rude. The couple would have only one child, Amédée, who died young in 1830. In Brussels Sophie was a successful artist, receiving many commissions, including several for the former royal palace at Tervuren, lost in the fire that destroyed it. Her works were neoclassicist in style, largely mythological, although she produced a small number of religious paintings.
In 1826, the Rude family returned to France, settling in Paris. Here Sophie began to paint historical scenes. She served as the model for the female figure representing France in her husband's statue "La Marseillaise", which forms part of the Arc de Triomphe. François Rude died in 1855, and Sophie devoted the rest of her life to exhibiting and publicising her husband's work.
She died in Paris.
References.
Geiger, Monique, "FREMIET, Sophie" in E. Gubin, C. Jacques, V. Piette & J. Puissant (eds), "Dictionnaire des femmes belges: XIXe et XXe siècles." Bruxelles: Éditions Racine, 2006. ISBN 2-87386-434-6

</doc>
<doc id="9860550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860550" title="Rhinofebral">
Rhinofebral

Rhinofebral is a medication sold in Europe by McNeil which is owned by Johnson & Johnson.
It is most commonly taken for colds or the flu. Its active ingredients are paracetamol (240 mg.),
chlorphenamine (3,20 mg.) (antihistamine), and vitamin C (100 mg).

</doc>
<doc id="9860589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860589" title="Dick Lee (basketball)">
Dick Lee (basketball)

Richard "Dick" Lee was a public relations worker for the Anaheim Amigos of the American Basketball Association during the 1967-68 season. He eventually found himself on the Amigos' active playing roster as the team struggled with finances and injuries.
The Anaheim Amigos were one of the least successful teams in the ABA. Attendance at their games was rumored to dip into double-digits, and the team ultimately lost about $500,000 before being sold and moved to Los Angeles. Injuries struck the Amigos towards the end of the 1967-68 season, but the team was so strapped financially that they could not sign any established basketballers as replacements. In order to have a full roster, team owner Art Kim decided to activate PR man Dick Lee as a player. Though Lee was not expected to receive any playing time, the Amigos coach was forced to use him in two games because Lee's teammates were in foul trouble. Playing at the forward position, Lee grabbed one rebound and is credited with one assist.
Sources.
Pluto, Terry. "Loose Balls". New York: Fireside, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9860594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860594" title="Fender Bassman">
Fender Bassman

The Fender Bassman is a bass amplifier introduced by Fender during 1952. Initially intended to amplify bass guitars, the 5B6 Bassman was used by musicians for other instrument amplification, including the electric guitar, harmonica, and pedal steel guitars. Besides being a popular and important amplifier in its own right, the Bassman also became the foundation on which Marshall and other companies built their high-gain tube amplifiers.
History.
The 5B6 Bassman.
During 1952, the Fender 5B6 Bassman amplifier was introduced as a combo amplifier cabinet that included the amplifier chassis combined with one 15" speaker. The 1952–1954 5B6 Bassman amplifiers had two 6SC7 or 6SL7GT pre-amp tubes, two 5881 power tubes and a single 5U4G rectifier tube. It was designed to generate 26 watts at an 8 ohm impedance load, and offered a cathode-based bias.
From 1952 through the spring of 1954, Fender produced approximately 660 model 5B6 Bassman amplifiers (serial numbers #0001- 0660) . The earlier cabinets have been called "TV Front" designs, with a front panel that had a rectangular grill cloth with rounded corners and looked much like a television of that era. In 1953 the cabinet designs were changed to the so-called "Wide Panel" design, with a 5 inch wide tweed covered panel above and below a wider swath of grill cloth. Fender ceased production of 5B6 Bassman amplifiers during the spring of 1954.
The 5D6 Bassman with dual rectifiers.
During November 1954, Fender introduced the newly designed 5D6 Bassman amplifier offering four ten inch speakers and was designed utilizing two rectifier tubes. The 5D6 was a major departure from the earlier 5B6 Fender Bassman model. Designed by Freddie Tavares, longtime R&D man at Fender, the new circuit included two rectifier tubes and became known as the Dual Rectifier Bassman. Instead of the single 15" speaker, four 10" Jensen Alnico P10R speakers were used. The circuit had two innovations: a fixed bias for the power tubes, which increased power in comparison to the earlier cathode bias design, and a cathodyne phase inverter, using half of the 12AX7 tube and allowing a third gain stage on the other half.
Narrow panel models, 1954 to 1960.
Fender began making other models with tweed covering, a similar open backed cabinet with a rectangular grill cloth and a narrow (just over an inch wide) tweed covered panel at the top and bottom. Produced from 1954 until 1960, these models are called the "narrow panel" tweed amps .
Fender introduced the model 5D6 "DK" in November 1954 followed by the 5E6 Bassman Amp during early 1955. The 5E6-A Bassman model was introduced later that year and included some evolutionary improvements . Demand for the tweed Bassman amp grew, so Fender increased production. By the middle of 1957 more than 1,500 examples of the 5E6 series had been sold.
In July 1957, Fender introduced the model 5F6 Bassman. This model also had four Jensen P10R speakers, but the power supply was redesigned around a single 83 mercury vapor rectifier tube, and a new preamp circuit was introduced that included a three knob tone stack, with separate controls for Treble, Mid and Bass. The power amp included a "long tailed pair" phase inverter, an innovation that noticeably increased the "headroom" or clean power output capability of the amplifier. Similar preamp changes were also incorporated in the 5F8 Twin Amp at about the same time, but not on other large size Fender amps.
During 1958, Fender introduced the model 5F6-A Bassman model. This final 1950s Tweed Bassman model product line included a change from the 5Y3 to the GZ34 rectifier tube, as well as a modification within the Presence control circuit. During early 1960, Fender began producing the 5F6-A Bassman with Jensen P10Q speakers. The P10Q Jensen speakers are more able to manage stronger electrical input power and generate better "clean" output sounds than previous installed P10R Jensen speakers. The P10R Jensen speakers were shipped within all Fender Bassmans from late 1954 until early 1960. Many professional music industry analysts have heralded the 1950s Fender 4x10 Bassman amps as the greatest guitar amp ever. The first 1954 Fender Tweed 5D6 4x10 circuit generated further Tweed Bassman amplifier development through 1960. Several Bassman models were progressively influenced by the 5D6 through the last Fender Tweed 5F6-A Bassman's circuit design. The 5F6-A Bassman's design was directly copied by Marshall Amplifiers within their JTM-45 amplifier during the early 1960s.
In 1990, Fender began reissuing the 5F6-A Bassman. The first series of the reissue were made at the Corona, California facility, and came equipped with four Emienence-made 10" blue frame alnico speakers, and a solid state rectifier unit. Later on, production was moved to Ensenada, Baja California, and the model name was altered to '59 Bassman LTD. The LTD came equipped with the original 5AR4 rectifier tube, and four Jensen P10R reissue alnico speakers, which was period correct for the original amp.
Piggyback model.
In late 1960, Fender introduced a completely redesigned model 6G6 Bassman Amp, using the “piggy-back” design, in which the amplifier chassis is housed in a small cabinet, attached by metal clips to a larger separate speaker enclosure.
The early models were called "Brownface" because of the dark brown color used on the control panel. The 6G6 model was covered in rough Blonde colored Tolex material with Oxblood colored grill cloth. It had a single GZ34 rectifier, two 5881/6L6GC power tubes and four 12AX7 preamp tubes. The output was 50 watts at 8 ohm into a single 12 inch speaker, with a "Tone Ring" baffle in the speaker cabinet. In early 1961, model 6G6-A was introduced with a solid state rectifier replacing the GZ34, and two 12 inch speakers with a conventional baffle in a slightly larger cabinet (wired in parallel) with a 4 ohm output. In 1962, model 6G6-B was introduced, which incorporated circuit changes but used the same speaker configuration. In 1963 smooth Blonde Tolex covering was used instead of the early rough texture cover, and a light tan grill cloth.
In 1964 Fender introduced the “Blackface” design, with black tolex covering and a black painted control panel. Fender was sold to CBS in 1965, but this design continued until the "Siverface" model was introduced in 1968. The Brownface, Blackface, and Silverface "piggyback head" (except the Bassman 10 and 20, which were also combo amplifiers) versions of the 1960s, 1970s, and early 1980s generally followed a trend toward cleaner sound and more headroom.

</doc>
<doc id="9860614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860614" title="Tl'etinqox-t'in">
Tl'etinqox-t'in

The 'Tl'etinqox-t'in are a First Nations people in the Chilcotin District of the Canadian province of British Columbia. They are a subgroup of the Tshilhqot'in people and reside near the community of Alexis Creek, an unincorporated settlement and Indian Reserve community on Highway 20 near Riske Creek. 
Their band government is called the Tl'etinqox-t'in Government Office. The name of their main reserve, Anahim's Flat Indian Reserve No. 1, in the Chilcotin language is Tl'etinqox, meaning "river flats", although it is commonly known as Anaham (which is used also for the whole Alexis Creek locality). Anaham should not be confused with Anahim Lake, which is a different community and has a different band government, the Ulkatcho First Nation, who are Dakelh (Carrier). The name of Anahim Lake in Tsilhqot'in, however, is also Tl'etinqox.

</doc>
<doc id="9860617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860617" title="Ernée">
Ernée

Ernée is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
It is named after the River Ernée, which runs through the town and is situated about halfway between the towns of Laval and Fougères. Ernée is home to a purpose built motocross track, which has been used in the Motocross World Championships and 2005 Motocross des Nations.
Neighboring communes.
The commune is bordered by the communes of Montenay, Saint-Pierre-des-Landes, Vautorte, La Pellerine, Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine, Saint-Denis-de-Gastines.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Ernée is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="9860622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860622" title="Isobel Schenk">
Isobel Schenk

Isobel Schenk, BEM (1898–1980) was a Christian missionary who worked for many years alongside her husband, Rev. Rodolphe Samuel Schenk (1888–1969), at the Mount Margaret Mission in Western Australia. Rev. Schenk established the mission in 1921, under the auspices of the "Aboriginal Inland Mission" (later the "United Aborigines Mission" (UAM)).
Isobel May Johnston was a typist when she met Rodolphe Schenk in Melbourne, where they married. She later "taught crafts to the women" on the mission. The mission was made a central 'rationing station' and was visited by anthropologists and researchers including A. P. Elkin, Phyllis Kaberry, J. B. Birdsell and Norman Tindale.
Along with the Chief Protector of Aborigines in Western Australia, these researchers engaged in the assimilation debates of the day. Rev. Schenk's
"unsympathetic and fundamentalist interference with traditional practices" - such as infanticide, the ritual drinking of blood ... and in-law avoidance laws -attracted criticism from A. P. Elkin, and resistance from Aboriginal elders. Many Aboriginal children were taken to the mission, which had a children's home and a hospital, and mining- and pastoral
-related work was carried out there.
BEM.
Isobel May Schenk was awarded the BEM on 31 December 1977 for her work in Aboriginal welfare.
Death.
She died in October 1980 in Albany, Western Australia.
Family.
The Rev. and Mrs. Schenk had three daughters and a son, who survived their parents: Margaret Morgan, Esther Milnes, Elizabeth Miller and Roderick Schenk.

</doc>
<doc id="9860634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860634" title="List of MPs elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1962">
List of MPs elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1962

This is a list of Members of Parliament elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1962.
All members of the Northern Ireland House of Commons elected at the Northern Ireland general election, 1962 are listed.

</doc>
<doc id="9860663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860663" title="Fender Tremolux">
Fender Tremolux

The Fender Tremolux was a guitar amplifier made by Fender. It was introduced in the summer of 1955 with a rated power output of 15 watts, cathode bias, two 6V6 output tubes, and a 5V4 tube rectifier. The Tremolux was the first Fender amp with a built in effect, tremolo.
In 1959, the rated power output of the Tremolux was increased to 18 watts when it changed to a fixed bias design and a 5U4 rectifier. In 1961, the Tremolux was changed from a 1x12 tweed-fabric covered combo amp to a piggyback amp with oxblood grillcloth, covered with cream tolex. Its rated power output was increased to 20 watts, its output tubes were a pair of 6BQ5/EL84 (the only Fender amp of that time feature them) and they were operated at voltages in excess of their rated maximums and under fixed bias, but was soon changed to 35 watts and a pair of 6L6GC power tubes with a GZ34 rectifier (circuits 6G9-A and 6G9-B.) There were 10", 12" and 2-10" speaker cabinet configurations (the 2-10" being the majority of amps produced). In 1963, the grillcloth changed to gold colored. In 1964, the cream tolex was replaced with black tolex and the circuit was changed to AB763, which used an optoisolator to couple the tremolo effect, replacing the earlier direct bias-modulation circuits. In 1963 and 1964, the Tremolux shared the same circuit as the Fender Vibrolux, with the Vibrolux on a 1x12 combo as opposed to a piggyback configuration. The Tremolux was discontinued in the summer of 1966.
The early or first Tolex made 6G9 Tremolux Amps were the 6BQ5/EL84 amps
starting at Serial Number 100. There were about 179 total 6G9 Tremolux Amps ever built. There was one change in the circuit during the 6G9 EL84
amp lifespan. The latest serial number known is 279, this would make 179
EL84 amps known. If anyone has seen a serial number later than the 279 please post it here. Update: #314 has surfaced. This is one of the most rare amps that Fender had ever made.
The EL84 Tremolux did not have professional printed tube charts, but instead they have a typewriter-written tube chart that was copied in a blue-ink mimeograph machine.

</doc>
<doc id="9860687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860687" title="Fender Deluxe Reverb">
Fender Deluxe Reverb

The Fender Deluxe Reverb is a guitar amplifier made originally by Fender Electric Instruments which became Fender Musical Instruments in early 1965 when the company was purchased by CBS, and now by Fender. It was first introduced in 1963 by incorporating an onboard spring reverb tank to the newly redesigned Fender Deluxe amplifier.
Specifications.
The Deluxe Reverb is a 22-watt tube amplifier (at 8 ohms), powered by a pair ("duet") of 7408/6V6GT power tubes, one GZ34/5AR4 rectifier tube, four 7025/12AX7 tubes for preamplification and tremolo oscillation, and two 6201/12AT7 tubes driving the reverb and phase inverter circuits. Throughout its production, the amplifier has most often featured a Jensen C-12Q series 12-inch loudspeaker, although Oxford 12K5, Marlboro SE, Utah and Eminence speakers have also been used. The 22 Watt output was obtained by operating the 6V6 power tubes well in excess of their maximum specified operating voltages.
Variations.
The original Deluxe Reverb (circuits AA763, and later AB763) was introduced during the "blackface" era of Fender amplifiers with a black control panel and white lettering. In 1967, two years after Fender was purchased by CBS, Fender began issuing amps with a silver metallic control face and light blue lettering. This gave birth to the "silverface" era, and the Deluxe Reverb followed suit in 1968. The circuit design remained largely unchanged through the ensuing years, and the control face was changed back to a blackface in 1980. The Deluxe Reverb was discontinued in 1982.
The Deluxe Reverb II was introduced that same year. Output on the amp was diminished to 20 watts and a solid state rectifier was used. The tremolo circuit was removed. Gain, master volume, and presence controls were added. And the two channels were made switchable as opposed to the individual inputs on the Deluxe Reverb. The Deluxe Reverb II was effectively a completely different amplifier, and it was discontinued in 1986. This was the so-called "Rivera-era".
In 1993, Fender released the '65 Deluxe Reverb reissue. It possessed the original cosmetics and circuitry, but was wired on a printed circuit board rather than hand wired point-to-point. The reissue is still currently in production.
In the summer of 2013, Fender produced a limited run of the Deluxe Reverb reissue in the form of an amplifier head. This had never been done in the past, as Fender had only built the Deluxe and its derivatives as combo amps (that is to say an amp with the speaker built in). The limited run only saw a very small number produced, however, it was announced in early 2014 that Fender was adding the Deluxe Reverb Head to its permanent lineup of Vintage Reissue series amplifiers. Also in 2013, Fender introduced a redressed version of the reissue with silverface cosmetics and slightly altered circuitry, dubbed the '68 Custom Deluxe Reverb.

</doc>
<doc id="9860698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860698" title="Byron G. Stout">
Byron G. Stout

Byron Gray Stout (January 12, 1829 – June 19, 1896) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Stout was born in Richmond, New York and moved with his parents to Michigan in 1831. He attended the common schools and graduated from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1851. He studied law and became superintendent and principal of Pontiac High School in 1853 and 1854 respectively.
Stout served as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives in 1855 and 1857, serving as speaker in the latter year. He was also member of the Michigan Senate in 1860 and served as president pro tempore. He was a candidate for Governor of Michigan in 1862, losing to incumbent Republican Austin Blair.
He was a member of the National Union Convention at Philadelphia in 1866 and delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1868, 1880, and 1888. He was defeated for election to Congress to represent Michigan's 5th congressional district in 1868 and 1870, losing to Omar D. Conger. Prior to 1869, he engaged in private banking. 
In 1890, Stout was elected as a Democrat from Michigan's 6th congressional district to the 52nd Congress, serving from March 4, 1891 to March 3, 1893. He was not a candidate for reelection in 1892. 
Byron G. Stout served as president of the Oakland County Bank from 1893 to 1896. He died in Pontiac, Michigan and is interred in Oak Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9860710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860710" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill

Men's Downhill World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1990/91 all results count.
Men's Downhill Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9860740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860740" title="Bj league">
Bj league

The bj League (Basketball Japan League) is a professional basketball league in Japan that began on November 5, 2005. The ten-team league is divided into two conferences, the Eastern Conference, and the Western Conference. It had its inaugural All-Star game in 2006. One of its major sponsors is Spalding.
The Basketball Japan League operates on the American sports franchise system. Alongside the BJ there is a Japan Basketball League, composed of company and otherwise-affiliated clubs, with promotion and relegation between its two divisions but not between BJ and JBL-1. This organization is similar to the Rugby Super League in England and is also shown in the British Basketball League (which includes clubs from both England and Scotland).
In June 2012, the Japan Basketball Association announced to establish a National Basketball League (NBL) as the topflight professional league in Japan. The 2012–13 season becomes the last JBL season as JBL teams will join the NBL alongside an undetermined number of teams from the bj league.
Teams.
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
Defunct teams
Expansion.
The bj-league plans on expanding to 24 teams by the 2014-15 season, the 10th anniversary of the league creation.
Several organizations are vying for expansion. Those in the running for expansion are from:
The league is also considering creation of specific leagues for youth, women, and people with disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="9860748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860748" title="Chemtool">
Chemtool

Chemtool is a free software program for drawing chemical structural formulas, written in C using GTK for Unix and Linux.

</doc>
<doc id="9860777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860777" title="Birds of a Feather (disambiguation)">
Birds of a Feather (disambiguation)

Birds of a Feather is a British sitcom that aired from 1989 to 1998.
Birds of a Feather may also refer to:
In film and television:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="9860782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860782" title="Greg Bice">
Greg Bice

Gregory Lawrence Bice (born April 15, 1981) is an American lacrosse player who wears number 44 for the Ohio Machine in Major League Lacrosse. He typically plays as a long pole defenseman, but can also be used as a midfielder (middy).
Bice attended Ohio State University and helped lead the men's lacrosse team to the NCAA finals twice, in 2003 and 2004. He also picked up numerous awards and honors along the way, including being named GWLL Conference Player of the Year in 2004. 
He spent two years with Philadelphia and as soon as he was released, he was chosen first overall by the Los Angeles Riptide in the 2006 supplemental draft. Bice proved to be a valuable asset for the Riptide, earning a spot on the All-Star Team, being named NB Sportsman of the Year, and helping them to the MLL Finals in 2007, and to the Semi Final Round in 2008. Greg was picked up by the Chicago Machine after the LA Riptide were dissolved in 2009. In 2010 he was again selected as an MLL All-Star.
Greg Bice also owns and operates Resolute Lacrosse, LLC with teammate Anthony Kelly. Bice is a member of the advisory committee for the non-profit organization, Lacrosse the Nations. He recently received an MBA from the Max M. Fisher College of Business at the Ohio State University.
Bio.
Early Years.
Greg Bice was born at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland to Patti and William Bice. They moved to San Antonio, Texas, after he was born. Greg began playing lacrosse in the 8th grade. Bice continued playing lacrosse at Saint Mary's Hall through 1999, where he was an All-American. He also helped the lacrosse team to 2 of their 3 consecutive Texas High School Lacrosse League championships under head coach Earl Bill and legendary assistant coach Pat Zoldi. 
College career.
Bice played college lacrosse at the Ohio State University, where he was a four year starter after his freshman year. Bice was a 2-time All American, 3-time 1st team All Great Western Lacrosse League, and the 2004 Conference Player of the year. He also played in the North/South All-Star Game and served as team captain in 2004 when the Buckeyes played in the NCAA tournament for the second consecutive season.
Professional career.
Greg started his career with Philadelphia from 2004–2005, but only played one game. The next year he was acquired First Round, First Draft Pick in the supplemental draft in 2006 by the Los Angeles Riptide. He was chosen above 223 others. He played 12 games in 2006 and scooped up 27 ground balls. In 2007 he had 3 points and 39 ground balls, was selected as an MLL All Star, and was chosen as the New Balance Sportsman of the Year. Greg continued his phenomenal play for LA in 2008 and served as captain while netting 3 pts and picking up 35 ground balls. 
In 2009 the Los Angeles Riptide were dissolved and Greg was picked up by the Chicago Machine. He served as team captain, scored 2 pts and grabbed 33 ground balls. In the 2010 season, Bice stepped up his offense, scoring 7 points as of 15 July 2010. He was selected as a 2010 MLL All-Star. 
Between MLL seasons, Greg played briefly in the North American Lacrosse League for the Kentucky Stickhorses. He played transition and the Stickhorses finished their first season 5-1 losing only their last game to the Boston Rockhoppers. The North American Lacrosse League was dissolved after the 2013 season.
He became a member of the Rochester Rattlers in 2011, when the Chicago Machine's roster was transferred. Bice had a very productive season in Rochester with 25 ground balls, a goal, and an assist in only 11 games. A year later, in 2012, with the resurrection of the Machine name in Columbus, Ohio, the Rattlers traded Bice and two other Ohio State alumni to the Ohio Machine for draft picks. Greg has played two seasons, as captain, with the Ohio Machine and plays an integral leadership role both on and off the field. Bice had a terrific 2012 season, grabbing 28 ground balls, netting 2 goals, and dishing out an assist. Unfortunately, his 2013 season was cut short due to an injury.
Personal Info.
Greg is married to Emily Bice. He graduated from Ohio State University with a degree in Welding Engineering. He has seven siblings, Billy, Tommy, Andrew, Zach, Jordan, Noah, and Courtney. He spent two years in Comayagua, Honduras, working as a missionary teacher. He is involved with the non-profit organization, Lacrosse the Nations, which is "an international humanitarian organization that utilizes sport and play to foster education and the development of critical life skills for children living in impoverished communities worldwide." He speaks Spanish and loves playing futbolito, a version of soccer played on a small walled court, popular in Latin America. His favorite food is sandwiches. Bice’s game day routine includes a nap and prayer.

</doc>
<doc id="9860809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860809" title="Canoe, British Columbia">
Canoe, British Columbia

Canoe, British Columbia, is a semi-rural community within the larger City of Salmon Arm just off the Trans Canada Highway. The community lies on the south side of Shuswap Lake, northeast of the city centre. Canoe is home to the Co-Op Canoe Mill, which processes lumber from the surrounding forests for sale and export, via the Canadian Pacific Railway. 
Historically, an apple-packing plant receiving produce from surrounding farms and exporting via the adjacent railway tracks, in addition to the mill, also brought much business to the community in the early 1900s. The former packing plant now holds family housing, but many of the other former amenities' buildings, including halls and churches, still stand. The early history on Canoe has been documented in a 1980 limited press book, "The Saga of Canoe, 1888–1938" and highlights photos of the heritage buildings and their founding families, many of which the former and latter are still present in the community. 
The community hosts numerous local services including a village market, post office, community hall, senior's hall, churches and a North Canoe Elementary School. Serving summer tourists from nearby Sicamous's houseboat industry, Canoe's attractions include a 27-hole executive golf course and restaurant, go-carts and mini-golf, motels, coffee bistro/ roaster, two marinas, wharf, and a free public beach. Canoe Beach is the only public beach in the immediate Salmon Arm area and draws much tourist traffic in summer months. 
Most residents of Canoe work in Salmon Arm, which is only a 7-minute drive from the city centre, though some businesses operate in Canoe including Canoe Plumbing, several hairdressers, a violin school and other home-based businesses.
Federated Co-operatives still operates a plywood plant in the community; the mill recently closed after many years in service. The new Salmon Arm water treatment facility is located beside Canoe Beach in a new high tech facility.
On January 27, 2010 the Olympic Torch for the 2010 Winter Olympic games made its way through Canoe on day 90 en route to its final destination of Vancouver: Watch the video here.

</doc>
<doc id="9860826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860826" title="Barrie Bates">
Barrie Bates

Barrie Bates (born 17 October 1969) is a Welsh darts player who plays on the Professional Darts Corporation circuit. Born in Merthyr Tydfil, he currently resides in Bedlinog, Mid-Glamorgan. His original nickname was Batesy, but has since 2007 has been known as Champagne, because of his bubbly personality.
Career.
Bates made his PDC televised debut at the 2003 UK Open reaching the third round. In 2005 he narrowly lost a last-32 match to Lionel Sams at the UK Open and made a superb run to the final in 2006 before losing to Raymond van Barneveld.
He made a great impression on the circuit in 2006, winning the John Smiths Singles in February and May's Le Skratch Sarantos Retsinas Memorial event in Montreal. He also reached two Regional Finals of the UK Open in March (losing to Chris Mason and to van Barneveld in November. He reached two PDPA Players Championship finals in 2006 losing to Colin Lloyd in the Isle of Wight in June, but beat Phil Taylor to take his biggest title to date in the Netherlands event in November.
He made his World Championship debut in 2007 as the number 17 seed, but suffered a surprise first round defeat to Canadian Brian Cyr. In the 2008 World Championship, Bates got to the third round only to lose to Kirk Shepherd. In the 2009 tournament, Bates defeated Northern Ireland's Felix McBrearty and American Bill Davis to reach the third round again, this time meeting Mark Dudbridge, winning 4-0 with checkout percentage of 60% to reach the quarter finals for the very first time. He lost in the quarters however, falling to twelfth seed Mervyn King by five sets to two.
His success at events away from the television cameras during 2006 helped him to win the award of "Best Floor Player" at the first PDC Awards Dinner. It refers to the non-televised events which feature many boards alongside each other on a smaller arena floor.

</doc>
<doc id="9860850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860850" title="Myriorama">
Myriorama

Myriorama can mean one of several kinds of 19th century entertainment, especially:

</doc>
<doc id="9860853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860853" title="Airspeed Viceroy">
Airspeed Viceroy

The Airspeed AS.8 Viceroy was a British racing version of the Airspeed AS.6 Envoy built by Airspeed (1934) Limited at Portsmouth. The Viceroy was built to order for Captain T. Neville Stack and Sidney Lewis Turner, to compete in the England-Australia MacRobertson Air Race. Only one aircraft, registered G-ACMU, was built.
Design and development.
The Viceroy was a modified Airspeed Envoy. Modifications included:
Operational history.
The Airspeed Viceroy started the race from RAF Mildenhall, England, but after several reliability problems including with the mainwheel brakes, it was withdrawn from the race at Athens. The pilots concluded that it would be unsafe to proceed and they would probably be unable to finish the race. The aircraft returned to Portsmouth and was then stored until July 1936 when it was sold the following month by the French concern, SFTA and departed to France en route to the Spanish Civil War.
Documentation regarding the Viceroy's service with the Spanish Republican Air Force is sketchy. The intention was to convert the aircraft into a bomber and photographs suggest that it did receive new markings and was stationed at an airbase, but further information is not available as to its actual service.

</doc>
<doc id="9860867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860867" title="Montalbert">
Montalbert

Montalbert is a French ski resort in the La Plagne skiing complex which forms part of Paradiski's ski area in Savoie, Tarentaise Valley. The village is located at 1350 metres and is connected to the vast La Plagne area.
Montalbert was originally a farming hamlet and the first ski lifts were built in the early seventies. The village is built around an old chapel and is a superb place to take holidays either for skiing or summer.
Montalbert links to La Plagne via two ski lifts, which take you into Aime (2000m) and the vast area of La Plagne and Paradiski (which is a partnership between La Plagne and Les Arcs). Montalbert sits in the valley above the village of Longefoy and it is possible in normal conditions to ski back down to the village until the end of the season. This is thanks to the slopes which are north facing and the forests of Montalbert which help the resort to keep its snow in good condition. Montalbert also has an extensive snow cannon network and the piste team will send the cannons into action as soon as the temperature dips below freezing.
Montalbert markets itself at families and it caters very well for an international audience. The ski school is run by ESF ( Ecole de ski de Francais) and they offer lessons from the age of 3 years and up. Accommodation is mainly self-catering apartments and since 2000 there have been new developments of chalet style apartment buildings which fit into the stunning mountain scenery very well. Montalbert does not have any high rise buildings which adds to its charm. There is a good selection of restaurants and bars from traditional local-regional to modern Tex Mex style bars. There are four ski hire shops and boutiques, a supermarket and a bank cash machine as well as several bakers and butchers.
Montalbert is about 200 km from Lyon Airport, 240 km from Geneva, 100 km from Chambéry Airport and 160 km from Grenoble Airport. High speed trains connecting the UK and Europe also stop at Aime-La-Plagne which is about 10 km away

</doc>
<doc id="9860913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860913" title="I Love You Mi Vida">
I Love You Mi Vida

"I Love You Mi Vida" (, "I Love You My Darling") is a song performed by the Spanish boyband D'Nash. 
The song was entered into Misión Eurovisión 2007, which was the Spanish national preselection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
The song was Spain's representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in the Hartwall Areena in Helsinki, Finland. In the final, it was performed second, following Bosnia and Herzegovina's Marija Šestić with "Rijeka bez imena" and preceding Belarus' Dmitry Koldun with "Work Your Magic". It finished 20th with 43 points, a similar result from that of the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with Las Ketchup's "Un Blodymary", which finished 21st with only 18 points.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2008 Contest by Rodolfo Chikilicuatre with "Baila el Chiki-chiki".
Music and lyrics.
The original lyrics were completely in Spanish except the words of the title "I love you". In the final version for Helsinki, new English words were added to the song.
The co-writer of the music for "I Love You Mi Vida", , also composed the song for Norway's contribution to the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, which was "Ven a bailar conmigo" performed by the Norwegian artist Guri Schanke.

</doc>
<doc id="9860930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860930" title="Rodolphe Samuel Schenk">
Rodolphe Samuel Schenk

Rodolphe Samuel Schenk (29 October 1888, Macorna, Victoria – 7 August 1969) was an Australian missionary.
He attended a New South Wales interdenominational theological college and in 1917 joined the United Aborigines' Mission. From Walgett, where he built a bag church and a wooden hut for himself, he ministered to Aboriginal communities, travelling long distances by motor cycle, addressing meetings and making converts. In 1920 he spent four months in Melbourne preparing for a new mission on the Western Australian goldfields near Laverton ([http://www.limina.arts.uwa.edu.au/past_volumes/volumes_610/volume_6?f=78514]).
Choosing the old Mount Margaret goldfield, he leased its common and began to erect huts and raise goats to finance provision of rations. Soon groups of Aborigines came to 'sit down' at the mission and helped to build fences, shepherd goats and pull sandalwood. His success in attracting Aborigines and his policy of paying them modest wages antagonized local pastoralists who tried to sabotage the mission and have it moved into the desert ([http://www.adb.online.anu.edu.au/biogs/A110547b.htm]).
In Melbourne on 14 October 1922 Schenk married Isobel May Johnston, a typist; at Mount Margaret she taught crafts to the women. The products helped to finance the mission, as did the publication of Schenk's 'prayer letters' by the U.A.M. and concerts given by the Mount Margaret Minstrels. School classes began in 1926, and from 1932 Mrs. Mary Bennett taught there. It was in basic literacy and numeracy, craft and vocational training that the mission made its greatest impact.
Mount Margaret had been secure from 1927 when police began to entrust Aborigines of part-descent who were state wards to Schenk's care rather than to the Moore River government settlement north of Perth. This was approved by the chief protector of Aborigines A. O. Neville, who strengthened Schenk's hand by making the mission a central rationing station. Thirty children were accommodated in the first Graham Home by 1930; parents were encouraged to settle at the mission — unlike the dormitory-based régimes of other Aboriginal institutions.
The mission used a "no work, no rations" formula. Earning opportunities expanded with the installation of a small ore-crushing battery, and low-grade alluvial ore was exploited by Aboriginal miners. Others learned carpentry, shearing and station work ([http://www.limina.arts.uwa.edu.au/past_volumes/volumes_610/volume_6?f=78514]).
Schenk originally purchased miners' huts and building material which he reassembled at Mount Margaret; the Depression allowed him to buy more buildings. Water was a problem but medical facilities were provided by Mrs. Bennett's gift of the Christisson Memorial Hospital in 1936. By 1933 the European staff at Mount Margaret numbered ten, there were forty-one students at the school and the mission had the appearance of a regular township.
Difficulties surfaced when Aboriginal elders resisted Schenk's "unsympathetic and fundamentalist interference" with traditional practices. He opposed infanticide, the ritual drinking of blood, the use of sacred boards (which he thought were deified), and in-law avoidance laws which undermined his mass meetings. While not conversant with the local languages, he advised his subordinates to learn them and his daughters Margaret, Esther and Elizabeth became fluent.
Mount Margaret was visited in 1930 by A. P. Elkin and Phyllis Kaberry who hoped to conduct field-work there. Elkin later criticized Schenk's attitude to traditional Aboriginal beliefs; in turn the missionary accused the anthropologists of fostering "works of darkness" and "the resurgence of the devil". However, J. B. Birdsell and Norman Tindale, who came in 1939, thought Mount Margaret "the best solution to the pressing half-caste problem".
Supporting the mission's assimilationist approach, Tindale predicted that it would become less relevant to Aborigines as they entered white society. Nevertheless, Schenk bitterly opposed the 'merge' and 'absorb' policy for Aborigines of mixed descent which Neville advocated; he resented the chief protector's complaint that the growing Mount Margaret population was undermining assimilation. After World War II outside employment attracted many older residents but they were replaced by tribal people from the Central Reserve. Schenk had contributed to setting up another U.A.M. settlement at Warburton Range in 1933.
In 1954 Schenk retired to his farm near Esperance where he died on 7 August 1969, aged 80, survived by his wife, three daughters and son.

</doc>
<doc id="9860955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860955" title="Zee Cine Awards">
Zee Cine Awards

The Zee Cine Award or "ZCA" for short is an awards ceremony for the Hindi film industry. 
They were first held in Mumbai until 2004, when the ZCA went international and had their ceremony in Dubai, and in following years in London, Mauritius, Malaysia, and London again in 2008. It was not held in 2009 or 2010, but resumed in 2011, being held in Singapore in 2012 it was held at the CotaiArena in Macao.

</doc>
<doc id="9860963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860963" title="KIIM-FM">
KIIM-FM

KIIM-FM (99.5 FM) is a country music formatted radio station broadcasting in Tucson, Arizona, United States. KIIM-FM broadcasts from a tower site in the Tucson Mountains, west of Tucson, with 93,000 watts of power.
Personalities.
Buzz Jackson was a 2006 Academy of Country Music nominee for Personality Of The Year. In 2007, KIIM-FM was nominated for Radio Station Of The Year by the Academy Of Country Music. In 2007, Buzz Jackson was nominated for medium market personality of the year by the Country Music Association. In 2010, Buzz Jackson won the medium market personality of the year award from the Academy Of Country Music.
Programming.
Weekend programming includes "New Music Nashville" and "American Country Countdown".
KIIM-FM was one of the first Tucson radio stations to broadcast in HD Radio. KIIM-FM can be heard in Casa Grande, Arizona and in Nogales, Sonora.

</doc>
<doc id="9860976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860976" title="Anthony Thieme">
Anthony Thieme

Anthony Thieme (20 February 1888 – 6 December 1954) was a landscape and marine painter and a major figure of the Rockport (MA) School of American regional art. He was a contemporary of important Rockport artists Aldro Hibbard, Emil Gruppe, W. Lester Stevens, Antonio Cirino, and Marguerite Pierson.
Born in Rotterdam on 20 February 1888, Thieme studied at the Academie of Fine Arts in Rotterdam for two years and then, briefly, at the Royal Academy, the Hague. He traveled widely in Europe, frequently finding work as a stage designer.
Thieme traveled to the United States at the age of 22. He quickly found work as a stage designer at the Century Theater in New York, designing sets for the Russian ballerina Anna Pavlova. When the commission ended, he traveled to South America, primarily Brazil and Argentina. Stage work again provided his livelihood. A return to Europe followed with further work in England, France, and Italy.
Returning to the United States with a contract for additional stage work, Thieme found himself in Boston. He discontinued work on the stage in 1928 and from then on made his living with the sales of his paintings and etchings. Thieme married Lillian Beckett in 1929 and moved to Rockport, MA. He established the Thieme School of Art. He exhibited his work frequently at the Grand Central Art Galleries in New York.
He continued to travel widely; Mexico, Guatemala, Florida, and France were major destinations, always painting en plein air.
Thieme committed suicide on 6 December 1954 in Greenwich, CT. The circumstances of his death are not fully understood. There have been stories of deep depression or major illness, but no definitive rationale for his suicide has emerged.
Anthony Thieme was a full member of the American Watercolor Society, Art Alliance of America, the Salmagundi Club, the Boston Art Club, North Shore Art Association, Rockport Art Association, New York Water Color Club, Art Alliance of Philadelphia and the National Arts Club.
References.
Anthony Thieme by Judith A. Curtis. Published by the Rockport Art Association, 1999.
External links.
The Pocock Fine Art & Antiques gallery [http://www.pocockfineart.com] specializes in the work of the artist.

</doc>
<doc id="9860987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860987" title="Religion in Nicaragua">
Religion in Nicaragua

Religion in Nicaragua is a significant part of the culture of Nicaragua and forms part of the constitution. Religious freedom and religious tolerance is promoted by both the Nicaraguan government and the constitution.
History.
Catholic religion among the Nicaraguan people.
Since the early 1990s, the vast majority of Nicaraguans were nominally Roman Catholic. Many had little contact with their church, however, the country's Protestant minority was expanding rapidly. Roman Catholicism came to Nicaragua in the sixteenth century with the Spanish conquest and remained, until 1939, the established faith. The Roman Catholic Church was accorded privileged legal status, and church authorities usually supported the political status quo. Not until the former President José Santos Zelaya came to power was the position of the church seriously challenged.
Nicaraguan butt constitutions have provided for a secular state and guaranteed freedom of religion since 1939, but the Roman Catholic Church has retained a special status in Nicaraguan society. When Nicaraguans speak of "the church", they mean the Roman Catholic Church. The bishops are expected to lend their authority to important state occasions, and their pronouncements on national issues are closely followed. They can also be called upon to mediate between contending parties at moments of political crisis. A large part of the education system, in particular the private institutions that serve most upper- and middle-class students, is controlled by Roman Catholic bodies. Most localities, from the capital of Managua to small rural communities, honor patron saints, selected from the Roman Catholic calendar, with annual "fiestas". Against this background, it is not surprising that the Sandinista government provided free public transportation so that 500,000 Nicaraguans, a substantial part of the national population, could see Pope John Paul II when he visited Managua in 1983.
In the mid-1980s, there was approximately 1 priest for every 7,000 Roman Catholics, a ratio lower than the Latin American average and considerably lower than the 1 priest per 4,550 Nicaraguan Roman Catholics recorded in 1960.
Urbanites, women, and members of the upper and middle classes are the most likely to be practicing Roman Catholics, that is those who attend mass, receive the sacraments, and perform special devotions with some degree of regularity. Nicaraguans of the lower classes tend to be deeply religious butt people not especially observant. Many limit their practice of the sacraments to baptism and funeral rites. Yet they have a strong belief in divine power over human affairs, which is reflected in the use of phrases such as "God willing" or "if it is God's desire" in discussions of future events.
Religious beliefs and practices of the masses, although more or less independent of the institutional church, do not entail the syncretic merger of Roman Catholic and pre-Columbian elements common in some other parts of Latin America. Popular religion revolves around the saints, who are perceived as intermediaries between human beings and God. Prayers are directed to a relevant saint asking for some benefit, such as curing an illness, in exchange for ritual payment, such as carrying a cross in an annual procession. Pictures of saints, called cuadros, are commonly displayed in Nicaraguan homes. Set in a corner or on a table and surrounded with candles, flowers, or other decorations, a cuadro becomes the centerpiece of a small domestic shrine. In many communities, a rich lore has grown up around the celebrations of patron saints, such as Managua's Saint Dominic (Santo Domingo), honored in August with two colorful, often riotous, day-long processions through the city. The high point of Nicaragua's religious calendar for the masses is neither Christmas nor Easter, but La Purísima, a week of festivities in early December dedicated to the Immaculate Conception, during which elaborate altars to the Virgin Mary are constructed in homes and workplaces.
Religion in the Caribbean Coast.
Protestantism and other Christian denominations came to Nicaragua during the nineteenth century, but only during the twentieth century have Protestant denominations gained large followings in the Caribbean Coast of the country. By 1990 more than 100 non-Roman Catholic faiths had adherents in Nicaragua, of which the largest were the Moravian Church, the Baptist Convention of Nicaragua, and the Assemblies of God. Other denominations included the Church of God, the Church of the Nazarene, the Episcopal Church, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons), Jehovah's Witnesses, and the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Most of these churches have been established through the efforts of missionaries from the United States and, although now institutionally independent and led by Nicaraguans, retain strong links with members of the same denomination in the United States.
The Moravian Church, established in the Caribbean Coast of Nicaragua in the late nineteenth century, is the dominant faith among the population of the region. Virtually all Miskito are Moravians, as are many Creoles, Sumu, and Rama. Moravian pastors play a prominent leadership role in Miskito communities. The Nicaraguan Baptists are related to the American Baptist Church, which began missionary work in 1917. The Nicaraguan Baptist Church's membership is concentrated in the Pacific region and is heavily middle class.
The Assemblies of God, dating from 1926, is the largest of the rapidly expanding Pentecostal denominations. Known for ecstatic forms of worship, energetic evangelization, and the strict personal morality demanded of members, the Pentecostal faiths flourished among the urban and rural poor. helping recent arrivals from the countryside adjust to city life, they draw many migrants into their congregations. Pentecostalism reportedly has particular appeal to poor women because it elicits sobriety and more responsible family behavior from men. Largely because of the Pentecostals, the long-stagnant Protestant population has accelerated in numbers, going from 3 percent of the national population in 1965 to more than 20 percent in 1990.
Religion during the 1970s - 1980s.
The 1970s and 1980s were years of religious ferment in Nicaragua, often coupled with political conflict. Encouraged by the spirit of liberal renovation then sweeping through Latin American Catholicism, a new generation of Nicaraguan Roman Catholic Church officials and lay activists tried to make the Roman Catholic Church more democratic, more worldly in its concerns, and more sensitive to the plight of the poor majority. Many were inspired by the radical doctrines of Liberation Theology and the related idea of consciousness- raising base communities. In the 1970s, priests, nuns, and lay workers committed to social change organized community development projects, education programs, and Roman Catholic base communities. Especially after 1972, Roman Catholic clergy and lay activists were increasingly drawn into the movement opposed to the regime of Anastasio Somoza Debayle. Many developed links with the Sandinista National Liberation Front (Frente Sandinista de Liberación Nacional--FSLN), which was very receptive to radicalized Roman Catholics and led the insurrection that finally toppled the dictator.
No previous Latin American revolution has had such broad religious support as that of the Sandinistas. Even the Roman Catholic bishops openly backed the anti-Somoza movement in its final phases. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, the Roman Christian Base Communities (Comunidades Eclesiásticas de Base-- CEBs) provided the FSLN with vital political support among the urban poor. Roman Catholics, including several priests, accepted positions in the new government and became members of the Sandinista party. But the close ties between Sandinistas and Catholics generated tensions within the Roman Catholic Church and between the Roman Catholic hierarchy and the FSLN. The bishops, led by Cardinal Miguel Obando y Bravo, accused Sandinistas and their Roman Catholic supporters of attempting to divide the church by creating a separate Popular Church out of the CEBs. They viewed the Marxist-oriented FSLN as a long-term threat to religion in Nicaragua, despite the professed tolerance of the Sandinistas. An explosive church-state conflict developed, during which the bishops more or less openly allied with the Sandinistas' political enemies and the FSLN struggled vainly to contain the influence of the institutional church. Throughout the 1980s, pro- and anti-Sandinista forces regularly manipulated religious symbols for political effect.
Protestant leaders were less inclined than the Roman Catholic episcopate to become embroiled in conflicts with the Sandinistas. Some, including prominent Baptist ministers and a minority of pastors from other faiths, were sympathetic to the FSLN. At the other extreme, a few Moravian ministers openly identified with Miskito Contra forces operating Honduras. Most Pentecostal leaders, reflecting the conservative attitudes of the United States denominations with which they were affiliated, were neutral toward the Sandinistas but generally adopted a public stance that was apolitical. Suspecting that the States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and Christian conservatives in the United States were promoting evangelical activity in Nicaragua to undercut their government, Sandinista authorities monitored and tried to intimidate certain Pentecostal. They did, however, attempt to limit the growth of normal religious activity. The expansion of the Protestant population actually accelerated under Sandinista rule. During the first five years of Sandinista government, the number of evangelical churches (largely Pentecostal) had doubled to 3,000.
Religion after the Sandinista revolution.
The time the Sandinistas left power in 1990, church state relations were considerably smoother than they had been in the early 1980s and mid-1980s, in part because the Contra war, which intensified conflict over religion, was winding down. Some of the radicalized Roman Catholics who had supported the Sandinistas in the years since the 1970s remained loyal to them, but their influence outside the Sandinista movement and a few religious think tanks was limited. The number of active CEBs plunged in the early 1980s and never recovered, in part because the bishops had systematically restricted the church based activities of pro- Sandinista clergy. The Pentecostal churches continued their rapid growth among the poor. By the early 1990s, the Pentecostal minority was large enough to cause some observers, aware of the recent role of Christian conservatives in United States politics, to speculate about the influence of Pentecostals in future Nicaraguan elections.

</doc>
<doc id="9860999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9860999" title="Beryl Anthony, Jr.">
Beryl Anthony, Jr.

Beryl Franklin Anthony, Jr. (born February 21, 1938), is a former representative from Arkansas to the United States House of Representatives.
Early life and education.
Anthony was born in El Dorado, Arkansas in 1938. He attended the Union County public schools, graduating from El Dorado High School in 1956. In 1961, he received a Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Arts degrees from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, where he became a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. He obtained a Juris Doctor from the same university in 1963.
Legal career prior to Congress.
Anthony was admitted to the Arkansas bar in 1963 and began practice in El Dorado. He became assistant attorney general from 1964 to 1965; deputy prosecuting attorney in Union County from 1966 to 1970; prosecuting attorney for the 13th Judicial District from 1971 to 1976 and legal counsel to Anthony Forest Products Co. in 1977. He started his own private practice of law in 1977.
Political career.
Anthony was a delegate to Arkansas State Democratic conventions from 1964 to 1978. In November 1978, he was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives and served seven terms, from January 3, 1979 to January 3, 1993. He lost his bid for renomination in the Democratic Primary runoff in June 1992 to Secretary of State William J. "Bill" McCuen and was replaced by Republican Jay W. Dickey.
Vice president of his freshman class in Congress, Anthony was a founding member of the Sunbelt Coalition, a group that monitored the legislative impact upon southern states. After one term, he was appointed to the House Ways and Means Committee. He also served on the Oversight and Trade Subcommittees as well as the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families. Anthony chaired the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee from 1987 to 1991. He maintained a conservative voting record in Congress, similar to other Southern Democrats.
As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, Anthony pursued a variety of important issues. In the 1980s, he played a major role in restructuring the Social Security trust fund. He championed legislation for improved rural health care, for which he was given awards by both the Arkansas Hospital Association and the American Hospital Association. In his last terms, he focused on international trade, working on the North American Free Trade Agreement and on legislation for the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
In 1988, Congress created the bipartisan Anthony Public Finance Commission, composed of mayors, governors, local government officials, and members of the finance community, to recommend legislation to enable local governments to better finance the building of roads, schools, hospitals, and wastewater treatment facilities. The commission's Arbitrage Relief Provision, enacted in 1989, substantially lessened the borrowing costs for infrastructure investments.
Activities after leaving Congress.
In January 1993, Anthony became a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of Winston & Strawn. His clients have included major trade associations, governmental entities, and national and multinational corporations. On Capitol Hill and before the White House and executive agencies, Anthony has worked on matters involving health care reform, Superfund, trade relations with China, tax law changes affecting pharmaceuticals, and authorization and funding of major weapons systems. He was a member of the board of directors of Beverly Enterprises, which in 2006, before its acquisition by a private equity firm, operated 345 skilled nursing facilities, 18 assisted living centers, and 56 hospice/home care centers.
Personal.
Anthony's wife, Sheila Foster Anthony, is the sister of Vince Foster, the deputy White House counsel who committed suicide in 1993. The couple's first child was born in 1964. She was a teacher before getting a law degree. In 1993, after working in the U.S. Commerce Department as the nominated Assistant Secretary for Legislation and Intergovernmental Affairs for several months, she moved to the U.S. Department of Justice in a similar position, where she worked for two years. From 1997 to 2002, she was a commissioner at the Federal Trade Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="9861025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861025" title="On Top of the World (Edsilia Rombley song)">
On Top of the World (Edsilia Rombley song)

"On Top of the World" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English by Edsilia Rombley. The song was written by Tjeerd Oosterhuis, Maarten ten Hove and Martin Gijzemijter. It was originally entitled "Nooit Meer Zonder Jou" ("Never Again Without You") and had a lyric in Dutch, however the English version was preferred for the Contest.
The song is an up-tempo, RnB-inspired number. Rombley begins by telling her lover that she has been "trying to let you go", but finds this impossible. She wonders whether they are "making the same mistake", but decides to give him another chance on the condition that he promises never to break her heart again.
As the Netherlands had not qualified for the final at the previous Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed tenth, following Moldova's Natalia Barbu with "Fight" and preceding Albania's Frederik Ndoci with "Hear My Plea". At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 21st in a field of 28 and thus failing to qualify for the final.
The song was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 2008 contest by Hind with "Your Heart Belongs to Me".

</doc>
<doc id="9861027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861027" title="National Association of Railway Clubs">
National Association of Railway Clubs

The National Association of Railway Clubs is an autonomous association whose members are sports and social clubs in England, Scotland and Wales. It offers administration and support to its members. The Association was originally the British Railways Staff Association, becoming independent of British Railways and serving a broader community in 1990.
The Association is made of five regional organisations based on former British Rail regions:

</doc>
<doc id="9861075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861075" title="Thaumaptilon">
Thaumaptilon

Thaumaptilon is a fossil from the middle Cambrian Burgess Shale which some authors have compared to members of the Ediacaran biota, generally believed to have disappeared at the start of the Cambrian, . It was up to 20 cm long, and attached itself to the sea floor with a holdfast. 
Leaf-shaped, "Thaumaptilon" had a central axis extending to its tip, with many "ribs" radiating from it, in a similar manner to the ribs of a leaf. these may have had canals connecting them to the axis. One side of its surface was covered in spots, which might have been zooids.
"Thaumaptilon" is considered important due to its resemblance to some Ediacarans; it was believed to be a relative of forms such as "Charnia".
Forms related to "Charnia" where once believed to be related to sea-pens (pennatulacean cnidarians), although this hypothesis has been questioned based on several lines of evidence.
The name "Thaumaptilon" derives from the Greek Thauma, "wonderful", + ptilion, "soft feather".
See also.
Ediacaran biota

</doc>
<doc id="9861081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861081" title="Larry Butler (darts player)">
Larry Butler (darts player)

Larry Butler (born 21 July 1957) is an American darts player, nicknamed The Bald Eagle who was the winner of the 1994 PDC World Matchplay Darts Championship. This success made him the first, and so far only American player to have won a major darts tournament in Europe.
He also had some success in his home country, winning the 1993, 1994, 1995 New York Open, the 1994 Darts America Championship, the 1991, 1992, 1993 World Bullshooter Championship and the 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995 Cincinnati Spring Fling Open.
BDO.
Butler made his World Championship debut in 1992, losing to Dennis Priestley in the first round. Many top British players formed their own organisation (separate to the governing body, the British Darts Organisation)
PDC.
During 1993-94 to organise their own tournaments and their own World Championships (see split in darts). Several North American players were invited to join them in tournaments and Butler appeared at the first WDC (now Professional Darts Corporation, PDC) World Championship in 1994. He failed to qualify from the group stages, but produced a notable victory over three-time former world champion, John Lowe. Lowe was the last world champion before the split just twelve months earlier.
Few would have predicted that Butler would take the World Matchplay in Blackpool later in 1994. He beat Steve Raw, Jerry Umberger, Jocky Wilson and Shayne Burgess to reach the final where he beat the World Champion Priestley by 16 legs to 12 to take the £10,000 top prize.
Butler also competed at the 1995, 1996 and 1997 WDC World Championships where he beat former world champions Keith Deller and Eric Bristow plus world number one Rod Harrington but only managed to qualify past the group stages in 1997 when he lost to Jamie Harvey in the quarter-finals.
Despite his excellent results, including victories over several world champions, Butler ceased competing regularly on the circuit after the 1997 World Championships. Most major tournaments were staged in the United Kingdom and few North American players were able to make an impact on the game which such travelling difficulties.
After an absence of ten years, Butler began competing again on the PDC North American circuit which began to expand during 2007. He also won the USA Dart Classic, a World Darts Federation tournament.
Butler then made his first televised appearance in over ten years after qualifying for the 2008 Las Vegas Desert Classic as one of four North American qualifiers. He lost in the first round 6-4 to Alan Tabern.
In April 2009 Butler traveled to Europe to compete in a series of PDC Players Championships and in UK Blue Square Open qualifiers. He advanced to the money round in 13 out of 16 events he entered. His best finish was a quarter final appearance in the West Midlands regional final on April 1, 2009.
At the 2009 PDC Players Championship in Las Vegas Butler hit a nine dart finish but lost 6-2 in his second round match against Jan van der Rassel The tournament was considered a "warm-up" event for the 2009 Las Vegas Desert Classic.
In June 2009 Butler partnered with Canadian Champion Bob Sinnaeve. Sinnaeve and Butler enjoyed great success at their first outing together in Boston winning the Cricket Doubles and finishing 2nd in the 501 doubles at the North American Open. They won the Cricket doubles at the Windy City open in Chicago with Butler taking 2nd place in the 501 Singles. In Atlanta, at the Peachtree Open, Butler captured the crown in both the Pro Singles and the 501 Singles. He also won the Blind draw and the open doubles 501 and finished 2nd in the Cricket Doubles. Butler and Sinnaeve finished up 2009 at the Buckeye Open in Columbus Ohio by winning the 501 doubles.
2010 has started successfully for Butler. He has traveled to Philadelphia to play in the Ray Chesnae Open and finished 3rd in the Pro singles and 2nd in both the cricket doubles and mixed triples. On to Huntsville AL where they won both the 501 doubles and the Mixed triples. Butler finished 2nd in the singles event. In Syracuse NY they swept the singles events with Butler winning both the Pro Shoot and the Cricket Singles and Sinnaeve taking the title in the 501 singles. They also won the mixed triples and finished 2nd in the cricket doubles.
The St. Paddy's Day tourney in Indianapolis proved another successful weekend for Butler. He picked up top honors in the 501 Doubles and the Cricket Singles. He was also the finalist in the Mixed Doubles, 501 singles and the Cricket Doubles.
In early April Butler traveled northeast to New Hampshire for the $20,000 White Mountain Shootout. He started the weekend there with a semi final finish in the Pro Shoot. He went on to win the men's doubles and the mixed triples with Sinnaeve. Butler captured the Cricket Singles title and finished the weekend with another semi final finish in the 3rd singles.
Cleveland was up next. Butler finished 3rd in the pro shoot and took top honors in the cricket singles.
Butler then reached the semi-final of the North American Darts Championship, defeating the likes of John Kuczynski, Bill Davis and Paul Lim before losing to Darin Young.
Butler traveled to Upper Michigan to attend the Little River Darts Tourney and then on to Nashville. He added a first a second and ties for fourth and sixteenth to his resume before heading east to Stamford CT for the USA Darts Classic. 
In a field of over 200 players, he captured the title in both the 501 and Cricket singles events. It was here in CT that Butler decided to rejoin the American Darts Organization and pursue a shot at the World Masters title. Winning the 501 singles got him an automatic invite to the Masters. 
Butler followed up that performance with a win at the Windy City Open 501 Singles and then Swept both singles titles in Colorado. 2010 came to an end with a win at the ADO cricket qualifier and an automatic Invite on merit to the World Cup in Ireland in 2011.
Butler started off with renewed vigor and some very concrete goals for 2011. He had already secured a spot on the World Cup team and several invites to the World Masters. 
He traveled to Philadelphia for the Rae Chesnay $25,600 tournament. He captured the 501 Singles title and felt well prepared to head to Las Vegas for the ADO Cricket Championship and tournament.
Butler arrived in Las Vegas and went on to win the National Cricket Championship and the 501 Singles. He was runner up in the Cricket Singles event there. Also captured the 501 Doubles title.
Butler has back to TV stage in his first PDC World Cup appearance for represented USA. He played alongside Darin Young in February 2013, but they finished bottom of Group F after losing 4–5 to Finland and 3–5 to Germany. In the second round of the 2014 World Cup of Darts, Butler lost to England's Phil Taylor, but Young beat Adrian Lewis meaning a doubles match was required to settle the tie which the United States pair lost 4–1.

</doc>
<doc id="9861085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861085" title="Juraj Červenák">
Juraj Červenák

Juraj Červenák (born June 16, 1974) is a Slovak author best known for his short stories and novels, which mix elements of sword and sorcery with historical fantasy and Slavic mythology. 
He has published (under the pseudonym Thorleif Larssen) several novels featuring Robert E. Howard's classic character Conan the Barbarian, as well as (under his own name) the Warlock trilogy, a set of historical fantasy novels following the adventures of the Slavic warlock Rogan in the historical setting of the 8th century Principality of Nitra and neighbouring lands. 
Červenák's short stories range from themes similar to those used in his novels to westerns and horrors and can be found in various (mostly Czech) anthologies, Slovak science fiction/fantasy magazine "Fantázia" and Czech magazines "Ikarie" and "Pevnost". Most of Červenák's books were published in Czech translation prior to publication of their original Slovak versions (as of September 2007 none of the novels have been published in Slovak).
Červenák is currently working on a new trilogy, based on Bylinas; the first novel, "" (Bogatyr: The Iron Sceptre) was published in 2006, with two sequels scheduled for publication in 2007.
Biography.
Juraj Červenák was born on June 16, 1974 in Žiar nad Hronom, Slovakia, but spent most of his life in the town of Banská Štiavnica. After graduating from secondary school he went through a series of odd jobs, finally settling in a position at the town's cultural centre, where his duties included managing the local cinema. He ultimately made writing (as a novelist, short story writer and film critic for various magazines) his full-time career in 2005.
Writing career.
Červenák's early works, published under the pseudonym 'Thorleif Larssen', were moderately successful with readers but largely dismissed by critics as derivative of his literary influences (most notably Howard) and lacking in inventiveness and sophistication.
After "Tollrander", Červenák went on a nearly four-year writing and publishing hiatus, from which he emerged in 1998 with a short story called "Mŕtvi striebro nepotrebujú" (Dead Men Need No Silver), published in the "Fantázia" magazine.
The short story introduced a new protagonist, Rogan the Warlock, along with his wolf-demon companion, Goryvlad, in an original world of high fantasy based on Slavic history and mythology. The readers' response was favourable and more short stories followed. "Krvavý oheň, biely oheň" (Blood Fire, White Fire), published a year later, received the O najlepšiu fantasy (Best Fantasy) Award.
Červenák returned to writing novels with 2000's "Conan nelítostný" (Conan The Relentless) (writing as Thorleif Larssen once again) and collected two more prestigious awards, Istron for "Z posvátné vody zrozená" (Born Of The Sacred Water) in 2002 and Raketa for "Hrdlorez" (Cutthroat) in 2003.
2003 saw the publication of the first in the Warlock series of novels, "Černokněžník – Vládce vlků" (Warlock – The Master of Wolves). It was the first book to be published under Červenák's own name and marked his embrace of historical fantasy, as it brought Rogan into the historical setting of Central Europe at the turn of the 8th century. The novel earned positive reviews and was followed by two sequels (2004, 2005) and a short story collection (2006).
Červenák is currently working on a new trilogy based on Bylinas; the first novel, "" (Bogatyr: The Iron Sceptre), describing the exploits of the legendary hero Ilya Muromets was published in 2006, with two sequels scheduled for publication in 2007.
Bibliography.
Other works.
English titles of the actual future translations may differ.

</doc>
<doc id="9861107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861107" title="Seymour H. Person">
Seymour H. Person

Seymour Howe Person (February 2, 1879 – April 7, 1957) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Person was born on a farm near Howell, Michigan and attended the district schools and the Howell public schools. He graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1901. He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Lansing and was a law partner with Patrick H. Kelley. 
Person served as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives (Ingham County 1st district) from 1915 to 1921 and also served in the Michigan Senate (27th district) from 1927 to 1931. He was a delegate to all State conventions for thirty years. He was the brother-in-law of Supreme Court Justice Wiley Rutledge.
In 1930 Republican Party primary elections, Person defeated the incumbent U.S. Representative Grant M. Hudson. Person went on to win the general election to represent Michigan's 6th congressional district in the 72nd United States Congress, serving from March 4, 1931 to March 4, 1933. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932, losing to Democrat Claude E. Cady. He also unsuccessfully challenged incumbent William W. Blackney in the Republican primary election of 1942. 
Seymour H. Person resumed the practice of his profession after leaving Congress. He died in Lansing and is interred in Deepdale Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9861110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861110" title="Gran i General Consell">
Gran i General Consell

The Gran i General Consell (Catalan: "Great and General Council") was the supreme political, administrative, and representative organ of the Kingdom of Majorca. Since the Kingdom of Majorca did not have courts, the Gran i General Consell took over most of the functions they would otherwise have had, including the role of a representative body. The Gran i General Consell evolved from the Catalan municipal councils, especially that of the City of Majorca (present-day Palma de Mallorca. The body that was to become the Gran i General Consell was founded in 1249, and the Consell was abolished on 22 July 1718 by Philip V, empowered by the Nova Planta Decree of Majorca and Ibiza (28 November 1715). At the same time, all other separate Majorcan institutions were dissolved.
Three important characteristics of the Gran i General Consell were:
Differences between the Consell and the Spanish Cortes.
Unlike the Spanish Cortes of the time, the Consell could not be summoned by the king but was subject to the jurisdiction of the judges.
Similarities between the Consell and the Cortes.
Both the Consell and the Cortes were collegiate organs, the Consell being composed of members divided into the same categories as the members of the Cortes (12 Knights, 12 Citizens, 8 merchants, 12 minstrels, 28 representatives from the towns). The Consell collaborated with the king in matters of legislation and administration, and had the power to oversee over the king in his relations with the Consell itself.
Functions of the Consell.
The Consell was a debating chamber, and could convene on the orders of the judges and in the absence of the king and the viceroy. However, in the absence of the viceroy, the judges and the "sindics", who were nominated specially for the purpose, the Consell could not act as an executive body.
Decisions were taken by majority vote, and it could act in defence of the realm, or assist the king's officers.
Election.
Location.
The Council met at the "Sala de la Juraria" on the Plaça de les Corts (Plaza of the Court) in Palma (the city of Mallorca); as of 2008, the building houses the Ajuntament (city government) of Palma.

</doc>
<doc id="9861127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861127" title="Religion in Belize">
Religion in Belize

According to the 2010 census Roman Catholics constitute 40.0% of the population of Belize, down from 49.6% in 2000 and 57.71 in 1991; Protestants constitute 31.7% of the population, with a slight growth in percentage for some groups since 2000 (8.5% Pentecostal; 5.5% Adventist; 4.6% Anglican; 3.8% Mennonite; 3.6% Baptist; 2.9% Methodist; 2.8% Nazarene); Jehova's Witnesses are 1.7% of the population (up from 1.4% in 2000). 10.2% of Belizeans follow other religions (with a growth in percentage since 2000); amongst these there are followers of the indigenous Maya religion, Garifuna religion, Obeah and Myalism, and minorities of Mormons, Hindus, Buddhists, Muslims, Baha'is, Rastafarians and other. The Mennonites, of German descent, live mostly in the rural districts of Cayo and Orange Walk. 15.6% of the Belizean population do not adhere to any religion, up from 9.4% in 2000.
Belizean Roman Catholic churches belong to the Diocese of Belize City-Belmopan; Anglican churches belong to the Diocese of Belize, part of the Church in the Province of the West Indies. Hinduism is followed by most Indian immigrants, while Islam is common among Middle Eastern immigrants and has gained a following among some Kriols. Catholics frequently visit the country for special gospel revivals. The Greek Orthodox Church has a presence in Santa Elena.
The Constitution of Belize provides for freedom of religion, and other laws and policies contribute to the generally free practice of religion. The Government at all levels protects this right in full against abuse, either by governmental or private actors. The Government generally respects religious freedom in practice. In 2008, the U.S. government received no reports of societal abuses or discrimination based on religious affiliation, belief, or practice.

</doc>
<doc id="9861134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861134" title="KWXL-LP">
KWXL-LP

KWXL-LP (98.7 FM) is a high school radio station broadcasting a variety format. Licensed to Tucson, Arizona, USA, the station serves the Tucson area. The station is currently owned by the Tucson Unified School District. KWXL-LP is Tucson's only high school radio station. It is also a news radio station for students who attend Pueblo High Magnet School. Students broadcasting over the radio station are enrolled in a "Writing/Reporting for Broadcasting" class with instructor Tara Bulleigh. KWXL was originally started by Douglas Potter, who retired in 2006. Listeners can also find FM 98.7, KWXL on iTunes. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9861142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861142" title="Chief steward">
Chief steward

A chief steward is the senior unlicensed crew member working in the Steward's Department of a ship. Since there is no purser on most ships in the United States Merchant Marine, the steward is the senior person in the department, whence its name. In the British Merchant Navy, a steward is a junior member of the department (referred to as a Steward's Assistant in the United States), and so the term "chief steward" is always used for the senior member.
The chief steward directs, instructs, and assigns personnel performing such functions as preparing and serving meals. Moreover, the steward oversees cleaning and maintaining officers' quarters and steward department areas; and receiving, issuing, and inventorying stores.
The chief steward also plans menus, compiles supply, overtime, and cost control records. The steward may also requisition or purchase stores and equipment. Other duties may include baking bread, rolls, croissants, cakes, pies, cookies, and pastries.
A chief steward's duties may overlap with those of the Steward's Assistant, the Chief Cook, and other Steward's Department crew members.
In the United States Merchant Marine, in order to be occupied as a chief steward a person has to have a Merchant Mariner's Document issued by the United States Coast Guard. Because of international conventions and agreements, all chief cooks who sail internationally are similarly documented by their respective countries.
Chief stewards on large passenger vessels can be considered to be officers.

</doc>
<doc id="9861155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861155" title="Gheorghe Catrina">
Gheorghe Catrina

General Gheorghe Catrina (born 30 October 1953, in Bălceşti, Vâlcea County) was the chief of the Romanian Air Force Staff until 12 March 2007.
Military career.
He joined the Air Force in 1975 after graduating the Air Force Officers School. He climbed step by step the career ladder from the lower ranks to reach today's position, performing duties as a fighter pilot, chief pilot, and various command positions in several Air Force bases.
EDUCATION: Air Force Officer School, 1975; Academy of Advanced Military Studies, 1983; Post-academic Course for Regiment Commanders, 1988; English Course, 1996; National Defense College, Bucharest, 1998; Industrial College of Armed Forces, National defense University, USA, between 2000 and 2001; Degree of Master of Science in National Resource Strategy, National Defense University, USA 2001; Advanced Course on National and International Security, 2002; PhD in Military Science, 2006
He attended courses of the Academy of Advanced Military Studies between 1981 and 1983. Upon graduating from the Academy, he was assigned navigator in a fighter-bomber regiment. He also was appointed as navigator and deputy commander for flight operation nd commander, Air Force Regiment between 1983 and 1989; deputy commander for flight operation, Air Division between 1989 and 1994; deputy commander for operations, commander-Air Force and deputy chief of staff-Air Force and Air Defense Staff between 1994 and 2000; student Industrial College of Armed Forces, National defense University, USA (1 year); student Degree of Master of Science in National Resource Strategy, National Defense University, USA between 2000 and 2001; commander, Air Division between 2001 and 2002; commander, Air Operational Command between 2002 and 2003
1 August 2003 – 12 March 2007, Chief of Romanian Air Force Staff
Commander of Air Division and Air Operational Command between 2001-2003. In August 2003 General Catrina was appointed the Chief of the Romanian Air Force Staff.
He is member of The Hall of Fame International Fellows, National Defence University, Washington DC, USA 
On 12 March 2007, he was discharged from active duty and promoted to the rank of General by President Traian Băsescu.
Personal life.
He is married and has two children, a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9861157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861157" title="Religion in Guatemala">
Religion in Guatemala

In Guatemala 50–60% of the population is Roman Catholicism in Guatemala, 40% Protestant and 1% follow the indigenous Mayan faith. Catholicism was the official religion during the colonial era. However, Protestantism has increased markedly in recent decades. More than one third of Guatemalans are Protestant, chiefly Evangelicals and Pentecostals. Eastern and Oriental Orthodoxy have also been expanding rapidly, especially among indigenous Mayans; Guatemala is now the most Orthodox country in the entire Western Hemisphere.
Roman Catholic.
Catholicism was the main religion during the colonial era. It is common for relevant Mayan practices to be incorporated into Catholic ceremonies and worship when they are sympathetic to the meaning of Catholic belief a phenomenon known as inculturation.
The practice of traditional Mayan religion is increasing as a result of the cultural protections established under the peace accords. The government has instituted a policy of providing altars at every Mayan ruin found in the country so that it is easier for traditional Mayans to worship.
Protestantism.
Current estimates of the Protestant population of Guatemala range from 25 to 40 percent, making it the most Protestant country in Latin America. Most of these Protestants are Pentecostals. The first Protestant missionary, Frederick Crowe, arrived in Guatemala in 1843, but Conservative President Rafael Carrera expelled him in 1845. Protestant missionaries re-entered the country in 1882 under the patronage of Liberal President Justo Rufino Barrios. These Northern Presbyterian missionaries opened the first permanent Protestant church in the country in Guatemala City, which still exists one block behind the presidential palace in zone 1 of Guatemala City. 
Protestants remained a small portion of the population until the late-twentieth century, when various Protestant groups experienced a demographic boom that coincided with the increasing violence of the Guatemalan Civil War. Two Guatemalan heads of state, General Efraín Ríos Montt, who in 2013 was found guilty of genocide and crimes against humanity, and Jorge Serrano Elias, have been practicing Protestants. They are the only two Protestant heads of state in the history of Latin America.
Orthodox Christianity.
"Main article: Orthodox Christianity in Guatemala"
The Orthodox population began expanding markedly beginning in the early 2010s. In 2010, between 100,000 and 200,000 members of a group which had started as a Charismatic Catholic movement before leaving the Catholic Church, were received into Eastern Orthodoxy under the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. 
The Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch, which is Oriental Orthodox, received as many as 500,000 converts from a schismatic Catholic denomination in 2013.
Both the Syriac and Greek Orthodox converts are largely made up of indigenous Mayans.
Latter Day Saints.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints currently has over 215,000 members in Guatemala, accounting for approximately 1.65% of the country's estimated population in 2008. The first member of the LDS Church in Guatemala was baptized in 1948. Membership grew to 10,000 by 1966, and 18 years later, when the Guatemala City Temple was dedicated in 1984, membership had risen to 40,000. By 1998 membership had quadrupled again to 164,000. The LDS Church continues to grow in Guatemala; it has announced and begun the construction of the Quetzaltenango Guatemala Temple, the LDS Church's second temple in the country.
Others.
There are also small communities of Buddhists at around 9,000 to 12,000, Jews estimated between 1,200 and 2,000, Muslims at 1,200 and members of other faiths.

</doc>
<doc id="9861163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861163" title="Vertigo (Olivia Lewis song)">
Vertigo (Olivia Lewis song)

"Vertigo" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English by Olivia Lewis.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number. Lewis describes the difficulties she faces in her relationship, as her lover apparently spends much of his time doing exactly the opposite of what she expects him to. She likens this feeling to vertigo, and wonders if perhaps "solo is the way to go", suggesting that she may choose to end the relationship rather than deal with the problems.
Musically, the song features a tune described as "oriental" and containing elements both of Middle Eastern and Far Eastern music (most notably a gong, struck at various points during the song). Lewis herself performed in a costume made of silk and giving the appearance of being from China.
As Malta had not finished the previous Contest in the top ten, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed twentieth (following Norway's Guri Schanke with "Ven a bailar conmigo" and preceding Andorra's Anonymous with "Salvem el món"). At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 25th in a field of 28 and thus preventing Malta from qualifying for the final. The result represents Malta's first failure to appear in the final since the country relaunched itself at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1991.
It is said by Maltese singer Enzo Gusman that the song itself may be derivative of a song in the film "Vertigo", directed by Alfred Hitchcock.

</doc>
<doc id="9861168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861168" title="Ho v. San Francisco Unified School District">
Ho v. San Francisco Unified School District

Ho v. San Francisco Unified School District was a 1994 lawsuit by the Asian American Legal Foundation challenging the use of racial quotas limiting the enrollment of Chinese Americans by the San Francisco Unified School District. As a result of the case, San Francisco Unified school district switched to a system using a "diversity index" that excluded race as an alternative to the quota system.
Ten years later.
The Ho case ended express use of race in San Francisco public school assignment. The parties to the original desegregation agreement (NAACP v. SFUSD) failed to respond to the challenge to justify the use of race as a factor in admissions. The Ho case was not an adjudication of the merits. The school district was not prepared to make its case and, hence, settled. In the new Consent Decree, the Diversity Index did not use race. Substitutes for race, such as language of the mother and income were used. Nevertheless, the subjective purpose of using a Diversity Index was racial, as the success or failure of the Diversity Index is always discussed in terms of its racial impact.

</doc>
<doc id="9861169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861169" title="Rose Ann Vuich">
Rose Ann Vuich

Rose Ann Vuich (c.1927 - August 30, 2001) served as a member of the California State Senate from 1977 until 1993. She was the first female member of the California State Senate.
The daughter of an immigrant from Serbia, her family settled in the town of Cutler, California where her family began farming. A small packing house was built next to their home to pack and ship the family's crops. A type of white peach later named the "Rose Ann" were grown here. Rose Ann graduated from Orosi Union High School, now Orosi High School. Vuich later moved to the nearby town of Dinuba, California and became a tax accountant. She became a member of the Alta District Hospital Board and President of the Dinuba Chamber of Commerce. Not many initially took notice when she ran for a vacant state Senate seat in 1976, as the area voted Republican in most elections. However, she scored one of the biggest upsets in the state that year when she narrowly defeated Ernest Mobley, a 10 year Republican Assemblyman, in the general election.
Vuich quickly became popular in her conservative district for her unassuming manner and her political independence. She broke with her party on agricultural and law enforcement issues on several occasions. Her Democratic colleagues tolerated that because of the conservative constituency she represented. However, she was willing to stand up to conservatives, angering popular Republican Governor George Deukmejian in 1989 when she voted against confirming his chosen appointee for state Treasurer when the post became vacant [http://online.ceb.com/calcases/C3/45C3d727.htm].
Vuich would ring a bell whenever her fellow Senators addressed the collective members of the Senate as "Gentlemen," to remind them that the chamber was no longer exclusively male.
Vuich retired from politics in 1992. One of her former staffers, Cal Dooley, later became a United States Representative from Hanford, California from 1991 until 2005.
The Rose Anne Vuich Ethical Leadership Award is presented annually by the Kenneth L. Maddy Institute at California State University, Fresno to a person who has demonstrated "integrity, strength of character, exemplary ethical behavior, ability to build consensus, serving the public interest and vision for enhancing the community." Recipients of the Vuich Award include: Juan Arambula (2002) and Cal Dooley (2004).
The interchange of State Route 41 and State Route 180 in Fresno, California is named the Rose Ann Vuich Interchange, and in 2006, Hearing Room 2040 at the California State Capitol was renamed the Rose Ann Vuich Hearing Room. Rose Ann Vuich Park, named in her honor, is located in the city of Dinuba, California.
References.
[http://articles.latimes.com/keyword/rose-ann-vuich]

</doc>
<doc id="9861171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861171" title="Acetone cyanohydrin">
Acetone cyanohydrin

Acetone cyanohydrin (ACH) is an organic compound used in the production of methyl methacrylate, the monomer of the transparent plastic polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA), also known as acrylic.
Preparation.
The compound is generated as part of the acetone cyanohydrin route to methyl methacrylate. It is treated with sulfuric acid to give the sulfate ester of the methacrylamide, methanolysis of which gives ammonium bisulfate and MMA. In the laboratory, this compound may be prepared by reacting sodium cyanide with acetone, followed by acidification:
A simplified procedure involves the action of sodium or potassium cyanide on the sodium bisulfite adduct of acetone prepared "in situ". This gives a less pure product that is suitable for most syntheses.
Natural occurrence.
Cassava tubers contain linamarin, a glucoside of acetohydrin, and the enzyme linamarinase for hydrolysing the glucoside. Crushing the tubers releases these compounds and produces acetone cyanohydrin, which is potentially lethally toxic.
Safety.
Acetone cyanohydrin is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the US Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act. The principal hazards of acetone cyanohydrin arise from its ready decomposition on contact with water, which releases highly toxic hydrogen cyanide.

</doc>
<doc id="9861176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861176" title="Chief cook">
Chief cook

A chief cook (often shortened to cook) is a senior unlicensed crewmember working in the steward's department of a merchant ship.
The chief cook directs and participates in the preparation and serving of meals; determines timing and sequence of operations required to meet serving times; inspects galley and equipment for cleanliness and proper storage and preparation of food. The cook may plan or assist in planning meals and taking inventory of stores and equipment.
A chief cook's duties may overlap with those of the steward's assistant, the chief steward, and other steward's department crewmembers.
In the United States Merchant Marine, in order to be occupied as a chief cook a person has to have a Merchant Mariner's Document issued by the United States Coast Guard. Because of international conventions and agreements, all chief cooks who sail internationally are similarly documented by their respective countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9861182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861182" title="Keith Hopwood">
Keith Hopwood

Keith Hopwood (born 26 October 1946) is an English musician, singer-songwriter, composer, businessman and record producer, who served as the rhythm guitarist and backing vocals for the 1960s pop band, Herman's Hermits. Hopwood also served as a keyboardist, singer and guitarist for the post-Peter Noone outfit, Sour Mash, which recorded an unreleased album, "A Whale of a Tale" for RCA.
Early life.
Born on 26 October 1946 at Park Hospital, Davyhulme area of Manchester, he attended Urmston Grammar School.
Career.
A talented musician and composer, he continues to live and work in the music industry in the UK. Several rare demo recordings from his time in Herman's Hermits are available through his website. Peter Noone credits his old friend with coming up with the idea of recording "Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter" as an afterthought, when Herman's Hermits were short of material for their first album. Noone's heavily accented delivery, together with Hopwood's muted rhythm guitar work, propelled the track to number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. Contrary to many reports, the song was not an old music hall number, and the Hermits did play on the track as well as on many other Herman's Hermits records, including all of the band's number-one US and UK hits.
Ralph McTell recorded the theme tune to Cosgrove Hall's adaptation of "The Wind in the Willows" written by Hopwood and Malcolm Rowe, and this was released as a single in 1984, after the series was aired on ITV. Hopwood also co-wrote the music for Cosgrove Hall's adaptation of Terry Pratchett's "Soul Music" with Phil Bush. A soundtrack album was released in 1997.
Hopwood and Rowe co-wrote and produced the music to the 1989 film adaptation of Roald Dahl's "The BFG". Other Cosgrove Hall shows he composed for were "Creepy Crawlies", "Alias the Jester" with Malcolm Rowe, "Foxbusters", "Andy Pandy", "Discworld", with Phil Bush, and "Albie", alone.
In 2004 he composed the music for the remake of "Pingu" for HIT Entertainment, and started work on "Bob the Builder" TV series and Specials, which was to last until production ceased in 2011.
In 2013 he formed a music rights company, CHF Music, with Cosgrove Hall Fitzpatrick, the newly launched company run by Brian Cosgrove and Simon Hall, to look look after all the music content for their new shows.
Pluto Music.
In 1968, Keith Hopwood and Derek Leckenby founded Pluto Music, a company that composes musical scores for commercials, films, and animation. Leckenby died in 1994, but Hopwood continues operating the company. Pluto Studios has been very successful, providing services to many top acts including The Clash. Hopwood has proved himself a fine soundtrack composer, working mostly on animated television series including the hugely successful "Bob the Builder." Always a composer, he wrote and co-wrote numerous songs recorded by Herman's Hermits, and other bands such as Brinsley Schwarz. Hopwood also promoted the singer-songwriter, Helen Watson.

</doc>
<doc id="9861240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861240" title="Buchie Ibeh">
Buchie Ibeh

Breznev Maduaubuchie Ibeh (born August 4, 1983) is a former American football wide receiver and defensive back who played for the Chicago Rush of the Arena Football League. He then played for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Pioneers in the 2007 season, and traveled with them to the 2007 af2 Arena Cup in Bossier City, Louisiana. Ibeh joined the South Georgia Wildcats in 2008, and played for the Bossier–Shreveport Battle Wings in 2009. He attended Temple University.
Ibeh was born in Newark, New Jersey. Prior to playing at Temple, Ibeh played two years at Hudson Valley Community College in Troy, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9861246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861246" title="Peter Astor">
Peter Astor

Pete Astor (born Abe Smith, 1960) is a British songwriter, singer and multi-instrumentalist, best known for his work with The Loft, The Weather Prophets and Ellis Island Sound.
History.
Pete Astor was born Abe Smith in Colchester, England, in 1959. He formed The Loft in 1980, the band signing to Creation Records and releasing a few singles before splitting up in 1985. He then formed The Weather Prophets, who released three albums between 1986 and 1988. When the Weather Prophets split up, Astor embarked on a solo career with the album "Submarine" in 1990, again on Creation Records, followed by "Zoo" in 1991. Finding success in France, Astor moved to the Danceteria label to release "Paradise" (1992, as "Peter Astor and the Holy Road"), and "God and Other Stories" in 1993. After becoming disillusioned with the music business, he disappeared from view for a number of years, returning in the late 1990s with his Ellis Island Sound and The Wisdom of Harry projects.
In 2005, another Astor solo album, "Hal's Eggs", appeared on Static Caravan Recordings (this time as "Pete" Astor). At around the same time, various Cherry Red compilation albums featuring his work were released, ultimately leading to the surprise reformation of his first band, The Loft.
Astor continues to perform and record with both Ellis Island Sound and The Loft and has recently released "Songbox" on the Second Language label.

</doc>
<doc id="9861250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861250" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G

Men's Super G World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Men's Super G World Cup 1990/91 all three results count.
Men's Super G Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9861323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861323" title="Transit (2005 film)">
Transit (2005 film)

Transit is a 2005 television film made by MTV Europe and Tigerlily Films.
It was filmed in St. Petersburg, Mexico City, Nairobi and Los Angeles and shows the lives of 4 different people travelling across the globe. During their journeys they think and reason about issues of life such as emotionality and sexuality.
Plot.
Transit is presented in a non-linear narrative and follows four main characters from around the world who meet in fortuitous circumstances. The film opens in Los Angeles sometime in 2004 where Asha, an Americanized Indian woman, returns from her trip to Nairobi, Kenya and is riding a taxi driving through the freeway.
The scene fades to black and the story shifts back six months earlier in St. Petersburg, Russia. Tatjana, a secretary, is in an abusive relationship with Yuri, a cab driver who is a drug user. On impulse, she ends the relationship and proceeds to have sex with a Mexican businessman named, Ruben, whom she has flirted with in her boss's office to the chagrin of her close friend, Masha.
Tatjana naively believes that Ruben is the man she wants to be with, and so she ends up flying to Mexico City to follow him. Upon tracking his residence, Tatjana is dismayed when a woman holding a baby in her arms states that she is Ruben's wife after saying that she is looking for Ruben. Tatjana goes to a public park to make a call on a payphone and scream her frustrations to Ruben on the phone. Emotionally tired and exhausted from the flight and carrying her large stroller bag around the city in the heat, Tatjana loses consciousness and faints on the spot.
Nearby, a man has observed Tatjana whilst enjoying a picnic with his friends. A brief flashback of two months prior reveals the man to be Jose Luis, nicknamed Champignon (mushroom) or Champy for short, by his handsome yet womanizing friend, Blanco. Champy feels envy and resentment towards Blanco as he is unsuccessful in finding a girlfriend, whilst Blanco already has a relationship but finds time to enjoy infidelities with beautiful women, despite Blanco's good intentions to pair him with women during his secret trips with his mistresses in Acapulco.
Champy, however, has landed a job with a brewery company, and the story returns to present time to the picnic with Champy, Blanco, and the rest of their friends to celebrate Champy's new job. When Champy sees Tatjana faint after her phone call, he immediately runs to her side with his friends chasing after him. The group crowds around the unknown girl, and one of Champy's female friends suggest that he take her to his apartment to recover.
The story cuts to Los Angeles where Asha is shown with Vip, her fiance who is also an Americanized Indian, having lunch to celebrate an event. It is shown that Asha is a film student on her way to Kenya to shoot her graduation documentary film. Her parents are conservative and traditional Indian people, and they record a heartfelt video message to Asha's uncle and aunt, whom she will be residing with once she arrives in Nairobi.
On the eve before her flight, Asha stumbles upon a sex tape of Vip with one of his female Caucasian colleagues she found while preparing to follow Vip to a nightclub where he his partying with his friends. Hurt by this betrayal, she goes to the nightclub and witnesses with her very eyes that Vip is indeed not the man she knows. The couple argue outside the club and Asha terminates their engagement after it is further revealed that Vip has had more than one instance of his sexual liaisons with other women.
During their fight, Champy is seen by his car packing things in the trunk. The scene then cuts to Champy and Asha in an empty bar, with Champy writing down his contact details on his company's promotional sticky note paper and give it to Asha.
The story then moves to Nairobi, where Asha is living with her relatives. Unfortunately, her documentary project comes to a temporary obstacle, with her original concept scrapped because of lack of funds from her documentary subject, and she is frustrated at having to start over and look for a new story angle. The story also introduces Matthew, a local who is into the burgeoning hip-hop culture of Nairobi.
About the film.
MTV Europe and Tigerlily Films produced this film to air directly on television on all MTV Networks on December 1, the World AIDS Day. Its goal is to make teenagers think about matters such as sex and relationships.
"Transit" was made as part of MTV's Staying Alive campaign, which aims to raise HIV awareness and reduce discrimination against HIV positive individuals.
The film is also available as a free download via the Staying Alive website. Unfortunately this was removed when MTV and the Staying Alive Foundation changed the design of their website in 2008, for the 27th World AIDS Day since the virus, HIV, that eventually leads to the development of AIDS, was discovered. The film Transit can now be found to watch on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="9861347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861347" title="SV Yeşilyurt">
SV Yeşilyurt

SV Yeşilyurt was a German football club from the district of Wedding in Berlin.
History.
The club has its origins in an ethnically-Turkish recreational football club formed in 1973. Less than ten years later the association registered with Berlin's football federation and began a climb that would see them rival Türkiyemspor Berlin as the city's most prominent side within the Turkish community.
The club spent the 90s moving up and down between the Berzirksliga Berlin (VII) and the Landesliga Berlin (VI) before being promoted on the strength of a 2001 Landesliga championship to the Verbandsliga Berlin (V). Two seasons later they claimed the title there and advanced to the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV).
Yeşilyurt enjoyed its most successful season to date in 2001 when they captured the Atatürk Cup in a tournament staged for Turkish clubs in Germany and then emerged as the winners of the Berlin cup competition, known at the time as the Paul Rusch Cup. Their Rusch Cup victory put them through to the opening round of the DFB-Pokal where they went out 4–2 to then Bundesliga side SC Freiburg.
On 16 November 2007 the club withdrew its team from the Oberliga for merging with Berlin AK 07. A new club, SK Yesilyurt 07, was formed, competing in the Kreisliga C, Staffel 4 (XI), the lowest tier in the Berlin league system, in 2008-09. They finished the league as 8th.

</doc>
<doc id="9861350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861350" title="Geração de Orpheu">
Geração de Orpheu

The Geração de Orpheu (Orpheus's Generation) or Grupo de Orfeu refers to a group of men largely responsible for the introduction of Modernism to the arts and letters of Portugal through the vehicle of their tri-monthly publication, "Orpheu" (1915).
Following the lead of other European vanguard movements of the early twentieth century, and taking the Futurist Vladimir Maiakovsky's urgings to heart—and in the scintillating atmosphere of Lisbon's Baixa district—the poets Fernando Pessoa, Mário de Sá-Carneiro and Almada Negreiros, and the painters Amadeo de Souza-Cardoso and Santa Rita Pintor joined together to form a journal of art and literature with principal function of agitating, subverting and scandalizing the Portuguese bourgeoisie and - by extension - all social conventions.
"Orpheu".
The journal's name, "Orpheu" was not chosen by accident - as in Greek myth, Orpheus ("Orfeu" in Portuguese) was the musician who, to save his wife Eurydice from Hades, had to travel from the world of the living with the stipulation to not looking back. It was this metaphor that was important to the men of the Geração de Orpheu: the not looking back, the forgetting, the relinquishing of the past and the concentration of attention and force to the journey ahead, to the future, for the "edification of Portugal in the twentieth century." After bursting onto the Portuguese literary scene in 1915, the journal folded due to financial insolvency, since the father of Sá-Carneiro, unwilling sponsor of the publication, refused the role. Only two issues were published (Jan-Feb-Mar and Apr-May-Jun, 1915). The third issue of "Orpheu", that was already in printing proof, was lost during many years and it was finally recovered and published in 1984.
After "Orpheu".
After the dissolution of "Orpheu", the group however continued to publish in other literary journals. Most notably in 1917, "Portugal Futurista" came out with reproductions of Santa Rita Pintor and Souza-Cardoso, along with the posthumous Futurist poems of Sá-Carneiro and some poetry by Pessoa, under the heteronym Álvaro de Campos. A small constellation of journals flourished with contributions from the Grupo, namely: "Exílio" (1916), "Centauro" (1916), "Portugal Futurista" (1917), "Athena" (1924–1925) and "Presença" (1927–1940) - the journal that ushered in the second wave of Portuguese Modernism.

</doc>
<doc id="9861357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861357" title="Garrick Theatre (Leman St)">
Garrick Theatre (Leman St)

The Garrick Theatre, also known as "Garrick's Subscription" was a small theatre located in Leman St, Whitechapel. The theatre opened in 1831, and closed in about 1881. The theatre was named for the actor, David Garrick, who had made his début at the nearby Goodman's Fields Theatre on 9 October 1741, playing the role of "Richard III".
The performance on 11 May 1840 was "Marie!" and "Virginius the Rum’un!", from an existent playbill. The plays were probably melodramas and some indication of the fare available at the time.
The first theatre burned down in 1846, and was rebuilt to open as "The Albert and Garrick Royal Amphitheatre". During rebuilding from 1852-1854, the neighbour, a gun manufacturer, obtained an injunction against the proprietor, Lawrence Levy, to restrict the height of the adjacent wall so as not to impede light to his premises. The theatre was managed by Lawrence Levy from 1854 until 1864. He returned to manage the theatre between 1867 and 1868. In 1856 E.B. Gaston was Stage Manager. The second theatre had a capacity of 462, although when Lawrence Levy put the theatre up for sale in 1866-1868, he claimed it "will hold 1,600 persons" and "can be made to hold 2,500", and then in 1868 was claiming "Was built for a circus" and "Holds 1,700 persons; can be made for 8,000".
A young Barney Barnato is reputed to have begged pass outs from theatre leavers, to sell them on to others for a halfpenny
After actor-manager J. B. Howe's bankruptcy in 1875, the theatre remained empty until 1879. Actress-manageress May Bulmer then ran the theatre until it was demolished, having a personal success in the light opera "A Cruise to China". Although Lawrence Levy had died in 1873, the theatre was still part of his estate in 1882 when his trustee testified at the Old Bailey in the trial of two men called Culver and Jacobs. They had been claiming to hold the lease of the theatre, and had fraudulently been taking payments from actors on the promise of providing them with engagements. The site of the theatre is today occupied by the old Leman Street Police Station, built in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="9861365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861365" title="Nenad Gajic">
Nenad Gajic

Nenad Gajic (born August 30, 1983 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth of the National Lacrosse League and the New Westminster Salmonbellies of the Western Lacrosse Association.
Lacrosse career.
Gajic was the number 39 pick in the 2004 NLL draft by the San Jose Stealth. He then became a free agent and sat out for two seasons to pursue a hockey career at University of Nebraska-Omaha. Prior to the 2007 season, Gajic signed on with the Colorado Mammoth, where he scored 37 points, was named Transition Player of the Week in week 8, Rookie of the Month for February, and was named to the All-Rookie team.
In the summer, Gajic is the captain of the New Westminster Salmonbellies lacrosse club in the Western Lacrosse Association. Gajic missed the entire 2009 Mann Cup finalist campaign due to injury.
Family.
Nenad's brothers Ilija and Alex also play for the Mammoth. Both were drafted in the 2009 NLL entry draft - Ilija was chosen second overall by the Rochester Knighthawks, while Alex was chosen fifth overall by Colorado. In October 2009, Ilija was acquired by the Mammoth in a trade with Rochester in exchange for forward Gavin Prout. A fourth brother, Milan, is a professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Victoria Salmon Kings of the ECHL.

</doc>
<doc id="9861369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861369" title="Francis Curzon">
Francis Curzon

Francis Curzon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9861378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861378" title="North Rockland High School">
North Rockland High School

North Rockland High School is a high school located in Thiells, New York, serving 9th to 12th grade students from the northern section of Rockland County, in southern New York. It is the only high school in the Haverstraw-Stony Point District.
Administration.
The current principal of NRHS is Dr. Michael J. Gill, who moved from West Haverstraw Elementary School to take over as NRHS Principal. Dr. Gill will become the 4th principal of NRHS in the 2007-2008 school year. Past principals were Dr. George Jochum, Mr. Israel Bordanick and Mr. Dennis Hand. Assistant principals include Francisco Ovalles, Jorge Montero, Dr. Joan Murphy, David Johnson and Isidro Cancel.
2013-... grades 9-12
Budget.
North Rockland Central School District is currently facing increasing costs.
Previous schools.
Students within the school district begin primary school in Stony Point Elementary School, Thiells Elementary School, or West Haverstraw Elementary School, all of which serve grades K-3. Intermediate schoolers attend Haverstraw Elementary School, James A. Farley Elementary School, or Willow Grove Elementary School, which serve grades 4-6. These schools combine into Fieldstone Middle School, which serves grades 7 and 8.
Campus.
North Rockland High School is composed of two buildings. The "Main" Building is a one-story building built during the late 1960s. The Main Building consists of the Main Office, the Guidance Office, the Health Office, the Main Coordinator's Office, Special Education classrooms, a Library, the Main Cafeteria, the Main Gym, English classrooms, Technology classrooms, Math classrooms, Science classrooms, Foreign Language classrooms, Social Studies classrooms, and Music classrooms. The second building is the "Annex". The Annex was built during the 1970s as an expansion to North Rockland High School. Composed of three floors, the first floor consists of the Athletic Office, the Annex Office, the Annex Coordinator's Office, the Annex Cafeteria, the Annex Gym, and Art Classrooms. The second floor consists of the Annex Computer Lab, Social Studies classrooms, and English classrooms. The third floor consists of Science classrooms and few Math classrooms. NRHS in one of the only fully climate-controlled building in the North Rockland Central School District. The other being nearby Fieldstone Middle School.
Courses.
North Rockland High School offers courses on a quarter basis for grades 10, 11 and 12.
In order to graduate, a student must fulfill New York State Graduation Requirements for a New York State Regents Diploma.
Honor societies.
Honor Societies at North Rockland High School include 
Other activities.
Students can also work as tutors for other students through the Homework Center and Math Lab, and can volunteer at the school store (Raging Raider).
Student publications.
Students publish works for the school's reading pleasure, including the newspaper, "The Rambling Raider," the magazine, "Reflections," and the yearbook, made by Recensio.
Sports.
North Rockland's Red Raiders are known for their athleticism and "Raider Pride!" Large crowds are present at most home games.
Athletics include:
Intramurals.
Students can participate in intramurals in Basketball, Fitness, Swimming, and Physical Education Leaders.
Regular events.
Testing.
Opportunities are given for students to take PSATs and SATs several times yearly.
Other events.
Several times yearly the music department produces shows known as "Coffeehouse."
Spirit week, Color Wars between years, and pep rallies are now seen in the fall, under the administration of Dr. Gill.
Miscellaneous.
NRHS is one of the few schools in the country with a digital Planetarium.

</doc>
<doc id="9861379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861379" title="Potentiometric titration">
Potentiometric titration

Potentiometric titration is a technique similar to direct titration of a redox reaction.It is a useful means of charactersing an acid. No indicator is used; instead the potential is measured across the analyte, typically an electrolyte solution. To do this, two electrodes are used, an indicator electrode (the glass electrode and metal ion indicator electrode) and a reference electrode. Reference electrodes generally used are hydrogen electrodes, calomel electrodes, and silver chloride electrodes. The indicator electrode forms an electrochemical half cell with the interested ions in the test solution. The reference electrode forms the other half cell, 
The overall electric potential is calculated as Ecell = Eind - Eref + Esol. Esol is the potential drop over the test solution between the two electrodes. Ecell is recorded at intervals as the titrant is added. A graph of potential against volume added can be drawn and the end point of the reaction is half way between the jump in voltage.
Ecell depends on the concentration of the interested ions with which the indicator electrode is in contact. For example, the electrode reaction may be
Mn++ne------>M
As the concentration of Mn+ changes,the Ecell changes correspondingly.
Thus the potentiometric titration involve measurement of Ecell with the addition of titrant.
types of potentiometric titration:
acid-base titration
(total alkalinity and total acidity), redox titration (HI/HY and cerate),
precipitation titration (halides), and complexometric titration (free EDTA and
Antical #5).

</doc>
<doc id="9861384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861384" title="Fleming valve">
Fleming valve

The Fleming valve, also called the Fleming oscillation valve, was a thermionic valve (or vacuum tube) diode invented in 1904 by John Ambrose Fleming as a detector (rectifier) for use in radio receivers. It was the first type of thermionic diode, which was later widely used as a rectifier in the power supplies of consumer electronic equipment such as radios and televisions until the semiconductor diode replaced it in the 1960s. It was also the first vacuum tube, the forerunner of amplifying vacuum tubes like the triode which dominated electronics for 50 years. The IEEE has described it as "one of the most important developments in the history of electronics", and it is on the List of IEEE Milestones for electrical engineering.
How it works.
The valve consists of an evacuated, sealed glass bulb containing two electrodes: a cathode in the form of a heated filament, a loop of carbon or fine tungsten wire similar to that used in light bulbs of the time; and an anode (called the plate), a metal plate. In early versions this was a flat plate next to the filament, but in later versions it was a cylinder of sheet metal surrounding the filament. In some versions, a grounded copper screen surrounded the bulb, to shield against external electric fields from nearby static charges. 
In operation, a separate current through the filament heats it until it glows. The hot filament emits electrons into the space of the tube, in a process called thermionic emission. The alternating (AC) voltage to be rectified is applied between the filament and the plate. When the plate has a positive voltage with respect to the filament, the electrons are attracted to it, creating a current of electrons through the tube from filament to plate. However, when the plate has a negative voltage, the electrons are not attracted to it, so there is no current through the tube; unlike the filament, the plate does not produce electrons. So current can pass through the tube only in one direction; it rectifies an AC voltage to a pulsing DC current The load is connected in series with the tube and AC source.
This simple picture was complicated to some extent by the presence of residual air in the tube, because the vacuum pumps of the time were not able to create as high a vacuum as exists in modern vacuum tubes. At high voltages, the tube could become unstable and oscillate, but this occurred at voltages far above those normally used.
History.
The Fleming valve was the first practical application of thermionic emission, discovered in 1873 by Frederick Guthrie. As a result of his work on the incandescent light bulb, Thomas Edison made his own discovery of the phenomenon in 1880, which led to it being called the "Edison effect". Edison was granted a patent for this device as part of an electrical indicator in 1884, but did not hit upon any practical use. Professor Fleming of University College London consulted for the Edison Electric Light Company from 1881-1891, and subsequently for the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company. 
In 1901 Fleming designed a transmitter for Guglielmo Marconi to attempt transmission of radio waves across the Atlantic from Poldhu, England, to Nova Scotia, Canada. The distance between the two points was about . Although the contact, reported November 12, 1901, was widely heralded as a great scientific advance at the time, there is also some skepticism about the claim, because the received signal, the three dots of the Morse code letter "S", was so weak the primitive receiver had difficulty distinguishing it from atmospheric radio noise caused by static discharges, leading later critics to suggest it may have been random noise. Regardless, it was clear that reliable transatlantic communication with the existing transmitter required more sensitive receiving apparatus. 
The receiver for the transatlantic demonstration employed a coherer, which had poor sensitivity and degraded the tuning of the receiver. This led Fleming to look for a detector which was more sensitive and reliable while at the same time being better suited for use with tuned circuits. In 1904 Fleming tried an Edison effect bulb for this purpose, and found that it worked well to rectify high frequency oscillations and thus allow detection of the rectified signals by a galvanometer. On November 16, 1904, he applied for a US patent for what he termed an oscillation valve. This patent was subsequently issued as number 803,684 and found immediate utility in the detection of messages sent by Morse code.
Oscillation valves.
The Fleming valve proved to be the start of a technological revolution. After reading Fleming's 1905 paper on his oscillation valve, American engineer Lee DeForest in 1906 created a three-element vacuum tube, the Audion, by adding a wire grid between cathode and anode. It was the first electronic amplifying device, allowing the creation of amplifiers and continuous wave oscillators. De Forest quickly refined his device into the triode, which became the basis of long-distance telephone and radio communications, radars, and early digital computers for 50 years, until the advent of the transistor in the 1960s. Fleming sued De Forest for infringing his valve patents, resulting in decades of expensive and disruptive litigation, which were not settled until 1943 when the United States Supreme Court ruled Fleming's patent invalid.
Power applications.
Later, when vacuum tube equipment began to be powered from wall power by transformers instead of batteries, the Fleming valve was developed into a rectifier to produce the DC plate (anode) voltage required by other vacuum tubes. Around 1914 Irving Langmuir at General Electric developed a high voltage version called the Kenotron which was used to power x-ray tubes. As a rectifier, the tube was used for high voltage applications but its high internal resistance made it inefficient in low voltage, high current applications. Up until vacuum tube equipment was replaced by transistors in the 1970s, radios and televisions usually had one or more diode tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="9861420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861420" title="Daly (surname)">
Daly (surname)

Daly is an Irish surname, derived from the Gaelic Ó Dálaigh. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9861428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861428" title="American Chestnut Cooperators Foundation">
American Chestnut Cooperators Foundation

The American Chestnut Cooperators Foundation is a nonprofit dedicated to re-establishing the American chestnut, Castanea dentata, as a viable species using only pure American chestnut genetic stock. They differ from the American Chestnut Foundation, which is seeking to re-establish the species using hybrid stock.
The Cooperators Foundation is based at Virginia Tech. They have several breeding nurseries, where chestnuts which express known blight resistance are cross-pollinated to produce seeds. These breeding trees have been grown from cuttings from forest trees that survived into the 1960s and beyond. The seeds are then propagated at the Clements State Tree Nursery in West Virginia. The seedlings are distributed to growers who plant them in field trials. To date, well over one hundred thousand seedlings have been planted. The hope is that the random genetic recombinations will eventually result in highly resistant specimens that can be used to re-establish the species.

</doc>
<doc id="9861445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861445" title="Jeanette Kawas National Park">
Jeanette Kawas National Park

Jeanette Kawas National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Jeannette Kawas) is a national park located in the municipality of Tela, on the northern Caribbean coast of the Atlántida department of Honduras. It was established on 4 November 1994. The park covers an area of 781.62 square kilometres and has an altitude of 900 metres. The park was created and is managed by the PROLANSATE foundation (protection of Lancetilla, Punta Sal and Texiguat).
History.
The park was originally named Punta Sal National Park, but the name was changed to Jeanette Kawas National Park in honor of Jeanette Kawas, an environmental activist and PROLANSATE president who was murdered on February 6, 1995 for her work trying to keep the palm plantations out of the park.
Jeanette Kawas National Park is part of the Ramsar Convention List of Wetlands of International Importance and was designated as such on March 28, 1995.
Geography.
Located at 15º51'N 087º40'W between longitudes 87º29' and 87º52' west and latitudes 15º42' and 16º00' north on the northern coast of Honduras. It has an area of 781.5 square kilometers.
Ecosystems.
The park is made up of varied marine, terrestrial and wetlands ecosystems with a large number of species. These ecosystems include:
beaches, tropical forests, inundated forests, mangroves forests, lagoon and rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="9861462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861462" title="Limit point compact">
Limit point compact

In mathematics, a topological space "X" is said to be limit point compact or weakly countably compact if every infinite subset of "X" has a limit point in "X". This property generalizes a property of compact spaces. In a metric space, limit point compactness, compactness, and sequential compactness are all equivalent. For general topological spaces, however, these three notions of compactness are not equivalent.

</doc>
<doc id="9861466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861466" title="Charles Pergler">
Charles Pergler

Karel Pergler, known also by Anglicized Charles Pergler (Liblín, March 6, 1882 – Washington, D.C., August 14, 1954) was a Czech-American lawyer, journalist, diplomat and politician. He was a Czechoslovak First Republic ambassador to the United States and Japan.
Pergler was born in Liblín, Bohemia, but moved to the United States at a young age. When his father died, the family moved back to Bohemia, where Pergler got active in the socialist and nationalist movements supporting Czechoslovak independence from Austria-Hungary. He went back to the United States in 1903, studying law at Kent State, and afterwards practicing law in Iowa till 1917.
He became ambassador to the United States after Czechoslovak independence in 1918, then becoming ambassador to Japan in 1920. He was dismissed from the foreign service in 1921, with his pension taken away, because of fraud at the Tokyo embassy. He returned to the United States, obtaining a Master of Laws degree from American University. He would return to Czechoslovakia in 1929, where he worked together with Radola Gajda and Jiří Stříbrný against Edvard Beneš, and got elected to parliament. In February 1931 he had to relinquish his post, because issues were raised over his citizenship. He returned to America, and taught at various universities. He died in Washington, D.C., in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="9861473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861473" title="Appeal for Courage">
Appeal for Courage

Appeal For Courage is an appeal by United States military personnel in favor of the Iraq War to the United States Congress.
The group is independent and non-partisan, but supported by Families United for Our Troops and their Mission, Vets for Freedom, and Military Families Voice of Victory. It was established in February 2007 largely as a response to the Appeal for Redress.
The group solicits members of the U.S. military to support an appeal to the U.S. Congress:
The appeal with over 2700 names was delivered by Bob Wallace, executive director of Veterans of Foreign Wars, to Congressman John Boehner, Senator Lindsey Graham, and five other members of Congress on May 9, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9861507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861507" title="Easy Tiger">
Easy Tiger

Easy Tiger is the ninth studio album by Ryan Adams, released on June 26, 2007, on the Lost Highway label. Although the album is attributed solely to Adams, "Easy Tiger" features The Cardinals as his backing band, with Adams stating: "The only real concept of this record was complete and utter collaboration." In an interview, Adams states that the album contains "very, very simple, very easy songs that, in my opinion, were written on the periphery of some more complex work." "Easy Tiger" marks the first appearance of both guitarist Neal Casal and bassist Chris Feinstein, following the departures of J.P. Bowersock and Catherine Popper, respectively. Following the album's release, producer James Candiloro would go on to join The Cardinals as the band's pianist and keyboard player.
The album debuted at #7 on the Billboard 200 with Adams highest first-week sales (61,000) and has sold 217,000 copies in the U.S. and 500,000 worldwide. Furthermore, the album debuted in Canada, Estonia and Switzerland where Ryan Adams has never had an album chart before. "Halloweenhead" was #45 in "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.
In 2010, Adams would go on to release two further studio albums that stemmed from "Easy Tiger"'s recording sessions: "III/IV", a double album recorded prior to Catherine Popper's departure, and "Orion", a heavy metal collaboration between Adams and producer Jamie Candiloro.
Release and song information.
The vinyl release of "Easy Tiger" is credited to "Ryan Adams & The Cardinals".
"Off Broadway" first appeared on the bootleg "The Suicide Handbook", a compilation of unreleased demo recordings, and was performed as early as 2001. "These Girls" previously appeared as "Hey There, Mrs. Lovely" on Adams' unreleased 2000 album "Destroyer".
Sheryl Crow provides backing vocals on the track "Two", which was featured in the film "Hancock".
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 76 out of 100 based on 29 "generally favorable reviews". "Real Detroit Weekly" gave it a favorable review and called it "a mosaic masterpiece of past works." "The A.V. Club" gave it a B+ and said, " On the whole, "Easy Tiger" isn't quite as strong as 2005's "Cold Roses"—and even that release was naggingly inconsistent. But Adams has a history of making scattershot records: 50 percent brilliant, 25 percent okay, and 25 percent hackery. By the standards he's set for himself, "Easy Tiger" is one of his best, if only because it beats the percentages." "The New York Times" gave it a favorable review and said, "It is focused—read: not insanely self-indulgent—in a way that recalls albums of his like 'Heartbreaker' and 'Gold'." "The Observer" gave it a score of four stars out of five and called it Adams' "most rounded creation". "Uncut" gave it a score of four stars out of five and said, "The real triumph of Easy Tiger is less rooted in the sound, more in the attitude." "Slant Magazine" also gave it four stars out of five and said that what the album "lacks in craft or measure, it makes up for in raw inspiration, which makes it all the more addictive." "Now" also gave it four stars out of five and said of Adams and his songs: "The Sheryl Crow duet works where his Norah Jones collabo didn't; 'I Taught Myself How To Grow Old' is classic tortured Adams, and 'Pearls On A String' is a rewarding reflection of the time he spent hanging out with Willie Nelson." Sputnikmusic also gave it a score of four out of five and said it was "at least Adams' best release since "Love is Hell" and it may even be the long awaited successor to "Heartbreaker"." "The Village Voice" also gave it a favorable review and said, "The lived-in songs and careful presentation of "Easy Tiger" make for one of the strongest records of his second career as a solo artist."
"Alternative Press" gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five and said that "Adams often finds himself reliving his past glories." Tiny Mix Tapes also gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five and said that the album was not Adams' best, "but it's got focus and a lot of heart." "Billboard" gave it a positive review and said, "This 'Tiger' is fairly tame, but that's OK." "The Boston Globe" also gave it a positive review and said, "Gone is the petulant enfant terrible, and with it a certain sparkle and swagger that made a record like "Gold" careen from the speakers." "Stylus Magazine" gave it a B− and said it "sounds like the kind of album Adams could churn out every 18 months for the rest of his life." Other reviews are very mixed: an example of this is "Prefix Magazine", which gave the album an average review and called it "a tightrope walker, constantly straddling the line between sincerity and unapologetic rocking."

</doc>
<doc id="9861527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861527" title="Adenosine thiamine triphosphate">
Adenosine thiamine triphosphate

Adenosine thiamine triphosphate (AThTP), or thiaminylated adenosine triphosphate, is a natural thiamine adenine nucleotide. It was discovered in "Escherichia coli" where it may account for up to 15 - 20% of total thiamine under carbon starvation. AThTP exists also, though at much lower levels, in eukaryotic organisms such as yeast, roots of higher plants and animal tissues. It was found to exist in small amounts in the muscle, heart, brain, kidneys and liver of mice.
In "E. coli" AThTP is synthesized from thiamine diphosphate (ThDP) according the following reaction catalyzed by thiamine diphosphate adenylyl transferase:
Structure and function.
The molecule is made up of thiamine an adenine base joinsed together with phosphate groups. It is similar in structure to NAD+. The function of AThTP is not currently know but it has been shown to inhibit the activity of PARP-1. 

</doc>
<doc id="9861568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861568" title="The Enchanted Snake">
The Enchanted Snake

The Enchanted Snake or The Snake is an Italian fairy tale. Giambattista Basile wrote a variant in the "Pentamerone". Andrew Lang drew upon this variant, for inclusion in "The Green Fairy Book".
It is Aarne-Thompson type 425A, the search for the lost husband. Others of this type include "The Black Bull of Norroway", "The Brown Bear of Norway", "The Daughter of the Skies", "The King of Love", "The Enchanted Pig", "The Tale of the Hoodie", "Master Semolina", "The Sprig of Rosemary", "East of the Sun and West of the Moon", and "White-Bear-King-Valemon".
Synopsis.
A poor woman longed for a child. One day, she saw a little snake in the forest and said that even snakes had children; the little snake offered to be hers. The woman and her husband raised the snake. When it was grown, it wanted to marry, and not to another snake but to the king's daughter. The father went to ask, and the king said that the snake should have her if he could turn all the fruit in the orchard into gold. The snake told his father to gather up all the pits he could find and sow them in the orchard; when they sprang up, all the fruits were gold.
The king then demanded that the walls and paths of his palace be turned to precious stones; the snake had his father gathered up broken crockery and threw it at the walls and paths, which transformed them, making them glitter with the many coloured gems.
The king then demanded that the castle be turned to gold; the snake had his father rub the walls with a herb, which transformed them.
The king told his daughter, Grannonia, he had tried to put off this suitor but failed. Grannonia said that she would obey him. The snake came in a car of gold, drawn by elephants; everyone else ran off in fright, but Grannonia stood her ground. The snake took her into a room, where he shed his skin and became a handsome young man. The king, fearing that his daughter was being eaten, looked through the keyhole, and seeing this, grabbed the skin and burned it. The youth exclaimed that the king was a fool, turned into a dove, and flew off.
Grannonia set out in search of him. She met a fox and traveled with him. In the morning as the princess remarked on the wondrous sounds of the birdsongs, the fox told her the birdsong would be even better if she knew what the birds were saying: that a prince had been cursed to take a snake's form for seven years, that near the end of the time, he had fallen in love with and married a princess, but that his snake skin had been burned, and he had struck his head while he fled, and was now in the care of doctors. The fox then told her that the blood of the birds would cure him, and he caught them for her. Then he told her that his blood was also needed; she persuaded him to go with her and killed him.
She went to her husband's father and promised to cure the prince if he would marry her; the king agreed and she cured him. The prince refused because he had already pledged himself to another woman. The princess, pleased, revealed that she was that woman and they married.
Commentary.
The urging of her father to marry the beast because he had promised her represents a factor clearly present in arranged marriages. This tale has been intrepreted as symbolically representing an arranged marriage; the bride's revulsion to marrying a stranger being symbolized by his bestial form.

</doc>
<doc id="9861569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861569" title="Mid Ulster (Assembly constituency)">
Mid Ulster (Assembly constituency)

Mid Ulster is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the Mid Ulster UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983-95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
Mid Ulster is only 1 of 2 constituencies in Northern Ireland (the other one being Foyle) which has returned the same number of Assembly members from the same parties at each election - 3 Sinn Féin, 1 SDLP, 1 UUP and 1 DUP.
The most high-profile MLA for the constituency is Martin McGuinness, the Deputy First Minister.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Mid Ulster (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from Mid Ulster. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. Mid Ulster elected 6 members as follows:
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The six members elected from Mid Ulster were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The six members elected from Mid Ulster were:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9861571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861571" title="Susan Sherouse">
Susan Sherouse

Susan Sherouse is an American violinist from Lakeland, Florida. She attended the Lois Cowles Harrison Center for the Visual and Performing Arts, from which she graduated in 2001. She continued her education at Palm Beach Atlantic University. She most commonly tours and records with John Ralston and Dashboard Confessional, and has accompanied the latter in performances on "The Tonight Show" and "Late Show with David Letterman"

</doc>
<doc id="9861592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861592" title="Inka Wasi">
Inka Wasi

Inka Wasi or Inkawasi (Quechua "Inka" Inca, "wasi" house, "Inca house", hispanicized spellings "Inca Huasi, Incahuasi, Incaguasi") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9861598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861598" title="Judah ben Isaac Cardinal">
Judah ben Isaac Cardinal

Judah ben Isaac Cardinal (or "Cardineal") was a translator who lived at the end of the twelfth century and the beginning of the thirteenth, probably in southern France. 
At the request of Joseph ben Baruch, who, according to Leopold Zunz, traveled from France to Jerusalem by way of Egypt in 1211, Cardinal translated from Arabic into Hebrew Judah ha-Levi's "Kuzari". This translation, which, with the exception of several small fragments, is no longer in existence, was used by Nathanael ben Nehemiah Kaspi in his commentary on the "Kuzari" entitled '"Edut le-Yisrael", and also by Judah ben Joseph Moscato in his commentary "Qol Yehudah".

</doc>
<doc id="9861601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861601" title="Alexander Nesmeyanov">
Alexander Nesmeyanov

Alexander Nikolaevich Nesmeyanov ForMemRS (); 9 September 1899, Moscow - 17 January 1980, Moscow) was a prominent Soviet chemist and academician (1943) specializing in organometallic chemistry. He obtained his degree in chemistry in 1920 from Moscow State University where he thereafter served as lecturer, professor, and eventually rector.
He was the President of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in 1951–1961. As the rector of the Moscow State University in 1948–1951, he oversaw the construction of its new campus at Sparrow Hills. He was twice awarded the title Hero of Socialist Labor (1969, 1979).
He had organized and headed the laboratory of organometallic compounds first in the Institute of Organic Chemistry of USSR (1939–1954) and then in the new Institute of Organoelement Compounds of USSR (1954–1980) as the founder and the first director. This institute and the nearby street were named after A. N. Nesmeyanov. His monument is placed in front of the institute.
Prof. Nesmeyanov had popularized the term "organometallic chemistry" and became the leader of this science in USSR. He had also organized the investigations of artificial and synthetic food chemistry. Prof. Nesmeyanov had discovered the reaction of diazo-compounds with metal halides which was later named after him. This reaction is widely used for the synthesis of organic derivatives of non-transition metals with their further transformation into various classes of organometallic compounds. Prof. Nesmeyanov had also developed a number of industrial chemistry processes, including production of pharmaceuticals, antiknock agents, and artificial black caviar. The later was the first commercial protein analogue product.

</doc>
<doc id="9861604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861604" title="Fermanagh and South Tyrone (Assembly constituency)">
Fermanagh and South Tyrone (Assembly constituency)

Fermanagh and South Tyrone () is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the Fermanagh and South Tyrone UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Fermanagh and South Tyrone (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from Fermanagh & South Tyrone. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. Fermanagh & South Tyrone elected 5 members as follows:
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The six members elected from Fermanagh & South Tyrone were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The six members elected from Fermanagh & South Tyrone were:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.
1975.
Note : Ernie Baird, David Calvert, John McKay and Harry West were all UUUC endorsed candidates.
1973.
Austin Currie, John Taylor and Harry West were all members of the Northern Ireland House of Commons when it was prorogued in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9861655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861655" title="Del Paso Heights, Sacramento, California">
Del Paso Heights, Sacramento, California

Del Paso Heights is a neighborhood within the city of Sacramento in Sacramento County, California, United States. The generally recognized borders of Del Paso Heights consist of the Beltline Freeway Interstate 80 on the north, Norwood Avenue on the west, Arcade creek on the south, and Roseville Road on the east. Del Paso Heights is located in Area 4 of Sacramento which is defined as the city north of the American River.
History.
Del Paso Heights was originally part of a Rancho Del Paso Mexican land grant to Eliab Grimes in 1844. James Ben Ali Haggin acquired the land in 1862. He converted the ranch on the property into a thoroughbred horse breeding farm, producing California's first Kentucky Derby winner in 1886. Del Paso Heights was part of the census-designated place of Del Paso Heights-Robla, which recorded a population of 11,495 in 1960.
Geography.
Del Paso Heights is located at 38.6360152 degrees north and 121.4202312 degrees west (38°38′10″N 121°25′13″W). The area extends north to south from I-80 to Arcade Creek and east to west from Marysville Blvd. to Western Ave. North Sacramento lies adjacent to Del Paso Heights. It is bounded by Arcade Creek on the north, Arden Way on the south, and Auburn Blvd. on the east, and Western Ave. on the west (Map of the two communities, Appendix 1).
Demographics.
There is considerable ethnic diversity, particularly in Del Paso Heights, where many Southeast Asian families have taken up residence in the last decade. In the 1990 census, for example, the population of Del Paso Heights was 49% African American (13,213) and 16% Asian/Pacific Islander (4,319). The neighborhood has a crime rate 1.9 times higher than average for Sacramento county. The neighborhood has a population of 34,879 and is roughly 23% African-American.

</doc>
<doc id="9861675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861675" title="Airspeed Ferry">
Airspeed Ferry

The Airspeed AS.4 Ferry was a 1930s British three-engined ten-seat biplane airliner built by Airspeed Limited at York.
Design and development.
Designed to meet a requirement for a pleasure flying airliner from Sir Alan Cobham (an Airspeed director), the Ferry was an unusual configuration biplane with a third engine mounted in the upper wing (it was usual to mount a third engine in the nose). The engine arrangement was designed to give the pilot a better view. Not all three engines were the same, the lower engines were de Havilland Gipsy IIs, and the upper wing had an inverted de Havilland Gipsy III.
Operational history.
The first aircraft G-ABSI "Youth of Britain II" first flew on 10 April 1932 from Sherburn-in-Elmet Airfield, followed soon after by the second aircraft G-ABSJ "Youth of Britain III". In the first season of operating, the two aircraft carried 92,000 passengers.
The outbreak of World War II caused the first aircraft (G-ABSI) to be impressed into service with the Royal Air Force in 1940 as AV968 and used at Halton until November 1940. It later became an instructional airframe registered as 2758M.
The second aircraft was sold in India to Himalaya Air Transport and Survey Company Limited in 1934 as VT-AFO. It was used to ferry pilgrims from Hardwar to Gaucher. It was destroyed by vandals in a hangar fire in 1936.
The third (G-ACBT) and fourth (G-ACFB) aircraft were built for the Midland and Scottish Air Ferries Ltd and used on services from Renfrew to Campbeltown, Belfast and Speke. The firm closed in 1934 and the aircraft were put up for sale. G-ACBT was not sold and was dismantled in 1941. G-ACFB returned to England to be used for pleasure flying for Air Publicity Ltd. It was impressed into service with the Royal Air Force in 1941 and later became an instructional airframe.

</doc>
<doc id="9861706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861706" title="Charlie Hickman">
Charlie Hickman

Charles Taylor Hickman (March 4, 1876 – April 19, 1934) was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of twelve seasons in Major League Baseball as a utility player for the Boston Beaneaters (1897–99), New York Giants (1900–01), Boston Americans (1902), Cleveland Bronchos/Naps (1902–04 and 1908), Detroit Tigers (1904–05), Washington Senators (1905–07) and Chicago White Sox (1907).
He died in Morgantown, West Virginia at the age of 58.
Playing career.
Hickman was born in Taylortown, Pennsylvania and played one season of college baseball with the West Virginia Mountaineers in 1897. Despite being saddled with the nickname 'Piano Legs,' Hickman was an above-average base runner who amassed 91 career triples and several inside-the-park home runs. He also had an above-average range factor throughout his career (although a sub-par fielder; in 1900 he set a record by committing 86 errors as a third baseman). He helped the Beaneaters win the 1897 and 1898 National League pennants.
He led the American League in hits (193) and total bases (288) in 1902 and at Bats per home run (43.5) in 1903. In 12 seasons he played in 1,081 games and had 3,982 at bats, 478 runs, 1,176 hits, 217 doubles, 91 triples, 59 home runs, 614 RBI, 72 stolen bases, 153 walks, .295 batting average, .331 on-base percentage, .440 slugging percentage, 1,752 total bases and 59 sacrifice hits.
As a pitcher he had a 10–8 win-loss record, in 30 games, with 22 games started; 15 complete games, 3 shutouts, 8 games finished, 4 saves, 185 innings pitched, 175 hits allowed, 105 runs allowed, 88 earned runs allowed, 4 home runs allowed, 94 walks allowed, 37 strikeouts, 12 hit batsmen, 4 wild pitches, 62 batters faced and a 4.28 ERA.
Coaching career.
Hickman coached the West Virginia Mountaineers baseball team for four season, in 1913 and 1915–1917. His career record was 58–23–1.

</doc>
<doc id="9861717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861717" title="Robla, Sacramento, California">
Robla, Sacramento, California

Robla is a neighborhood located within the city of Sacramento, California. The borders of Robla are generally considered to be city limits on the north adjacent to Rio Linda, McClellan Park on the east, the Beltline Freeway Interstate 80 on the south, and Northgate Boulevard on the west. Robla was part of the "Unincorporated place" of Del Paso Heights-Robla, which recorded a population of 11,495 in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="9861728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861728" title="Dan Roycroft">
Dan Roycroft

Dan Roycroft (born February 23, 1978) is a Canadian cross country skier who has been competing since 1998. He has competed in the 2003, 2005, and 2007 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with his best placings being 29th in the 50km event in 2007 and 31st in the 50km in 2005. 
Roycroft competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics, earning his best finish of 39th in the 15 km + 15 km double pursuit. His best FIS World Cup result is 15th in the 15 km + 15 km double pursuit in Whistler, BC, Canada in 2009. He has 4 national championships in his career with two in 2003 (30km classic & 50km classic) one in 2006 (15km skate), and one in 2007 (10km Skate).
Roycroft created and runs Zone4 Systems which is an online registration system and race timing software company. He has also created and runs the iLog Internet Training Log Systems for endurance athletes and coaches to record and maintain daily training logs.

</doc>
<doc id="9861742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861742" title="East Londonderry (Assembly constituency)">
East Londonderry (Assembly constituency)

East Londonderry is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections prior to 1996, the constituency was largely part of the Londonderry constituency with a small part around Portrush coming from North Antrim constituency. Since 1997, it has shared boundaries with the East Londonderry UK Parliament constituency.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see East Londonderry (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from East Londonderry. They were as follows:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Elections.
2011.
Note: David McClarty appeared on the ballot paper with no description, however had previously made clear that he was fighting the election as an Independent Unionist.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9861744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861744" title="Europa 1400">
Europa 1400

Europa 1400: The Guild (also titled "Europa 1400" or "The Guild") is a simulation game set in Europe from the year 1400 up to 1815. In it, the player tries to guide a family dynasty to power and wealth, starting from one character of limited means. Players can choose from a variety of initial businesses (including iron smith, tavern, church and thieves' guild) and historic cities (including Berlin and London). As the family business and social standing grows, more options become available, even high political rank.
The game has one expansion pack, "Die Gilde: Gaukler, Gruften & Geschütze", released in March 2003. "The Guild (Gold Edition)", consisting of the original game and the expansion, was released in November 2005;
A Nintendo DS port of "The Guild" was released in 2009.
4HEAD Studios and JoWood Productions released a sequel, "The Guild 2", in 2006.
Gameplay.
Throughout the game, the player may indulge in intrigues, rise to a position in government, and obtain titles.
Each title allows the player to upgrade their house by one level, which starts as a hovel and culminates in a palace. Each successively higher title increases the player's influence, allowing such things as sabotage, spying, blackmail, or taking opponents to court.
One of the main features of the title is the good and bad duality present in the various aspects throughout the character's life. The player may bribe people to get them on their side, or they may genuinely like them. The player may kidnap members from rival dynasties or forge alliances with them. This gives the game added replayability, since the scenarios are never the same.
Another prominent quality of "The Guild" is the nonlinear gameplay, or, the ability to extend the same game for a very long time if the player is careful and dedicated enough. Every time the player's current character dies, the heir takes his/her place as long as a certain age requirement is met.
Businesses.
In "The Guild", the player may follow whichever career path they choose. These range from Blacksmith to Innkeeper, going through Thief and Money Lender as well as a few others. As the character ages and gets richer, the option to acquire new professions will emerge. In this way, the fourth generation of the player's dynasty might have access to more than four professions, while the first one will have only one. Each profession within a family has its own business establishment.
To run a certain business, it's necessary to possess the respective title given by an "association" (a guild of sorts). Titles enable the player to have an establishment but it also determines what type it will be. Titles also come with levels and the higher the player goes on the ladder, the better the businesses available become. The player may only apply for the next level (or first, in case they're not specialized in that job) of the profession when a given criteria is met.
Managing the player's business can be approached in different ways. The player is able to micromanage their businesses, such as by purchasing raw goods, choosing what to manufacture, and setting prices of goods. However, it is not necessary to do this in order to become wealthy. Players are also given the option to hire a manager and have their business run for them by this manager. This usually results in lower profits in the long run. Lastly, the player may assign certain tasks to their manager while retaining other tasks for themself.
In an attempt to keep the realism in the game, cities have limited space to build structures, be they residential houses or businesses. However, should the player choose to, it is possible to buy a property, tear the structure down, and erect a different type of structure. This feature greatly extends the possibilities of the game.
Politics.
No matter what city the player chooses, the political structure is always the same. There's a Town Council that contains several different offices in different branches which are in a fixed hierarchy. Every time an office in the immediate upper level to the player's has an opening, the player is given the choice to run for it. When the character has no participation in the Town Council, they may submit their candidacy for the lowest level of office. The people occupying the offices above the one in question vote at the end of the year, and the candidate with the most votes gets elected.
Occupying a certain seat within the Town Council grants the player a set of privileges which are more beneficial as the office goes higher up in the hierarchy. For instance, while a Night Watchman might have the ability to arrest a citizen, a Judge is completely immune to any sort of lawsuit filed against them by their rivals.
Given the benefits that come with being in office, getting voted by their fellow citizens is often a hard feat to accomplish and there's always more than a few candidates to go up against. To get their way, players may opt for several different methods to secure their place, such as bribes, or by running for office where they know a member of their family is going to vote for them.

</doc>
<doc id="9861748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861748" title="Naveen Soni">
Naveen Soni

Naveen Soni is an anchor with Zee Business and hosts their stock market and personal finance shows. He is perhaps the oldest and most popular face in Hindi Stock Markets coverage.
Soni, a trained Business Economist, did his Post-graduation in Business Economics (MBE) from Kurukshetra University. He started his career in Business Broadcast Journalism with the Delhi-based Jain TV in 2001. He later went to Mumbai to join Nimbus to host stock market shows on Doordarshan. He became known with the investor call-in based programme 'Investor's World' during the US-64 scam.
Soni came back to Delhi to rejoin Jain TV for a short stint before going to CNBC, when TV18 was planning to launch its Hindi initiative 'Awaaz'. He hosted Your Stocks, Bazar Aaj and Aaj Ka Karobar on CNBC India.
He didn't stay there for long and quit CNBC TV18 in 2004 end to join Zee's new Business channel and is now head of their stock market segment. He can be seen hosting shows like Apka Bazar, Antim Baazi in stocks and The Money Show and Money Guru in the Personal Finance segment. Some even regard him as the face of Zee Business.
In 2008, Amity Business School rewarded him as the Best Business News Anchor for the year. Soni's core strength is believed to be understanding the pulse of investors and he is popular for talking like a friend (and sometimes like a family member) to his viewers. He has developed a unique style of anchoring which involves talking markets and investments in a simple and day to day jargon free language. He is also credited with bringing the hardcore and grassroot words used by broker community to use in Indian Media.

</doc>
<doc id="9861756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861756" title="Nikolay Vasilyevich Belov">
Nikolay Vasilyevich Belov

Nikolay Vasilyevich Belov (; December 14, 1891 - March 6, 1982) was a Soviet crystallographer, geochemist, academician (1953), and Hero of Socialist Labor (1969).

</doc>
<doc id="9861767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861767" title="Foyle (Assembly constituency)">
Foyle (Assembly constituency)

Foyle is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections prior to 1996, the constituency was largely part of the Londonderry constituency. Since 1997, it has shared boundaries with the Foyle UK Parliament constituency.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see Foyle (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from Foyle. They were as follows:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9861783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861783" title="West Tyrone (Assembly constituency)">
West Tyrone (Assembly constituency)

West Tyrone is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections prior to 1996, the constituency was largely part of the Mid Ulster constituency with a smaller section coming from Fermanagh and South Tyrone constituency. Since 1997, it has shared boundaries with the West Tyrone UK Parliament constituency.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see West Tyrone (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from West Tyrone. They were as follows:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9861797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861797" title="Choia">
Choia

Choia is a genus of extinct demosponge ranging from the Cambrian until the Lower Ordovician periods. Fossils of "Choia" have been found in the Burgess Shale in British Columbia; the Maotianshan shales of China; the Wheeler Shale in Utah; and the Lower Ordovician Fezouata formation.
Life habit.
"Choia" was originally thought to be not attached to the sea bed: the living animal was originally thought to rest directly on the substrate, with the radiating spines from the edge of its flattish, conical body, giving an appearance not unlike that of the peak of a big top, with guy lines. Recently discovered fossils from Lower Ordovician Morocco show that the living animal was actually suspended high above the seafloor, attached via stalk-like spines derived from spicules. Water is assumed to have entered the sponge parallel to the spines, being expelled, presumably, from a central opening. Species reached up to an average of 28 mm in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="9861811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861811" title="Alice Frey">
Alice Frey

Alice Frey (25 June 1895 – 30 August 1981) was a Belgian painter.
Born in Antwerp, Alice was one of three children. She was trained as a dressmaker, a trade which she later taught as a school teacher. As with many Belgian families, the Freys left their home in the First World War, moving to Ostend. There Alice met painter James Ensor who became a close friend. Ensor encouraged Alice's interest in art, and after the war she enrolled as student in the Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, where she studied drawing and painting.
It was as a student that she met her future husband Georges Marlier, himself later a noted art critic and painter. They married in 1922. Together they formed part of a group known as "Lumière", which published a journal. A second journal, "Ça Ira", was established by Alice, and these formed part of the avant-garde movement in Belgium in the 1920s.
Alice Frey's work was widely exhibited in her lifetime. In her later years she became profoundly deaf and lived alone in Ostend. On her death in 1981, much of her work was sold at auction, and only the small collection that she willed to Ostend is accessible. Stylistically, Frey's work was influenced by Marc Chagall, Ensor, and Edgard Tytgat. Her early works are expressionist, while her later work may be closer to magic realism.

</doc>
<doc id="9861820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861820" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom

Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1990/91 all results count.
Men's Giant Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9861839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861839" title="1675 in Ireland">
1675 in Ireland

Events from the year 1675 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9861844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861844" title="Zaleski State Forest">
Zaleski State Forest

Zaleski State Forest is the second-largest state forest in the U.S. state of Ohio, located primarily in Vinton County, with areas in Athens County as well. The 28,000 acre (110 km²) forest surrounds Lake Hope State Park in Vinton County, and extensively borders the Waterloo Wildlife Research Station in Athens County. It is also located close to the Wayne National Forest. In addition, the older and much smaller Waterloo State Forest in Athens County is administered as part of the Zaleski. The forest is named after the Vinton County village of Zaleski, where the forest headquarters are located, and is centered around State Route 278.
The forest has active logging programs, and is one of the few in Ohio to have a working sawmill. The forest also features a 23.5-mile backpacking trail, a network of bridle trails, a horse camp, a large lake (Lake Hope), and the Hope School, an old but renovated one-room schoolhouse. Part of the Zaleski Mound Group, a group of Native American mounds built by the prehistoric Adena culture, is located within the forest.
Recently, the state of Ohio acquired a conservation easement to 10,000 acres (40 km²) of the Raccoon Creek Ecological Management Area (REMA), located south of the forest and formerly owned by Mead Paper Company (now part of MeadWestvaco). This area will be administered in conjunction with the state forest.
The forest is located in rugged hills of the unglaciated Allegheny Plateau in Southern Ohio, with elevations ranging up to about 1100 feet above sea level. The area has an extensive history of coal mining, coke production, and steel production. The historic Hope Furnace can be seen at Lake Hope State Park, just across the road from the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="9861850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861850" title="Annabelle Whitestone">
Annabelle Whitestone

Annabelle Whitestone, Lady Weidenfeld, (born c. 1946) is an English former concert manager and promoter for classical music impresarios including Ingpen & Williams, Ibbs and Tillett, Wilfrid Van Wyck, and Conciertos Daniel in Madrid ≤ref≥Harvey Sachs Rubinstein: A Life
The famous Polish-American pianist Arthur Rubinstein credited Whitestone with assisting the careers of two of his protégés, François-René Duchâble and Janina Fialkowska, as well as introducing him to the chamber music of Mozart, Haydn, and Beethoven "with all sorts of combinations of string and wind instruments which I never even heard."
In 1977, the 90-year-old Rubinstein left his wife of 45 years for Whitestone and lived with her in Geneva, Switzerland until his death in 1982. Whitestone helped Rubinstein to write the second volume of his autobiography, "My Many Years," which he dedicated to her. Rubinstein's original collaborator, Tony Madigan, whom he met in Marbella, transcribed the first phase of the book.
Whitestone convened "Remembering Rubinstein", a day of talks and concerts at the Royal Academy of Music on 22 January 2008, to honor the pianist "who once sold as many records as rock stars and was as much at ease in the White House as he was with his chums Picasso and Charlie Chaplin."
Lady Weidenfeld is a member of the International Advisory Board of the Jerusalem Music Centre and the Jerusalem Foundation and a member of the Honorary Advisory Board of the Jewish Music Institute SOAS.
Annabelle Whitestone married British publisher George Weidenfeld in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9861867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861867" title="Jean-Marc Gaillard">
Jean-Marc Gaillard

Jean Marc Gaillard (born October 7, 1980 in Annemasse, Haute-Savoie) is a French cross country skier who has been competing since 2000. His best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 7th in the 50 km event at Sapporo in 2007. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Gaillard had his best finish of fourth in the 4 x 10 km event as well.
Gaillard's best result in the world cup is second twice, with one in 2005 and the other in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9861868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861868" title="Cefquinome">
Cefquinome

Cefquinome is a fourth-generation cephalosporin with pharmacological and antibacterial properties valuable in the treatment of coliform mastitis and other infections. It is only used in veterinary applications.
Properties.
Cefquinome is resistant to beta-lactamase. Chemically, its zwitterionic structure can facilitate rapid penetration across biological membranes, including porins of bacterial cell walls. Plus, it has a higher affinity to target penicillin-binding proteins. The reactive site is a beta-lactam nucleus, while the main peripheral functional groups are a quaternary quinolinium, an aminothiazolyl moiety and an unusual "O"-alkylated oxime.
Cefquinome acts by inhibition of the cell wall synthesis, but it has a relatively short half-life of about 2.5 hours. It is less than 5% protein bound and is excreted unchanged in the urine.
Studies.
Many studies have been conducted, mostly for animal use. One such study was conducted by the Pharma Research in Germany.
Test groups.
Groups of albino mice, weighing 191 g, were dosed with 10 and 40 mg of cefquinome per kg. Blood samples were obtained from a cut at the tip of the tail and kept at 4°C. Urine was collected in metabolism cages.
Three male beagle dogs, weighing about 22 kg each, were dosed with 5, 10, and 20 mg/kg at the cephalic vein. Blood samples were drawn from the same vein in the opposite leg. Meanwhile, urine was collected by catheterization.
Pigs, five or six male and female in each group weighing about 18 kg each, were injected with 10 mg of cefquinome at the venajuglaris in the base of the left ear. Blood samples were withdrawn from the contralateral jugular vein.
Male and female calves weighing between 110 and 140 kg were dosed with 10 mg of cefquinome per kg through the vera jucular.
Standard solutions were prepared from pooled murine blood and urine taken from untreated dogs, pigs, and calves.
Calculations.
Cefquinome concentrations were calculated by regression analysis, using the standard curves in which logarithms of the concentration were proportional to the areas of the inhibition zones. Curve fitting was carried out by nonlinear regression with the computer program PHAKOK. Pharmokinetic analysis of the concentration-time data after administration indicated that the best curve fits were usually achieved by using an open two-compartment model.
Conclusion.
Data indicate that cefquinome has high antibacterial activity "in vitro" against nearly all strains tested. In general, cefquinome is within the same range as cefpirome and cefotaxime. Against Gram-negative species, cefquinome has very limited "in vitro" activity. The "in vitro" activity of cefquinome does not depend on the composition or pH of the test medium. The broad antibacterial spectrum and the high "in vitro" activity are reflected by high "in vivo" efficacy in experimental infections. In mouse models of septicemia, cefquinome possessed high therapetic efficacy. All infections were cured.
Intervet.
Intervet developed cefquinome (Cobactan) to treat bovine respiratory disease, the most common disease in cattle. An injection, containing 25 mg cefquinome per ml, is given to cattle and pigs.
Treatment.
In cattle, the injection should help against respiratory disease caused by "Mannheimia haemolytica" and "Pasteurella multocida". It also helps with acute "E. coli" mastitis, dermatitis, infectious ulbar necrosis, and interdigital necrobacillosis. In calves, it is effective against "E. coli" septicaemia.
For pigs, it is used to treat bacterial infections of the lungs and respiratory tract caused by "P. multocida", "Haemophilus parasuis", "Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae", and "Streptococcus suis". Mastitis-metritis-agalactia syndrome involved with "E. coli", "Staphylococcus", "Streptococcus", and other cefquinome-sensitive organisms are also treated. In piglets, the mortality rate in cases of meningitis caused by "Streptococcus sues" is reduced. It is used in the treatment of mild or moderate lesions caused by "Staphylococcus hyicus" and arthritis caused by "Streptococcus" spp. and "E. coli".
Caution/warnings.
These are some factors to be aware of before treating:
Clinical usage.
Human use.
Cefquinome is not approved for human use.
Veterinary medicine.
Conditions of use are limited to therapeutic, parenteral, and individual animal use. Individual parenteral therapy of bovine respiratory disease data on cefquinome-related residues demonstrate only very small amounts are present in the intestinal tract of treated cattle with gastrointestinal activation. However, treatment should be short, meaning a single injection daily for about a week. Treatment should only be given by prescription. Cefquinome should not be used in feed or water.
Since 1994, in Europe, it was allowed to treat cattle by prescription only. In 1999, swine were included. By 2005, horses were allowed as well. In the United States, approval is pending for treatment of bovine respiratory disease. Even so, this is only available by prescription.
Cefquinome is also used for other illnesses, such as “shipping fever”, a pneumonia-like illness commonly found in cattle.
Concerns.
Resistance and food-borne transmission.
Of concern, the use of the drug in animals may lead to increases in antibiotic resistance. Humans can be exposed to bacteria through food-borne transmission, raising chances of becoming exposed to resistant bacterial species, such as "Salmonella" or "E. coli". The potential for the development of antibiotic resistance increases as usage increases, by selecting bacteria which have acquired beta-lactamases.
"Salmonella".
The use may cause resistance in "Salmonella" present in the intestinal tract of the target animal. Resistant "Salmonella" may also contaminate the carcass at slaughter and transfer to humans when used as food. When humans are infected and treated with a fourth-generation cephalosporin, effectiveness may be compromised.
Although fourth-generation cephalosporin resistance is very rare, they are active against bacteria carrying the AmpC-type β-lactamase resistance mechanism. Since the late 1990s, the US and EU have surveyed and gathered data for fourth-generation cephalosporins for both human and veterinary use. Data indicate no changes occur in resistance patterns of relevant food-borne pathogens.

</doc>
<doc id="9861875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861875" title="Cayos de Caña Gorda">
Cayos de Caña Gorda

The Cayos de Caña Gorda () is a group of three uninhabited, mangrove-covered cays, located at off the southwestern coast of Puerto Rico. They belong to barrio "Caranero" of Guánica municipio. The eastern cay, "Isla Ballena" is separated from the Puerto Rican mainland close to "Punta Ballena" only by a 20 m wide channel. The western cay, also called Gilligan's Island (after the TV series), or "Cayo Aurora", is served by boat (600 m from the mainland at Punta Jacinto) and has public beaches. Between the two is "Cayo Honda", the central cay. The total land area is 0.18 km² (177,606 m², Block 1069, Block Group 1, Census tract 9611, Guánica Municipio, Puerto Rico).

</doc>
<doc id="9861883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861883" title="Morteza Moghtadai">
Morteza Moghtadai

Ayatollah Morteza Moghtadai (born 1936 in Isfahan, Iran) is an Iranian Shia scholar, and deputy chairman of Society of Seminary Teachers of Qom. He was re-elected to the fourth Assembly of Experts. He currently resides in Isfahan and teaches in the city's seminary.[http://jameeh.com/zendegi/moqtadae.htm]
He was quoted as saying of the 2009 Iranian election protests that the "demonstrators were treading the path of the world's arrogance" and that "The regime must confront them,".

</doc>
<doc id="9861887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861887" title="Valley View Acres, Sacramento, California">
Valley View Acres, Sacramento, California

Valley View Acres is a neighborhood located within the city of Sacramento, California. The neighborhood is located south of East Levee Road, north of Sotnip Road/Del Paso Road, west of Steelhead Creek and UEDA Parkway, and east of Sorento Road. Valley View Acres is represented by Ray Tretheway on the Sacramento City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9861903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861903" title="El Producto (Walt Mink album)">
El Producto (Walt Mink album)

El Producto is a 1996 album released by Walt Mink, generally accepted as their break-through. On release, it received a 10/10 rating from Pitchfork Media.
Track listing.
All songs written by John Kimbrough.

</doc>
<doc id="9861908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861908" title="Capital Airlines Flight 67">
Capital Airlines Flight 67

Capital Airlines Flight 67 was domestic scheduled passenger flight operated by Capital Airlines that crashed on final approach to Freeland, Michigan, USA, during a severe snowstorm on April 6, 1958. The flight was en route from Flint-Bishop Airport to the Freeland-Tri City Airport (now MBS International Airport) when it crashed."(if links above fail to load report, visit http://dotlibrary.specialcollection.net and select "Historical Aircraft Accident Reports (1934-1965)", then retry report links)"</ref> Flight 67 was the first of four fatal crashes in the space of two years involving Capital Airlines Vickers Viscounts; the others were Capital Airlines Flight 300 (May 1958), Capital Airlines Flight 75 (May 1959) and Capital Airlines Flight 20 (January 1960).
Approach conditions towards Freeland were poor due to the weather; there was restricted visibility, and conditions were ripe for icing. The plane's crew apparently attempted a steep turn to align the craft with the runway. This caused the plane to stall, which was followed by a spin. The crew could not regain control, leading to the crash of the plane.
The official cause of the crash was listed as an undetected buildup of ice on the horizontal stabilizer which, coupled with airspeed and the design of the aircraft, caused it to lose control. Furthermore, the aircraft's stall warning device was inoperative.
A memorial to the victims was unveiled in a local cemetery in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9861915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861915" title="Vladimir Engelgardt">
Vladimir Engelgardt

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Engelgardt () (December 3, 1894, Moscow - July 10, 1984, Moscow) was a Soviet biochemist, academician of the Soviet Academy of Medical Sciences (1944), academician of the Soviet Academy of Sciences (1953), and Hero of Socialist Labor (1969). He was the founder and the first director of the Institute of Molecular Biology of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Vladimir Engelgardt is considered to be one of the founders of molecular biology in the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9861924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861924" title="Rat-a-Tat Cat">
Rat-a-Tat Cat

Rat-a-Tat Cat is a memory game created by the board game publisher Gamewright. It won a Mensa Select award in 1996.
Rules.
Setup.
Each player is dealt four cards that are placed, face down, in a row in front of him/her.
Everyone is allowed to look at their two outermost cards at the beginning of the game.
Players may not look at any cards during the game except through the use of a Peek card;
even at the beginning of the game, they may not look at their middle two cards,
nor may they look at their opponents' cards. The remaining cards form a draw pile,
and the top one is turned over to form a discard pile (if this card is a power card,
it is placed in the middle of the draw pile and a new one is drawn).
Objective.
The objective is to have the fewest points at the end of the game. The points are the total of all cards that the person has at the end of the round. Therefore, players try to get rid of high cards like 9's and gain low cards like 0's. Since cards are left face down, memory is a very important part of this game.
Game Play.
On a player's turn, he/she takes a card. This can either be the top card of the discard pile (but not if it is a "power card"), or the top card of the draw pile. Anyone who takes a card from the discard pile uses it to replace one of his/her face down cards, and puts that card on the discard pile. The other choice is to take a card from the draw pile. If this is a number card, the person may either use it to replace one of the face down cards, or place the drawn card directly in the discard pile.
If the draw pile is exhausted, the discard pile is reshuffled and placed face down.
Power Cards.
Power cards may only be used if they are drawn from the draw pile. They may not be taken from the discard pile, and are useless if found in the hand. After use, they are placed in the discard pile. If a power card is taken from the draw pile, it has the following effect:
Peek.
If a "Peek" card is drawn, the player may immediately look at ONE of his/her face down cards.
Swap.
If a "Swap" is drawn, the player may switch one of his cards with one of another players' cards. However, the player may not look at either card until receiving a peek card. If the player does not want to swap, he/she does not have to.
Draw 2.
A player drawing a "Draw 2" card then draws another card from the pile, and may use this card as if it were a normal turn. However, if it is a number card and is discarded, or if it is a power card and the player decides not to use it, the player then picks another card from the pile, and plays that as if it were a normal turn.
The End of the Round.
At the end of a player's turn, he may choose to end the round by saying "rat-a-tat-cat". All other players get one more turn. After that, everyone counts up his/her points. Any power cards are placed at the bottom of the deck and replaced with the top card.
The End of the Game.
At the beginning of the game, the players decide how to win. There are three possibilities:

</doc>
<doc id="9861929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861929" title="Ben Ali, Sacramento, California">
Ben Ali, Sacramento, California

Ben Ali is a neighborhood located within the city of Sacramento, California, United States. The Ben Ali community is defined as north of El Camino Avenue, east of Auburn Boulevard, and west of the Capital City Freeway.
The Ben Ali community was named for James Ben Ali Haggin who owned much of the ranch later subdivided into these streets as well as adjacent neighborhoods.
Ben Ali is represented by Steve Cohn on the Sacramento City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9861943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861943" title="Savage Skies">
Savage Skies

Savage Skies, a video game created by iRock Interactive, is a combat flight simulator set in a fictional world.
Gameplay.
The player can choose between three factions of mythical creatures. The three factions were created when the King of the Land fell to the necromancer Mortalvis, and the land was divided into three. The first two were owned by subjects of the late king, whilst Mortalvis took the last third.
Once all the monsters are unlocked, they can be used on any campaign level and any multiplayer level. There are additional items that can be unlocked, including cheats, such as vampirism, and in-game movie sequences.
Critical reception.
Gamezone rated "Savage Skies" at 6.5 out of 10, finding the game concept to be fun with good variation in play style between the three factions. Criticisms included the average graphics, bad sound, and several missions with excessive difficulty. 
Ozzy Osbourne endorsement.
At an earlier stage in its development, "Savage Skies" had been set for release as "Ozzy’s Black Skies", complete with an endorsement from Black Sabbath front man Ozzy Osbourne. In the original concept, each of the game’s three playable factions would have been led by a different ‘Ozzy character’. The game was also to feature music from Osbourne, including "Crazy Train" and "Paranoid," as well as a track recorded specifically for iRock (the song was called "Black Skies").
However, in late 2001, the tie-in was dropped for reasons including its high financial cost and "misconceptions about the game that made it difficult to secure a publisher.” Its name was subsequently changed to "Savage Skies".
Xbox version.
An Xbox version of the game was planned but cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="9861945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861945" title="Bella Guerin">
Bella Guerin

Julia Margaret Guerin Halloran Lavender (23 April 1858 in Williamstown, Victoria – 26 July 1923 in Adelaide, South Australia), known popularly as Bella Guerin, was an Australian feminist, women's activist
women's suffragist, anti-conscriptionist, political activist and schoolteacher.
Education.
Having studied at home to pass matriculation in 1878, Bella became the first woman to graduate from an Australian university when she gained her B.A. from the University of Melbourne in December 1883, becoming M.A. upon application in 1885.
Career.
Teaching.
She taught first at Loreto Convent, Ballarat, Victoria, urging higher education scholarships for Catholic girls to produce 'a band of noble thoughtful women as a powerful influence for good'. 
She married civil servant and poet Henry Halloran at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, on 29 June 1891. Halloran, then aged 80, had addressed a laudatory poem to her after seeing a graduation portrait in 1884. He died in Sydney on 19 May 1893, leaving her with an infant son, Henry Marco. A second marriage at Christ Church, St Kilda, Melbourne on 1 October 1909 to George D'Arcie Lavender, thirty years her junior, was apparently short lived. 
Returning to teaching from financial necessity, Bella taught in Sydney, then Carlton, Prahran and East Melbourne. From the mid-1890s she frequented suffragist circles, becoming office-bearer in the Bendigo Women's Franchise League while running University College, Bendigo from 1898 - 1903. From 1904 to 1917 she taught at Camperdown and in a succession of small Melbourne schools at South Yarra, St Kilda, Parkville and Brunswick with diminishing success. Her increasing political activity and disputes over conditions with the Education Department probably contributed to this outcome.
Women's Political Association.
As vice-president of the Women's Political Association in 1912 - 1914 Guerin co-authored Vida Goldstein's 1913 Senate election pamphlet, but dual membership of non-party feminist and Labor Party organizations proved untenable. From 1914 she wrote and spoke for the Labor and Victorian Socialist parties and the Women's League of Socialists, and was recognized as a 'witty, cogent and instructive' commentator on a range of controversial social issues; they included the rights of illegitimate children,
"brotherhood and sisterhood without sex distinction" and defence of English militant suffragettes.
Anti-war.
An ardent anti-war propagandist, she led the Labor Women's Anti-Conscription Fellowship campaign during the 1916 referendum and spoke in Adelaide, Broken Hill and Victorian metropolitan and country centres against militarism and in defence of rights of assembly and free speech.
Politics.
Appointed vice-president of the Australian Labor Party's Women's Central Organizing Committee in March 1918, she aroused censure and controversy for describing Labor women as "performing poodles and packhorses", under-represented in policy decisions and relegated to auxiliary fund raising roles. Henceforth she organized for Labor "only so far as it stands for those principles represented by the Red Flag", believing in the parliamentary system but desiring capitalism's elimination.
Religion.
In religion she moved from Roman Catholicism to rationalism. She described her political evolution as from "Imperialistic butterfly" to "democratic grub" and experienced continual tensions as a socialist feminist within the Labor Party.
Personal life.
Her son, who practised as a doctor in Adelaide from 1915, described her as 'the kindest and most gentle of women'; she saw herself as a 'national idealist' and an 'incorrigible militant', promoting women's participation in public life. She was regarded as an orator of 'unique talents'.
She died in Adelaide on 26 July 1923 of cirrhosis of the liver, aged 65, and was buried in the Catholic cemetery at West Terrace.
Legacy.
Being that Bella Guerin spent time teaching in Ballarat, the University of Ballarat honoured her by naming one of the two Mt Helen campus' Halls of Residence after her (the other being named after Peter Lalor, who led the Eureka Stockade in Ballarat)

</doc>
<doc id="9861962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861962" title="KRNO">
KRNO

KRNO (106.9 FM, "106.9 More FM") is an adult contemporary formatted radio station, with a slight lean towards hot AC, licensed to Incline Village, Nevada, broadcasting to Reno, Carson City, and surrounding areas, including Lake Tahoe. The station also rebroadcasts on translators K258BN in Verdi at 99.5 FM to cover northwest Reno and K292EP in Incline Village at 106.3 FM to cover the northern Lake Tahoe area. It is one of two mainstream AC stations serving the Reno market, with KNEV 95.5 FM being the other.
KRNO dropped its "Sunny" moniker on March 24, 2014 to become "106.9 More FM." The rebranding, despite the station's high ratings (the station ranked at #2 12+ among subscribing stations in the Fall 2013 Nielsen Audio ratings report), is meant to reflect the updating of the station's music policy in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="9861990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861990" title="Charles Phelps Norton">
Charles Phelps Norton

Charles Phelps Norton (March 15, 1858–1920) was chancellor of the University at Buffalo from 1909–20; and a founder of the University at Buffalo Law School. 
He also endowed the Norton Medal, University at Buffalo's highest honor. Norton left his entire estate to the university, on the condition that within three years of the probate of the will, all principal and interest would be applied to the erection of a building known as Norton Hall to be used as a meeting place for student activities.
He was the son of Charles Davis Norton and Jeannette Phelps; whose grandmother Betsy Law (Sherman) Phelps was the granddaughter of American founding father Roger Sherman.

</doc>
<doc id="9861993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9861993" title="Chief Blue Meanie">
Chief Blue Meanie

The Chief of the Blue Meanies is a fictional character from the 1968 animated film "Yellow Submarine". A high-pitched, flamboyant character, he is set on ruling Pepperland with fear and oppression. His most heinous of crimes from The Beatles' point of view, however, is his hatred of music. He is voiced by Paul Angelis, who also provided the voice of Ringo Starr.
The Chief arrives in Pepperland with his army of Meanies and begins his campaign of taking over by firing a massive glass sphere at the Beatles' doubles, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts' Club Band, who play music all day in this colorful world, while all the natives dance and sing and generally behave in a friendly manner towards one another. As the Chief comments, "it can't last". The soundproof glass sphere covers the band, making their music inaudible, and in their panic to run away, the natives are fired at by the Blue Meanies' guns, whose missiles both drain their victims' colour on contact and petrify them. The Chief bombards the natives with various weapons and species of Meanie that vary in their ferocity and eccentricy– anything from Meanies that will eat the toys of young children (as demonstrated when the Beatles' arrival to Pepperland, when a sharp-toothed Meanie, a snapping turtle-Turk, consumes a young girl's paper windmill) to reducing the flourishing hills and plants to a land of bare thorns and colourless grass, with the only green existing in the form of giant apples that the "Apple Bonkers" (taller Meanies) drop on peoples' heads.
Later in the film, the Chief engineers the kidnapping of the Beatles' friend and comrade, the Nowhere Man Jeremy Hilary Boob. When the Beatles finally arrive in Pepperland, the Chief is woken from a brief sleep and is incensed when he sees the hills and trees returning to their proper colours at the sound of their music; he sends his fiercest weapon, "The Dreadful Flying Glove" after the heroes. The Glove is thwarted by John Lennon's song "All You Need is Love" and the Chief's army flees, knocking him over in the process.
In a final, petty attempt at retribution, the Chief threatens to tear the newly freed Nowhere Man into "blue burgers". However, he is humiliated by his magic and ends up sprouting flowers from his nose and body. He flees with the rest of his army, but later contemplates "mixing" with the Beatles – however, at the very end, when the Beatles appear in the flesh to the audience, Lennon says that "Blue Meanies have been found within the vicinity of this theatre".
Personal characteristics.
Like the majority of the Meanies in his army, the Chief is masked, has yellowed teeth with navy blue woollen body hair and massive, paw-like hands with six claws on each. He is taller than most of them, however, and whereas the "common" Blue Meanies wear a hat reminiscent of Mickey Mouse's ears, "his" hat looks more like Goofy's. Also, whereas the "common" Blue Meanies wear orange and yellow striped stockings with mary jane shoes, he (and his sidekick, "Max") wears jackboots, complete with spurs: a pale blue boot on the right foot, a navy blue boot on the left. He has an unpredictable, if not split, personality, which sends him from apparently ladylike and friendly to raging and malicious- though no less buffoonish in either. He has a sidekick, "Max", who is often the victim of his abuse, from being punched to being shot. He also has a Meanie carry around a stool so that he can sit down whenever he likes; presumably, were he to fall on the ground it would be at the stool-carrier's peril. He also states (until the very end, when he starts warming to the Beatles) that "we Meanies only take 'no' for an answer", and gets extremely angry at the sound of the word "yes", even when being answered in the affirmative. Sometimes his own aggression gets the better of him and he needs to be revived with "nasty medicine", which makes him even more eccentric than he already is. He encourages his army of Meanies to be as unpleasant as possible, but later admits that his cousin is "the bluebird of happiness".
The character's looks and personality was seemingly a major influence on the producers of "The Powerpuff Girls", in which one of the villains, an androgynous devil known as "Him", appears as a constant source of pain and annoyance to the girls, and shares several of the Meanie-Chief's mannerisms. Coincidentally, one episode of the show involves 'Rainbow The Clown', a clown character who ends up transforming into 'Mr. Mime', a mime who drains Townsville of color and turns petrifies everyone (eventually Blossom and Buttercup) until the Girls end up performing a musical number that undos all of the chaos created by Mr. Mime.
The Blue Meanies made background appearances in the "South Park" three-part episode "Imaginationland", in the Viral Video "Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny", and a brief appearance in the Beatles Music Video "Free as a Bird".

</doc>
<doc id="9862001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862001" title="Jim Dougal">
Jim Dougal

James "Jim" Dougal (19 March 1945 – 15 October 2010) was a Northern Irish journalist, writer and broadcaster who had worked, from 1969 until shortly before his death for RTÉ, UTV and the BBC.
Journalism.
A former civil servant, Dougal's career as a journalist began at BBC Northern Ireland as a general reporter. He also worked at Ulster Television before taking up the post as Northern editor at RTÉ from 1974 to 1991. Dougal returned to BBC Northern Ireland in 1991 as the station's political editor, replacing Denis Murray upon his promotion to Ireland Correspondent for the corporation's network news bulletins. Dougal's reports were featured on "Inside Ulster" and "Newsline".
In February 1996, Dougal was appointed as the new co-presenter of BBC Northern Ireland's relaunched evening news programme Newsline 6.30.
Dougal stood down from presenting the programme after just two months to concentrate on reporting.
European Commission.
Dougal left the BBC in 1997 to take up a job for the European Union, initially based in Belfast. He later became the head of the European Commission for the United Kingdom until 2004.
Return to journalism.
In 2006 Dougal returned to broadcasting by presenting and producing "The Eternal Optimist", a documentary about the former Church of Ireland Primate of All Ireland Robin Eames. 
He formed a part of UTV's presenting team for the station's coverage of that year's Northern Ireland Assembly election in March 2007. Dougal, who ran his own broadcast company Dougal Media, also presented and produced a UTV documentary entitled "Paisley, from Protest to Power" charting the life of Northern Ireland's First Minister Ian Paisley – the programme aired on the day Paisley took up office in Northern Ireland alongside Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness. Dougal continued to work as a broadcaster, writer and media affairs and public affairs consultant until his death on 15 October 2010 at the age of 65.
Honours.
He was awarded an honorary doctorate from Queen's University, Belfast for services to the community in Northern Ireland. 

</doc>
