<doc id="9626131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626131" title="Tom Martinez">
Tom Martinez

Tom Martinez (February 21, 1946 – February 21, 2012) was an American football coach. He coached at the College of San Mateo until 2005, when he retired due to health concerns. He coached at the College of San Mateo after Bill Walsh and John Madden. The College of San Mateo Football program traditionally has a very high ranking team and draws players from all over the country. It is interesting to note that NFL Alumni John Madden, of the Oakland Raiders & Bill Walsh, of the SF 49ers, both played & coached at the College of San Mateo early in their careers. Bill Walsh was claimed to be the best NFL Coach ever and later retired from the 49ers to became the Athletic Director at Stanford University. (Ref. the College of San Mateo Football & Sports Hall of Fame websites for info on Martinez, Walsh, Madden & others). Prior to the passings of Tom Martinez, he was inducted into the College of San Mateo Sports Hall of Fame. Tom had a passion for conducted private coaching sessions with quarterbacks of all ages & from all around the country.
Training career.
With more than 1,400 career victories, Martinez was the most successful community college coach in the history of California and perhaps the nation. At College of San Mateo as Head Football Coach for five years and Offensive Coordinator many years after. He was the 1995 California Community Coach of the Year, San Mateo Hall of Fame and a member of the State Basketball Coaches Hall of Fame. He also holds many numerous other honorary posts.
Tom Brady.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady considers Martinez his mentor and worked with him every off-season to clean up his mechanics.
JaMarcus Russell.
He also worked out JaMarcus Russell prior to the 2007 NFL Draft. Martinez was interviewed by the Oakland Raiders as a candidate for their quarterbacks coach position. Martinez blames the Raiders' coaches for all but ruining Russell. "He was never wanted there by any of the coaches," Martinez told The New York Times. "The only one who wanted him there was Al Davis, he told them to draft him. He was the epitome of an Al Davis quarterback."
John Elway.
He also Coached John Elway.
Declining health.
On June 12, 2011, on his Facebook page, Martinez announced that he was given roughly one month to live, due to diabetes and cancer. He was seeking an organ donor up until his death.
January 27, 2012, Patriots' Tom Brady on Mission to Help Mentor by Sending Potential Organ Donors to MatchingDonors.com resulted in over 300 potential organ donors to step forward to be tested to see if they were a match to save Tom Martinez' life.
Retired football coach Tom Martinez, 66, says if there's ever a key to success on the field, it's this: Don't quit.
"I tell the kids I don't care who it is, I don't care where we go, I don't care where we play, we don't whine about officials' calls, we don't whine about weather conditions," said Martinez. "You play hard and you play right to the end."
He's credited with grooming many successful athletes, including New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
Now Martinez, who coached at the College of San Mateo until 2005, when he retired for health reasons, is putting his own words to play.
Martinez, who suffered from kidney failure, found himself in need of a kidney transplant. For two years, the search for a donor has not been successful. Three months ago, Martinez's doctors told him he had only a few more months to live.
"I've been told I'm out of here, and I don't accept that," said Martinez. "I'm going to fight to the end."
That's why Brady has adopted that no-quit attitude to help his mentor Martinez connect with a match.
Tom Martinez' good friend Nick Barnes, and Tom's family, dilegently helped Tom on his pursuit of finding him a lifesaving transplant through MatchingDonors.com, and now Brady is spreading the word through a banner he's been circulating online for the four weeks prior to the Super Bowl through MatchingDonor.com, a nonprofit organization that finds altruistic living kidney donors for people needing organ transplants. said Paul Dooley - CEO of MatchingDonors.com.
Death.
On February 21, 2012, Martinez died after suffering a heart attack during dialysis on his 66th Birthday.
Three weeks before his death Tom created the Tom Martinez Goal Line Fund www.TheTomMartinezGoalLineFund.com to help those people needing organ transplants through MatchingDonors.com. Tom said "I’m thrilled that even if I can’t be saved at least the donors and awareness we brought to MatchingDonors.com will save many other lives".

</doc>
<doc id="9626133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626133" title="Collaborating Centre on Sustainable Consumption and Production">
Collaborating Centre on Sustainable Consumption and Production

The Collaborating Centre on Sustainable Consumption and Production (or CSCP) is a non-profit limited liability. It was jointly founded by the Wuppertal Institute for Climate, Environment and Energy and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) in 2005 to establish an internationally visible institution for scientific research, outreach and transfer activities on sustainable consumption and production (SCP). The Centre contributes to the Plan of Implementation agreed at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in 2002 to promote sustainable patterns of consumption and production (SCP).
Principles.
Following the aim of a One-Planet-Living, the key areas to accelerate the implementation of SCP are the development of national action plans on SCP, the integration of SCP into urban development planning and the mainstreaming of SCP in poverty eradication efforts. CSCP has thus decided to work on the socio-economic aspects of SCP and strategies for bringing about change by linking SCP to national and local development goals. CSCP works on making societal, public sector and private sector actors aware of SCP policies and programmes and their related positive effects on human development in local and global communities. These activities aim to enable developing countries to leapfrog to sustainable consumption and production patterns by harvesting the economic and social benefits that are derived from the implementation of sustainability across the life cycle of products and services. The CSCP supports new models of economic development such as closed-loop economies, investments in long-term and cost-effective solutions, and creating public/private partnerships that can provide better access to sustainable environmental services for the poor.
Work.
The scope of the Centre’s activities comprises development, testing, implementation and monitoring of projects and programmes, enabling leapfrogging sustainable consumption and production patterns and practices, knowledge transfer, multi-stakeholder and interdisciplinary networking and international partnerships. The programmes developed and carried out by the organization are built on three milestones: capacity building, establishment of infrastructures to support sustainable innovations and encouraging bottom-up participative models for sustainable innovation and its ripple effect on lifestyles.
Projects.
The CSCP conducted various projects with and for diverse actors, such as national and European ministries, the European Commission, UNEP, multinational companies, as well as SMEs, European research institutes and non-governmental and civil society organisations. The work of the CSCP can be divided into three core areas: 
1) Sustainable Lifestyles, 
2) Sustainable Infrastructures, Products and Services 
3) Sustainable Business Models.
Applied research.
The CSCP had been working together with the retail and food sector on resource efficiency and hot-spot analysis. It also hosts a sustainability council, which includes consumer groups, CSOs, to provide advice to the sustainability labeling process of a leading retail company. On the political field the CSCP also supported the first phase of the EU Retail Forum and coordinate a Retail project with the European Topic Centre on SCP.
The CSCP also contributes to developing the China Council for International Cooperation on Environment and Development (CCICED) Task Force report on international practices and experiences with sustainable consumption and production. The CSCP also co-organizes workshops to promote knowledge exchange to support and refine policy recommendations.
Networking and Communication.
The CSCP also works on enabling and engaging dialogue with different stakeholders, NGOs, consumer groups and policy makers, for example by creating a platform on Sustainable Lifestyles (http://www.vision2050.net) and on Sustainable Innovation and Entrepreneurship (http://www.scaling-up.net). It also coordinates large-scale international projects, such as the SWITCH Network Facility (http://www.switch-asia.eu/), the SPREAD Sustainable Lifestyles project (http://www.sustainable-lifestyles.eu/) or the Action Town project (http://action-town.eu/).

</doc>
<doc id="9626139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626139" title="Changa Manga">
Changa Manga

The Changa Manga is a planted forest and a wildlife park in Kasur District and Lahore District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located on the south of the city of Lahore.
Etymology.
The name "Changa Manga" comes from the old story of two brother thieves, Changa and Manga, who used to hide in thick forests, along with their loots. Over the passage of time the stories have been molded into adventures that every child in that area is told, with added morals. 
Forestry.
The forest is entered from a road from off the N-5 Highway near Bhai PheruAnd Chunian . The forest covers an area of and is one of the largest man-made forests on the planet. The planting and irrigation of the land took place in the 19th century under the British Raj due to the need for timber for the Indian Railways network. The most common species of trees are "Dalbergia sissoo" (sheesham), "Acacia nilotica" (kikar), both members of the Fabaceae native to the Indian subcontinent, white mulberry ("Morus alba"), popular in cultivation throughout South Asia, or "Eucalyptus" and "Populus" species.
Wildlife park.
The wildlife park in Changa Manga covers an area of and was built in 2008. The park is home to species of hog deer, Indian peafowl, jackal, mouflon, nilgai and wild boar. Changa Manga Wildlife Park is one of the three wildlife parks located in Lahore Division, other two Jallo Wildlife Park and Lahore Zoo Safari, also called Woodland Wildlife Park.
Conservation.
Breeding center.
Changa Manga also serves as a wildlife breeding center.
Vulture center.
Changa Manga plantation is also an important place for restocking projects of Asiatic vultures in Pakistan. A "Gyps Vulture Restoration Program" was started in 2006 by WWF-Pakistan to conserve and breed endangered species of Gyps, especially Gyps bengalensis. The project is currently managed by Uzma Khan.
Recreation.
Parts of the forest have now been developed into a recreation park with a railroad that gives the visitor a ride on a miniature train through the forest. Other attractions include a water turbine, a waterfall, a children’s play area, and a lake called 'Lunar Lake', where boating is possible. Changa Manga Tourist Resort is situated from Lahore city. The Tourism Development Corporation of Punjab (TDCP) arranges picnic trips to Changa Manga throughout the year.
Deforestation.
The world’s largest artificial forest is being heavily logged, and so far more than 60 percent of Changa Manga Wildlife Park has been deforested.

</doc>
<doc id="9626145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626145" title="Gennady Kovalev">
Gennady Kovalev

Gennady Gennadiyevich Kovalev () (born 17 May 1983 in Kropotkin, Krasnodar Krai) is a boxer from Russia.
Career.
Southpaw Kovalev won the silver medal at the 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships defeating Bahodirjon Sooltonov but losing to Aghasi Mammadov at bantam, and a gold medal at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships .
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native country. There he was beaten in the quarterfinals of the Bantamweight (54 kg) division by Cuba's eventual winner Guillermo Rigondeaux.
Now at junior welterweight he won the Russian Championships 2007 against legend Alexander Maletin 37:21.
At the World championships he beat Bradley Saunders to reach the finals but lost to defending Kazakh champion Serik Sapiyev 5:20.
After his boxing career, Kovalev has found success as a professional MMA fighter, going 5-1 as a professional. <http://www.sherdog.com/fighter/Gennadiy-Kovalev-81239>
World amateur championships results.
2003 (as a bantamweight)
2007 (as a Light welterweight)
Olympic results.
2004 (as a bantamweight)
2008 (as a Light welterweight) 
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9626169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626169" title="Glidden House">
Glidden House

Glidden House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9626172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626172" title="Ali Hallab">
Ali Hallab

Ali Hallab (born 4 April 1981 in Mantes-la-Jolie, Yvelines) is a boxer from France. He is best known for having won the bronze medal at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships.
Career.
Hallab participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native European country. There he was stopped in the first round of the Bantamweight (54 kg) division by Algeria's Malik Bouziane.
Hallab won the bronze medal at the 2002 European Amateur Boxing Championships, and won the silver medal in the same division at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia. He later managed to win the bronze medal at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships he lost to local hero Gary Russell (boxer).
At the 2008 Beijing Olympics he lost to Indian Akhil Kumar 12-5.

</doc>
<doc id="9626206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626206" title="George Cholmondeley, 2nd Earl of Cholmondeley">
George Cholmondeley, 2nd Earl of Cholmondeley

George Cholmondeley, 2nd Earl of Cholmondeley, PC, FRS (1666 – 7 May 1733), styled The Honourable from birth until 1715 and then known as Lord Newborough to 1725, was an English soldier.
Cholmondeley was the second son of Robert Cholmondeley, 1st Viscount Cholmondeley, and Elizabeth Cradock. Hugh Cholmondeley, 1st Earl of Cholmondeley, was his elder brother. He was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford. Cholmondeley supported the claim of William of Orange and Mary to the English throne and after their accession he was appointed a Groom of the Bedchamber. In 1690 he commanded the horse grenadier guards at the Battle of the Boyne and two years later he fought at the Battle of Steenkerque. From 1690 to 1695 he represented Newton in the House of Commons.
Cholmondeley was promoted to Brigadier-General in 1697, to Major-General in 1702, to Lieutenant-General in 1704 and to General in 1727. He was admitted to the Privy Council in 1706 and in 1715 he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Newborough, of Newborough in the County of Wexford. One year later he was created Baron Newburgh, of Newburgh in the County of Anglesea, in the Peerage of Great Britain, and in 1725 Cholmondeley succeeded his elder brother as second Earl of Cholmondeley. He also succeeded him as Lord Lieutenant of Cheshire, Anglesey, Caernarvonshire, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Merionetshire and Montgomeryshire, posts he held until his death. 
Lord Cholmondeley married Anna Elizabeth van Ruytenburgh (c. 1672 – London, 16 January 1722), daughter of Aelbert Heer van Ruytenburgh (1630–1688) and Wilhelmina Anna van Nassau (1638–1688), around 1701. They had three sons and three daughters. He died in May 1733 and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son George.

</doc>
<doc id="9626221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626221" title="Munkbrohamnen">
Munkbrohamnen

Munkbrohamnen (Swedish: "Monk's Bridge Harbour") is a quay and a footway passing along the western waterfront of Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching along the western side of Centralbron, the motorway and railway bridge passing north-south between the islands Stadsholmen and Riddarholmen, Munkbrohamnen offers pedestrians communication from and to the metro station of the old town, and a panoramic view over the bay Riddarfjärden.
History.
The name, made official in 1921 because 'it is already established', was preceded by others, such as "Örebrohamnen" ("Örebro Harbour"), because ships from the city of Örebro used to be moored here; "Mälarhamnen" ("Harbour of Mälaren") as it is facing the Lake Mälaren; and "Munkbrokajen" ("Monk's Bridge Quay"), like the square Munkbron in references to the Greyfriars abbey once located nearby on Riddarholmen.
Moored at the quay is the "Helikopterplattan" (Helicopter Platform). In addition to being the only helicopter platform in central Stockholm, it has been known since the mid-1980s as a favourite hangout for white power skinheads and other far right activists.

</doc>
<doc id="9626222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626222" title="Farzad Majidi">
Farzad Majidi

Farzad Majidi (, :fa:فرزاد مجیدی born September 9, 1977 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian football player who currently is free agent. He usually plays the midfield position. He is the younger brother of fellow footballer Farhad Majidi.
Honurs.
Esteghlal:

</doc>
<doc id="9626230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626230" title="Deborah and Franklin Haimo Awards for Distinguished College or University Teaching of Mathematics">
Deborah and Franklin Haimo Awards for Distinguished College or University Teaching of Mathematics

The Deborah and Franklin Tepper Haimo Awards for Distinguished College or University Teaching of Mathematics are awards given by the Mathematical Association of America to recognize college or university teachers "who have been widely recognized as extraordinarily successful and whose teaching effectiveness has been shown to have had influence beyond their own institutions." The Haimo awards are the highest teaching honor bestowed by the MAA. The awards, which began in 1991, were renamed after the Haimos in 1993. Up to three awards are given every year. 

</doc>
<doc id="9626249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626249" title="Peter Lassen (footballer)">
Peter Lassen (footballer)

Peter Lassen (born 4 October 1966) is a Danish former football striker, who was the top goalscorer of the 2000 Danish football championship. He most notably played for Danish clubs Hvidovre IF, BK Frem, Akademisk Boldklub and Silkeborg IF, as well as Eendracht Aalst in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="9626260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626260" title="Coptic period">
Coptic period

The "Coptic period" is an informal designation for Late Antiquity in Egypt, an era defined by the religious shifts in Egyptian culture to Coptic Christianity from paganism until the Muslim conquest of Egypt. It began in about the 3rd century, and depending on sources and usage, lasted until either around the noticeable decline of Christianity in Egypt, in the 9th century, or to the arrival of Islam in the 7th century. Although the term is widely utilized in popular discourse, its use in academia is generally avoided due to its imprecise nature, whereas "Late Antiquity" or "Byzantine Egypt" can be defined on chronological grounds.
The Coptic Orthodox form of Christianity, still has many followers in its country of origin.

</doc>
<doc id="9626277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626277" title="Indian cricket team in England in 2004">
Indian cricket team in England in 2004

The India national cricket team toured England in 2004 for a three-match series of One Day Internationals in preparation for the 2004 ICC Champions Trophy. England won the series 2–1, winning the first two matches before India won the final match at Lord's.

</doc>
<doc id="9626280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626280" title="Ionuţ Gheorghe">
Ionuţ Gheorghe

Ionuţ Gheorghe (born 29 February 1984 in Constanţa, Romania) is a boxer from Romania.
Career.
He qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics by ending up in first place at the 3rd AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Gothenburg, Sweden. In Athens, Greece he won a bronze medal, having been stopped in the semifinals of the Light welterweight (64 kg) division by eventual winner Manus Boonjumnong.
Gheorghe won another bronze medal in the same division two years later, at the 2006 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Plovdiv where he lost to local Boris Georgiev.
At the 2007 World Championships he was upset by Iranian Morteza Sepahvand but he qualified for the Olympics at the first qualifier.

</doc>
<doc id="9626293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626293" title="Frede Jensen">
Frede Jensen

Frede Jensen (2 February 1919 - 8 August 1970) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player, who played for Køge Boldklub in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1940 Danish football championship, and played one game for the Denmark national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9626297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626297" title="Provincial Court of Alberta">
Provincial Court of Alberta

The Provincial Court of Alberta is a Provincial Court for the Canadian province of Alberta. The court oversees matters relating to criminal law, family law, youth law, civil law and traffic laws.
The Alberta courts operate on a circuit, hearing trials in a variety of nearby locations. In 2010 there were sitting in:

</doc>
<doc id="9626307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626307" title="Rationale of the Dirty Joke">
Rationale of the Dirty Joke

Rationale of the Dirty Joke: An Analysis of Sexual Humor is a book by American social critic and folklorist Gershon Legman. The book analyzes more than 2000 jokes and folk tales in terms of social, psychological, and historical significance. It was first published by Grove Press in 1968, was later reprinted in hard-cover by Indiana University, and was years out of print until reissued by Simon & Schuster in 2006. The second volume, "No Laughing Matter: Rationale of the Dirty Joke: An Analysis of Sexual Humor, 2nd Series", had to be paid for by subscription to support publishing, as it was the "dirty dirties".
According to literary critic Mikita Brottman, "Contemporary humor theorists now ... give a warm, good-natured cast to the telling of jokes, without the nastiness and aggression that Legman -- and, indeed, Freud -- regard as an integral part of the joke-telling enterprise."
There were several reviews of the book published in 1969. Brottman suggests, however, "all its reviewers seem to have misunderstood ... that the point of the book ... is trying to understand what the dirty joke "itself" is trying to explain".
References.
Brottman, Mikita : "Funny Peculiar : Gershon Legman and the Psychopathology of Humor". Analytic Press, Hillsdale (NJ), 2004.
Legman, Gershon. "Rationale of the Dirty Joke: An Analysis of Sexual Humor". Reprint. New York: Simon and Schuster.

</doc>
<doc id="9626311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626311" title="Trish Sie">
Trish Sie

Trish Sie is a Grammy Award-winning American choreographer and director, best known for creating OK Go music videos and directing the 2014 film, Step Up All In. She has worked in children's entertainment, film, television, music video, stage, and ballroom DanceSport.
Biography.
Sie was born Patricia Kulash in Washington, DC. Sie is her married name. She has a degree in music from the University of Pennsylvania and is a professional championship ballroom dancer and owner of the Zebra Room Dance Studios in Orlando, FL. She is the director of Step Up All In, the fifth feature film installment of the Step Up franchise of dance movies.
Other projects include choreography for OK Go, Pilobolus Dance Theatre, Rufus Wainwright, Miranda July, Bobcat Goldthwait, Matt Harding, the Imagination Movers, ESPN, Jason Hill, and various DanceSport champions. Sie is also the creator, composer, and writer of the musical science-based children's show, The Snark-a-Snoops, based in Los Angeles. She directs music videos, commercials, and films. She is based in Los Angeles.
Viral videos.
Sie is well known for her viral videos, most notably the "treadmill dance" video "Here It Goes Again" which she created, choreographed, co-produced and co-directed with the rock band OK Go, a group fronted by her brother Damian Kulash. The treadmill video, which has had over 50 million plays on YouTube since being posted in July 2006, was performed live at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards and won a 2007 Grammy Award for best short-form music video. Sie conceived the idea for the treadmill video, and she and the band shot it at her home dance studio using a friend's borrowed video camera.
Sie had earlier choreographed OK Go's dance routine for "A Million Ways," which the band filmed in Kulash's back yard, spawning the viral internet video which was nominated for Best Music Video at the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards.
In 2010, Sie teamed up again with OK Go to create, direct and choreograph "the dog video" for the song, "White Knuckles," which garnered more than a million hits in the first 24 hours after it was posted online. In yet another single, uninterrupted shot, the band is dancing with 12 trained dogs, a variety of furniture pieces and one goat. The video features rescue dogs and proceeds from the project benefit the ASPCA's animal rescue efforts.
In 2011, Sie teamed up yet again with OK Go to create and co-direct a project with modern dance troupe Pilobolus. The resulting video for the song "All Is Not Lost" features the band and members of the troupe in blue leotards crawling, wiggling and tumbling across a glass surface while the camera beneath looks upward toward the ceiling. The video was released as an interactive HTML5 application designed for the Google Chrome Experiment. The HTML5 version was posted to website "allisnotlo.st" in addition to a traditional video posted on YouTube. The interactive HTML5 version allows the user to enter a custom message that is embedded into the finale of the video. The video has been nominated for a Grammy Award. She also participated in Phoenixville TEDx conference during 2011.
In 2012, Sie teamed up one more time with OK Go to create and dance Tango in Skyscrapers. The Skyscrapers video was adapted for the stage by Ms. Sie and Pilobolus and premiered at the Joyce Theatre in New York City, July, 2012.
Commercial director.
Her commercial work has been honored with awards from "Boards" magazine, "Creativity" magazine, YouTube, and Saatchi & Saatchi's Director's Showcase in Cannes. Among her award-winning commercial projects is her direction and choreography of Häagen-Dazs' viral public service announcement, "Dancing B-Boys Drop Dead", raising awareness of the alarming worldwide disappearance of honeybees.
Personal life.
Sie is married. Her second pregnancy and second unmedicated natural childbirth was shown on the popular Discovery Health Channel television show Deliver Me in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9626315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626315" title="Henning Bjerregaard">
Henning Bjerregaard

Henning Bjerregaard (born 6 March 1927) is a Danish former amateur football (soccer) player, who played for AGF Aarhus and B 93 in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1951 Danish football championship, playing for B93. He won the Danish championship twice (1955 and 1956) and also the very first Danish Cup final in 1955 while playing for AGF. But he returned to play for B 93 after his second Danish championship for AGF in 1956. He was capped once for Denmark in 1954. 
His career suddeny ended in August 1959, after he had been involved in a serious car accident. Intoxicated by alcohol, he fell asleep in his car and killed two foreign students who were driving a scooter. He escaped unharmed, but served 12 months imprisonment because of the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="9626317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626317" title="David Brown (ice hockey)">
David Brown (ice hockey)

David Brown (born February 1, 1985, in Stoney Creek, Ontario) is a professional ice hockey goaltender for the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League. Brown was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 8th round, 228th overall, in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. Before playing professional, Brown played four seasons for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish, and was named MVP in 2006. He was a finalist for the 2007 Hobey Baker Award, which is awarded to the top collegiate player in the country. 
Brown was originally drafted by the from the Kilty Bees. Brown progressed through the Hamilton minor hockey ranks to the Provincial A Kilty Bees, and was eventually drafted by the Mississauga Ice Dogs of the OHL (Ontario Hockey League), where he was their fifth round selection in the 2001 draft. Once Brown finished his junior career, he eventually moved on to the University of Notre Dame. 
He is an alumnus of Bishop Ryan Catholic Secondary School in Hamilton, Ontario.
Brown has also played for the Quad City Mallards of the Central Hockey League (CHL). 
On February 18, 2011, the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League signed Brown to a professional tryout contract. 

</doc>
<doc id="9626324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626324" title="Mariamne I">
Mariamne I

Mariamne I, also called Mariamne the Hasmonean (died 29 BCE) was the second wife of Herod the Great. She was known for her great beauty, as was her brother Aristobulus. Ultimately this was the main reason for the downfall of the Hasmonean dynasty of Judea.
Her name is spelled Μαριάμη (Mariame) by Josephus, but in some editions of his work the second "m" is doubled (Mariamme). In later copies of those editions the spelling was dissimilated to its now most common form, Mariamne. In Hebrew, Mariamne is known as מִרְיָם, (Miriam), as in the traditional, Biblical name (see Miriam, the sister of Moses and Aaron).
Family.
Mariamne was the daughter of the Hasmonean Alexandros, and thus one of the last heirs to the Hasmonean dynasty of Judea. Mariamne's only sibling was Aristobulus III of Judea. Her father, Alexander of Judaea, the son of Aristobulus II, married his cousin Alexandra, daughter of his uncle Hyrcanus II, in order to cement the line of inheritance from Hyrcanus and Aristobulus, but the inheritance soon continued the blood feud of previous generations, and eventually led to the downfall of the Hasmonean line. By virtue of her parents' union, Mariamne claimed Hasmonean royalty on both sides of her family lineage.
Her mother, Alexandra, arranged for her betrothal to Herod in 41 BCE. The two were wed four years later in Samaria. Mariamne bore Herod four children: two sons, Alexandros and Aristobulus (both executed in 7 BCE), and two daughters, Salampsio and Cypros.
Josephus writes that it was because of Mariamne's vehement insistence that Herod made her brother Aristobulos a High Priest. Aristobulos, who was not even eighteen years old, drowned within a year of his appointment; Alexandra, his mother, blamed Herod. Alexandra wrote to Cleopatra, begging her assistance in avenging the boy's murder. Cleopatra in turn urged Marc Antony to punish Herod for the crime, and Antony sent for him to make his defense. Herod left his young wife in the care of his uncle Joseph, along with the instructions that if Antony should kill him, Joseph should kill Mariamne. Herod believed his wife to be so beautiful that she would become engaged to another man after his death and that his great love for Mariamne prevented him from enduring a separation from her, even in death. Joseph became familiar with the queen and eventually divulged this information to her and the other women of the household, which did not have the hoped-for effect of proving Herod's devotion to his wife. Rumors soon circulated that Herod had been killed by Antony, and Alexandra persuaded Joseph to take Mariamne and her to the Roman legions for protection. However, Herod was released by Antony and returned home, only to be informed of Alexandra's plan by his mother and sister, Salome. Salome also accused Mariamne of committing adultery with Joseph, a charge which Herod initially dismissed after discussing it with his wife. After Herod forgave her, Mariamne inquired about the order given to Joseph to kill her should Herod be killed, and Herod then became convinced of her infidelity, saying that Joseph would only have confided that to her were the two of them intimate. He gave orders for Joseph to be executed and for Alexandra to be confined, but Herod did not punish his wife.
Because of this conflict between Mariamne and Salome, when Herod visited Augustus in Rhodes, he separated the women. He left his sister and his sons in Masada while he moved his wife and mother-in-law to Alexandrium. Again, Herod left instructions that should he die, the charge of the government was to be left to Salome and his sons, and Mariamne and her mother were to be killed. Mariamne and Alexandra were left in the charge of another man named Sohemus, and after gaining his trust again learned of the instructions Herod provided should harm befall him. Mariamne became convinced that Herod did not truly love her and resented that he would not let her survive him. When Herod returned home, Mariamne treated him coldly and did not conceal her hatred for him. Salome and her mother preyed on this opportunity, feeding Herod false information to fuel his dislike. Herod still favored her; but she refused to have sexual relations with him and accused him of killing her grandfather, Hyrcanus II, and her brother. Salome insinuated that Mariamne planned to poison Herod, and Herod had Mariamne's favorite eunuch tortured to learn more. The eunuch knew nothing of a plot to poison the king, but confessed the only thing he did know: that Mariamne was dissatisfied with the king because of the orders given to Sohemus. Outraged, Herod called for the immediate execution of Sohemus, but permitted Mariamne to stand trial for the alleged murder plot. To gain favor with Herod, Mariamne's mother even implied Mariamne was plotting to commit "lèse majesté". Mariamne was ultimately convicted and executed in 29 BCE. Herod grieved for her for many months.
Talmudic reference.
There is a Talmudic passage concerning the marriage and death of Mariamne, although her name is not mentioned. when the whole house of the Hasmoneans had been rooted out, she threw herself from the roof and was killed. She committed suicide because Herod had spared her life, so that he can marry her. If he were to marry her then he would not be able to claim that he was actually a slave, but rather that he had royal blood. Out of love for her, Herod is said to have kept her body preserved in honey for seven years. There is an opinion that he would use her to fulfil animalistic desires In the Talmud this sort of action is called a "deed of Herod". Josephus relates also that after her death Herod tried in hunting and banqueting to forget his loss, but that even his strong nature succumbed and he fell ill in Samaria, where he had made Mariamne his wife. The Mariamne Tower in Jerusalem, built by Herod, was without doubt named after her; it was called also "Queen".
Mariamne in the arts.
From the Renaissance to contemporary times, there has been a long tradition of works of art (dramas, operas, novels, etc.) devoted to Mariamne and her relationship with Herod the Great. The list includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9626333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626333" title="Mariamne (third wife of Herod)">
Mariamne (third wife of Herod)

Mariamne II was the third wife of Herod the Great. She was the daughter of Simon Boethus the High Priest. Josephus recounts their wedding thus: 
She had one child by Herod, called Herod II or Herod Boethus. Herod II married his niece, Herodias, and by her had a daughter, Salome. 
Mariamne II was implicated in the plot of Antipater against her husband in 4 BCE. As a result, Herod divorced her and removed her father (Simon Boethus) as high priest. Her son Herod II was removed from the line of succession in Herod's last will.

</doc>
<doc id="9626336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626336" title="Eric McCutchan">
Eric McCutchan

Eric Oswald McCutchan OBE (1913 – died 22 November 1991) was a leading Australian rules football administrator in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Beginning his administrative career with the VFL in 1932, McCutchan gave 44 years service to the league. From 1945 to 1955 he was Assistant Secretary of the VFL, and from 1956 he was Secretary, a position he held until 1965. He was Administrative Director from 1966 to 1976.
He played a major role in the development of Waverley Park. He presented the premiership Cup to Hawthorn after the 1991 Grand Final – the only Grand Final played at Waverley.
McCutchan was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996. He was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne. He was awarded the Order of the British Empire in December 1976 for services to sports administration.

</doc>
<doc id="9626340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626340" title="Shahin Imranov">
Shahin Imranov

Shahin Imranov () (born 23 September 1980) is a boxer from Azerbaijan.
best known to win two featherweight silver medals at European championships.
Career.
Imranov won a silver medal at the 2002 European Amateur Boxing Championships. He qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics by ending up in second place at the 2nd AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Warsaw, Poland. In Athens, Greece he was defeated in the second round of the featherweight (57 kg) division by Russia's eventual winner Alexei Tichtchenko.
He repeated his success and the 2006 European Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the world championships 2007 he was upset by Indian Anthresh Lalit Lakra.
At the Olympics 2008 he retired with an elbow injury in his semifinal against Khedafi Djelkhir and won Bronze, he was trailing 2:5.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9626350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626350" title="Associates Triangular Series in West Indies in 2006–07">
Associates Triangular Series in West Indies in 2006–07

The ICC Associates Triangular Series in the West Indies in 2006/07 was a three-match series involving Bangladesh, Bermuda and Canada. It was a warm-up tournament for the 2007 Cricket World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9626351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626351" title="Stratford–Okahukura Line">
Stratford–Okahukura Line

The Stratford-Okahukura Line (SOL) is a secondary railway line in the North Island of New Zealand, between the Marton - New Plymouth Line and the North Island Main Trunk Railway, with 15 intermediate stations. It is long through difficult country, with 24 tunnels and a number of sections of 1 in 50 grade. Near Okahukura there is an unusual combined road-rail bridge over the Ongarue River, with the one-lane road carriageway below the single rail track. The line is not currently in service for rail traffic and under lease for a tourist venture.
Construction.
The line was authorised in 1900, and the Hon William Hall-Jones turned the first sod of the Stratford-Kawakawa Railway at Stratford on 28 March 1901 - Kawakawa, south of Ongarue, was to be the junction point with the North Island Main Trunk Line. Construction took nearly 32 years, and the western part, from Stratford, was operated as the Toko Branch in 1902. The SOL was nearly complete before the onset of the Great Depression, so work was not halted, unlike on many public works projects such as the East Coast Main Trunk Railway beyond Taneatua.
On 7 November 1932 the last spike was driven at Heao by the Prime Minister, the Right Hon. Gordon Coates, though the SOL was not handed over by the Public Works Department to the New Zealand Railways Department until 4 September 1933.
Operation.
Passenger services.
The SOL was initially served by the New Plymouth Night Express between New Plymouth and Auckland and by Stratford–Taumarunui passenger trains. Scheduled passenger trains ceased in January 1983 as roads in the rugged and isolated northern Taranaki were improved and passengers switched to cars, though the line was not closed to all passenger trains until January 2007, after an excursion to Whangamomona's "Republic Day" celebrations. This terminated the operation of excursions, but efforts are underway to have the line upgraded to a standard where excursions will again be possible. A working party of stakeholders was formed in June 2007 to investigate the current state of the line and to develop a case for upgrading it. Considerable deferred maintenance is required to bring the line up to safety standards required for passenger trains; this will cost approximately NZ$6 million to complete, according to Stratford Mayor Brian Jeffares.
Freight services.
Most freight was for the rural hinterland, but along the SOL there were coal mines near Ohura and Tangarakau, and also sawmills. One freight train operated each weeknight each way along the line carrying freight between New Plymouth and Auckland, interchanging at Taumarunui. In recent years the deferred maintenance issues meant these services operated under heavy speed restrictions.
The SOL was upgraded in 1959-60, and a deviation and new station built at Stratford. 
In conjunction with the Marton - New Plymouth Line the SOL also provided an alternative route when the North Island Main Trunk was closed between Marton and Taumarunui.
Mothballing.
The SOL suffered from a lack of investment on maintenance in recent years, leading to a number of speed restrictions being put in place. In July 2002 a fatal derailment occurred at Te Wera, and a number of other incidents also plagued operations. In November 2009 a serious partial derailment of a wagon occurred, damaging some 16 km of line preventing use by trains without repairs. Following this KiwiRail decided to mothball the 144 km line, with rail freight now being routed through Palmerston North. However ideas for preserving the line emerged with hopes that customers and investment could be found to return the line to full service.
Adventure tourism operator Forgotten World Adventures reached agreement with KiwiRail in 2012 to lease the line for their new venture using modified petrol rail carts for tourists to travel between the line's termini at Stratford and Okahukura, via a number of trip options, starting from Labour Weekend 2012. The 30-year lease makes the company responsible for the line's maintenance and access control but allows KiwiRail to use the line in emergencies and to resume control of the line depending on future circumstances and opportunities.

</doc>
<doc id="9626359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626359" title="Khedafi Djelkhir">
Khedafi Djelkhir

Khédafi Djelkhir, or sometimes Khesafi Djelkhir, (born 26 October 1983 in Besançon) is a French featherweight amateur boxer of Algerian origin. He qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal at the 2004 European Championships.
Career.
Djelkhir won a silver medal at featherweight at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia losing to Vitali Tajbert.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There, he was defeated in the second round of the featherweight (57 kg) division again by Germany's eventual bronze medalist Vitali Tajbert.
Djelkhir qualified for the Olympics 2008 by beating English boxer Stephen Smith in the semi final of a European qualifying tournament.
At the Olympics he reached the finals where he lost to Ukrainian southpaw Vasyl Lomachenko.
Olympic Games.
2004 (as a featherweight)
2008 (as a featherweight)
World Championships.
2005 (as a featherweight)
2007 (as a featherweight)

</doc>
<doc id="9626361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626361" title="University of Hawaii Marching Band">
University of Hawaii Marching Band

The University of Hawaiʻi Rainbow Warrior Marching Band is a marching band for the University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa.
History.
The first band at the University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa was established in 1923. The only university marching band in the state of Hawaii and the biggest student organization on campus performs pregame and halftime at all the Hawaiʻi Warriors football home games at Aloha Stadium, including bowl games, as well as pep band at home games for basketball and volleyball.
General information.
The UH marching band consists of over 250 members. Under the direction of David M. Blon, it is considered a one-credit graded course at the University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa. Students enrolled receive a tuition waiver, with rehearsals three days a week.
The band played at the 2008 Sugar Bowl.
Instrumentation includes approximately 16 flutes and piccolos, 19 clarinets, 43 alto/tenor saxophones, 11 French horns, 39 trumpets, 18 trombones, 8 baritones, 18 tubas, 30 percussion and 14 color guard

</doc>
<doc id="9626365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626365" title="Kundert Medical Clinic">
Kundert Medical Clinic

The Kundert Medical Clinic is a building in San Luis Obispo, California, USA, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in the 1950s. It is notable for being one of the few commercial buildings designed by Wright.
This building is now occupied by cardiologist Kenneth Tway, MD.

</doc>
<doc id="9626377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626377" title="Anwar Wagdi">
Anwar Wagdi

Anwar Wagdy () (11 October 1904 - 14 May 1955) was an Egyptian actor, writer, director and producer.
Life.
Anwar was born in the Cairo district of El Daher, Cairo. He was of Syrian descent. His father, Yehia Wagdy El-Fattal, immigrated to Egypt from Syria with his family in the 19th century for economic reasons. Anwar's Egyptian mother, Muhiba El-Rikaby, was from Cairo. Anwar grew up very poor and was known for his extraordinary ambition and desire to amass wealth. Anwar Wagdy was married to Egyptian actresses Elham Hussein, Leila Mourad (three times), and Leila Fawzy. He died at 51 in Sweden while seeking treatment of polycystic kidney disease.
Career.
Anwar Wagdy began his acting career as an extra in 1922 in the Youssef Wahbi Theatre Company's production of Julius Caesar. He quickly leaped to stardom and played leading roles in and/or directed 92 Egyptian films between the 1932 and 1955. He achieved particular success partnering with his wife, Egyptian legend Leila Mourad. 
Youssef Wahbi directed his first film: "Defense" in 1934 and called "Anwar Wagdy" to take part in this film with him. After the failure of a film caused some financial problems for Youssef Wahbi and producer, which resulted in Anwar to join the National Force Theater, which was founded in 1935. Anwar Wagdi found that cinema is more suited to his talent and more in tune with its aspirations because of its popularity and its ability to reach a wider audience.
Throughout that period, he made "Wings of the Desert", in 1939. Anwar Wagdy became a star, as directors of the exploitation of its looks handsome and soft features in the provision of the roles of the rich aristocrat indifferent to any symbol of evil. And grandfather established his production company "films Nations", and produced, directed and acted in a number of films together with his wife Laila Murad, whom he married while filming the first: "The following are the poor girl."

</doc>
<doc id="9626380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626380" title="Jens Peter Hansen">
Jens Peter Hansen

Jens Peter Hansen, alternatively spelled Jens Peder Hansen (15 March 1927 – 16 November 1996) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player, who played 465 games and scored 150 goals for Esbjerg fB in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1951 Danish football championship, and played 38 games and scored 18 goals for the Denmark national football team. He represented Denmark at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He also played for the Denmark national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9626392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626392" title="Gustav Stresemann Business School">
Gustav Stresemann Business School

The GSW (Gustav-Stresemann-Wirtschaftsschule) is a German high school in Mainz. Mainz is the capital of Rhineland-Palatinate. The school is situated between the station "Mainz Römisches Theater" and the industrial area of the city. It is named after Gustav Stresemann, the liberal politician and statesman.
Campus.
The buildings of GSW are divided into two buildings connected with a passageway. The two buildings are subdivided into 4 levels. In the building B are the staffrooms, secretary and headmasters. The building A is only used for students.
The buildings have 7 PC-rooms, special chemistry and physics room and a training room for students were they can work and train at the PC. Beyond the school there is an underground car-park.
History.
On April 15, 1907, the Gustav-Stresemann commercial school was found as a high school. In 1909, the school was extended into a one year commercial elementary school for boys. In 1922, the school was established at the “Domus University” as a two year school.
Between 1944 to 47, caused by the war and the destruction of a schoolbuilding after a bombing raid, the school closed for 3 years. On April 15, 1947, the school reopened in a different location with the principal Dr. Dörr.
In 1952-55 the school was headed by Dr. J.Kloster, followed in 1955 by Mr. Steglich.
In 1958 the school moved to the Zitadelle Mainz. At the citadel the school occupied two small buildings. The citadel had direct access to the train station. During that time some later successful pupils attended classes, like Karl-Heinz Kipp, the “Massa” founder of the “Bakery Ditsch”, Peter Ditsch.
In 1964 a name change to “Gustav-Stresemann school” took place. Gustav Stresemann was a Nobel Prize laureate, also famous as head of the foreign office. He supported the reconciliation between Germany and France after the First World War and workers' rights.
In 1968 Gustav-Stresemann school changed to a commercial school.
1973-89 Theo Hipleh headed Gustav-Stresemann commercial school, followed by Mrs. Nortrud Hummel from 1990-1993. Her successor was Günter Mattis.
2004-2013 Ibolya Havel-Scheuermann.
In 1979/80 the Gustav-Stresemann commercial school reorganised to also provide language skills. 1999 Gustav-Stresemann school moved out ot the citadel compound into a former IBM building.
In 2002/03 a basic business training school was added, providing classes to apprentices. Finally in 2007, a total of 855 pupils and 80 teachers constitute “GSW”
Business oriented grammar school.
The objective of the business oriented grammar school is to get the university entrance and learning about business subjects. The attendance of the course takes usually 3 years.
Requirements.
To enter the business oriented grammar school one must have the secondary school qualification or an equivalent qualification with a grade average of 3.0. The main subjects German, English, and Mathematics have to be “sufficient” means grade 4 or better. A pupil who has acquired the qualification of the business oriented secondary school specified in foreign languages and has finished this course with a “sufficient” grade or better, can be taken up without attendance of the introductory year 11, immediately to the 12th class (12/1) of the business oriented grammar school.
Characteristics of the course.
The course covers the introductory year 11/1 and 11/2 and two year qualification phase (half-years 12/1;12/2;13/1 and 13/2). The general qualification for university entrance examination is accomplished in the second half year of the 13th class. The only transfer is from 11th to 12th class.
Qualification Phase.
The pupils start the Qualification Phase 12/1 with their selected subject combinations and have to take it till the last school year 13/2. At the end of 13/2 they will have a demanded exam and to get finally their general qualification for university entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="9626396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626396" title="Watson capsule">
Watson capsule

The Watson peroral small intestinal biopsy capsule was a system used through from the 1960s to obtain small intestinal wall biopsies in patients with suspected coeliac disease and other diseases affecting the proximal small bowel.
A similar device known as the Crosby-Kugler capsule was also developed in the 1950s and utilized for similar purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="9626397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626397" title="Konstantine Kupatadze">
Konstantine Kupatadze

Konstantine Kupatadze () (born 28 April 1983) is a boxer from Georgia.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was stopped in the second round of the featherweight (57 kg) division by North Korea's eventual runner-up Kim Song-Guk.
Kupatadze won bronze medals in the same division at the 2002 European Amateur Boxing Championships and the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9626409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626409" title="List of Pancrase champions">
List of Pancrase champions

This is a list of Pancrase champions at each weight class. Pancrase is a Japan-based mixed martial arts(MMA) promoting and sanctioning organization since 1993. The champions of Pancrase are alternatley referred to as "King of Pancrasist" or "King of Pancrase".
By nationality.
The following include championship title holders by nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="9626415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626415" title="Dave Beaumont">
Dave Beaumont

David Beaumont (born 10 December 1963 in Dunfermline) is a retired Scottish footballer who played for Dundee United, Luton Town and Hibernian.
As a youth, Beaumont won the Under-18 European Championship with Scotland in 1982 and reached the quarter-finals of the resulting 1983 Under-20 World Championships. A versatile defensive midfielder, Beaumont made the breakthrough into the Dundee United first team during the 1983–84 season, but found it hard to get a regular spot in a defence with a back four of Malpas, Gough, Hegarty and Narey. He was used as cover for all four, and appeared as a defensive midfielder occasionally over the next couple of seasons.
Beaumont spent nearly half of the 1986-87 season in the starting eleven, his best run in the first team, making 40 appearances, and played in six matches of United's UEFA Cup run that season, including an appearance as substitute for Paul Sturrock in the 1st leg of the Final in Gothenburg. Beaumont left for Luton Town midway through the 1988-89 season, for whom he appeared in the 1989 Littlewoods Cup Final.
He returned to Scotland with Hibernian in October 1991. Weeks later, he was an unused substitute as they beat Dunfermline Athletic in the Skol Cup Final. Injuries hampered him after this, however, and he was forced to quit the senior game in 1994. Beaumont is now a police officer in Fife, playing for the Scottish Police team.

</doc>
<doc id="9626418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626418" title="Isaac Marks">
Isaac Marks

Isaac Meyer Marks (born 1935) was born in Cape Town, South Africa. He trained in medicine there, qualifying in 1956. His training as a psychiatrist began in 1960 at the University of London (at the Bethlem-Maudsley Hospital) and was completed in 1963. In 1971 he was a founder Member of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, and in 1976 he was elected a Fellow. 
Between 1964 and 2000 he conducted clinical research at the Institute of Psychiatry, University of London, and the Bethlem-Maudsley Hospital. He became Honorary Consultant Psychiatrist at the Institute in 1968, and Professor of Experimental Psychopathology in 1978. In 2000 he became Professor Emeritus. 
From 2000-2003 he ran a computer-aided self-help clinic at Imperial College, London, where he was a Visiting Professor. He is now also Honorary Professor at the Free University of Amsterdam.
Marks’ research included the treatment of anxiety, phobic, obsessive-compulsive and sexual disorders; interactions between drugs and behavioral psychotherapy; development of a nurse behavioral psychotherapist training program (in relation to which he coined the term 'barefoot therapist', modelled on Mao Zedong's term Barefoot Doctor); community care of serious mental illness; and health care and cost-effectiveness evaluation. He has developed computer aids both to evaluate treatment outcome and for self-help - matters which continue to be a central interest.
He was also instrumental in the creation of the self-help organisation Triumph Over Phobia and was a founding member of the BABCP

</doc>
<doc id="9626434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626434" title="Jack Hamilton (footballer)">
Jack Hamilton (footballer)

Jack Hamilton (28 November 1928 – 30 May 1990) was an Australian rules football player in the Victorian Football League (VFL) before becoming a prominent administrator. 
Hamilton was known as a tough full-back who played with Collingwood Football Club in the VFL (later to be renamed as the Australian Football League) from 1948 to 1957 for a career total of 154 games and 16 goals. He also represented Victoria in one game. 
His administrative career spanned 29 years and included:
Hamilton was killed in an car accident whilst travelling to a football match.
Hamilton was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9626439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626439" title="Umanath Bali">
Umanath Bali

Rai Rajeswar Bali,along with Rai Umanath Bali and Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande, founded an institution for Indian music in Lucknow now known as Bhatkhande Music Institute University. Rai Umanath Bali was distant uncle to Rai Rajeshwar Bali, the Taluqdar of Daryabad and was Younger to him in age .
Today, the Rai Umanath Bali Auditorium in Lucknow is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9626443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626443" title="OL postcode area">
OL postcode area

The OL postcode area, also known as the Oldham postcode area, is a group of postcode districts around Ashton-under-Lyne, Bacup, Heywood, Littleborough, Oldham, Rochdale and Todmorden in England.
Whilst including almost all of Oldham and most of the wider Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, it is not exclusive to these areas, extending into most of the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale and parts of the Tameside borough of Greater Manchester, and through a very small part of both Lancashire and West Yorkshire.
__TOC__
Coverage.
The approximate coverage of the postcode districts are:
! OL1
! OL2
! OL3
! OL4
! OL5
! OL6
! OL7
! OL8
! OL9
! OL10
! OL11
! OL12
! OL13
! OL14
! OL15
! OL16
! OL16
! OL95

</doc>
<doc id="9626451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626451" title="Muller automaton">
Muller automaton

In automata theory, a Muller automaton is a type of an ω-automaton. 
The acceptance condition separates a Muller automaton from other ω-automata.
The Muller automata is defined using Muller acceptance condition, i.e. the set of all states visited infinitely often must be an element of the acceptance set. Both deterministic and non-deterministic Muller automata recognize the ω-regular languages.
Formal definition.
Formally, a deterministic Muller-automaton is a tuple "A" = ("Q",Σ,δ,"q"0,F) that consists of the following information:
In a non-deterministic Muller automaton, the transition function δ is replaced with a transition relation Δ that returns a set of states and initial state is "q"0 is replaced by a set of initial states "Q"0. Generally, Muller automaton refers to non-deterministic Muller automaton.
For more comprehensive formalism look at ω-automaton.
Equivalence with other ω-automata.
The Muller automata are equally expressive as parity automata, Rabin Automata, Streett automata, and non-deterministic Büchi automata, to mention some, and strictly more expressive than the deterministic Büchi automata. The equivalence of the above automata and non-deterministic Muller automata can be shown very easily as the accepting conditions of these automata can be emulated using the acceptance condition of Muller automata. McNaughton's Theorem demonstrates the equivalence of non-deterministic Büchi automaton and deterministic Muller automaton. Thus, deterministic and non-deterministic Muller automaton are equivalent in terms of the languages they can accept.
Transformation to non-deterministic muller automaton.
Following is a list of automata constructions which transforms a type of ω-automata to a non-deterministic muller automaton.
Transformation to deterministic muller automaton.
McNaughton's Theorem provides a procedure to transform non-deterministic Büchi automaton to deterministic Muller automaton.

</doc>
<doc id="9626456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626456" title="The Dope Poet Society">
The Dope Poet Society

The Dope Poet Society is a hip hop group from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Their music is characterized by clever and sometimes controversial lyrics. ProfessorD.us (formerly Professor D) is the lead vocalist of the group, known for his tongue twisting, “rapid fire” rap style. The group has been active since 1995 and has toured around the world. They have also performed and collaborated with some of the most influential artists in Hip Hop including Public Enemy, Dead Prez, Jeru the Damaja, and Boot Camp Click.
Professor D changed his name to ProfessorD.us with the release of his 2008 album, "Third World Warriors Vol.1", which lists the artist as "ProfessorD.us - The Dope Poet Society".
History.
The Dope Poet Society, in their early teens, recorded a song and music video for YTV, entitled "Canadian Unity" (1992).
The group founded Justus League Records and released their first vinyl single and music video, "Too Many Years" (1995), which appeared on Rapcity and was featured on MuchMusic's Indie Spotlight. Their debut album, "Dangerous Days" (1997), was the first full length CD to be independently released by a Canadian hip hop group. It was credited by "Now" as "fostering a… sense of community" in Toronto’s hip hop scene. Their second album, "Hipolitics" (1999), spawned their first major hit, "Fuck Mike Harris!" In their review of the EP, "Now" wrote, “If Dalton McGuinty or Howard Hampton provincial opposition leaders of the time wanted to really make their point with the youth, they'd adopt the lead cut on this five-song EP as their campaign theme song.” The song became a huge hit on college radio across the province and across the country. Public Enemy frontman, Chuck D, began playing the song on his internet radio show on bringthenoise.com and began a relationship with the group which led to mentorship and collaboration.
The Dope Poet Society is known for quickly responding to political events with critical material. In 2000, they became the first group to release a song “dissing” George W. Bush, and condemning him as a “terrorist". Two weeks after September 11, 2001, the group released their CD "9/11 World Trade". In the title track they allude to Malcolm X’s likening John F. Kennedy's assassination to "chickens coming home to roost", implying that September 11 was another case of "the chickens coming home to roost". In 2003, in response to the US’s invasion of Iraq, The Dope Poet Society released the single "War of Terrorism". The song was debuted at Toronto’s Metro Hall to a crowd of 80,000 anti-war protestors on February 15, 2003. Jeff Chang wrote in the UK’s "New Internationalist", “The Dope Poet Society's song 'War of Terrorism', challenged the moral righteousness of the war and echoed many anti-war activists' concerns that far more insidious motives were driving it.” In an article commissioned by The Centre for Political Song at Glasgow University, Janis McNair notes that "The Dope Poet Society’s track War of Terrorism, expressed a fundamental conjecture of anti-war protestors: the root of the conflict is oil." The title of the group’s latest album, “ProIntelPro: Promote Intelligence Program” is a play on the FBI’s COINTELPRO operations, as the group’s self-proclaimed aim is to “promote intelligence rather than counter it”.
The Dope Poet Society was the first Canadian Urban act to perform at MIDEM, the world's largest music conference. They were introduced by Chuck D and joined on stage by Canadian rap godfather Maestro and up-and-comer Rochester.
Activism.
The Dope Poet Society has been politically active from its inception. They have performed at countless protests and political events across North America. In 1993 they performed their anti-sexist song “Lady Killer” at North York City Hall for that year’s commemoration of the École Polytechnique massacre. In 1994 they performed and aggressively participated in rallies organized by Anti-Racist Action Network (ARA) and other local groups with the express purpose of physically confronting neo-Nazis that had been organizing and harassing people of colour in Toronto’s East end. In the late 90s the group was active in a culture jamming group known as the Toronto Media Collective, profiled in Naomi Klein’s book No Logo. In 2000 members of the group founded the Toronto Hip-Hop Cultural Arts Centre (THC) and were actively involved in the centre’s programs. The THC hosted community events involving all the elements of HipHop and offered computer access, homework assistance, general advice and job counseling to local youth. The organization faced racially motivated attacks and police harassment. The centre closed in 2005.
"Third World Warriors Vol. 1".
The 2008 album from ProfessorD.us – The Dope Poet Society, is entitled "Third World Warriors Vol. 1". The record focuses on world politics dropped with “constantly morphing… tongue twisting flows” and an army of guest contributors including award winning musicians, rappers, singers and producers. The album’s first single and video is called “Freedom in Haiti”. Produced by Justus League virtuoso Jad-X, the track incorporates elements of Rock, Hip-Hop and a spellbinding chorus by Toronto R&B sensation Obie. In the song, ProfessorD.us raps about Haiti’s under-heralded place in history as the site of the world’s greatest slave revolution and of that nation’s continued oppression by The USA, France and Canada, under the guise of foreign aid. The music video is directed by US journalist and Filmmaker Kevin Pina and features original footage daringly shot by Pina in Haiti. The ‘B-side’, “Everything’s Political”, features M-1 of dead prez. The song is ProfessorD.us and M-1’s sharp response to all those who ask, “Why is your music always so political?” dead prez, like the Dope Poet Society, cite Public Enemy as a major influence, and the groups consolidated their revolutionary camaraderie while sharing various stages around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9626465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626465" title="Fear, Stress &amp; Anger">
Fear, Stress &amp; Anger

Fear, Stress & Anger is a British sitcom that aired on BBC Two in 2007. Starring Peter Davison and Pippa Haywood, it was written by Michael Aitkens. There is no studio audience or laugh track.
Plot.
Martin Chadwick is a middle-aged (born 1956) advertising executive whose job is downsized and he is forced to work at home, only having contact with one colleague, Gemma, via a webcam. Meanwhile the Civil Service career of his wife Julie stagnates and his two twenty-something daughters, Chloe and Lucy refuse to leave home. Martin's elderly mother appears lost in another world. Martin and Julie's best friends are Duncan Amis, an author, and his wife Sarah who is a television actress. Martin and Julie try new jobs and therapy in order to cope with their life.
Theme tune.
Mcfly's cover of the Queen song "Don't Stop Me Now" accompanies the closing credits, while Queen's original accompanies the opening credits.
Trivia:Georgia Moffett is actually the daughter of Peter Davison (and Sandra Dickinson)

</doc>
<doc id="9626467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626467" title="Khavazhi Khatsigov">
Khavazhi Khatsigov

Khavazhi Khatsigov (born 17 April 1977 in Grozny) is a boxer from Belarus.
He was born in Russia, but after his failure to join the Russian national team (Raimkul Malakhbekov was the No.1 Russian bantamweight in that time), he moved to Belarus in 1999.
Khatsigov won a gold medal at the 2002 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Perm, Russia. 
He qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics by ending up in second place at the 4th AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Baku, Azerbaijan. In Athens, Greece he defeated Juan Manuel López (boxer) but lost in the second round of the Bantamweight (54 kg) division to Thailand's eventual runner-up Worapoj Petchkoom.
He also qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics, but was edged out by Veaceslav Gojan in his first bout.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9626470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626470" title="Poul Erik Petersen">
Poul Erik Petersen

Poul Erik "Popper" Petersen (7 May 1927 – 14 October 1992) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player, who played for Køge Boldklub in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1952 Danish football championship. He played 15 games and scored six goals for the Denmark national football team. He represented Denmark at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9626476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626476" title="Next of Kin (1989 film)">
Next of Kin (1989 film)

Next of Kin is a 1989 American action film directed by John Irvin and starring Patrick Swayze and Liam Neeson, with Adam Baldwin and Ben Stiller in one of his earliest roles. The screenplay was based on a story of the same title, both written by Michael Jenning.
Plot.
Truman Gates (Patrick Swayze), raised in Appalachia, has migrated to Chicago to become a police officer. Married to Jessie, who has a baby on the way, he seems to have made the transition from hillbilly to respectable law man. When the local coal mine closes, Truman persuades his younger brother Gerald (Bill Paxton) to look for work in Chicago. But things take a turn for the worse when soon after landing a job as a truck driver, Gerald's vehicle is hijacked by mobsters and Gerald is killed by Joey Rosellini (Adam Baldwin), the nephew of mob boss Poppa John Isabella (Andreas Katsulas). 
Truman returns to Kentucky for the funeral. When his surviving brother, Briar Gates (Liam Neeson), insists on a traditional mountain blood feud, Truman urges his family to let the police deal with Gerald's murder. Briar finds Truman's reluctance to be disgraceful. Determined to deal with the murderers in his own way, Briar travels to Chicago in search of his youngest brothers killer. 
Meanwhile, Truman desperately tries to solve the crime before Briar takes revenge on his own. He approaches John Isabella and explains the mountain code to him. He suggests that if Gerald's murderer surrenders peacefully, it would save them both a lot of trouble. John, however, refuses on general principle, and Truman is left to continue his investigation. 
After arriving in town, Briar gets a room at a flop house. Before he leaves, he gives the front desk clerk the phone number of his cousin back home and asks him to call the number if he doesn't return by morning. 
Not wasting any time, Briar goes looking for information on the man who killed Gerald and, during his search, shoots up a local mob hangout. When Truman arrives a little later, Joey, embarrassed by the attack, says he is not pressing charges against Briar. He intends to "handle things" himself. When Poppa John says he feels things are getting out of hand, Joey dismisses the threat, saying that the Gates family, "plow rocks for a living." John responds, "That's what they said about 'our' people back in Sicily." 
Working together for a time, Briar and Truman learns the identity of the hijackers from a witness. Truman pressures Lawrence, the son of Poppa John, to turn states evidence against Joey. Lawrence goes to Joey for help, only to have Joey betray him. Lawrence's body is found with evidence of being tortured and evidence found at the scene points to Briar. Joey goes to Poppa John, who devastated by his son's death, sanctions a hit on the supposed culprit. Before he can, Briar breaks into Rosellini's trucking company and engages in a gunfight with Joey's crew and kills two of Joey's guys before Joey shoots Briar twice. Fatally wounded, Briar dies in Truman's arms.
When the flop house desk clerk hears about the deaths at the Trucking Company on the news, he calls Briar's next of kin.
Even though both Truman and the police know the evidence against Briar was planted, and Briar's death was an ambush, they can't prove it. Truman resigns from the police force and goes after the Rosellini mob himself. As the Gates family gathers together and travels to Chicago to begin a war against the Outfit, Truman goes on the offensive and throws one of Joey's guys into the window of a restaurant. When Joey comes out, he finds "You forgot one," painted on Joey's car and vows to murder Truman without his uncle's permission.
Truman lures the Rosellini crew to a darkened cemetery, where an extended battle ensues. In the end Truman has Joey pinned on the ground with a knife to his throat only to be stopped by Poppa John Isabella arrives with members of the Gates family held at gunpoint. He orders Truman to drop the knife and move out of the way. But Poppa John has learned the truth about Lawrence's murder, and to Joey's horror, he points the gun not at Truman, but at him. Joey asks him what is he going to do. The Don tells Joey, "This is for killing my son," and shoots him dead.
The Gates and Isabella families make peace. Back at the police station, Truman sees Jessie. Truman tells Jessie, "Now you're my only family."
Filming locations in Kentucky.
Some of the home scenes and the opening scenes were filmed in the small Perry County Kentucky coal camp of Hardburly. Others were done at the MC Napier High School gym in Hazard and in Letcher County near Carbonton.
Reception.
This film was rated 43% on Rotten Tomatoes out of 7 reviews. It earned a Razzie Award nomination for Patrick Swayze as Worst Actor (also for "Road House"), where he lost to William Shatner for "".
Soundtrack.
A soundtrack to the film was also released through Warner Bros. Records. Here is the track listing:
The album has been out of print for years and is considered a highly sought-after collector's item, usually priced fairly high on many online stores, including Amazon.

</doc>
<doc id="9626484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626484" title="Nathan Cummings">
Nathan Cummings

Nathan Cummings (1896–1985) was a Canadian-born American businessman, investor and philanthropist. He was the founder of Consolidated Foods, which later became known by one of its product lines, Sara Lee Corporation.
Early life.
Nathan Cummings was born in 1896 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, the first child of Jewish parents who had immigrated from Lithuania. It was pure chance that he was born Canadian: his parents had disembarked in Saint John, the first port of call, assuming it was their destination, New York City. The family later moved to Waltham, Massachusetts, setting up a small shoe shop. They moved to Manchester, New Hampshire, and eventually relocated their business in Montreal around the time of World War I. Cummings was not able to finish high school, but was sent to the Dry Goods Economist Training School in New York for a year before returning to work with his father. From the age of fifteen he sold shoes until, at nineteen, he took on the job of traveling salesman for a shoe manufacturer.
Business career.
By 1924 Cummings had established a shoe shop and factory of his own by 1924, but the business foundered during the Depression, and he was forced to declare bankruptcy in 1932. He paid off his debts and started anew.
By the mid-1930s he had invested in McCormicks, a biscuit and candy company in Canada. The success of that business, which he sold to Weston in 1939, prompted an invitation to manage the Baltimore-based coffee, tea and sugar chain, C.D. Kenny Company. Cummings acquired the company in 1941. Its continued prosperity allowed him to expand his holdings to found a business empire.
Over the next decade, Cummings invested within company after company. In 1945 he established his corporate headquarters in Chicago and formed the Consolidated Grocers Corporation as a holding company. "Time" proclaimed him the "Duke of Groceries."
In 1954 the company name was changed to Consolidated Foods Corporation, which Cummings thought was 'less old-fashioned', and in 1985 the name Sara Lee Corporation was adopted. Sara Lee was the name of one of the company's best known brands, which Cummings had acquired in 1956.
Cummings retired from the company in 1968, but remained honorary chairman and active in company affairs until his death in 1985.
Marriage/Family.
Cummings' first wife was Ruth Lillian Kellert, whom he married in 1919. She died in 1952. In 1959, he wed Joanne Toor; the marriage ended in divorce in 1976. Upon his death in 1985, Cummings was survived by three children from his first marriage, Mrs. Robert B. Mayer of Chicago, Herbert Cummings of Paradise Valley, Ariz., and Alan H. Cummings of Palm Beach; ; a sister, Mrs. Monroe Abbey, of Montreal; three brothers, Maxwell, Benjamin and Harold, all of Montreal, and nine grandchildren. Cummings was also related by marriage to MGM's legendary studio boss Louis B. Mayer.
In 1992, a history of the Cummings family entitled "David and Bessie Komiensky, Jewish Lithuanian Immigrants: A Brief Family History", was commissioned by friends as a surprise gift for Herbert Kellert Cummings, and published by Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.
Art collector.
As Cummings became increasingly affluent, he began to collect art. His first significant acquisition was made in Paris in 1945, immediately after World War II, when he purchased Camille Pissarro's "Bountiful Harvest 1893", which he noticed in the window of an art dealer. He knew nothing of Pissarro, but he was confident in what he liked.
There was little in Nathan Cummings' background to suggest an affinity with art. Later in his life he liked to tell of his first tentative encounter with art: "An advertising man convinced me that I should have a painting made of the view from my window." Cummings liked it so much that he asked the artist to paint the scene a second time - the view at night. His satisfaction with these works sparked an interest in collecting art that was to develop with the passion of the newly converted.
Cummings' collections were diverse, including French Impressionist paintings, modern sculpture, ancient Peruvian ceramics, and works of living artists such as Henry Moore, Pablo Picasso, Marc Chagall, Georges Braque, Giacomo Manzù and Alberto Giacometti, who became members of his social circle. He enjoyed friendships with other celebrities, including Duke and Duchess of Windsor and Bob Hope, a good friend who emerged from a giant cake at Cummings's eightieth birthday.
As a collector, Cummings did not confine himself to the acquisition of blue-chip impressionist and 20th-century master paintings. He enjoyed contemporary art and delighted in new discoveries. He often acquired whole series of works by artists he liked, later distributing the works to friends or scattering them around the workplace. At one time he owned a fishing fleet and ensured that each of the fifteen boats was equipped with its own work of art. He bought and sold without expecting to keep the works forever, allowing old favorites to be replaced by new enthusiasms. Cummings expected that everyone would share his passion for art: as well as giving away works of art as presents, he displayed parts of his collection in the offices of his companies for the enjoyment of the staff.
Philanthropy.
Starting in the 1950s Cummings became a major donor to hospitals, universities, arts organizations, and Jewish causes. His endowment created the Nathan Cummings Arts Center at Stanford University and the Joanne and Nathan Cummings Art Center at Connecticut College in New London. (Joanne Toor Cummings was the second wife of Cummings; she died in 1995.) He made major contributions to the National Gallery of Art in Washington DC, to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, and to the Art Institute of Chicago. In 1949 he established the Nathan Cummings Foundation, which received most of his estate (then estimated at $200 million) upon his death. The foundation funds initiatives to build a socially and economically just society.

</doc>
<doc id="9626489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626489" title="Quality Schools International">
Quality Schools International

Quality Schools International is a group of non-profit international schools offering education in the English language, in a number of countries in Europe, Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and the Americas. The first school was founded in 1971. The organization's world headquarters office is located in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Individual schools.
As of 2013, QSI operates 37 schools in 27 countries. 

</doc>
<doc id="9626492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626492" title="Court of Quebec">
Court of Quebec

The Court of Quebec is the Provincial Court of the Canadian province of Quebec.
The Court is divided into the following areas; The Civil Division, The Criminal and Penal Division, and The Youth Division. The Chief Judge of the Court of Quebec is Élizabeth Corte.

</doc>
<doc id="9626507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626507" title="Mikhail Biarnadski">
Mikhail Biarnadski

Mikhail Biarnadski (born 10 January 1977) is a boxer from Belarus.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was stopped in the second round of the Featherweight (57 kg) division by Romania's Viorel Simion. His olympic results were:
Biarnadski won a bronze medal in the same division six months earlier, at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="9626527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626527" title="Next of Kin">
Next of Kin

Next of kin is a person's closest living blood relative or relatives.
Next of Kin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9626532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626532" title="Domenico Valentino">
Domenico Valentino

Domenico Valentino (born 17 May 1984 in Marcianise) is a boxer from Italy.
The hard punching Valentino won a bronze medal at lightweight at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was stopped in the quarterfinals of the Lightweight (60 kg) division by Kazakhstan's eventual bronze medalist Serik Yeleuov.
At the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships he once more won bronze.
At the Euro 2006 he lost early to Olexandr Klyuchko 18:30.
At the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships he at last made it to the finals beating North Korean Kim Song-Guk but lost to Frankie Gavin.
At the Olympics he beat Tahar Tamsamani but lost to Cuban favorite Yordenis Ugás 2:10.
At the 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships he used the absence of Gavin (had turned pro) and Ugas (went up in weight) and home advantage to win his first major title.
Valentino has signed up for the new AIBA professional league, called AIBA Pro Boxing (APB), which will launch in autumn 2013.
Amateur results.
2004 Athens Olympic Games
2007 AIBA World Amateur championships
2009 AIBA World Amateur championships

</doc>
<doc id="9626536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626536" title="Siponto">
Siponto

Siponto () was an ancient port town of Apulia in southern Italy. The town was abandoned after earthquakes in the 13th century; today the area is administered as a "frazione" of the "comune" of Manfredonia, in the province of Foggia. Siponto is located around 3 km south of Manfredonia.
History.
According to legend, Sipontum was founded by Diomedes, product of the union of the Homeric hero of the same name with the daughter of the king of the Dauni. Siponto was probably founded by the Dauni. 
Sipontum was a flourishing Greek colony; having fallen into the hands of the Samnites, it was retaken about 335 B. C. by King Alexander of Epirus, uncle of Alexander the Great. In 189 B. C. it became a Roman colony, and in A. D. 663 it was taken and destroyed by the Slavs.
In the ninth century, Sipontum was for a time in the power of the Saracens; ln 1042 the Normans made it the seat of one of their twelve counties. The latter won a decisive victory there over the Byzantine general Argyrus in 1052.
According to legend, the Gospel was preached at Sipontum by Saint Peter and by Saint Mark; more trust, however, may be placed in the tradition of the martyrdom of the priest Saint Justin and his companions under Gallienus and Maximian about 255. The first bishop whose date may be fixed, was Felix, who was at Rome in 465. In the time of Bishop Lawrence, during the reign of Pope Gelasius I (492-496), there took place on Monte Gargano the apparition of Saint Michael, in memory of which the famous Monastery of the Archangel was founded.*Citation Needed*
About 688 Pope Vitalian was obliged to entrust to the bishops of Benevento the pastoral care of Sipontum, which was almost abandoned, but the see was re-established in 1034, and under Bishop Saint Gerard (1066) it became an archdiocese. The ancient cathedral remained still at Sipontum, but, with the building of Manfredonia by King Manfred of Sicily, who decided to rebuild Siponto in a new location, the archiepiscopal see was transferred to the latter city.
Michael of Zahumlje on 10 July 926 sacked Siponto, which was a Byzantine town in Apulia. It remains unknown did he done this by Tomislav's supreme command as suggested by some historians. Apparently, Tomislav sent the Croatian navy under the Michael's leadership to drive the Saracens from that part of southern Italy and free the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9626537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626537" title="Jens-Carl Kristensen">
Jens-Carl Kristensen

Jens-Carl Kristensen, alternatively spelled Jens-Carl Christensen (born 2 March 1933), is a Danish former football (soccer) player, who played for Akademisk Boldklub in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1954 Danish football championship, and played one game for the Denmark national football team. He moved abroad to play professionally for La Chaux-de-Fonds in France.

</doc>
<doc id="9626554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626554" title="Munkbroleden">
Munkbroleden

Munkbroleden (Swedish: "Monk's Bridge Route") is a busy street passing along the western waterfront of Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching north from Slussen to Riddarhustorget, Munkbroleden passes by three squares - Kornhamnstorg, Mälartorget, and Munkbron - while several streets and alleys from within the narrow conglomeration of the old town connects to it - Triewaldsgränd, Funckens Gränd, Lejonstedts Gränd, Tyska Brinken, Kåkbrinken, and Stora Gråmunkegränd.
History.
The name 'Munkbroleden' was officially given the traffic route as a temporary solution to the increasing traffic loads was completed in 1930, a solution named "Slingerbultsleden" ("Dodge Route") by its users, and substituted by the more permanent solution Centralbron in the late 1950s (See Centralbron for further details). The first element of the name, "Munkbro-", refers to the Greyfriars abbey once found on the islet Riddarholmen and the bridge passing over to the latter. Notwithstanding the motorway's official name, Stockholmers often refers to it simply as "Munkbron", a name officially given to the square Munkbron, while historically referring to the western quay of the old town.
Near the centre of the traffic route, where today is the metro station, was until 1899 a large building. It was constructed in 1782 for the Stenborg Theatre, also known as the "Munkbroteatern" which was active until 1799 on the address. The building was demolished in 1899 to make room to a meat market ("Köttorget").

</doc>
<doc id="9626555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626555" title="Rolandas Jasevičius">
Rolandas Jasevičius

Rolandas Jasevicius (born 31 July 1982) is a male boxer from Lithuania.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was stopped in the first round of the welterweight (69 kg) division by Turkmenistan's Aliasker Bashirov.
Jasevicius won a bronze medal in the same division six months earlier, at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="9626563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626563" title="3rd Motor Rifle Division">
3rd Motor Rifle Division

The Soviet Army's 3rd Rifle Division was an infantry division active from 1921 to 1946 and from 1955 to 1956. It was formed 5 June 1921 in the Ukraine Military District. It appears that Order No. № 724/284 created the division from the 3rd and 46th Separate Rifle Brigades. At the beginning of World War II it located in Blagoveshchensk and was not redeployed to fight the Germans. At the very end of World War II it was involved in the Sungari Army Group Operation with 2nd Red Banner Army. It forced the Amur and Ussuri rivers, and captured several cities in China from the Japanese Kwantung Army. Immediate post war the Division was in 1st Red Banner Army, Transbaikal-Amur VO, 136th Rifle Corps, alongside 12 RD, 396 RD and 101st Fortified Region/MGAD. It was disbanded between 20.6.46 and 30.8.46. The Division's full name just before being disbanded was "3rd Rifle Red Banner Division of the Presidium of the Supreme Council of the Crimean ASSR."
Crofoot, "Armies of the Bear", states that 3 MRD was reformed 1955 in the Moscow Military District from 413 RD, taking its honours - 'Brest' and awards from 413 RD. 'However like all the divisions formed in 1955 it didn't last and was disbanded in 1956.'
3rd MRD reformed as 3rd 'Vislenskaya Red Banner Order of Suvorov i Kutuzova' Motor Rifle Division
by amalgamation of 31st and 47th Tank Divisions at Novyy in the Moscow Military District
on 1 July 1997 gaining the honours of the 31st Tank Division. The Division was in 2004 under the command of General Major Aleksandr Konnov. Elements of the division, notably the two motor rifle regiments, participated in the First Chechen War and Second Chechen War.
Warfare.ru notes that 3 MRD was unit number 54046, and had constant readiness status. In 2000 the division had 10850 personnel, 244 T-80 tanks, 361 BMP/BTR, 36 2S19 Msta-S, 96 2s3 Akatsia, and 16 Grad multiple rocket launchers. It consisted of the 100th and 237th Tank Regiments, and the 245th and 752nd Motor Rifle Regiments, as well as the 99th Self-Propelled Artillery Regiment.
In March 2009 the division was disbanded and reorganised as the 6th Separate Tank Brigade and the 9th Separate Motor Rifle Brigade.
The post-Soviet 3rd MRD should not to be confused with 3rd Guards Motor Rifle Division, active during the Cold War.

</doc>
<doc id="9626565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626565" title="Youth of the Orthodox Rally">
Youth of the Orthodox Rally

The Youth of the Orthodox Rally ( "Neolaía Orthodoxou Synagermoú" NE.O.S.) is the youth branch of the Greek political party Popular Orthodox Rally.

</doc>
<doc id="9626582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626582" title="Jaroslavas Jakšto">
Jaroslavas Jakšto

Jaroslavas Jakšto (born 7 August 1980) is a male amateur boxer from Lithuania best known for winning super heavyweight bronze at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia. He was a 2004 Olympian and has qualified for the Olympics 2008.
Career.
Jakšto won a bronze medal in the same division at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.
He also participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. He beat there Victor Bisbal 27-16 but was defeated in the second round of the Super heavyweight (+91 kg) division by Egypt's eventual runner-up Mohamed Aly.
He won the Chemiepokal Cup in Germany 2005 by beating Michel López Núñez 17:12 and the Military world championships in 2006.
At the World Championships 2007 he lost to Vyacheslav Glazkov inside the distance.
At the first Olympic qualifier he lost to Kubrat Pulev, at the second qualifier he beat Robert Helenius and Yousef Abdelghani to qualify.
In Beijing he lost to David Price when he had to quit with a leg injury after the first round, he was trailing 1:3.

</doc>
<doc id="9626592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626592" title="Sergey Rozhnov">
Sergey Rozhnov

Sergey Rozhnov (; born 19 September 1982 in Moscow, Russia) is a boxer from Bulgaria. He is of Russian origin.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There he was stopped in the first round of the Super heavyweight (+91 kg) division by Russia's eventual winner Alexander Povetkin.
Rozhnov won a bronze medal in the same division six months earlier, at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="9626597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626597" title="China Tibet Mountaineering Association">
China Tibet Mountaineering Association

The China Tibet Mountaineering Association (also known as China Tibet Mountaineering Team) is the only authorized issuing authority of Everest summiteers on the northern Tibetan side of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="9626608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626608" title="Victor Bisbal">
Victor Bisbal

Victor José Bisbal Melero (born 2 July 1980 in Ponce, Puerto Rico is a heavyweight boxer from Puerto Rico, best known for winning a gold medal at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games in the heavyweight division, and for winning a bronze medal at the 2003 Pan American Games. He also participated at the 2004 Olympic Games in the super-heavyweight class.
His Life.
Victor Bisbal began in the sport at the age of 15 years. Before beginning boxing, he competed in hurling and discus, winning four LAI championship rings in University competition and holding many Puerto Rican distance records. He graduated in 2005 with a bachelor degree in Physical Education from Turabo University in Puerto Rico. Victor got married on March 13, 2010 to Mariler Mejias, a volleyball player. Victor has three siblings, brothers Ricardo and Gerardo and sister Mayela. His brotherGerardo Bisbal is also a boxer and National Champ of Puerto Rico, bronze medallist in 2002 in 81 kg, 2006 in +91 kg and 2010 gold medallist Central American and Caribbean Games, having participated in 2003 in 91 kg and 2007 in +91 kg Pan American Games.
Amateur achievements.
Record 60–11 Puerto Rican National Champ 1999–2004
Bisbal began boxing as an amateur at 18 years old; he had victories against Jason Estrada (USA) (2 times), David Cadieux (CAN) (2 times), Davin King (USA) (1-1), George Garcia (USA,MEX)(1-1)
He was defeated by Manuel Azar (ARG)(once), Pedro Carrion and Michel López Núñez (CUB)(once), Davin King, George Garcia and Calvin Brock (USA)(once), Andrey Derevtsov (RUS)(once), Bermane Stiverne (CAN), Sebastian Koeber (GER), Jaroslav Jakstov (LIT)(once)
He participated in 1999 Pan American Games Qualification Tournament for Central American - Salinas, Puerto Rico. These were his first amateur fights. Results were:
won against Benjamin Garcia (MEX) 11:10 quarterfinal
won against Leon Palmer (JAM) RSC 3 semifinal
won against Juan Romans (COS) 9:6 final
Participated in 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada with only 7 fights, results were: +91 kg
lost against Manuel Azar (ARG) 14:7 quarterfinal
Participated in 2000 Boxing Olympic Qualifications, results were:
lost against Calvin Brock (USA) RSCH 3
Participated in 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games, Cartagena, Colombia results were: 91 kg won gold medal
won against Cesar Uribe (MEX) KO 1, bodyshot, quarter final
won against Elibert Cova (VEN) walkover, semifinal
won against Kertson Manswell (TRI) RSCO 4, final
Participated 2002 World cup, Azerbaijan results were: +91 kg Participated with Mexican team because Puerto Rico did not participate.
Mexico vs Korea
won against Mouzafar Saipov (KOR) walkover
Mexico vs Russia
Lost against Andrey Derevtsov (RUS) 21:19
After this fight the spectators booed the decision.
Professional career.
Bisbal signed with Top Rank for his professional debut in the year 2005, but after a defeat he continued his career without a promoter. He continued fighting and his manager was Evangelista Cotto, Bisbal posting a record of 13-1 11 knockouts. In 2009, a year since his fight number 15, Victor Bisbal began with a new manager Orlando Piñeiro, who also manages Juan Manuel Lopez, hoping that his career will reach many championship titles. Victor and Juan Manuel are very good friends, Victor can always be seen in the ring before and after Juan Manuel's importants fights.

</doc>
<doc id="9626630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626630" title="Zaim">
Zaim

Zaim may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9626649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626649" title="Henning Jensen (disambiguation)">
Henning Jensen (disambiguation)

Henning Jensen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9626672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626672" title="Herod Philip">
Herod Philip

Herod Philip is used by some modern writers to refer to two sons of Herod the Great, but it is not a name that contemporaries would have recognized.

</doc>
<doc id="9626677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626677" title="Bato-Munko Vankeev">
Bato-Munko Vankeev

Bato-Munko Vankeev (; born 7 February 1977 in Aginsky District, Buryat ASSR) is a boxer from Belarus.
Vankeev qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics by ending up in first place at the 2nd AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Warsaw, Poland. At the 2004 Summer Olympics he was stopped in the first round of the Flyweight (51 kg) division by Juan Carlos Payano of the Dominican Republic.
At the world 2005 he edged out Enkhbatyn Badar-Uugan 29:27 in round 1 then lost to Tadjik Anvar Yunusov. 
Two years later, Vankeev won a bronze medal in the same division at the 2006 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Plovdiv.

</doc>
<doc id="9626685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626685" title="Charles S. Randall">
Charles S. Randall

Charles Sturtevant Randall was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts.
Born in New Bedford, Massachusetts on February 20, 1824; died in New Bedford, Massachusetts, August 17, 1904. Randall is interred in the Rural Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9626709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626709" title="HAS-V">
HAS-V

HAS-V is a cryptographic hash function with a variable output length. HAS-V is a hash function based on a block cipher. The hash function can produce hash values with lengths from 16 to 40 bytes.
Specifications.
Digest Size: 128-320 bits
Max message length: <264 bits
Compression Function: 1024-bit message block, 320-bit chaining variable
The hash function was developed by Nan Kyoung Park, Joon Ho Hwang and Pil Joong Lee, and was released in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9626714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626714" title="Healthy Americans Act">
Healthy Americans Act

The Healthy Americans Act (HAA), also known as the Wyden-Bennett Act, is a Senate bill that had proposed to improve health care in the United States, with changes that included the establishment of universal health care. It would transition away from employer-provided health insurance, to employer-subsidized insurance, having instead individuals choose their health care plan from state-approved private insurers. It sought to make the cost of health insurance more transparent to consumers, with the expectation being that this would increase market pressures to drive health insurance costs down. The proposal created a system that would be paid for by both public and private contributions. It would establish Healthy Americans Private Insurance Plans (HAPIs) and require those who do not already have health insurance coverage, and who do not oppose health insurance on religious grounds, to enroll themselves and their children in a HAPI. According to its sponsors, it would guarantee universal, affordable, comprehensive, portable, high-quality, private health coverage that is as good or better than Members of Congress have today; A 2008 preliminary analysis by the Congressional Budget Office concluded it would be "essentially" self-financing in the first year that it was fully implemented.
Specific provisions include:
Making employer-provided insurance portable by converting the current tax exclusion for health benefits into a tax deduction for individuals; for example, the deduction that a typical family of four would receive would be $19,000 nearly 50% more than the $13,000 they spent on health care;
The establishment or identification of a "State Health Help Agency" in each U.S. state government which would administer the HAPI plans in each state, help its citizens evaluate the options available, oversee enrollment, and help with the transition from Medicaid and CHIP, among other responsibilities;
The Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and State Children's Health Insurance Program would be replaced;
Medicaid participants are transitioned out of that program (the bill's co-sponsor, Senator Ron Wyden (D-Oregon), calls Medicaid a "caste system...that is unfair" to the poor and to taxpayers).
It was introduced in January 2007 () and re-introduced in February 2009 (), each time with over a dozen co-sponsors from both major parties.
Senators Ron Wyden (D-Oregon) and Robert F. Bennett (R-Utah), the bill's two sponsors, asked the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) to provide a preliminary analysis of a version of the Healthy Americans Act. In a letter dated May 1, 2008, CBO and JCT provided a preliminary conclusion that the proposal would be "roughly budget-neutral in 2014." The letter cautioned, however, that this did not constitute a formal estimate.
Elements of the bill.
According to a preliminary analysis by the Congressional Budget Office in May 2008, the bill includes the following elements:
CBO analysis of the bill.
Although the U.S. Congressional Budget Office did a preliminary analysis published in May 2008 that included the following:
Wyden argued that "The Healthy Americans Act would guarantee every American universal, affordable, comprehensive, portable, high-quality, private health coverage that is as good or better than Members of Congress have today. The Act includes tough cost containment measures — and would save Americans $1.45 trillion over the next decade."
Sections of the bill.
The 2009 bill includes the following sections:
Comparison with Obama's proposals.
Barack Obama campaigned in favor of universal health coverage as early as January 2007. A year later, Obama was differentiating his health care proposal from that of his main rival, Hillary Clinton, by saying "he and Clinton have a philosophical disagreement over her proposal to require Americans to purchase health insurance or face a penalty from the government." By July 2008, Obama was saying he would "lower the country's health care costs enough to "bring down premiums by $2,500 for the typical family" based on investments in electronic medical records, a reduction in administrative costs, and an improvement in prevention programs and management of chronic diseases.
After Obama became president-elect, Wyden and Bennett and the bill's cosponsors wrote a letter to him on November 20, 2008, recommending seven goals for health care reform legislation, goals reflected in HAA:
Wyden characterized HAA as "harness the Democratic desire to get everyone covered to the Republican interest in markets and consumer choice" and one that had a reasonable chance of getting 70 votes in the U.S. Senate.
Employer-based system.
In a July 1, 2009 interview, Obama said he agreed "with '90 percent' of Wyden's thinking" but called HAA "radical"; according to "The Oregonian":
In the July 27, 2009 issue of "Newsweek", Jacob Weisberg lamented that HAA is "going nowhere" and commented on the existing employer-based health care system:
Senate committee alternatives.
In November 2008, "The Hill" pointed out that the Act, despite its two-year head start and its cosponsors from both parties, was in competition with the (then-)undrafted proposals in the works from Senator Max Baucus (D-Montana), chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, and Ted Kennedy (D-Massachusetts), chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
In June 2009, just after the CBO announced that the then-current draft of the bill from Baucus' Finance Committee would increase the federal budget deficit by $1.6 trillion during its first decade and would leave millions of people uninsured, the "Wall Street Journal" characterized the "less-radical" HAA as "Wyden's Third Way" and pointed out some key differences between the majority's proposal and HAA:
David Brooks of "The New York Times" provided evidence of the political impediments to HAA, citing an incident witnessed during a May 12, 2009 hearing during which the Senate Finance Committee heard from a "vast majority" of over a dozen experts from the right and the left who "agreed that ending the tax exemption on employer-provided health benefits should be part of a reform package"; according to Brooks, Wyden pointed out to those in attendance that HAA repeals the exemption and provides universal coverage", a comment provoking what Brooks characterized as an "exasperated" look that made it clear that the idea wasn't going to part of his committees legislative drafts. Brooks pointed out that "senators don’t run things[, c]hairmen and their staffs run things"; he acknowledged there are "brewing efforts to incorporate a few Wyden-Bennett ideas" but pointed out the "stiff resistance to the aspects that fundamentally change incentives", resistance originating in "committee staffs don’t like the approach because it’s not what they’ve been thinking about."
Debate about the bill.
According to an analysis published by FactCheck in May 2009, radio advertisements run by the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, the United Food and Commercial Workers, and the National Education Association told only "half the story". The ads correctly noted that HAA would tax health benefits, but they did not point out that HAA also requires employers to give as wages the money they were spending on their employee's health care. The tax owed on that increase in wages is accompanied by a new tax deduction for everyone earning less than $125,000 a year ($250,000 for couples). The new deduction starts at $6,025 per individual, and decreases in stages until the $125,000/$250,000 income caps are met. FactCheck cites a Lewin Group analysis that said "all families that are currently insured (the target of the labor ad) and have income of less than $150,000 a year would see net savings under Wyden’s plan."
Sponsors and co-sponsors.
The following table lists the sponsors and co-sponsors of the legislation and notes whether they are members of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee, the committee to which the bill was referred.
According to Ezra Klein of "The Washington Post", the list of HAA Republican supporters is deceptive: "The plan has a lot more fake support than it has real support. If every Republican who has co-sponsored would commit to voting for it, the plan might pass. But they haven't." Nevertheless, numerous Senate Republicans reiterated their support for Wyden-Bennett in a 2009 op-ed.

</doc>
<doc id="9626715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626715" title="Yuliyan Strogov">
Yuliyan Strogov

Yuliyan Mikhaylov Strogov (; born April 28, 1972 in Dobrich) is a boxer from Bulgaria.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics he was stopped in the second round of the Men's Flyweight (51 kg) division by eventual bronze medalist Timothy Austin of the USA.
At the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Men's Flyweight division, he was stopped in the first round by Ireland's Damaen Kelly. Strogov had won a silver medal in the same division earlier the same year, at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle.

</doc>
<doc id="9626719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626719" title="Canadian Newsmaker of the Year (Time)">
Canadian Newsmaker of the Year (Time)

The Canadian Newsmaker of the Year is a designation awarded by the Canadian edition of "Time" magazine. It comes with a written piece reflecting the magazine's staff's opinion on which Canadian or Canadians have had the most impact on the news, either positively or negatively. The honour has also been known by the title Canada's Newsmaker, or by titles such as "Headliners" and simply "Newsmakers" which were shared with non-Canadians. However, the exact phrase "Canadian Newsmaker of the Year" has been used by "Time". This selection is not to be confused with the Canadian Press' separate selection of a Canadian Newsmaker of the Year, or with "Time"'s overall Person of the Year.
"Time"'s practice of selecting a Canadian Newsmaker of the Year began in 1995. Columnist Robert Fulford has speculated that the point was to try "gesturing politely to Canadian readers". In early years, the selection received a short article within a list of other international newsmakers. Thus, the 1995 newsmaker was found under the title "Headliners: Canada" and in subsequent years phrases like "Others Who Shaped 1997", "Others Who Shaped 1999", and "Newsmakers 2000" were used. Since 2001 the selection has been accompanied by a fuller article, and interviews with the subjects have also appeared (for example, in 2001 and 2002, but not 2003). Still, the press has noted that even with the Canadian edition of "Time", it is the Person of the Year rather than the Canadian Newsmaker who is pictured on the cover of the issue. The selections have been at the centre of other cases of external media attention and debate. For example, the "Montreal Gazette" said of the project in general that it was initially "dull" in favouring seemingly conventional men, but that 2003 provided a refreshing selection of two homosexual men and commentary on liberalism in Canada. The "Gazette" took this as recognition from a US magazine that Canadians are distinct from Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="9626724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626724" title="List of U.S. Città di Palermo managers">
List of U.S. Città di Palermo managers

U.S. Città di Palermo have had many managers and trainers in its whole history.
Here is a chronological list of them from 1930 onwards:

</doc>
<doc id="9626727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626727" title="Joseph Pitty Couthouy">
Joseph Pitty Couthouy

Joseph Pitty Couthouy (6 January 1808 – 4 April 1864) was an American naval officer, conchologist, and invertebrate palaeontologist. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, he entered the Boston Latin School in 1820. He married Mary Greenwood Wild on 9 March 1832.
Couthouy applied to President Andrew Jackson for a position on the Scientific Corps of the U.S. Navy's Exploring Expedition of 1838. President Jackson said that all positions were filled, to which Couthouy replied "Well General, I'll be hanged if I don't go, if I have to go before the mast!" The President replied "Go back to Boston and I will see if anything can be done for you." 
A few days later his commission was received. He sailed with the expedition on 18 August 1838, but was returned home from Honolulu in November 1840 by Lt. Charles Wilkes for "disobedience of orders." Although he meticulously labeled all of his specimens from the expedition, Dall recounts how "The authorities in Washington had appointed a reverened gentleman who knew nothing of science, with a fat salary, to unpack and take care of the specimens sent home by the expedition." This gentleman then separated the specimens from the tags thus rendering many of them useless. Couthouy returned to Washington and tried to work up what he could of the collection and was then informed, "to crown all of his misfortunes", that his pay was to be reduced by forty-four percent. He then returned to his profession as a master in the merchant marine, visiting South America and the Pacific. In 1854, he took command of an expedition to the Bay of Cumaná, where he spent three unsuccessful years in search of the wreck of a Spanish treasure ship, the "San Pedro", lost there in the early part of the century. A good linguist, he spoke fluent Spanish, French, Italian, and Portuguese, and had mastered several dialects used in the Pacific Islands. 
In the American Civil War, Couthouy was ordered to command the on 31 December 1862, which was wrecked, and Couthouy made prisoner. He later commanded the and finally the , during the Red River Campaign. On 3 April 1864, while off Grand Ecore, Louisiana, he was shot during an ambush and died the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="9626728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626728" title="Søren Andersen (footballer born 1937)">
Søren Andersen (footballer born 1937)

Søren Andersen (16 July 1937 – 16 July 1960) was a Danish amateur association football player in the striker position, who played for BK Frem in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1957 Danish football championship, and played four games and scored two goals for the Denmark national under-21 football team.
Andersen was one of eight players killed in an air crash near Copenhagen travelling to a trial match before the 1960 Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9626733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626733" title="Radoslav Suslekov">
Radoslav Suslekov

Radoslav Suslekov (, born 13 July 1974) is a boxer from Bulgaria.
He was born in Burgas. At the 1996 Summer Olympics he was stopped in the first round of the Light welterweight (63.5 kg) division by Iran's Babak Moghimi. Suslekov had won bronze medals in the same division earlier, at the 1995 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9626736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626736" title="Kenneth Luke">
Kenneth Luke

Sir Kenneth Luke (11 November 1896 - 13 June 1971) was a self-made millionaire manufacturer and a leading Australian rules football administrator in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was president of the VFL between 1956 and 1971 and president of the Carlton Football Club from 1938 to 1955.
Luke was a member of the Carlton Football Club committee from 1935 to 1937 and Carlton President from 1938 to 1955. He also served as VFL Vice-President 1946 to 1955 and VFL President 1956 to 1971. Along with Eric McCutchan he played a major role in the purchase of land for Waverley Park in 1962 and the development of the stadium, and its main grandstand was named in his honour.
Sir Kenneth was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9626757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626757" title="Nurhan Süleymanoğlu">
Nurhan Süleymanoğlu

Nurhan Süleymanoğlu (born February 28, 1971) is a boxer from Kazakhstan who represented Turkey.
Participating at the 1996 Summer Olympics, he was stopped in the second round of the light welterweight (63,5 kg) division by Cuba's Héctor Vinent.
Süleymanoğlu had won silver medals in the same division earlier, at the 1995 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships. He won the gold medal at the 1993 European Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics he was stopped in the second round by Belarus' Sergey Bykovsky.

</doc>
<doc id="9626764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626764" title="Robert T. Davis">
Robert T. Davis

Robert Thompson Davis was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts. He served as Mayor of Fall River, Massachusetts from 1873 to 1874.
Born in County Down, Ireland on August 28, 1823; died in Fall River, October 29, 1906. Davis is interred in the Oak Grove Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9626765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626765" title="Norfolk Air">
Norfolk Air

Norfolk Air was an airline based on Norfolk Island, it was operating department of the Administration of Norfolk Island, flights were operated by Our Airline (formerly Air Nauru) and operating under an Australia Airline Operators Certificate. It provided return services between Norfolk Island, Sydney and Brisbane, Newcastle and Melbourne. Although the flights were regulated as domestic flights, Norfolk Air's flights from the Australian mainland operated from the International Terminal at each airport and Australian citizens had to carry a document of identity or passport in order to pass through Customs and Immigration checks and board the aircraft, as Norfolk Island is an External Territory of Australia and outside of the Australian migration zone.
History.
The airline began operations on May 2006, initially operating services to the island from Brisbane and Sydney, but subsequently introduced flights on a weekly basis from Newcastle in May 2007 and from Melbourne in November 2007. All services were initially operated by Ozjet Airlines until May 2009 when Our Airline commenced flying on Norfolk Air's behalf using its B737-300 aircraft, one of which is specially painted in Norfolk Air's own distinctive livery. Our Airline provides the technical crew for the operations, whilst Norfolk Air provides the cabin crew in its own right, with all cabin crew being resident on Norfolk Island and serving as ambassadors for the island's tourism, the main economic driver for Norfolk Island's small community of approximately 2,000 residents.
On Wednesday 29 April 2009, Jeff Murdoch, CEO of Norfolk Air announced that Our Airline would be taking over all services from Ozjet. This follows the Chairman of Ozjet Airlines decision to terminate charter services with immediate effect. Our Airline was already in preparations to take over the charter in mid May, and was in place to take up the scheduled flights.
The current CEO is Jeff Murdoch who replaced Ewan Wilson in June 2008.
On 24 December 2011 the Norfolk Island Government decided to withdraw from the airline business. The final flight was Flight 334 between Newcastle, Brisbane and Norfolk Island on the 26 February 2012. Air New Zealand took over services between mainland of Australia and Norfolk Island flying from Sydney and Brisbane using their Airbus A320 aircraft from 6 March 2012.
Destinations.
Norfolk Air operated from its base at Norfolk Island Airport to Brisbane, Melbourne, Newcastle and Sydney.
Fleet.
As of May 2009, the Norfolk Air fleet included:
References.
Added destinations
Norfolk Air withdrawal.

</doc>
<doc id="9626778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626778" title="New South Wales HSC English">
New South Wales HSC English

English is the only compulsory subject for the award of the Higher School Certificate at the end of secondary schooling in New South Wales, Australia. Marks gained in at least two units of English must also be included in the calculation of the Australian Tertiary Admission Rank used to determine entry to university. Students must study one of the following courses:
Optional courses include:
The "Area of Study" is common between English (Advanced) and English (Standard). The current theme of "belonging" is studied through a selection of prescribed texts provided by the NSW Board of Studies, and other related materials chosen by the student.
Examinations.
English Paper 1 is a two-hour examination (plus 10 minutes reading time) usually conducted on the second day of the HSC exams. The paper is common to both English (Standard) and English (Advanced) students and is thus the most widely sat HSC exam. English Paper 1 tests the "Area of Study" - Belonging through three questions:
English Paper 2 is a two-hour examination (plus 5 minutes reading time) usually conducted on the third day of the HSC exams. The paper is different between English (Standard) and English (Advanced). The response form of these questions may be specified or liberal but is normally in essay form, although other forms may occasionally be appropriate. English Paper 2 tests the English Modules through three questions:
English Extension 1 has a two-hour examination (plus 5 minutes reading time). Students answer two questions relating to the module or elective they have studied, each marked out of 25 and allocated approximately one hour of writing.
English Extension 2 has no examination but students submit a Major Work at the end of the course.
English Extension 1.
The English Extension 1 course is for candidates that wish to undergo further study of English in their Higher School Certificate. The English (Advanced) course and Preliminary English Extension course are a prerequisite.
There are three modules in the English Extension 1 course, each with separate electives. Candidates study one elective, choosing three prescribed texts to study.
English Extension 2.
The English Extension 2 course is for candidates that wish to undergo further study of English in their Higher School Certificate. Both the English (Advanced) and English Extension 1 courses are a prerequisite.
Students submit a Major Work that may either be under the print medium (short story/ies, poems, critical response, scripts - radio, television, film and drama), the sound medium (speeches, radio drama, performance poetry), or the visual medium (video, multimedia). Candidates write a 1500-word Reflection Statement to accompany their Major Work.
The Major Work is marked internally as a process and draft, and externally as a product.
References.
HSC English syllabus (contains English Standard, Advanced, Extension 1, Extension 2, English as a Second Language and English Fundamentals course outlines)

</doc>
<doc id="9626790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626790" title="Roland Gwynne">
Roland Gwynne

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Roland Vaughan Gwynne, DSO, DL, JP (16 May 188215 November 1971) was Mayor of Eastbourne, Sussex, from 1928 to 1931. He was also a patient and close friend of the suspected serial killer Dr John Bodkin Adams.
Childhood.
Gwynne's father made a fortune in the nineteenth century from an engineering business, Gwynnes Limited, and bought estates in Sussex with the proceeds. Gwynne's mother, May, was 41 when he was born. He was the last of nine children (though two had died). Until the age of 13, he was dressed by his mother as a girl in frocks, with bows, necklaces and long ringlets. He was educated privately before being sent to Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
The renowned harpsichordist Violet Gordon-Woodhouse was one of his sisters. One brother, Rupert, was Member of Parliament for Eastbourne from 1910 until his death in 1924; his daughter was the celebrated cookery writer Elizabeth David.
Career.
After university he served in the honorary post of Judge's Marshal. On 2 April 1904 he was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Sussex Yeomanry and made Lieutenant on 1 April 1908. In 1904 Gwynne aided Viscount Turnour in his maiden election campaign in the constituency of Horsham, which Turnour then held for the next 47 years. In 1910 Gwynne was called to the Bar at the Inner Temple, where he practised in the Probate and Divorce Division.
The First World War broke out when Gwynne was 32. He was sent a white feather, a symbol of cowardice, by a "friend of the family" and in September 1916 he volunteered for active service and won the Distinguished Service Order in Flanders in 1917 while attached to the Queen's Royal Regiment, much to the surprise of his family. He was wounded twice, leaving him with a permanent limp.
On 8 April 1921 he was made a Deputy Lieutenant of Sussex. In 1922 his mother died, leaving most of her money to Gwynne due to a family disagreement. That same year, Gwynne put his name forward as a Conservative candidate for Lewes, East Sussex, but withdrew it when his brother Neville hinted to the selection committee that Gwynne was a homosexual (around this time MP Noel Pemberton Billing was leading a witch hunt against homosexuals). John Bodkin Adams arrived in Eastbourne that same year.
Rupert died in 1924, just after being re-elected to Parliament. Gwynne inherited his estate but settled for local politics, being High Sheriff of Sussex in 1926/27 and then becoming Mayor of Eastbourne in 1928. While he was mayor, in 1929 the town bought of land surrounding Beachy Head, to save it from development, costing the town around £100,000.
His term as Mayor ended in 1931 and on 9 November that year he was made the 8th ever Honorary Freeman of Eastbourne for his services to the borough. He stayed in local politics, being Chairman of East Sussex County Council from 1937 to 1940.
He constantly had financial problems, caused on the one hand by his extravagant lifestyle (he was famous for the wild parties he held at Folkington Manor, attended by, among others, Freeman Freeman-Thomas, Viceroy of India and Rudyard Kipling) and on the other, by his sexuality, which made him a prime target for blackmail. Indeed, his butler Wilde was known by those close to him to be one such person extorting money from him. After Gwynne's death, love letters from various local jockeys were found among his papers.
During the Second World War he took to drink.
In 1947, burdened with debt, he was forced to rent out Folkington and move into the smaller Wootton Manor.
John Bodkin Adams.
Gwynne never married but he developed a close friendship with John Bodkin Adams, an Eastbourne general practitioner and suspected serial killer, with whom he went on frequent shooting holidays to Scotland and Ireland. He would visit Adams every morning at 9 a.m.
During the police investigation into Adams, a note written by a journalist was uncovered linking Adams sexually to a member of the local police and a local magistrate. The police officer is strongly suspected to have been the Deputy Chief Constable of Eastbourne, Alexander Seekings, and the magistrate to have been Gwynne. Despite the illegality of homosexual sex in 1956/57, the matter was not investigated further by police.
In 1956, Adams was arrested on suspicion of murdering two of his patients. Gwynne was Chairman of the Magistrates in Lewes, East Sussex, and had to step down from the committal hearing owing to a conflict of interest.
During the proceedings though, Gwynne was seen dining with Lord Chief Justice Rayner Goddard and former Attorney General Hartley Shawcross at a hotel in Lewes. Goddard had by then already appointed the judge for Adams' case, Patrick Devlin.
After their meeting at the hotel Gwynne crashed his car while driving home. No evidence was adduced he had been drinking. The meal was seen by one of the investigating officers from Scotland Yard, Charles Hewett as further indication that the Adams' trial was the subject of concerted judicial and political interference.
During the actual trial, while the jury was out discussing the verdict on Adams' first charge of murder, Goddard phoned Devlin to urge him in the case of Adams being found not guilty, to grant Adams bail before he was tried on a second count of murder. Devlin was surprised since a person accused of murder had never been given bail before in British legal history. 
A month after the trial on 10 May 1957, Goddard heard a contempt of court case against magazine "Newsweek" and the shop chain W. H. Smith, which on 1 April during Adams' trial had respectively published and distributed an issue of the magazine containing two paragraphs of material "highly prejudicial to the accused", saying that Adams' victim count could be "as high as 400". Each company was fined £50.
On 12 February 1957, just before Adams' trial began, Gwynne was knighted. Adams was sensationally acquitted of one murder charge and another was withdrawn controversially by the Attorney General.
Gwynne cooled his relationship with Adams and even admitted to police when interviewed in connection with the investigation into Adams, that he had given instructions to be buried in a lead-lined coffin. This unusual procedure was usually designed to protect the water table from contamination or to preserve evidence in case an exhumation might ever be necessary.
Post Adams.
Gwynne fell into depression and in 1963 suffered a stroke. He was made a ward of the Court of Protection in 1965, which prevented him from controlling his own money and possessions.
He died on 15 November 1971 in a nursing home aged 89. His death certificate was signed by Dr Adams. His last will left his estate, valued at around £1.7 million to Sir Dingwall Bateson, who, in the event, predeceased him.

</doc>
<doc id="9626793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626793" title="Per Jensen">
Per Jensen

Per Alex Jensen, known as Per Jensen for short (born 10 December 1930) is a Danish former football (soccer) player. He started his career as an amateur player with Kjøbenhavns Boldklub (KB) and was the top goalscorer of the 1959 Danish football championship. He moved abroad to play professionally for AS Saint-Etienne in France and Italian club US Triestina, before ending his career back with KB. He played two games and scored two goals for the Denmark national football team in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="9626796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626796" title="Heritage Malta">
Heritage Malta

Heritage Malta () is the Maltese national agency for museums, conservation practice and cultural heritage. Created by the Cultural Heritage Act, enacted in 2002, the national agency replaced the former Museums Department.
Originally Heritage Malta was entrusted with the management of museums, sites and their collections but in 2005, the agency was also charged with the take over of the former Malta Centre for Restoration to become the national agency responsible for conservation.
As the national agency responsible for museums, cultural heritage and conservation, Heritage Malta is governed by a Board of Directors appointed by the Minister. The Board is headed by a Chairman and is usually appointed for successive three year terms.
Logo.
The logo of Heritage Malta is a white uppercase Ħ on a red square.
The H with stroke is a letter found only in the Maltese alphabet.
Sites protected by Heritage Malta.
The following archaeological sites and historical buildings and structures are under the management of Heritage Malta. All Maltese megalithic temples listed below are inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.

</doc>
<doc id="9626800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626800" title="Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Fire Services">
Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Fire Services

Chief Fire and Rescue Advisor for England, is responsible for the advising the government on all matters concerning the Fire and Rescue Service. The CFRA also handles the auditing of all Local Authority Fire Services to ensure they meet strict performance criteria and targets laid out by the English Governments .
The Chief Fire and Rescue Advisor reports to the Department of Communities and Local Government (DCLG). 
Responsibility for Fire and Rescue Services in Wales is devolved to the Welsh Government who in turn have their own appointed Fire and Rescue Advisor who reports directly to the Welsh Minister for Local Government.
The current CFRA the former Chief Fire Officer of Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service, Peter Holland CBE. The role of CFRA also includes additional responsibilities to HM Government. The CFRA is the most senior Fire and Rescue Service adviser to the United Kingdom Government, holding the role of Chief Fire Officer (CFO) advising on policy, procedures, and legislative changes affecting the UK Fire Service. The devolved administrations consider and adopt UK policies and procedures where applicable.
Although this additional responsibility only officially extends to England, the post is deemed to cover to all parts of the UK in shaping policy changes relating to the UK Fire & Rescue Service inlight of major incidents and outcomes from any investigations resulting from the work of the Fire & Rescue Service.
The Inspectorate reports on the activities of the Public Fire and Rescue Services of England as well as the Defence Fire and Rescue Service (which operated by the Ministry of Defence) on a voluntary basis.
The HMFSI's equivalent in Scotland is Her Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate for Scotland 
Background.
In February 2007, the government in the UK announced it was setting up a new unit to advise ministers on fire and rescue issues and creating the role of Chief Fire and Rescue Adviser (CFRA) confirming in May the same year that Sir Ken Knight had been appointed to the position. In October 2007, Sir Ken left the London Fire Brigade to start his new role. The announcement was made by the then fire minister Angela Smith. The purpose of the unit and its adviser is to "provide ministers and civil servants with independent professional advice on fire and rescue issues". The Chief Fire and Rescue Adviser also retains the historic title of HM Chief Inspector which was traditionally given to the head of Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Service. The new unit and its chief advisor will replace HMFSI, its function is to advise ministers, COBR and other government departments; and local government. The Chief Fire and Rescue Adviser or CFRA reports to the Department for Communities and Local Government. The new units remit only extends to England and Wales. The separate Inspectorate in Scotland Her Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate is under the leadership of its Chief Inspector, Steven Torrie.
The role of the CFRA.
The DfCLG has outlined the "general" functions of the CFRA, and the new unit:
The detailed job description was made available to the public ahead of Sir Ken's appointment. It said the role of CFRA comes with a "substantial six figure package". The CFRA will have to set up the new unit, the last HM Chief inspector of Fire Services was Sir Graham Meldrum who retired in January 2007. The new post of CFRA has been created to reflect changes to the fire and rescue service in the UK brought about by the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, although it only applies to England and Wales. However, it is anticipated that the CFRA will advise the government on any major incident in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9626808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626808" title="FT 30">
FT 30

The FT 30 ("FT Ordinary Index" or "FTOI", not "FTSE 30") is a now rarely used index that is similar to the Dow Jones Industrial Average. As an index of stocks to represent the real trends on the market, the FT 30 has been superseded by the FTSE 100, which was introduced in 1984.
Background.
The purpose of the FT 30 was to give a selection of stocks, which capture the range and essence of UK companies. The index was devised in 1935 by Maurice Green and Otto Clarke of the "Financial News" and was termed the ""Financial News" 30-share index" until that paper merged with the "Financial Times" in 1945. The companies listed in the index are made up of those in the industrial and commercial sectors. It excludes government stocks, and used to exclude financial sector (banks, insurance, etc.).
The FT 30 index was calculated using the geometric mean.
As Rowley states, this had the effect of understating movements in the index compared to using the arithemtic mean; and there are circumstances where this is undesirable.

</doc>
<doc id="9626812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626812" title="William W. Crapo">
William W. Crapo

William Wallace Crapo (May 16, 1830 – February 28, 1926) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts. He was elected to fill the vacancy caused by the death of James Buffinton. He served slightly more than three terms in congress from November 2, 1875 to March 3, 1883
Born in Dartmouth, Massachusetts, died in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Crapo is interred in the Rural Cemetery. He was a prominent attorney in New Bedford. Among his clients was Hetty Green.
William Wallace Crapo was a brother of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity in his undergraduate years at Yale University. He graduated in 1852 and was a member of Skull and Bones. On April 15, 1851, Crapo visited Brown University, on which date he is credited with initiating 17 members of the provisional chapter there, re-activating the ten-years-dormant Brunonian Chapter.

</doc>
<doc id="9626816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626816" title="Philippe Dautzenberg">
Philippe Dautzenberg

Philippe Dautzenberg (Ixelles, Brussels, 20 December 1849 - Paris, 9 May 1935) was a Belgian malacologist, a biologist who specializes in the branch of invertebrate zoology that deals with mollusks. He assembled a large part of the shell collection of the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences, which consists of 9,000,000 specimens and is one of the three largest shell collections in the world.
He was a participant in the scientific surveys of Prince Albert I of Monaco and the author of numerous published works in the field of malacology. He belonged to several scientific societies in Belgium and France, including the "Société royale malacologique de Belgique", "Société linnéenne de Lyon" (1921–1935) and the "Société d'histoire naturelle de l'Afrique du Nord" (1926). In 1892 he was named president of the "Société zoologique de France".

</doc>
<doc id="9626823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626823" title="NH 3">
NH 3

NH3, NH-3, NH or NH 3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9626825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626825" title="LILI-128">
LILI-128

LILI-128 is an LFSR based synchronous stream cipher with a 128-bit key. On 13 November 2000, LILI-128 was presented at the NESSIE workshop. It is designed to be simple to implement in both software and hardware.
In 2007, LILI-128 was totally broken by using a notebook running MATLAB in 1.61 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="9626826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626826" title="Biskopsgården">
Biskopsgården

Biskopsgården is a district ("stadsdelsnämndsområde") in Gothenburg Municipality, Sweden.
History.
Today you can find the first trace of humans by the hillsides that was once beaches in an archipelago.
The border between Sweden and Norway went through Biskopsgården from the 13th century until 1658, when Bohuslän belonged to Sweden. One of the old yards, Biskopsgården, was used when the Bishop came to visit. Its area stretched up to the mountains over the current Biskopsgården, and it is from there that it got its name.
In 10 years an area along the tram rail was built for 25 000 people.
In the middle of the 1950s, an expansion of Biskopsgården was started. Around 1958, people, such as authors and professors, moved to Biskopsgården. After the labor migration on 1950s and 1960s, Biskopsgården acquired an immigrant character. The proportion of professionals was higher than average, as well as average earnings. During the 1980s and 1990s, Biskopsgården had changed and renewed. Today, Biskopsgården has improved due to reparation, as well as social and cultural investments. On January 1, 2011, Biskopsgården and Torslanda joined together and formed Western Hisingens district. In Gothenburg the number of district has been halved to ten.
Living and population.
Biskopsgården consist of approximately 12,750 housings. The majority of housings have been created during the 1950s and they have also been renovated or built. In the spring of 2007, a program for new housings was approved by the building committee. To highlight the resident’s thoughts and ideas about where they could build new housings, a citizen group of 20 persons was committed by the city-building office together with the district administration. Biskopsgården expected to receive a major injection of new homes in the near future. The famous architect Johan Berggren has said that Biskopsgården has potential to become the new roar model, concerning new architecture.
The population of the district Biskopsgården is approximately 25,600 (2008). The population have decreased a lot since the 1960s, then the population was above 37,000. The district Biskopsgården is close to a large green area and major thoroughfares. The district has a geographical central location, with three trams that services city. The trams leaves every five minutes and it takes approximately 15 minutes to the city. Despite this the district is mentally isolated relative to the other places in Hisingen.
An important presumption for a positive development of Biskopsgården is that the isolation is broken. The district Biskopsgården has during its lifetime gone through major changes. An example on this is that, the ethnic diversity has increased; some of the blocks have been renovated or rebuilt. The Live-good process was started in 1993, a unique development forum, with the purpose of improving the district for the resident. The vision of the Live-good process is to have attractive preschool/school, better marketing, safety, own supply, good housing, and collaboration and accommodation dialogue.
The district has three large business squares, Länsmanstorget, Vårväderstorget and Friskväderstorget that are natural meeting places for the residents. The squares have a variety of small shops. Biskopsgården have large planned neighbor areas used as natural meeting places for residents. Svarte Mosses has a large green area that gives the possibility to have activity meeting-places, such as barbecue places, café, nature pathways, miniature golf, and other sports activities.
In Biskopsgården there are 5 schools, one in each primary area. Ryaskolan. In South and North Biskopsgården there are two properties with housing and daytime activities for older. There is also two youth recreation centre and one library. There is a very well developed association life, with 80 compounds that are working in the district. About 50 compounds are focused on culture, politics and hobbies, 20 are sports associations and about 15 are pensioners associations.
In Biskopsgården you can find everything from restaurants and barber shops to machine shops and printers.Today there are 966 registered companies in Biskopsgården. However Biskopsgårdens industry association was created in 1977. There is an industry area and a small business consisting 70 companies in the South Biskopsgården. The industry area has looked the same the last 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9626828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626828" title="Carl Emil Christiansen">
Carl Emil Christiansen

Carl Emil Christiansen (born 31 December 1937) is a Danish former amateur football (soccer) player, who played 313 games and scored 112 goals for Esbjerg fB in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1962 Danish football championship, and played two games and scored one goal for the Denmark national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9626831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626831" title="Borgia Group">
Borgia Group

The Borgia Group is the designation given by scholars to a number of mostly pre-Columbian documents from central Mexico, first identified by Eduard Seler. They are distinguished by their religious content, while the pre-Columbian codices of the Mixtec group are principally historical. The place of origin and the linguistic identity of the creators of the codices have been subject to debate.
The main members of the Borgia Group are:
Also sometimes included are:

</doc>
<doc id="9626838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626838" title="Sir John Clay">
Sir John Clay

Sir John Clay was a combatant in the Wars of the Roses who fought on the Yorkist side in the Battle of Tewkesbury, fought on 4 May 1471. King Edward IV of England knighted him, and his coat of arms depicts three lions facing another and engaging in a quarrel. 

</doc>
<doc id="9626843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626843" title="2008 PDC World Darts Championship">
2008 PDC World Darts Championship

The 2008 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship, sponsored by Ladbrokes, was the 15th World Championship organised by the Professional Darts Corporation since it separated from the British Darts Organisation. The 2008 event began on December 17, 2007 (a tradition for the event to begin in the previous calendar year) and the final was played on New Year's Day for the second year in succession. There was no play on December 23, 24, 25 or 31.
John Part won his third World Championship, beating the qualifier Kirk Shepherd 7-2 in the final. 
He joined Phil Taylor, Raymond van Barneveld, Eric Bristow and John Lowe as the only people to have won more than two world titles, although they have since been joined by Martin Adams. He also became only one of two players to have won the PDC World Darts Championship more than once, along with Taylor. In addition, he became the first player to have won World Championships in three different venues; the Lakeside, the Circus Tavern and the Alexandra Palace, although this accolade was matched in 2009 by Phil Taylor.
Raymond van Barneveld was the defending champion having won the PDC World Championship at the first attempt in an epic final against Phil Taylor in 2007. He was knocked out in the third round with a 4-2 loss to Kevin Painter.
Phil Taylor failed to reach the final of the competition, for the first time in PDC World Championship history, after losing 5-4 to Wayne Mardle in the quarter-finals.
After being staged at the Circus Tavern in Purfleet for 14 years, the tournament moved to the Alexandra Palace in London. The championships had been considered to have outgrown the Circus Tavern whose capacity of 800-900 spectators was considerably smaller than some Holsten Premier League darts events in 2007 which saw crowds reaching 5,000. The Alexandra Palace was the venue of the News of the World Darts Championship between 1963 and 1977 and boasts a capacity for 2008 of 2,500.
Format and qualifiers.
The televised stages featureD 68 players. The top 32 players in the PDC Order of Merit at November 12, 2007 received an automatic place in the World Championship. They were joined by 16 PDPA members and 20 international qualifiers determined by the PDC and PDPA.
The 16 PDPA members were made up from the top eight players (who hadn't already qualified) in the PDC Pro Tour Events during 2007 (Jelle Klaasen, Mark Walsh, Tony Eccles, Michael van Gerwen, Steve Brown, Dave Askew, Jason Clark and Matt Clark) 
The final eight qualifiers were determined at a PDPA Qualifying event which was held on November 17, 2007 in Wolverhampton - prior to the Grand Slam of Darts tournament. The successful players were Steve Maish, Jan van der Rassel, Colin Monk, Steve Evans, Jamie Caven, Steve Hine, Kirk Shepherd and Jason Barry. Former world champions John Lowe, Eric Bristow, Keith Deller and Richie Burnett all played in the qualifying rounds but failed to reach the televised stages.
Prize Money.
The 2008 World Championship will feature a prize fund of £600,000 - a rise of £100,000 on the previous year. The prize money for earlier round losers has been increased, whilst the winner and runner-up prize money is all unchanged.
Draw.
Last 32 to Final.
Highest Checkouts: 170, Mervyn King, James Wade, Wayne Mardle
180's scored : 478
Most 180s Scored, Individual : 34 John Part, 33 Kirk Shepherd, 24 Wayne Mardle, 24 Kevin Painter, 22 Adrian Lewis.
Highest Tournament Dart Average (In A Single Match): John Part 99.06 vs Suljovic (Second Round).
Scores after player's names are three-dart averages (total points scored divided by darts thrown and multiplied by 3)
Tournament Review.
Day Four, Thursday 20 December.
Day Five, Friday 21 December
Sunday 23 December to Tuesday 25 December.
The tournament went into for the Christmas period.
Day Eight, Thursday 27 December.
Third Round (Last 16)
Day Nine, Friday 28 December.
Raymond van Barneveld's reign as PDC World Championship was ended by Kevin Painter in a thrilling match which Painter finished off with a ten-dart leg to clinch the match 4-2. Painter hit seven consecutive treble 20s, en route to a possible nine dart leg before missing a treble 19 before completing a remarkable ten darter to go through to the quarter finals.
Earlier, James Wade overcame flu and Mark Dudbridge 4-2 to go through to his first World quarter-final and Kirk Shepherd defeated Barrie Bates 4-2 to be the surprise quarter-finalist. Peter Manley and John Part both had comfortable wins in their last 16 matches.
The talking point of the day may have been the Adrian Lewis v Tony Eccles clash. Eccles started in sensational fashion winning the first eight legs, but couldn't close out the third set. He missed two darts at a double for a 3-0 sets lead and then Lewis started a fightback winning the next three sets to lead 3-2. Eccles fought back himself to level the match, but controversy came in the final set when the scores were level at 2 legs each. Lewis took an unscheduled comfort break just minutes after a scheduled one and when he came back he found his rhythm to win the next two legs and make the quarter finals.
Day Ten, Quarter Finals, Saturday 29 December.
For the first time in the 15 year history of the event, Phil Taylor failed to make it to the final after losing to Wayne Mardle. Taylor took an early 3-0 lead, but after winning a set Mardle's confidence increased and with the crowd behind him brought it back to 3-3. With the sets tied 4-4 the legs went with throw until 4-4 when Mardle broke Taylor with tops after Taylor missed double sixteen when the dart went the wrong side of the wire. Wayne closed out the match on his own darts with 140 and double 18 to win the final set 6-4 and a 5-4 win. Mardle immediately broke down into tears after the win. After the match Mardle said "it's not being in the semis that's important... it's beating that guy there (Taylor); he didn't play well, but I still had to play at my best to beat him"
Taylor said "When I was 3 sets to nil up, I thought I'm going to beat him 5-0... If he gets his game together now he's got the biggest chance of his life to win it".
World Matchplay champion James Wade also went out in the quarter-finals to two-time former World Champion John Part. It was a close match, but Part always stayed in front after establishing a 2-0 set lead. Wade did fight back from 1-3 to level the match.
Kirk Shepherd continued his amazing run and for the third time in the tournament survived his opponent having darts to win the match. Peter Manley had two darts to win the final set 3-0, but Shepherd came back to win the final set 4-2. After sharing the first four sets, Kevin Painter beat Adrian Lewis 5-2.
Day Eleven, Semi Finals, Sunday 30 December.
Kirk Shepherd's sensational run in the tournament continued as he beat Wayne Mardle in the semi-final to reach the final. Shepherd, the 21-year old qualifier built up a 3-1 set lead and missed five darts to go 4-1 up only to see Mardle come back to take the lead 4-3. Mardle, who had beaten Phil Taylor the previous night in the quarter finals looked to be on his way to his first world final before Shepherd fought back again to take the next three sets and become the first qualifier to reach the PDC World final.
The other semi-final was a more clinical performance as John Part returned to the final always having the edge over 2004 finalist Kevin Painter. The fourth set was potential decisive as Painter missed darts to take a 2-0 leg lead. Part then took out the next two legs and a 13-darter in the fourth leg gave him a 3-1 set lead. Painter missed a dart at bullseye to bring the score back to 2-3, leaving Part a 44 finish to go 4-1 up - then also missed a chance to take the sixth set. Part took the match with a classy 130 finish for a 6-2 win.
Day Twelve, Final, Tuesday 1 January 2008.
John Part became World Champion for the third time with a ruthless 7-2 victory over qualifier Kirk Shepherd. Shepherd had beaten world number four Terry Jenkins, three time world finalist Peter Manley and Phil Taylor's conqueror Wayne Mardle to become the first qualifier to reach the PDC World final - but he had no answer to Part's experience in the final. The early stages of the match were close with both of the first two sets going down to a deciding leg. Part just edged the first set and in the deciding leg of the second started with 140, 180 and a 15-dart leg for a 2-0 lead. Part then ran off the next six legs to find himself 4-0 in front and missed a bullseye for a 5-0 lead before Shepherd took his first set. The sixth set again went to last leg with Part re-establishing a four set lead but Shepherd continued to battle away and took the seventh set with a brilliant 160 finish. Part opened the eighth set with a 139 finish, then Shepherd hit an 88 to level it before checkouts of 52 and 80 from Part took him one set away from victory at 6-2. The Canadian closed out victory in the ninth set with a double ten in the fifth leg.

</doc>
<doc id="9626855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626855" title="Robert Iscove">
Robert Iscove

Robert Iscove (born July 4, 1947, Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian film and television director, television producer and a choreographer. In 1984, he won the Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Individual Achievement in the Performing Arts – Directing.

</doc>
<doc id="9626871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626871" title="TOCA 2 Touring Cars">
TOCA 2 Touring Cars

TOCA 2 Touring Cars (called Touring Car Challenge in the USA) is a British racing video game developed and published by Codemasters, and released in 1998. It is part of the TOCA Touring Car series. Mainly an annual franchise update of cars and tracks, the game added more detailed graphics, physics, multiplayer modes and other minor features. Fictional (but realistic) tracks were added, and support races such as Ford Fiestas, Formula Ford and others also arrived. The level of car damage possible during a race was also enhanced, which was a significant selling point compared with the likes of Gran Turismo which had no damage model at the time. The intro (opening scene) of the US version features the song "Sole Sentiment" by Ratman.
Gameplay.
The game modes include the support races such as Formula Ford and the Ford Fiesta Championships, a test track mode where the player tests any car on certain variations of the test track, a Championship mode which is dependent on the length with the difficulty selected, a feature new to the game is the support cars are able to be chosen with the color the player prefers. The Multi-player mode (known as Linkup Game) allows for 2 or more players to race on any circuit and also in the Championship mode. A challenge mode is included to see how fast the player can get to the checkpoints in a limited amount of time. The single race mode allows for the player to choose the track he/she wants to race on and this mode features the ability to change the weather, laps raced and allowance for computer cars for one or more players.
Other info.
Similar to the first game, once you select a car, you replace a driver and partner the other driver. However, unlike the first TOCA game, this time you replace the second team driver, not the first.
TOCA 2 is notable for being one of only three PlayStation games (the others being Wip3out: Special Edition and Andretti Racing) to feature a four-player mode using the PlayStation's link cable and split-screen at the same time - i.e., four players compete against each other simultaneously using two PlayStation consoles, with two players per console and connected to two televisions.
All the tracks used in the various championships, including the main BTCC championship, are real racing tracks in Great Britain. These are as follows:
Thruxton; Silverstone; Donington Park; Croft; Oulton Park; Brands Hatch; Snetterton; and Knockhill.
There are Bonus tracks and cars which can be accessed through the championship mode.
TOCA 2 for Windows also has the ability to import skins for each car. They can be edited using any paint/drawing program.
Reception.
There was mixed response to the game. GameSpot praised the graphics and criticised the music not being featured during gameplay. GameSpot described the game as a "Destruction Derby-style game". IGN was mainly critical of the game but praised it for taking advantage of the modern 3D acceleration hardware for the updated graphics. The Official PlayStation Mazagine said it was an improvement on the original game, with lots of tracks, but that "the new cars felt tacked on."

</doc>
<doc id="9626882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626882" title="Munkbron">
Munkbron

Munkbron (Swedish: "Monk's Bridge") is a public square on the western waterfront of Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Connected to the square are Stora Gråmunkegränd, Gåsgränd, Lilla Nygatan, Yxsmedsgränd, and Munkbrogatan; while the traffic route Munkbroleden separates it from the canal Riddarholmskanalen. The square is divided into a northern and a southern part by the block "Aurora" in which the so-called Petersen House is found.
History.
In the 15th century, the name 'Munkbron' referred to the bridge passing over to Riddarholmen were the Greyfriars abbey was located. As the latter islet, until the 1630s called "Gråmunkeholmen" ("Greyfriar's islet"), received its present name, 'Munkbron' was being used for the quay passing along the western waterfront of the city (See also Riddarholmsbron). The present square, together with the quay passing along the shore and various present or historical spaces nearby, were known under several different names, including "Muncke brons Hampnen" ("Monk's Bridge Harbour", 1646), "Våghusplatsen" ("Scales Space", ?), "Munkbrotorget" ("Monk's Bridge Square", 1654), "Munkbrohamnsplatsen" ("Monk's Bridge Harbour Space"). 
In 1921, when the squares Munkbron and Mälartorget were called "Övre/Nedre Munkbrotorget" ("Upper/Lower Monk's Bridge Square"), it was suggested the two should be renamed "Munkbrotorget" and "Flugmötet" ("Fly's Meeting", in reference to the latrine heap located on the southern square) respectively, a proposal however rejected in favour of the present name colloquially used.

</doc>
<doc id="9626902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626902" title="Colin McRae Rally 04">
Colin McRae Rally 04

Colin McRae Rally 04 is a rally game which was released in September 2003 and is the fourth incarnation of the "Colin McRae Rally" series. It is also the first game in the series to drop the official WRC license. It was developed and published by Codemasters. Its previous game was Colin McRae Rally 3 and was followed by Colin McRae Rally 2005. Like all other Colin McRae games, it is a blend of simulation and arcade style handling.
Gameplay.
There are six championships to complete in the game. There are 4 classes of cars: 4WD, 2WD, Group B and Bonus. The bonus class are cars that are not usually raced in rallies. These cars are only here for extra pleasure.
This fourth incarnation of the Colin McRae Rally series, unlike in the previous three games, has no official WRC team license. All of the cars' liveries are either fictitious or taken from championships other than the WRC. Nicky Grist is replaced by Derek Ringer as the co-driver voice in the game.
There are six championships to complete in the game.
Cars.
4WD
2WD
Group B
Bonus cars
Tracks.
The game has rally tracks in 8 countries: USA, Spain, UK, Finland, Sweden, Greece, Japan and Australia. 52 stages in total (six stages each rally, only 4 championships have Super Special Stages: USA, Australia, UK and Sweden).
Reception.
The game was reviewed positively by critics and gained rating of 87 on Metacritic for the PC. It also has a rating of 8.5 on GameSpot for PS2, 8.8 for PC and Xbox.

</doc>
<doc id="9626912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626912" title="Steam room">
Steam room

Steam rooms are commonly maintained at a temperature of 41 degrees celsius or above, with a high humidity of around 100% adding to the sensation. In comparison, saunas are maintained at a much higher temperature due to the lack of humidity in the air (often 70-90 degrees celsius).
The amount of power required for steam generation varies depending on construction style.

</doc>
<doc id="9626940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626940" title="Blackburn United F.C.">
Blackburn United F.C.

Blackburn United F.C. are a Scottish football club from the town of Blackburn, West Lothian.
History.
Formed in 1978, the club joined the Junior grade of football two years later. United presently compete in the East Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association and play their home matches at the purpose built New Murrayfield Park, which has room for approximately 2,400 spectators, in the centre of the town. The whole facility that is New Murrayfield Park boasts a six-dressing room pavilion and associated amenities, a main Stadium pitch, two further 11-a-side pitches and two 7-a-side pitches, one of which is soon to be converted to a floodlit, 3G pitch.
Community Club.
The Club forms the pinnacle of the Blackburn United Community Football Club, a fully accredited SFA Community Club which, in addition to the adult side, also caters for under age football at all ages from under 9 to under 21 as well as girls and special needs football. For those of an even younger age there is a soccer school with its own dedicated coaches.
Club records.
Appearances.
The club's record appearance holder until March 2014 was Craig Spence who, after signing from Airdrieonians at the beginning of the 1998–99 season, made 375 appearances and scored 20 goals before retiring in August 2012 On 15 March 2014 fellow Airdrie man Alan Brown surpassed Spence's record when making his 376th appearance for the club, scoring his 68th goal in the process. Now in his third spell with the club, Brown signed for United as a teenager at the beginning of the 1997–98 season.
Notable former players.
The following players have either played for Blackburn United before going onto forge careers in the senior grade or have played for one of the Club's predecessors before similarly going onto play in the senior grade;

</doc>
<doc id="9626943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626943" title="Dieter Schwarz">
Dieter Schwarz

Dieter Schwarz (born 24 September 1939) is a German entrepreneur and owner of the Schwarz-Gruppe. He is the chairman and CEO of the supermarket chain Lidl and the hypermarket chain Kaufland. 
Career.
After the death of his father Josef Schwarz in 1977, he took control of the "Schwarz & Lidl" discount chain. Soon afterwards, he bought the naming rights from the co-owner Ludwig Lidl, who was a former schoolteacher.
Net worth.
In 2009 he was estimated to be worth 10 billion euro. As of October 2012 he was estimated to be worth 12 billion euro and increase from 11.5 billion euro in 2011. As of October 2012, the Bloomberg Billionaires Index lists Schwarz as the 29th richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of US 20.2 billion.
In 2013, he was estimated be worth €19.6 billion, and ranked the 24th richest person in the world.
Personal life.
Schwarz lives in Neckarsulm, wife his wife Franziska and has two children.
Schwarz is known to be very protective of his privacy, with only two photographs of him known to exist, one of them in black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="9626960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626960" title="Viscounty of Limoges">
Viscounty of Limoges

Between Limoges, Brive and Périgueux, the viscounts of Limoges, also called viscounts of Ségur created a small principality, whose last heir was Henry IV. Ségur was the main home of these viscounts, in the heart of their domain. The viscounty went from the Limoges-Ségur family to the House of Montfort in Brittany, then to the Albrets and eventually to the Bourbons.
Territory.
Their territory included the castles of Ségur, Excideuil, Aixe-su-Vienne, Auberoche and Nontron.
Ségur Castle.
Built in a shingle of the Auvézère River, at the borders of Saint-Eloi, Saint Julien, Payzac and Beyssenac parishes, the place is naturally defensive. The Ségur "verteil" (headquarters of the milites castri, the knights who defend the castle) was home to the Pérusse family (future dukes of the Cars), Bonneval family (future marquises of Bonneval) (Claude Alexandre de Bonneval became a famous Ottoman Empire pasha), and Prévot family (later "du Mas" family, future marquises of Paysac).
The upper castle is in ruins. Today, the only remaining part is the Pérusse hotel, in the "verteil".
No visits (December 2006)
Excideuil Castle.
Only two large towers remain, joined together by a screen wall that used to be the aula pinion.
The main home (16th or 17th century?) was doubled in width at the beginning of the 20th century.
The outward gate of the milites castri's verteil is a Renaissance door.
Auberoche Castle.
"See Château d'Auberoche" in the French Wikipedia for a detailed discussion (in French).
Probably around 1037 or 1059, the successor of Bishop Frotaire (the castrum founder) is said to have submitted the place to the Limoges viscount, in order to get the protection of this laic potentate against the Count of Périgord.
As soon as the last third of the 12th century (1154–1157), the Viscount of Limoges acknowledges the bishop of Périgueux as his suzerain, as far as Auberoche is concerned. By this submission, the viscount extended his domination up to the Périgord episcopal and county headquarters gates. Therefore, the viscounts of Limoges could maintain and use of their political and economic power at the gates of Périgueux. The castle became a chaplain center which included 16 parishes (in 1365) and controlled two main, convergent traffic streams towards Périgueux city, through the Auvézère and Manoir valleys.
Confirmed as soon as September 1257, the judicial and administrative power was enforced in the whole district area by a provost, agent of the viscount of Limoges.
All location castles came under the ownership of the Segur viscounts who were initially abbots or clergy, the Monsbruen-Segur line came to be known as the barons that would fuel both the French and Provençal Kingdoms but also the dominaters of the Anglo-Saxon Kingdoms throughout Briton and Celtic and Norse lands by intermarriage with the Anglo-Saxon Kings like the predecessors the Britons who were a united branch of exiled Greek warriors and criminals who escaped the Turkish domination of the Achaea region of Greece and Rome's only influence were churches and statesmen in Brittania.

</doc>
<doc id="9626984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626984" title="Collingwood House, Morpeth">
Collingwood House, Morpeth

Collingwood House is a late 18th century Georgian house, having Grade II* listed building status, at Oldgate, Morpeth, Northumberland. It was the home of Admiral Lord Collingwood from 1791 to his death at sea in 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="9626992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9626992" title="Boxes (album)">
Boxes (album)

Boxes is a soundtrack album by Australian band, Icehouse released by Festival Records / Chrysalis Records in November 1985. The work was originally conceived by its composers, Iva Davies and Robert Kretschmer, in collaboration with choreographer Graeme Murphy of the Sydney Dance Company for performance as the ballet "Boxes". The first live performance of "Boxes" was given by the Sydney Dance Company together with Davies and Kretschmer of Icehouse and guest percussionist Masaki Tanazawa in the Opera Theatre of the Sydney Opera House on 7 November 1985. "Boxes" was released in the US under the name Sydney Dance Company. The single "No Promises" was released as a 12" in November and a cassingle in December on Regular Records for Australian and New Zealand markets, it contained other tracks from "Boxes"; two tracks from "Boxes" were later released on their next studio album "Measure for Measure" in April 1986.
Track listing.
^ tracks also on "No Promises" 12" single in 1985
&& tracks, different versions, also on "Measure for Measure" in 1986
Personnel.
Credits:

</doc>
<doc id="9627002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627002" title="Rail rolling stock in New South Wales">
Rail rolling stock in New South Wales

The railways of New South Wales, Australia, use a large variety of passenger and freight rollingstock.
Suburban passenger rolling stock.
From the opening of the first railway line in Sydney in 1855, suburban steam hauled trains operated suburban services. By 1890, suburban steam-hauled trains ran frequently from Sydney to Homebush, Parramatta and Hurstville. Less frequent services operated to Liverpool, Ryde, Hornsby, Sutherland and Waterfall. Often these trains were mixed, carrying both goods and passengers. By 1914, plans were being drawn up to electrify the Sydney suburban rail lines.
Single-deck cars.
1920 wooden single-deck cars.
In the 1920s, the Bradfield electrification program began. Until then, trains continued to be sets of steam-locomotive-hauled wooden end-platform cars. In 1921, 101 wooden bodied driving-motor cars (later numbered C3000–3100) were built by Ritchie Bros and Meadowbank Manufacturing Company C3045 (now preserved) was built by the railway workshops as a prototype, but became the very last to enter traffic in 1923. They were originally steam-hauled EBB/EFA cars, prior to conversion to electric traction with the opening of the first section of electrified line between Sydney and Oatley in 1926. These wooden cars had steel sheathing for additional strength, and became known as the "Bradfield Cars". Some "Bradfield" cars were converted to parcel vans after accidents. Other "Bradfield" cars were rebuilt to resemble "Standard" (1927-type) cars in the 1960s, to prolong their lives until new double-deck cars could be delivered to replace them. The last "Bradfield" power-cars were withdrawn from service in 1975. C3045 is preserved static at the Rail Transport Museum, Thirlmere, while C3082 has been retained by State Rail Heritage. C3082, the former Elcar "Pilot" Shunter, was used on a number of single-deck railfan tours in the 1980s, often with Wooden trailer car T4279.
At the same time, 193 steam-hauled end-platform cars were rebuilt into 184 electric trailer cars (T4101–4284) and nine driving trailer cars (D4001 to 4009). They were in service much longer than intended, being finally replaced by the Tulloch single deck, and later double-deck, trailers from the 1950s onwards. D4001 and 4006 were converted to Parcel Vans driving trailers. T4279 is preserved and has been used on many railfan single-deck tours in the 1980s and early 1990s. D4004 is also preserved awaiting restoration, but not operable. 
1925 all-steel cars.
With the planned opening of the Sydney underground lines and electrification, it was proposed to build steel bodied suburban cars. As no such cars were built in Australia before, an initial 50 cars (numbered 3101–3150) were built by the Leeds Forge Company in Leeds, UK and assembled at Eveleigh. Some of these cars were briefly used in steam-hauled service during 1925 as EFA cars 2213 to 2262 before conversion to electric traction. C3101 was used in initial trials with Wooden driving trailer D4001 before the start of electric services in March, 1926. After 1976, C3102 was the oldest electric car in service and was specially painted in 1940's livery with buff lining until its retirement in 1989. This car is now preserved by State Rail Heritage.
1926–1960 single-deck steel cars.
Between 1926 and 1960, a total of 417 motor cars and 417 trailer cars were built by various contractors including Leeds Forge Co. of England, Walsh Island Dockyard, Clyde Engineering, Tulloch Limited and Comeng. The pre-war "1927 type" cars were known as the "Standard" cars as they dominated the suburban fleet, and featured First and Second Class travel until 1 January 1940. More cars (the majority being trailer cars), were delivered by Tullochs Ltd between 1940 and 1957 to cater for system expansion, and to replace many of the decrepit Wooden trailer cars. The 80 cars built by Comeng from 1957 to 1960 (40 motor and 40 trailer cars) became known as the "Sputnik" cars. They had 4 single power operated doors on each side and were of spot-welded construction. These cars were introduced at the time of electrification extension from Parramatta to Penrith. One 8-car set of Tulloch cars was fitted with power-doors and ran from 1956 to 1976 as set F39. Between 1968 & 1973, 97 Standard & Tulloch motor-cars were converted from two to four motors on new air-ride bogies for better performance and adhesion, starting with C7500 (ex C3500). These single deck electric multiple unit (EMU) sets were the backbone of the Sydney suburban network until the stainless-steel double deck cars of the S (and later C, K & R) sets took over. The last of the Sputniks had their final retirement in 1993. Many cars were painted blue & white during the PTC years from 1972 onwards, and the last blue & white cars were repainted in 1987. Several cars were fitted with Beclawat sliding windows during overhauls as a cost-cutting measure (see photo). After 1976, they carried a deep 'Indian Red' livery until their retirement. In 1991, one eight-car set H22 was painted in a special livery to promote Taronga Zoo. Two power-door W-sets were painted in special liveries for the Zoo (W1) and to mark Sydney's Sesqicentenary (W2). Many of the motor cars were marshalled with the Tulloch double deck trailer cars (see below) to form 4 or 8 car mixed single and double deck sets. In their final years, these cars became associated with the derogatory term 'red rattlers' by the State Government and the media.
Double-deck cars.
1964 Tulloch double-deck trailers (1964–2003).
In the 1960s, tenders were called for double-deck electric passenger cars. In 1964, the first of 120 "Tulloch trailers" were delivered, and integrated into the single-deck sets. The cars were built by Tulloch Limited, and were numbered 4801–4920, by operating across only the City Circle, South, Bankstown, East Hills and Inner West Lines (Sector 2). They consisted of normal floor level over the bogies, with a double deck passenger section between the bogies. The cars were largely riveted aluminium, with steel underframes. They carried green internal livery and were painted Tuscan Red on the outside sides with painted silver roofs to match the single deck carriages. For the first time in Sydney, fluorescent internal lighting and air suspension bogies were used. The initial 40 cars were used in power door sets, the remainder in non-powered door sets, and they replaced the remaining wooden bodied trailer cars. In 1987, W-set trailers T4834–4838 were converted to manual door M-set cars by having their power-doors disconnected, and rewired from 120- to 32-volt operation. The Tullochs were painted in the colour scheme of the day (blue & white and later deep Indian red). Cars T4839 to 4895 were later painted grey and marshalled into sets containing Comeng & Goninan double-deck cars (see below) as 'R & S sets'. Cars T4834–4838 and 4896–4920 continued to operate with older single-deck motor cars as 'M Sets'. The W set trailers (T4801–4833) and M set trailers (T4834–4838 and 4896–4920) were withdrawn in 1994 with the retirement of all single deck suburban stock, the cars marshalled with Comeng power cars in W sets saw service until February 2004, before the introduction of the Millennium Trains. Cars 4801, 4814, 4840, 4843, 4844, 4849, 4850 4854, 4874, 4881, 4799 have been kept for preservation.
1968 prototype double-deck power cars (1968–1980).
In 1966, after the success of the Tulloch double-deck trailers, tenders were called for double deck motor cars. In 1968, four experimental double-deck motor cars (C3801–3804) were built by Tulloch and entered service enabling the first eight car double deck train, set S10, to operate by marshalling them with four Tulloch trailers T4839, 4840, 4843 and 4844. These were the first fully double deck Electric Multiple Unit passenger trains in the world.
Each power-car carried electrical equipment from different manufacturers for evaluation purposes: C3801 (Mitsubishi), 3802 (Toshiba), 3803 (Hitachi) and 3804 (English Electric). Set S10 proved unreliable and the single-deck "Sputnik" C3701-series power-cars often deputised for Tulloch power cars out of service. In 1977, it was decided to disband the set to convert them to trailers. C3801 was converted to T4797 in 1980 and C3803 became T4799 in 1982. Conversion of C3802 to T4798 was started at Elcar Workshops, but never finished and it was later scrapped. C3804 is now preserved at the Rail Transport Museum, Thirlmere. It was withdrawn from service on 4 January 1980.
T4799 is the only surviving car to run with the 'R and S sets' after the scrapping of T4797 and T4798. T4799 is currently stored in western New South Wales with 12 or 13 other cars.
These trailers operated on the:
1972 Comeng power cars.
In 1972, the first Comeng-constructed stainless steel double deck power-cars entered service. These cars (C3805–3857) were loosely based on the recently introduced inter-urban cars, the V-Set. Their stainless-steel bodies were painted the standard "Tuscan red" to match the livery of the existing fleet. Cars C3844–3857 were delivered in the blue and white livery of the Public Transport Commission in the 1970s, and repainted to deep Indian red after 1976, before being paint-stripped to run in their original stainless steel finish in the early 1980s. They were initially marshalled into sets (from S11 onwards) with Tulloch trailers T4841, 4842, and 4845 to 4895, which had their passenger doors modified from manual to power operation. Internally, they had reversible seating with a light-tan upholstery, and a grey and off-white internal livery. Beclawat sliding windows were fitted to the upper and lower decks, with drop windows in the doors. The sliding windows were replaced with Hopper windows in the 1990s and internally they were repainted light grey with blue upholstered seating. These motor cars had tapered ends, which were fitted with destination boards in the 1990s. With the introduction of the Millennium Trains in 2002, several early Comeng power-cars were converted to non-driving trailers, with their pantographs removed, and renumbered T4701–4723.
1973 Comeng power and trailer cars.
In 1973, additional 54 Comeng power cars C3858 – 3911, and 56 Comeng trailer cars T4921 – 4962, were ordered to coincide with the opening of the Eastern suburbs railway line. These trailer cars were the first to be of stainless steel construction, and they had an extra row of seats on the top deck (and are thus distinguished by an extra single window at the centre of the car on both decks). Ten driving trailers D4011 – 4020 were built with small driver's compartments for 2-car trains. However, they never saw service as driving cars due to Union bans. Subsequently, 25 driving trailer cars D4021 – 4045 (with large guard's compartments) were also built to be paired with a driving motor car to allow 2 car sets to be operated. Ten driving trailers were diesel hauled on South Coast suburban services, south of Thirroul, prior to electrification. Ten driving trailers, renumbered D4001 – 4010, were used for two car shuttles in the initial period after the electrification of the Richmond Line. These driving trailer cars subsequently had their driving equipment removed and were converted into standard non-driving trailer cars. Extended orders saw the Comeng double-deck fleet expanded to include power-cars C3912–3986 & 3741–3765, trailers T4963–4987 and driving trailers D4046–4095 by 1982. By 1976, one quarter of suburban cars were double deck. All the 1973 cars are now integrated with earlier stock and operate as L, R & S Sets. With the introduction of the Millennium Trains in 2002, several early Comeng power-cars were converted to non-driving trailers, with their pantographs removed, and renumbered T4701–4723.
1978 Goninan cars.
In the 1970s, Goninan and Co in Newcastle entered the passenger car construction market. In 1978, Goninan built 80 power cars C3001 – 3080 and 70 trailer cars T4101 – 4170. Unlike the Comeng cars the power cars had a flat front end and Pullman Standard fluting, and the upper deck passenger windows were set significantly lower than the earlier Comeng cars reducing passenger sight lines (a source of complaint from passengers). When the Eastern Suburbs Railway was opened in 1979, only stainless-steel Comeng or Goninan double deck cars were meant to operate on this line, but the painted Tulloch double-deck trailers were also used. In 1981, a brand new four-car Goninan set conveyed H.M. Queen Elizabeth II from Bankstown (which was declared a City by the Queen) to Martin Place. For this occasion the train was specially fitted out with carpets and other refinements. The set was targeted "R1" for the occasion. These cars continue to operate in 2007 as L, R and S sets. They are the youngest non-air conditioned passenger train in service in Sydney.
Two thirds of pre-1981 non-air conditioned rolling stock have been withdrawn from service since 2012 with the roll-out of 626 new A set Waratah carriages (78 sets) fully completed by June 2014. The final sets were scheduled to be withdrawn from service by 2015 but a few of the sets will be retained for the South West Rail link since no newer rollingstock or additional Waratah trains have been ordered yet. However in May 2014, NSW government ordered 520 new intercity carriages for NSWTranslink. This will enable OSCAR trains for suburban services and allow them to phase out all remaining S sets in service which will commence from 2019 onwards.
1981 Goninan power and trailer cars.
In 1981, Goninan built the first air-conditioned cars for the Sydney suburban network. Until then, Sydney had lagged somewhat behind other cities that had commenced the introduction of air-conditioned stock. In order to fit the air-conditioning equipment into the motor cars, the pantographs were moved to the trailers, effectively meaning that a motor car must remain semi-permanently coupled to a trailer car. Four driving trailer cars D4096–4099 were also ordered allowing 2 cars sets to be operated with power cars C3501–3504. The first 8 car set (R1) was delivered with air-conditioning, followed by 90 forced ventilation cars C3505–3549 & T4171–4215, during the delivery process for this order, C3550 and T4216 were delivered, fully fitted with air-conditioning. 
Following this, the next order, numbered from C3551 and T4217, were also fitted with forced-air ventilation, and were the first to be fitted with air-conditioning.
The first 100 cars had their upper deck windows at the unpopular lower height of the earlier Goninan cars, the final 60 were modified and these final 60 were distinguished by their front end being painted into the 'candy' white, orange and red State Rail livery of the time. The final batch (C3551-3580 & T4217-4246) also featured bright yellow internal walls. The forced ventilation cars were later retrofitted with air-conditioning, and the Beclawat sliding windows replaced by fixed panes in the late 1990s. Also at this time, the standard light grey internal livery was adopted, and the seats were replaced with blue upholstery. 160 of these cars were delivered until 1985, and continue to operate in 2011 as "K sets".
1985 Goninan cars.
In 1985, a new generation of advanced suburban passenger train was being considered by the State Rail Authority. There was a delay in the construction of these trains, and 56 interim stainless steel airconditioned cars, C3581–3608 and T4247–4274, were built by Goninan, known as the 'Chopper Cars' for their chopper control. These cars trialed several features of the soon-to-be-introduced next generation cars, such as fixed seating, door chimes and passenger address systems. They were originally fitted with a push-button feature, to enable passengers to open the doors manually, but this feature was short-lived. They retained the flat ends of the previous Goninan cars, but with the addition of a fibreglass moulded end piece which was originally white with orange and red stripes (the 'candy' State Rail livery). These ends were later painted grey with a lower yellow section which they retain to this day, and internally the standard grey livery and blue seat upholstery was applied. These cars continue to operate in 2011 as C sets.
1988 Tangara cars.
In 1988, the new generation train, called Tangara – an aboriginal word meaning "to go", was introduced. This train marked a radical departure from the previous double deck car design both in appearance and technically. The Tangara is the last publicly funded electric rolling stock built for CityRail – all future electric trains are being built and operated under public–private partnership agreements. A total of 450 T set cars were introduced between 1988 and 1994, allowing the withdrawal of the remaining single deck suburban passenger cars in 1993.
Eighty G set cars featuring toilets, high-backed reversible seating and passenger door opening controls were built between 1994 and 1996. These generally operated on outer-suburban runs, typically to Wollongong, Springwood and Gosford, though they also sometimes operated in suburban service. These outer-suburban sets allowed the retirement of the last remaining single-deck U Sets in 1996. One set, G7, was experimentally fitted with dual-voltage A/C traction. This set was extensively damaged in a derailment in January 2003 near Waterfall, and the set was scrapped after completion of the coronial inquiry into the accident.
In 2010 a refurbishment program began for all Tangaras, which were by then nearly 20 years old and showing signs of wear and tear. This work involved reupholstered seats, new flooring and handrails, relocated end saloon partitions and a complete internal repaint. Inter-car doors and handrails are repainted sunflower yellow, and the interiors share common fittings with the Millennium and OSCAR cars. The former outer-suburban G sets are gradually being retargetted to T sets from T101 onwards and the cars recoded from OD, ON and ONL to the suburban D & N codings, retaining the same 58xx and 68xx number series. The former ONL cars have had their toilet and water cooler removed and replaced with longitudinal seating, but without the luggage racks found elsewhere in these cars.
2002 Millennium cars.
From 2002, 140 "fourth generation" carriages were introduced, known as Millennium trains or M sets. These trains allowed the withdrawal of the 1960s-era Tulloch double-deck trailer cars. As these trains are maintained by EDI Rail at a facility at Eveleigh, they are essentially captive on Sector 2 (Inner West, Bankstown, East Hills, Liverpool & Campbelltown) services.
While the Millennium trains are suitable for division into four-car sets, they are normally kept coupled as eight-cars sets at all times.
2011 Waratah cars.
The Waratah cars (also called "A sets") are a forthcoming, double-decker, air-conditioned train based on the Millennium train, the order being for 78 sets of eight cars per train. The body shells are being constructed in China and completed at Newcastle by a joint venture between the NSW government, Downer EDI Rail, and other companies under a public–private partnership, with delivery between 2011 and 2014. The first set went into regular service on 1 July 2011 on the Macarthur–East Hills–Airport line with the last set delivered by mid-2014.
Inter-urban passenger cars.
Electrification of the trunk railways out of Sydney began in the 1950s and required the introduction of electric passenger stock with toilets and increased levels of amenity.
Single-deck intercity cars (withdrawn).
"Main article:" U set
The initial 80 electric interurban passenger cars (40 "CF" power cars 5001–5040, 20 "TF" trailer cars 6001–6020 and 20 "ETB" trailer cars 6021–6040) were introduced from 1958 to coincide with the electrification of the Blue Mountains Line to Bowenfels. These trains were similar in external appearance to the single deck steel suburban cars but were slightly narrower (for 2+2 across seating), built of unpainted stainless steel and corridor connectors between the cars. These trains carried a 'U' target plate, and became affectionately known as 'U Boats'. They featured First and Second Class accommodation until 1974, when they became "one class". First Class (in the ETB trailers) was identifiable by blue covered seats (as opposed to green seats in second class), carpet on the floor and ashtrays in the smoking section. Their operational sphere spread from Lithgow/ Bowenfels and Gosford to include Port Kembla, Dapto and Newcastle until their final demise in 1996. They have been used on many railfan tours since the 1960s, sometimes loco-hauled outside the electrified area. Three power cars and two trailer cars have been preserved by the "Sydney Electric Train Society". Other U-boat cars have been preserved privately, and many sold to private buyers for a variety of uses after withdrawal.
Double-deck inter-urban cars.
Introduced from 1970, these new double deck interurban cars actually predated the first full suburban double deck sets. Described at the time as the 'most luxurious commuter stock in the world', they set new benchmarks for passenger comfort in Sydney. Initial service was confined to the Main North Line until they were usable on the Blue Mountains Line after the Glenbrook tunnel was widened in 1975. They could proceed as far as Lithgow after the Lithgow tunnels were widened in 1979. Services began on the Illawarra line after electrification in 1985. Initially these sets carried 'U' target plates. The subsequent orders of double-deck cars carried 'V' plates to designate sets fitted with vacuum toilets. The original 1970 cars were not a success, and they were rebuilt into trailers to run with the later-series intercity cars in the early 1980s. These later cars can be identified by seating with plastic orange surrounds, and they lack a door between the passenger compartment and the small entry/exit area. The second series of the V-Sets (DCM/DM) commenced being phased out in early 2011, to be replaced by the Oscar. The rest of the V sets will begin to be phased out in 2021, with the replacement trains currently unknown.
OSCAR (outer-suburban CAR).
H sets (OSCARs, for outer-suburban CARs), were launched on 24 April 2006. The H sets were principally built to replace the G set Tangaras on outer-suburban services and the original order of V sets. They feature identical reversible seating to the new Hunter railcars, and one disabled toilet per four-car set, while the end compartments feature longitudinal seating and ceiling hand-grips making them broadly similar in design to the G sets. They run to Newcastle, Springwood and Kiama. Additional orders have been placed, and these new sets will lead to further replacement of some V sets. These cars are built by United Group Rail.
Diesel suburban/interurban passenger trains.
South Maitland Railways diesel railcars (withdrawn).
In 1961, three self-propelled diesel railcars were introduced by the South Maitland Railway (SMR), a private railway in the Hunter Region. These cars were built by Tulloch Limited of Rhodes, and were capable of running singly or in multiple-unit formation. Passenger capacity was for 80 people. Passenger service operated between Cessnock and Maitland, connecting with NSWGR services to Newcastle. Services operated until 1967, when SMR left the passenger rail business and the NSWGR assumed responsibility for a limited passenger service to Cessnock. The cars were sold and scrapped in 1976.
620/720-class diesel rail motors (Withdrawn).
18 two-car self-propelled diesel railcar sets were introduced between 1961 and 1968, constructed at the NSWGR workshops at Chullora. They were the final passenger railcars to be built by government workshops in NSW. They were based on the 600/700 and 900/950 class cars and were built for Newcastle suburban and regional workings, although they saw service on Wollongong services pre electrification, and rural service to Cowra, Mudgee, Grafton and Murwillumbah. Three sets were built with first and second class accommodation and were used for country services, the remainder were single-class only (originally designated second class). They have served the non-electrified and pre-electrified sections of the Sydney suburban and outer-suburban (interurban) passenger networks – they saw service on the Richmond Line until completion of electrification works in the 1990s. After the removal of many country services and the electrification of the Illawarra line in 1985 and the Richmond line in the 1990s, they saw service on the Far South Coast line and the Southern Highlands Line. At introduction, they were painted tuscan red. From the 1970s, some carried an Indian red livery. In 1980, some were painted in a reverse livery with yellow front ends. From 1982 the 'candy' livery of bright red, with orange, yellow and white trims was introduced system-wide and the 620/720 class were no exception. In the 1990s, they were repainted from 'candy' into a 'heritage' livery reminiscent of the former tuscan paint scheme, before adopting a grey and blue corporate CityRail livery in the 2000s. After the introduction of the Endeavour railcars in 1994, their numbers were reduced to seven two-car sets, and they were all withdrawn from service during 2007.
Several of these sets have been preserved, with 621/721 repainted into 1960s deep Indian red livery with buff lining by the Rail Motor Society. This set has already seen use on enthusiast tours. At least one other set is under restoration to original external and internal condition.
Endeavour railcars.
28 Endeavour railcars were introduced from 1994 to operate the non-electrified CityRail lines to replace the ageing DEB railcars and some of the 620/720-class railcars. They currently operate on the Southern Highlands Line, the Illawarra (South Coast) Line between Kiama and Nowra, the Bathurst Bullet on the Blue Mountains Line and the Hunter Line. They previously operated weekend service on the Moss Vale – Unanderra Line. They operate as two- or four-car sets. Several cars were converted into Xplorers, which they are technically identical to, when the Illawarra line was electrified between Dapto and Kiama in 2002
Hunter railcars.
In 2006, 14 Hunter railcars were ordered to replace the now withdrawn 620/720-class railcars. They are a new type of diesel multiple unit use on the Hunter Valley lines centred on Newcastle. The New Hunter Railcars are currently being built by United Goninan and are sharing Newcastle to Maitland, Telarah & Dungog suburban services with Endeavour railcars. The design is derived from the new generation Transwa Prospector, except that the lower top speed requirement for the Hunter line means that the driving cars are each single-engined instead of dual-engined.
Country passenger trains.
CPH ("Tin Hare") railmotors.
The CPH railmotors were introduced from 1923 to provide feeder service on country branch lines. They operated many branch line services in the south of the state until their widespread withdrawal in 1974. They also provided pre-electrification service on the Richmond line, late night Clyde – Carlingford shuttles, Sutherland – Waterfall on the Illawarra line and Pippita & State Abbatoirs line in suburban Sydney until they were officially withdrawn with the 27 November 1983 timetable. A handful of CPH rail motors worked Wollongong suburban services for some months afterwards. Many of these veteran rail motors are preserved and still operational.
Creamy Kate and Trailer (withdrawn).
After an accident at Bowning, in which several passenger cars were damaged, two underframes were salvaged. Around the two underframes, a two-engine railmotor and attendant trailer were constructed. The motor car was allocated number CHP38 and the trailer 81. It spent most of its days on branch lines out of Narrandera. Trailer 81 was ultimately rebuilt and renumbered FT551 and worked Sutherland to Waterfall shuttles with conventional CPH railmotors until electrification in July 1980.
Silver City Comet (withdrawn).
These self-propelled diesel passenger trains were introduced in 1937 and operated between Parkes and Broken Hill. During World War 2, they were also used on some intercity runs from Sydney to Canberra & Newcastle. Together with Victorian Railway's "Spirit Of Progress", it was the first air-conditioned train in the British Empire.
When introduced, it was originally painted silver, to reflect the harsh heat of the western plains. After World War 2, Silver City Comet sets were repainted in standard NSWGR tuscan & russet, then Indian red liveries. Prior to the 50th anniversary of the Silver City Comet in 1987, it reverted to the original silver livery. The Silver City Comets were withdrawn in 1989. The majority of the remaining Silver City Comet fleet has been preserved in static condition.
900/950-class diesel rail motors (withdrawn).
Ten 600/700 class diesel rail motor sets were introduced from 1949 to operate country passenger branch lines, the first such service being from Dubbo to Coonamble. From 1955 until 1990, air-conditioned 900 class trains, known as DEB sets, provided service to Canberra as the "Canberra- Monaro Express", replacing the steam hauled "Federal City Express". The DEB sets were also used on some South Coast and Southern Highland commuter services until they were replaced by Endeavour railcars in 1994.
XPT.
The XPT (express passenger train) is the mainstay of the NSW country passenger rail-network. Modelled on the British HST and introduced from 1982, they currently provide service to Melbourne, Brisbane, Dubbo, Grafton and Casino. XPT consists can vary between five and seven cars depending on demand. When the XPT entered service it was painted in a red, yellow, black, grey and stainless steel livery. The initial impact of the XPT's striking livery provided the inspiration for the "candy-stripe" livery to be applied to SRA locomotives and the interurban & country passenger car fleet from 1982. The first CountryLink repaint was gradually introduced in 1991, and was updated to a new CountryLink livery in 2008. Class leader XP2000 has appeared in a number of special liveries for Sydney 2000 Games and the 2001 Centenary of Federation. In the early 1990s, XAM Sleeping cars were added to the interstate XPT consists after protests arising from the cancellation of the loco-hauled sitting & sleeping car trains "Brisbane Limited" and "Pacific Coast MotoRail" in 1990.
Xplorer.
The Xplorer is a diesel self-propelled multiple unit train, introduced from 1993. They provide services to Canberra, Griffith, Moree, Armidale and Broken Hill. They are technically and mechanically similar to CityRail's Endeavour railcars, but with a buffet service and a higher standard of accommodation.
Codes.
Letters of passenger vehicles often have the following meanings:
Electric vehicles use the following letters:
Suburban EMU carriages use one letter codes.
Inter-urban EMU carriages use two or more codes.
Vehicles in a set often share a letter.

</doc>
<doc id="9627003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627003" title="Mariamne (daughter of Herod Agrippa)">
Mariamne (daughter of Herod Agrippa)

Mariamne (born 34) was a daughter of King Herod Agrippa I. She was betrothed by her father to Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes, first son of King Antiochus IV of Commagene, but this marriage had not yet been enacted upon her father's death. Her brother Agrippa II enacted the marriage once he had been made tetrarch in around 49/50. From which marriage was derived a daughter, whose name was Berenice.

</doc>
<doc id="9627011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627011" title="Dalkeith Thistle F.C.">
Dalkeith Thistle F.C.

Dalkeith Thistle Football Club are a Scottish junior football club from the town of Dalkeith, Midlothian. Formed in 1892, they presently compete in the East Region. 
They play their home matches at King's Park, which has room for roughly 2,000 spectators. Dalkeith Thistle's home strip (uniform) is black and gold. Their change strip (uniform) is navy blue and sky blue.

</doc>
<doc id="9627012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627012" title="Vitreous chamber">
Vitreous chamber

The vitreous chamber occupies the posterior of the eyeball by 4/5ths. This chamber of consists of the space between the lens and the retina, and is filled with a transparent gel called the vitreous humor. 
The vitreous chamber is also known as the postremal chamber or vitreous cavity.

</doc>
<doc id="9627018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627018" title="Marriage (film)">
Marriage (film)

Marriage () is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Antonio Petrucci. It consists of three segments, based on three stage plays by Anton Chekhov.

</doc>
<doc id="9627025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627025" title="Dark Empire (band)">
Dark Empire (band)

Dark Empire was a power metal/progressive death metal/thrash metal band.
History.
Dark Empire was created in the winter of early 2004 by Verona, New Jersey–based guitarist Matt Moliti.
In early 2005, the recording of their debut album, "Distant Tides", commenced. "Distant Tides" was released on April 25, 2006, and received numerous rave reviews from specialized publications. The album was picked up for its first official label release by Rock Machine Records in Brazil, and was remastered by renowned Finnish engineer Mikka Jussila (Children of Bodom, Stratovarius, Nightwish, etc.). Their sophomore release, "Humanity Dethroned", commenced recording in early 2008, and was released on May 5 of that year.
According to a post on Urban Breed's forum, both Andrew Atwood and Urban Breed are no longer in the band as of October 2010.
Dark Empire disbanded in July 2013.
Music.
Dark Empire plays a mix of power metal, progressive metal and thrash metal.

</doc>
<doc id="9627034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627034" title="Uptake signal sequence">
Uptake signal sequence

Uptake signal sequence (USS) are short DNA sequences preferentially taken up by competent bacteria belonging to the Pasteurellacea family ("e.g.", "Haemophilus influenzae"). Similar sequences, called DNA uptake sequence (DUS), are found in species belonging to the Neisseriaceae family (including "Neisseria meningitidis" and "Neisseria gonorrhoeae").

</doc>
<doc id="9627038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627038" title="Jane of Lantern Hill">
Jane of Lantern Hill

Jane of Lantern Hill is a novel by Canadian author L. M. Montgomery. The book was adapted into a 1990 telefilm, "Lantern Hill", by Sullivan Films, the producer of the highly popular "Anne of Green Gables" television miniseries and the television series "Road to Avonlea".
Introduction.
Montgomery began formulating an idea on May 11, 1936, began writing on August 21, and wrote the last chapter on February 3, 1937. She finished typing up the manuscript on February 25, as she could not hire a typist to do it for her. This novel was dedicated to "JL", her companion cat.
The novel was written at Montgomery's house, "Journey's End"; the environment influenced Montgomery's writing to create a positive setting for Jane in Toronto. The unusual episode in chapter 37 involving a lion was based on a similar incident Montgomery had been aware of that had occurred in Atlantic Canada several years before, which she detailed in a letter to GB MacMillan on February 23, 1938.
On April 17, 1939, she began working on a new Jane book, but the sequel was never completed.
Plot summary.
Jane Victoria Stuart, called Victoria by her family, lives in Toronto, Ontario, with her mother, grandmother, and aunt. Her grandmother is very strict and is jealous of anything that her daughter Robin (Jane's mother) loves. Jane does not like having to live with her grandmother and wishes she and her mother could escape, though she knows her mother will never have enough backbone to stand up to her grandmother and leave. Jane believes her father to be dead, but is eventually told he is alive and living far away on Prince Edward Island, her birthplace. Jane's only friend is Josephine Turner, Jody for short, an orphan who lives and works as a servant at the boardinghouse next door. Jane also likes to cook, but her grandmother will not allow her to practice.
One day, a letter from her estranged father arrives, asking that Jane stay with him for the summer on the Island. Jane is very reluctant about going, but one of her uncles says that it would be best if she went. Upon arriving at the island, Jane meets her Aunt Irene (her father's sister) and takes an instant dislike to her. The next morning, she meets her father for the first time and loves him from the start. The two buy a little house on Lantern Hill and Jane takes on the role of housekeeper. Jane soon becomes friends with all the neighbors, such as the Snowbeam family and the Jimmy Johns (so named to distinguish them from a James Garland and a John Garland who also live on the Island). Jane also gains self-possession and, upon her return to Toronto, is much less affected by her sour, disapproving grandmother.
Jane eagerly counts down the months until she can return to the Island the following summer and be reunited with her father and friends. Upon returning, she has many adventures, including finding a lion that had escaped from a circus and fearlessly locking it up in a barn. When Jody writes to say that she is about to be sent to an orphanage, Jane talks to the Titus ladies, a pair of sisters who want to adopt a child. Initially they say no, but after some consideration, they decide to adopt Jody. Upon her return to Toronto, Jane tells her the good news and Jody soon leaves for the Island, promising to see Jane in the summer. In the meantime, Jane finds out why her parents have separated. She discovers that her grandmother was against her parents' relationship from the start; when her mother returned home for a visit during a rough time in her parents' marriage, her grandmother convinced her to stay, then burned the letter Jane's father sent asking her to return home.
One day, Jane receives a letter from Aunt Irene saying that Jane's father is going to Boston, probably to get a divorce from her mother, and it is likely he will remarry. Jane is shocked by the news and sets out alone to see her father on the Island, over a thousand miles away. She uses her pocket-money to buy a train ticket, endures a sleepless journey of two days, then walks three miles from the station in the cold and wet to the house on Lantern Hill. Her father, astonished, assures her that he is not going to get a divorce or remarry; he is going to Boston to meet with publishers about a book of his that has been accepted. Jane then catches pneumonia and her father sends a telegram to her mother. Robin, ignoring her mother's command of staying in Toronto, goes to the island to be with Jane. Jane's father falls in love with her mother all over again on first sight, and when Jane awakens, her parents have reconciled. As the book ends, Jane is happily making plans for her reunited family who will spend half the year in Toronto and half on Lantern Hill.
Adaptations.
Television movies.
1990: "Lantern Hill" - Directed by Kevin Sullivan. Also translated into French and Japanese. Currently available as DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="9627042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627042" title="EHS 4D Group">
EHS 4D Group

EHS 4D Group is a direct marketing, data and digital communications group with over 300 staff based in London and Cirencester. Their main operations revolve around creativity, planning, campaign management, data, print production, digital media, digital technology, media and process enhancement.
"EHS 4D Group" is a part of the Euro RSCG 4D network, member of Euro RSCG Worldwide- the world’s fifth largest global agency, with 233 offices across the globe that specialise in advertising, marketing services, interactive, healthcare and corporate communications. Euro RSCG Worldwide is the largest unit of Havas, the world’s sixth largest communications group.
Corporate history.
"EHS 4D Group" was founded 22 years ago as Evans Hunt Scott: a specialist in direct marketing. In 2002, Brann Worldwide merged with Evans Hunt Scott to form "EHS Brann" and in 2005, "EHS Brann" merged with Euro RSCG digital specialist Euro RSCG Interaction, creating EHS Brann Digital. In early 2010 EHS Brann became EHS 4D Group, displaying an even higher level of integration between EHS and the Euro RSCG Worldwide network.
Evans Hunt Scott.
Evans Hunt Scott was founded in 1986 by Terry Hunt with David Evans and Ken Scott. Volkswagen, Polaroid and The Daily Telegraph were among the agency’s first clients. In 1990, after difficult trading in recession, Evans Hunt Scott was bought by Eurocom (later Havas). In 1995, EHS funded direct response media start-up, All Response Media, led by Andy Sloan and in 2000 merged with Real Time, a web design company, to create the UK’s first integrated direct-digital agency. In 2001 EHS was involved in another merger, this time with Brann Agency UK, creating Europe’s largest DM agency and inheriting Brann Data (the specialist data marketing agency) which was subsequently rebranded EHS Brann Discovery.
Brann Worldwide.
Christian Brann Limited was founded in 1967 and based in Cirencester. In 1987, due to ownership changes the company was renamed to Brann Direct Marketing. Subsequently in 1993, four directors lead a management buy out to make Brann Direct Marketing an independent company. In 1995, Brann Direct Marketing became Brann Limited, reaching 300 staff. By 1997, the company had grown to 700 staff and opened a London agency. In 1998, the company’s name was changed once again to Brann Worldwide and in 2000 became part of Havas.
Terry Hunt, Chairman.
Terry Hunt joined direct marketing agency Smith Bundy as a copywriter in 1978. After four years he left to become Creative Director of DDM Advertising. In December 1986, he set up the direct agency Evans Hunt Scott.
Under the creative direction of Terry Hunt and Ken Scott, Evans Hunt Scott earned over 100 UK and international direct marketing and advertising awards. In 1993 Terry was closely involved in the development and testing of the Tesco Clubcard, and was instrumental in the re-launch of the Clubcard programme during 1999.
In 1996, Terry was voted Agency Direct Marketer of the Year. He was elected a Fellow of the Institute of Direct Marketing in 1997 - the same year that Evans Hunt Scott was voted Campaign ‘Direct Marketing Agency of the Year’. In 2001 Terry led the merger of Evans Hunt Scott with digital design agency Real Time, to create a digital-data integrated agency (one of the first of its kind upon its inception). In 2002 he led the merger with Brann to create "EHS Brann", one of the biggest direct agencies in Europe. In 2004 he published "Scoring Points", the story of Tesco and its unique success in customer loyalty. The book was named as WH Smiths' Business Book of the Month in February of that year. In 2005 Terry was cited by Marketing Direct magazine as the UK's "most powerful" individual in the UK direct marketing industry.
Services.
As well as the direct marketing, the group houses the following units:
Euro RSCG 4D Digital.
A fully integrated 75 strong team of Digital specialists housed throughout a traditional agency structure. The company focuses on online advertising, email, viral and mobile marketing, eCRM, user experience research and testing, website design and development, tracking, application design, hosting and CMS design. Clients include Peugeot, COI, News International and Diageo.
EHS 4D Discovery.
Comprising a 70 strong team of database marketers, analysts and programmers,
EHS Brann Discovery is a provider of database services, analytics, data planning and consultancy. Clients include Mazda, Royal Mail and NCP.
All Response Media.
A media buying unit focused on planning and buying across DRTV, press space, loose inserts, online, door-to-door, cold lists and all other cost effective customer acquisition media. The company works with EHS 4D Group’s clients as well as their own.

</doc>
<doc id="9627043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627043" title="Edilemma">
Edilemma

Edilemma is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with one described species, which occurs in the State of Tocantins, Northern Brazil.
The female is about 5 mm long, the male slightly smaller.

</doc>
<doc id="9627046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627046" title="James Brougham">
James Brougham

James Brougham (16 January 1780 – 22 December 1833) was a British Whig politician.
Background.
Brougham was the second son of Henry Brougham and his wife Eleanor. She was the daughter of James Syme and the niece of William Robertson. His older brother was Henry Brougham, 1st Baron Brougham and Vaux, who served as Lord Chancellor, and one of his younger brothers was William Brougham, 2nd Baron Brougham and Vaux, who sat also in the Parliament of the United Kingdom as well as succeeded in the barony.
Career.
Brougham entered the British House of Commons in 1826, having been elected for Tregony. He represented the constituency until 1830 and sat then for Downton in the following year. In 1831, he was returned for Winchelsea. Afer a year the constituency was abolished and Brougham stood successfully for Kendal, which had been established by the Reform Act 1832. In the same year his brother Henry made him Registrar of Affidavits as well as Clerk of Letters Patent. Both offices were provided with a high salary and were executed by deputies. Brougham died already in the next year on Brougham Hall, unmarried and childless. His burial took place in Skelton, Cumbria and was only attended by his brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="9627050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627050" title="Dunbar United F.C.">
Dunbar United F.C.

Dunbar United Football Club are a Scottish Junior football club from the town of Dunbar, East Lothian. The club operates on a semi-professional basis. Dunbar United's home strip (uniform) is black and white stripes.
History.
Formed in 1925, they presently compete in the East Region. They play their home matches at New Countess Park, to which they moved in 2001. New Countess Park is within a sports centre and has a shared pavilion for Dunbar United and the local rugby union team, Dunbar RFC. There is room for around 2,500 spectators at New Countess Park.
The greatest achievement of Dunbar United was winning the Scottish Junior Cup in 1961. In more recent times though they have not been one of the stronger sides in the East Region, although they still have a healthier support than many of the other teams at the same level as them.
In May 2008, United appointed former Tranent Juniors boss Davie Lees as the new manager. Lees is a local man and was captain of the successful West Barns Star side of the late 1980s and early 1990s (then managed by former United President Ian Robertson), where he played alongside current United striker and club captain Geoff Jones. Lees will be assisted by Stuart Brown. 
Due to the excesses of previous seasons, Lees and Brown have found themselves working on a tight budget. This has led them to focus more on local talent than in previous years. Indeed, in recent games no fewer than 9 former Dunbar United Colts players have been named on Lees' teamsheet. This emphasis on local youngsters has helped to balance the books whilst also generating greater interest within the community.

</doc>
<doc id="9627061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627061" title="Asylum (1972 film)">
Asylum (1972 film)

Asylum (also known as House of Crazies in subsequent US releases) is a 1972 British horror film made by Amicus Productions. The film was directed by Roy Ward Baker, produced by Milton Subotsky, and scripted by Robert Bloch (who adapted four of his own short stories for the screenplay).
Baker had considerable experience as a director of horror films as he had tackled "Quatermass and The Pit", and "Scars of Dracula". Robert Bloch, who wrote the script for "Asylum" based on a series of his own short stories, was also the author of the novel "Psycho" which Hitchcock directed as a film.
It is a horror anthology film, one of several produced by Amicus during the 1960s and 1970s. Others were "Dr. Terror's House of Horrors", "Torture Garden", "Tales from the Crypt", "The House That Dripped Blood", "The Vault of Horror", and "From Beyond the Grave".
Shot in April 1972, the film was edited and set for release 15 weeks after the final day of shooting, premièring in July 1972 in the UK. The film had its North American début on 17 November 1972.
Plot.
Framing Story.
Dr Martin (Robert Powell) arrives at a secluded asylum "for the incurably insane" to be interviewed for a job by the wheelchair-bound, authoritarian Dr Lionel Rutherford (Patrick Magee). Rutherford explains that he owes his current incapacitation to an attack by an inmate.
Rutherford reveals his unorthodox plan to determine Martin's suitability for the post of chief doctor. One of the asylum's current inmates is Dr B. Starr, the former head of the asylum, who underwent a complete mental breakdown. Martin is to interview the inmates of the asylum to deduce which one is Dr Starr. If his choice is correct, Rutherford will "consider" him for the post.
The attendant Max Reynolds (Geoffrey Bayldon) admits Martin through the security door to the inmates' solitary confinement cells, where he interviews each in turn.
"Frozen Fear".
Bonnie (Barbara Parkins) recounts the plot to murder Ruth (Sylvia Syms), the wealthy wife of her lover Walter (Richard Todd). Ruth is a possessive heiress who studies voodoo. This results in horrific repercussions after Ruth's dead body has been dismembered and wrapped in individual parcels.
"The Weird Tailor".
Bruno (Barry Morse) recounts how poverty forced him to accept the unusual request of a Mr Smith (Peter Cushing) to produce an elaborate suit of clothing from a mysterious, scintillating fabric that can animate anything, including the dead.
After learning what the suit will be used for, Bruno fights Smith and accidentally kills him. He returns with the unsold suit. His wife Anna (Ann Firbank) dresses their store mannequin in the suit and its true powers are revealed.
This story was also adapted as an episode of the television series "Thriller". The Weird Tailor: Season 2 Episode 4 
"Lucy Comes To Stay".
The ebullient Barbara (Charlotte Rampling) informs Martin she has been in an asylum before. After her release from that facility, she was closely monitored at home by her brother George (James Villiers) and a nurse, Miss Higgins (Megs Jenkins). This frustrated existence is relived when her mischievous friend Lucy (Britt Ekland) comes to visit.
"Mannikins of Horror".
Martin interviews Dr. Byron (Herbert Lom), who holds Rutherford in contempt. Byron explains he is working towards soul transference with a small automaton whose head is a likeness of his own, showing Martin several earlier models. Byron plans to "will" his mannequin to life. He explains the interior of the robot is organic, a miniaturised version of his own viscera. Martin concludes his interview and Max shows him downstairs to deliver his judgment to Rutherford.
Epilogue.
Byron successfully brings his mannequin to life; it makes its way to Rutherford's office and kills him with a scalpel. Martin destroys the mannequin (which results in the death of Dr. Byron) and seeks help. Dr. Starr's true identity is revealed: it is "Max Reynolds," who has murdered the real Reynolds two days before. He then kills Martin.
Sometime later, a new candidate for the job arrives and is met by Dr. Starr, who escorts him into the asylum.
Critical reception.
Allmovie's review of the film was favourable: ""Asylum" is a textbook example of the skill that Amicus Productions showed for producing entertaining horror anthology films."
Box Office.
The film was one of Amicus' most popular movies at the UK box office. Despite this it was the last movie Robert Bloch wrote for the studio.
Soundtrack.
Though Douglas Gamley is credited as having composed the music for this film, the majority of the score is drawn from public domain pieces by Modest Mussorgsky. In particular "Night on Bald Mountain" (heard over the opening and closing credits). Selections from his "Pictures at an Exhibition" are also used – "Gnomus" is heard over both an early display of artworks depicting lunatics and past medical practices to deal with the insane, and during the sequence of Byron's mannequin coming to life and making its way downstairs. The booming crescendo of "The Hut on Hen's Legs" is heard over the sequence where the tailor's dummy is animated and rampages in Bruno's shop.
DVD Release.
After years of releases using degraded 16mm (for TV) and old theatrical 35mm prints, the film finally received a deluxe DVD release in 2006 from Dark Sky Films. The DVD provides extensive special features including an audio commentary by director Roy Ward Baker and cameraman Neil Binney, plus "Inside the Fear Factory" (a featurette about Hammer rival Amicus Films), cast and crew bios, liner notes, trailers and a still photo gallery. The film was remastered from a pristine 35mm print.

</doc>
<doc id="9627080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627080" title="Thunerseespiele">
Thunerseespiele

The Thunerseespiele are open-air musical productions during summer located at Thun, the main city of the famous Bernese Oberland, in Switzerland. Every year internationally-famous productions are staged.
The location is at the shoreline of Lake Thun (Thunersee). The stage is temporarily built every year over the water, especially for this production. The stage orientation allows the audience to see one of the most famous mountain panoramas with the Eiger, Mönch and Jungfrau mountain peaks rising over Switzerland in the background. Several eating areas provide an amenable atmosphere to spending summer nights in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="9627090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627090" title="Stith Thompson">
Stith Thompson

Stith Thompson (March 7, 1885 – January 13, 1976) was an American scholar of folklore. He is the "Thompson" of the Aarne-Thompson classification system, which indexes certain folktales by their structure and assigns them AT numbers. He also developed an alpha-decimal motif-index system (A~Z followed by numeral) for cataloging individual motifs.
Biography.
Early life.
Stith Thompson, born in Bloomfield, Nelson County, Kentucky, on March 7, 1885 as the son of John Warden and Eliza (McCluskey) Thompson moved with his family to Indianapolis at the age of twelve. He attended Butler University and obtained his BA degree from University of Wisconsin.
For the next two years he taught at Lincoln High School in Portland, Oregon, during which time he learned Norwegian from lumberjacks. He earned his master’s degree in English literature from the University of California, Berkeley in 1912.
Graduate education.
He studied at Harvard University from 1912 to 1914 under George Lyman Kittredge, writing the dissertation "European Borrowings and Parallels in North American Indian Tales," and earning his Ph.D. (The revised thesis was later published in 1919). This grew out of Kittredge's assignment, whose theme was investigating a certain tale called "The Blue Band", collected from the Chipewyan tribe in Saskatchewan may derive from contact with an analogous Scandinavian tale.
Post-graduate, tenure.
Thompson was English instructor at the University of Texas, Austin from 1914 to 1918, teaching composition. In 1921, he was appointed associate professor at the English Department of the Indiana University (Bloomington), which also had the responsibility of overseeing its composition program.
He collected and archived traditional ballads, tales, proverbs, aphorisms, riddles, etc. The parallels and worldwide distributions of these could be studied using his motif cataloguing apparatus. The first volume of his "Motif-Index" was printed in 1955.
He organized an informal quadrennial summertime "Institute of Folklore" beginning in 1942 which lasted beyond his retirement from tenure in 1956. In 1962, a permanent Institute of Folklore was established at Bloomington, with Richard Dorson serving as its administrator and chief editor of its journal publication.
In 1976, Thompson died at home of heart failure in Columbus, Indiana.
While Thompson wrote, co-wrote, or translated numerous books and articles on folklore, he became arguably best known for his work on the classification of motifs in folk tales. His six-volume "Motif-Index of Folk-Literature" (1955-1958) is considered the international key to traditional material.
Stith Thompson motif index.
Below is a crudely sampled list from the entire index.
Miscellanea.
Thompson's 1954 article for "The Filson Club Historical Quarterly" entitled "The Beauchamp Family" continues in use by genealogists .
In this article Thompson states that he is descended from a Costin Beauchamp (b.1738) from Somerset Co., Maryland which extends back to John Beauchamp one of the members of the Plymouth Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9627093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627093" title="Aggregate Industries">
Aggregate Industries

Aggregate Industries, a member of the Holcim Group, is an aggregates, construction and building materials group, with its base in the United Kingdom. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange until it was acquired by Holcim in 2005.
History.
The Company was originally established in 1858 when James and Joseph Ellis joined Breedon Everard to lease "Bardon Hill Quarries". The business, which became known as "Ellis & Everard", was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1988. In 1991 it merged with "Evered plc" to form "Evered Bardon"; the name was changed in 1993 to "Bardon Group". In 1997 it merged again, this time with "Camas", (formerly a division of English China Clays) to form "Aggregate Industries". In 1999 it entered into a series of major acquisitions in the United States. It was acquired by Holcim, a leading Swiss cement maker, in 2005.
Operations.
The Company is one of the ‘big five’ construction material suppliers in the UK. Complementing this are operations in the Channel Islands, and Norway.
UK.
Aggregate Industries UK is divided into the following businesses:
Controversy.
In November 2010 the company announced that it would not be paying its subcontractors in December of that year and that it hoped payments would resume in January 2011. The UK Road Haulage Association raised concerns over the non-payment with the British Government and strongly criticised the company for its treatment of its suppliers.
In September 2012 the GMB Union announced that it would ballot its members for strike action following the companies decision to change pay dates for its work force, delaying payment of salaries until later each month. Allan Black GMB National Officer for building materials said :
"GMB is in dispute with the Company following a history of total disregard of our member’s right to be consulted about major changes. Aggregate Industries has a track record of imposing not consulting, telling not asking and, in general, treating its loyal and committed employees with no dignity or respect
The latest example arises from the decision of Aggregate Industries to change the pay date for its UK workforce. This has caused chaos and potential financial hardship for low paid workers and could mean serious problems on issues like missed mortgage payments etc. This latest issue is the last straw.
So the decision by Aggregate Industries to change the pay date for their entire UK workforce without any consultation or adequate recompense is the demonstration of the contempt this Employer has for the views or wellbeing of its employees. All of the GMB members in Aggregate Industries have reacted furiously to this high handed and arbitrary action. The clamour for an official industrial action ballot has been universal and when confirmed by this consultative ballot will be carried out as speedily as possible by the GMB” 
A company spokesperson responded to the ballot call saying:
“Aggregate Industries operates in an industry which is facing severe trading conditions, with cuts in public expenditure affecting all areas of construction, particularly roads and major infrastructure projects.
“In order to try and improve and maintain its results and cash position and preserve as many jobs as possible for employees, the company has had to take several difficult steps, one of which is to delay the transfer date of salaries to its employees by a few days each month.”

</doc>
<doc id="9627101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627101" title="Adrian Mrowiec">
Adrian Mrowiec

Adrian Mrowiec (born 1 December 1983 in Wałbrzych) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for German club Chemnitzer FC.
Career.
Hearts.
Mrowiec joined Hearts on loan from FBK Kaunas in 2008 as a holding midfielder, he made his debut against Falkirk in a 2–1 away defeat.
Arka Gdynia.
In July 2009 he moved to Arka Gdynia in the Polish Ekstraklasa on a one-year loan.
Return To Hearts.
Mrowiec returned to Hearts for a trial spell in 2010 and he subsequently signed a three year contract. He left Hearts in May 2012 having not being offered a new contract.
Germany.
On the 18 May 2012, he joined German side RB Leipzig on two year contract. He was released by the club without making a league appearance and signed for Chemnitzer FC.

</doc>
<doc id="9627102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627102" title="Bettystown">
Bettystown

Bettystown (), previously known as Betaghstown transliterated to Beattystown/Bettystown, is a small, rapidly expanding, village in an area know as East Meath within County Meath, Ireland. Together with the neighbouring villages of Laytown and Mornington it comprises the census town of Laytown-Bettystown-Mornington with a combined population of 10889 at the 2011 Census.
During the boom years of the Celtic Tiger, with increasing property prices in Dublin, Bettystown expanded to cater for large numbers of commuters to Dublin. In 2007, it was announced that in revisions to Dáil Constituency boundaries for 2012, Bettystown and Laytown as far as the River Nanny would be ceded from the three-seat constituency of Meath East to the five-seat constituency of Louth.
Transport & communications.
The Dublin and Drogheda Railway line opened on 25 May 1844 with a station at Bettystown. However, this station was to close soon after in November 1847 and since then the village has been served by Laytown railway station also opened on the Dublin and Drogheda Railway line on 25 May 1844 (renamed as "Laytown & Bettystown" in 1913).
The opening of the M1 motorway between Dublin and Northern Ireland as well as the frequent rail service from Laytown to Dublin have made commuting a realistic option. Bus Éireann route 190 provides several daily services between Laytown and Drogheda via Bettystown and Mornington.
Amenities.
Bettystown contains three supermarkets, two pharmacies, several take away food outlets and restaurants, three pubs and the East Meath Credit Union. There are a number of local schools, both primary and secondary.
Education.
There are two primary schools in Laytown/Bettystown which follow a Catholic ethos. They are Scoil Oilibhear Naofa Junior School and Scoil an Spioraid Naomh Senior School. Scoil Oilibhear Naofa is a recently built state-of-the-art school and the Department of Education has plans for a complete redevelopment of Scoil an Spioraid Naomh.
There are also two multi-denominational schools outside the town that service East Meath and South Drogheda. They are Le Cheile Educate Together National School and Gaelscoil an Bhradain Feasa. These schools teach an ethical programme and a basic type of comparative religion. If parents want the children to have faith formation in any particular religion, they have to arrange that in after school classes.
A new secondary school (Colaiste na hInse) has been built in Laytown which services the East Meath area. 
Leisure facilities.
Leisure facilities in the Bettystown area include Funtasia, an amusement park, a tennis club and a golf course.
The resident professional at Laytown & Bettystown Golf Club is R. J. Browne who has been at the club for many decades. He has been coach to many players including Des Smyth and Darren Clarke.
The course par is 71 and course record is 64. The club celebrated 100 years in 2009. Several club members have been capped for Ireland: Declan Branigan, Des Smyth, Val Smyth and Robert Cannon.
Archaeological finds and myths.
On the beach at Bettystown, one of Ireland's most notable historical finds was made. In 1850 a peasant woman claimed to have found the Tara Brooch in a box buried in the sand. The Tara Brooch is now on display in the National Museum of Ireland in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="9627117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627117" title="Full Circle (Icehouse album)">
Full Circle (Icehouse album)

Full Circle is a 2CD collection of remixed tracks by Australian rock/synthpop band Icehouse released in December 1994 on Massive Records. It also features a variety of musicians including the Bangarra Dance Company, Elcho Island and guitar virtuoso, Buckethead who would later join Guns N' Roses. Disc 1 is subtitled "The Revolution Mixes" and disc 2 is "The Time & Motion Mixes"; tracks "Shakin' the Cage", "MLK" and "Dedicated to Glam" as well as an edited version of "The Great Southern Mix" had been released in June 1993 on the "Spin One" EP. "Desdemona" is a cover version of the John's Children single, composed by Marc Bolan.
Personnel.
Credited to:
All recording and mixing at General Dynamics, Trackdown Studios, Studio 301, FON Studios, Western Boulevarde.

</doc>
<doc id="9627127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627127" title="Teraburst">
Teraburst

Teraburst is a classic 'shoot-em-up' arcade game made by Konami in 1998.
Description.
The game is set in 2017. An invasion of UFOs has appeared and started to invade Earth. You are charged to blast the aliens back into outer space with a hand-held, recoiling machine gun, homing missiles and Napalm bombs. The game progresses through four stages of aliens.

</doc>
<doc id="9627130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627130" title="Likely McBrien">
Likely McBrien

Likely Herman "Like" McBrien OBE (7 December 1892 – 22 December 1956) was a leading Australian rules football administrator in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and a Victorian politician. 
Likely McBrien was born on 7 December 1892 in South Melbourne and educated at Middle Park Central School. In 1906 he commenced work as a messenger for "The Age" newspaper. He served in World War I in a clerical capacity and was based in London. Following his discharge from the services in 1917 he resumed work at The Age, becoming assistant circulation manager and advertising manager. In 1922–29 he was secretary of the Authorised News Agents' Association of Victoria.
On 16 July 1919 he married Madge Margaret Summers at St Luke's Anglican Church, South Melbourne. 
McBrien was an avid sportsman with a variety of interests. He played cricket and tennis, and later golf and bowls, and was a prominent rower. Australian rules football was the passion of his life. From 1909 to 1911 he was a player and treasurer of the Leopold Football Club (later the South Melbourne Football Club's second XVIII). He went on to a long career in football administration (see below).
He was a qualified accountant, and a fellow of the International Institute of Accountants and of the Institute of Commerce, England. In addition, he was a director of Disher & McBrien Pty Ltd.
Likely McBrien died of cerebral thrombosis on 22 December 1956 and was survived by his wife, daughter and son.
Public life.
McBrien held many public posts: chairman of the Edith Cavell Fund Trust, the Homes for Aged and Infirm Society, and the Yarra Bend National Park Trust; honorary treasurer of the Travellers' Aid Society and of the Victorian Anti-Sweating and Industrial Improvement League; executive-member of the Playgrounds and Recreation Association of Victoria; and trustee of the Heidelberg branch of the Returned Sailors', Soldiers' and Airmen's Imperial League of Australia.
Political career.
McBrien was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council in 1943 as an Independent member for the province of Melbourne North. He served as commissioner of public works and vice-president of the Board of Land and Works in Ian MacFarlan's short-lived ministry in 1945. One of his chief commitments was to campaign for the rehabilitation of returned servicemen. In 1949 he was defeated in the elections for the Legislative Council.
Football administration.
He was a committee-member of South Melbourne Football Club from 1912 and Secretary from 1922 to 1928.
He was VFL Secretary from 1929 to 1956. He was instrumental in the VFL buying its first head office, Harrison House, in Spring Street, Melbourne, in 1929. He played a leading role in negotiations with the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) Trustees, which led to the Finals being played at the MCG. He also campaigned strongly (but unsuccessfully) for the amalgamation of the VFL and the Victorian Football Association.
McBrien recruited other key administrators of the VFL, Eric McCutchan and Jack Hamilton.
Honours.
McBrien was appointed O.B.E. in 1950. He was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9627134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627134" title="Edinburgh United F.C.">
Edinburgh United F.C.

Edinburgh United Juniors F.C. is a Scottish Junior football club, formed in 1985. They presently compete in the East Region Premier Division and play their home games at Paties Road Recreation Ground in the Colinton area of the city. This ground holds around 2,500 spectators, 200 of whom can be seated in the fairly well developed stand at the site. Edinburgh United play in black and white strips and usually attract a home following somewhere between 50 and 100 spectators. 
Edinburgh United are the sole "Junior" club in Edinburgh, with all other "non-league" clubs either playing in the "senior" East of Scotland Football League or the new Lowland League.

</doc>
<doc id="9627139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627139" title="Spanish, Ontario">
Spanish, Ontario

Spanish is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario, located on Trans-Canada Highway 17 in the Algoma District near the border of the Sudbury District. Formerly known as the Township of Shedden, the municipality adopted its current status and name in 2004, taking the name of its largest community.
The Town of Spanish is situated at the mouth of the Spanish River where it empties into the North Channel of Lake Huron. This river and its ecologically rich delta have had a positive impact on the development of the community of Spanish. The river has played an important and continuous role in the local economy from the days of the fur trade, through the timbering era, and now contributes to the tourism industry.
History.
According to legend, the Spanish name was derived around the year 1750. Numerous persons have attempted to explain the rationale for the name "Spanish" in what was once historically part of New France. There are several different theories regarding the name of the community. According to local legends a French Jesuit Father was travelling in the area in the 1700s and encountered a Spanish speaking woman with children. The woman had been captured by local warriors in a battle in Spanish controlled lands far to the south in what is now the United States of America, and had been married to a local Ojibway chief, the family taking the name "Espaniel". Espaniel is a common surname among the local Ojibway communities. Another variant of the story has it that it was in fact a Spaniard who had fled the Spain-controlled lower Mississippi Valley during the fur trade days and had taken refuge along the North Shore and married into a local Ojibway community.
Other theories on the name of Spanish include a claim that Dr. J.J. Bigsby, a geologist with the Canadian Boundary Commission, named the river to contrast with the nearby French River. Further intrigue arises from the 1980 discovery of two Spanish coins
from 1742 found near the mouth of the Sauble River. This has led to speculation of very early Spanish-speaking explorers along the North Shore. The Spanish River has had numerous names since names were recorded. John McBean, HBC Factor at the La Cloche Trading Post recorded the name Eskimanetigon in his map of 1824. Elder Peter Owl of Sagamok states the name has traditionally been Minitegozibe. The Ministry has named a Provincial Park on the upper river The Spanish River Valley Minitegoibe Signature site.
Early settlement of the area gained momentum in the latter part of the 1800s with the completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway in February 1884, between Lake Nipissing and Algoma, now known as Algoma Mills. According to an article in the Ontario Gazetteer, by 1903–1904, the Spanish River Station (the railway designation for Spanish) had a population of approximately 200 with two timber companies operating in the vicinity: Huron Lumber Co. and Spanish River Co. W. H. Graham operated a general store, William Coget ran the hotel and the local blacksmith as well as the Postmaster was Gustavo Hamilton.
During the same year (1903–1904), the community of Spanish Mills, located on Aird Island in the North Channel just south of the Town of Spanish, also had a thriving timber industry complete with a sawmill, schoolhouse, and general store. The Sable and Spanish River Boom and Dam Co. and the Spanish River Lumber Company.
Residential Schools.
The Garnier School was originally a log cabin in Wikwemikong, Manitoulin Island from 1850–1911. It was a day school for Native boys. Father Proulx was the first priest. In 1860 the Jesuit Priests managed the school. The old school burned down and a new site was chosen, were purchased at the mouth of the Spanish River. Reverend Joseph Sauve and Father Paquin undertook to build, design and supervise construction. In the fall of 1913 the school commenced. Boys from as far as Manitoba and as close as Cutler (Serpent River First Nations) attended the school.
A shoe-maker shop and a pump house were built. Self-sufficient dormitories, classrooms, several lavatories, kitchen, a scullery, pantry, refrigerated area, corridors, offices, cloistered area, laundry room, infirmary, bakery and tailor shop were housed in the school. In 1981 a chapel was added. Near the school stood a wind mill powerhouse and shoe shop, a mill and a storage for milled products, a huge barn which held cows, several horse teams, a bull, a dairy operation and a blacksmith shop, a piggery and sheepery, a chicken coop and a garden. At the wharf was a cruiser named the Garnier and a vessel called Red Bug were tied up.
Likewise in Wikwemikong a Native School for girls was located. It was run by the Daughters of the Heart of Mary from 1862–1914. The log cabin burned down in 1916 and was relocated opposite the boy's school in Spanish. Both schools were funded by the Federal Government. The Indian Act stated that "Indians can attend a residential school if an Indian Day School is not available to them within a three mile (5 km) radius." Children from broken homes and where home conditions were not the best were also sent to be enrolled into the schools.
The Daughters of the Heart of Saint Mary was an organization formed by and idea from a young French woman who hoped for a life of religion to a woman whose responsibilities kept them in the world. This idea occurred to a Jesuit priest when the woman approached him during the French Revolution. The Society was founded in 1790 and was forced to go underground. The society came to Canada 100 years ago to work among the natives in Ontario. 
Until 1951 the school had only elementary grade classes. The entire school consisted of classrooms, dining rooms, chapel, dormitory, play rooms and other necessary accommodations. Their education consisted of all the elementary schooling as well as home economics, cooking, sewing and personal hygiene.
Enrollment for the school started to decrease due to the government legislation which encouraged the natives to integrate with the town's children by attending their co-existing schools. The residential schools also allowed the children from town to attend the school, as the area around Spanish was expanding.
In 1981 the building which was the former "Girls School" burned down and the "Boys School" was demolished in 2004. The shell of the "Girls School" still remains as a witness to history.
A book entitled Indian School Days was published in 1988 by Ojibway writer Basil H. Johnston chronicalling his experiences as a student at Garnier College.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Economy.
Forestry is the main industry of Spanish, employing 64% of the population. 
Spanish has two schools; Spanish Public School, located on the north side of town and École Ste-Anne located on the South.
The Spanish Public Library offers a variety of services for the local community and travelling tourists. The library has an extensive children's section, access to high speed internet, fax machine, photocopier, and a wide range of books and magazines. The Spanish Public Library also sponsors the annual Spanish Easter egg hunt, which takes place on the Saturday before Easter. 
The town is served by Highway 17, a branch of the Trans-Canada Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="9627156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627156" title="Leavin' Trunk/She Said, She Said">
Leavin' Trunk/She Said, She Said

"Leavin' Trunk/She Said, She Said" is a limited edition vinyl single by The Black Keys. It was released on the independent label, Isota Records - only 1000 hand-numbered copies were produced. The two songs were pressed onto a clear vinyl record, and the hand-printed slip cover included a photograph of a child with birds. The artwork was designed by Nat Russell.

</doc>
<doc id="9627157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627157" title="Abortion in El Salvador">
Abortion in El Salvador

Abortion in El Salvador is illegal. The law formerly permitted an abortion to be performed under some limited circumstances, but, in 1998, all exceptions were removed when a new abortion law went into effect.
History of Salvadoran abortion law.
El Salvador's 1956 Penal Code contained no explicit exception to its prohibition of abortion, although, under accepted principles of criminal law, one could be justified if necessary to preserve the life of the pregnant woman. In response to the fact that the practice of illegal abortion was common, and was a major contributor to the rate of maternal mortality, the Salvadoran government chose to expand the cases in which abortion was permitted.
Under the new Penal Code of 1973, an abortion could be legally allowed under three major conditions: if the pregnant woman's life was endangered and abortion was the only means to preserve it, if her pregnancy had resulted from rape or statutory rape, or if a serious congenital disorder was detected in the fetus. An abortion caused on part of the woman's negligence was exempted from prosecution, and the government also provided reduced penalties for a woman of good standing if she had consented to an illegal abortion, or self-induced one, in the interest of protecting her reputation.
Reform process and current law.
Proposals to eliminate the exceptions to the general prohibition against abortion started to come before the country's Legislative Assembly in 1992. One bill would have resulted in the investigation of medical clinics suspected of providing abortion; as a result of a 1993 study, overseen by a politician affiliated with the Christian Democratic Party, several health care workers were arrested. Another proposal in 1993, which was supported by the Archbishop of San Salvador and the Say Yes to Life Foundation (a pro-life group), would have made December 28, a traditional Roman Catholic feast day known as the Day of the Innocents, the "Day of the Unborn".
In 1997, the Nationalist Republican Alliance (ARENA) submitted a draft bill, designed to amend the Penal Code to withdraw all grounds under which abortion was then permitted. On April 25, 1997, the Legislative Assembly voted 61 out of 84 to approve this modification to the Code.
On April 20, 1998 the new Penal Code was enacted, removing the exceptions that had been instituted in 1973, including the provision for the pregnant woman's life. Under this Code, a person who performs an abortion with the woman's consent, or a woman who self-induces or consents to someone else inducing her abortion, can be imprisoned for two to eight years. A person who performs an abortion to which the woman has not consented can be sentenced to four to ten years in jail; if the person is a physician, pharmacist, or other health care worker, he or she is instead subject to between six to 12 years.
El Salvador also amended its Constitution in January 1999 to recognize human life from the moment of conception.
Objections to the law.
The organizations IPAS, MADRE, and Women's Link Worldwide submitted a report to the United Nations Human Rights Committee in which they contended that the El Salvadoran law against abortion violates several treaties that El Salvador has ratified: the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR); the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR); the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (CERD); the Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC); and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW).
They point out that "The Constitution of El Salvador protects every person’s right to life, liberty, security of person, and social justice. Furthermore it establishes that all persons are equal before the law and there can be no restrictions based on race, gender or religion. El Salvador’s criminal anti-abortion legislation violates all of these constitutional and human rights established in the previously mentions international conventions."
Continued practice of abortion in El Salvador.
Unsafe abortion is a serious public health problem and the second direct cause of maternal mortality in El Salvador. In 1994, the third-most-prevalent cause of mortality among adolescent girls was pregnancy and postpartum complications. Some of the girls arrested for trying to have abortions are as young as ten. It's a drain on resources in a country where health care expenditures in 1997 were $24 per person per year.
The criminalization of abortion has extremely serious consequences for women’s lives and health: abortions performed under dangerous conditions; high mortality and morbidity rates; and a lack of reliable studies that could help health services provide better care to their clients, including women who have had abortions in unsafe conditions. This situation is further exacerbated by the persecution of women by the Salvadoran justice and health systems. In some cases, therapeutic abortions are performed by physicians in medical settings, and justified as other procedures, e.g. a laparotomy (abdominal incision) rather than an abortion.
Abortion methods in El Salvador.
Doctors in El Salvador report that women seeking abortions use a wide variety of methods: clothes hangers, metal rods, high doses of contraceptives, fertilizers, gastritis remedies, soapy water, and caustic fluids (such as battery acid). The most common methods are pills, such as Cytotec and potassium permanganate (inserted vaginally); catheters to inject soapy water or caustic liquids; rods of any type of material to penetrate the uterus; injections of unknown solutions; or a combination of abortion methods, such as pills, a catheter, and an injection or pills and a metal rod.
Using pills, catheters, injections and rods can kill a woman or injure her permanently. In addition to having only dangerous methods at their disposal, the women being tried for abortion were forced to self-induce abortions in their homes, in unsanitary conditions or in clandestine clinics that could not guarantee adequate procedures. If complications arise due to the conditions in which the abortion was practiced, they are then at risk of being reported by hospital staff who treat the complications. All of this highlights the risk to life, health, security of person and liberty that terminating an unwanted pregnancy represents for young, low-income women in El Salvador.
Prosecutions.
A report in 2001 revealed that, after the new Penal Code went into effect in 1998, 69 cases of illegal abortions had been prosecuted. In 23 of those cases, the women involved had been turned over to the authorities by health care workers when they arrived at the hospital seeking treatment after an unsafe abortion. Most abortions had been self-induced, through the use of clothes hangers, or by the ingestion of harmful amounts of hormonal contraception pills, antacids, or misoprostol pills.
In an article published in the April 9, 2006 edition of the "New York Times Magazine", writer Jack Hitt explored the effect of 1998 Penal Code. The article was later discredited when it was revealed that a woman mentioned as having been sentenced to 30 years in prison for an abortion, Carmen Climaco, had been jailed for homicide of a full-term infant. In fact, Karina del Carmen Herrera Climaco had given birth at home and then began to bleed heavily. (The pregnancy was almost certainly unintentional, as it occurred after a tubal ligation.) Her mother called police to take her to hospital. While she was in hospital, police searched her home and found a lifeless infant. Medical examination failed to determine if the infant was born alive or dead, nor a cause of death. Nevertheless, a sentence of aggravated homicide was passed, separating her from her three children. Almost 8 years later, thanks to the efforts of a group of activists and national and international attorneys, Karina’s sentence was reviewed. It was annulled and she was released. She has not been compensated for her eight years of incarceration.
Another 30-year sentence was passed out for an apparent miscarriage, in August 2008, by the Tribunal of San Francisco Gotera in the department of Morazan. María Edis Hernández Méndez de Castro, 30, was a single mother with 4 children when she found out she was pregnant. Maria told her family that she was pregnant, even though she didn't know how far along the pregnancy was. During the pregnancy, Maria felt a pain and went to the bathroom in her home at which time she suffered labor complications and passed out. She regained consciousness in the National Hospital of San Francisco. The doctor that treated Maria reported her to the police on suspicion of having an abortion. She was convicted of aggravated homicide and sentenced to thirty years in prison. Two more cases of women sentenced to lengthy prison terms for what might have been abortions or miscarriages are detailed in the same report.
Medical harm.
The lack of contraceptive information and the ban on abortion put women's lives at risk, particularly when they are young. One-third of the women giving birth are 19 or younger, and a handful are 10 – 14 years old.
Case of "Beatriz".
In 2013, a case arose of a pregnant 22-year-old woman, identified as "Beatriz," who, due to lupus aggravated by loss of kidney function, was told by doctors that she would likely die if she gave birth and that the child, due to its anencephaly, would likely have only a few hours of life. Her doctors requested permission from the government to perform an abortion because the fetus was nonviable and Beatriz was likely to die. When the case came before the Supreme Court, the court denied Beatriz's request. She was given permission to have an early caesarean section, the same procedure that would have been used had the court ruled in her favor. Legally, this was not an abortion because the fetus was incubated and given fluids. The child died five hours after the procedure. Beatriz was able to recover and leave the hospital. The case was identified by reproductive rights activists as evidence of a lack of progress towards the goals of the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development, which affirmed reproductive rights as human rights and emphasized the importance of reducing maternal mortality.

</doc>
<doc id="9627199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627199" title="Turnsole">
Turnsole

Turnsole or folium was a dyestuff prepared from the annual plant "Chrozophora tinctoria".
History.
Turnsole became a mainstay of medieval manuscript illuminators starting with the development of the technique for extracting it in the thirteenth century, when it joined the vegetable-based woad and indigo in the illuminator's repertory. However, the queen of blue colorants was always the expensive lapis lazuli or its substitute azurite, ground to the finest powders. According to its method of preparation, turnsole produced a range of translucent colors from blue, through purple to red, according to its reaction to the acidity or alkalinity of its environment, in the chemical reaction, not understood in the Middle Ages, that is most familiar in the Litmus test.
"Folium" ("leaf"), was actually derived from the three-lobed fruit ("illustration"), not the leaves. In the early fifteenth century, Cennino Cennini, in his "Libro dell' Arte" gives a recipe "LXVIII: How you should tint paper turnsole color" and "LXXVI To paint a purple or turnsole drapery in fresco." Textiles soaked in the dye vat would be left in a close damp cellar in an atmosphere produced by pans of urine. It was not realized that the oxidizing urine was producing ammonia, but the technique reminds us how foul-smelling was the dyer's art.
The colorant was downgraded to a shading glaze and fell out of use in the illuminator's palette by the turn of the seventeenth century, with the easier availability of less fugitive mineral-derived blue pigments.
Turnsole was used as a food colorant, mentioned in "Du Fait de Cuisine" which suggests steeping it in milk. "The French Cook" by François Pierre La Varenne (London 1653) mentions turnsole grated in water with a little powder of Iris. 
Herbals indicated that the plant grows on sunny, well-drained Mediterranean slopes and called it "solsequium" ("sun-follower") from its habit of turning its flowers to face the sun; alternatively it might be called "Greater Verucaria"; early botanical works gave it synonyms of "Morella", "Heliotropium tricoccum" and "Croton tinctorium".

</doc>
<doc id="9627200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627200" title="The Singles (Icehouse album)">
The Singles (Icehouse album)

The Singles aka The Singles A sides... and selected B sides is a limited edition three-disc CD boxed set released by Australian rock/synthpop band Icehouse in February 1996 on dIVA Records / Massive Records in Germany and Australia; it was re-released in 1999 into the US market.
Track listing.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3

</doc>
<doc id="9627204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627204" title="Hethpool House, Kirknewton">
Hethpool House, Kirknewton

Hethpool House is an Edwardian house at Kirknewton, near Wooler, Northumberland which has Grade II listed building status. Built in 1919 on the site of a late 17th-century house which had been the seat of Admiral Lord Collingwood, it was improved in the Arts and crafts style in 1928 for Sir Arthur Munro Sutherland Bt. .
The grounds include the remains of an ancient pele tower, Hethpool Tower, which was a small fortified 14th-century tower house, and which is now a Scheduled Ancient Monument and Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="9627207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627207" title="Blanket party">
Blanket party

A blanket party is a form of corporal punishment or hazing conducted within a peer group, most frequently within the military or military academies. The victim (usually asleep in bed) is restrained by having a blanket flung over him and held down at the corners, while other members of the group strike him repeatedly with improvised flails, most often a sock or bath towel containing something solid, such as a bar of soap. Other weapons which could be used were entrenching tools or a bunk adapter (a piece of pipe used to connect a bunk bed to another). Blows to the head were avoided, as these would likely be fatal.
Kitchen scrub brushes were sometimes used, although these were more often employed during "G.I. scrubs" for soldiers with poor personal hygiene.
The blanket party became widely known within pop culture by its portrayal in the Stanley Kubrick movie "Full Metal Jacket". In the film, the members of a basic training platoon give a blanket party to Private Leonard Lawrence (nicknamed "Private Pyle", a reference to the 1960s U.S. television character Gomer Pyle) as retaliation for the group punishment given to the entire platoon as a result of Pyle's repeated inability to perform various tasks properly. After the beating, Private Cowboy tells Pyle to "remember, it's just a bad dream, fat boy." 
The use of blanket parties and other forms of corporal punishment are now illegal in the United States military.

</doc>
<doc id="9627217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627217" title="Dorothy Kilner">
Dorothy Kilner

Dorothy Kilner (pseudonyms M. P. and Mary Pelham, 1755–1836) was a prolific English writer of children's books during the late 18th century.
Life.
Dorothy was born on 17 February 1755, probably at Woodford, Essex. She was the youngest of five children of Thomas Kilner (1719–1804), public servant and landowner, and his wife, Frances, née Ayscough (1718–1768). The family moved to Maryland Point, then in Essex, in 1759. She was greatly inspired by a friendship that began in childhood with Mary Ann Maze (Mary Ann Kilner, 1753–1831). This involved exchanging copious verse letters on religious and personal matters. When Maze married Dorothy's brother Thomas Kilner (1750–1812) in 1774, Dorothy moved into their house in Spitalfields, London and helped to bring up their five children. Both Dorothy and Mary Ann became prolific writers of books for children. The family moved to Margate in 1787 and to Dorothy's father's house at Maryland Point in 1789. Predeceased by most of her family, Dorothy became an invalid after a back injury in 1817, and her mind became unhinged in her later years, but she was looked after by her niece Frances and her grand-niece Maria. She died on 5 February 1836 and was buried in West Ham.
Writings.
Dorothy Kilner published anonymously at first and then under the successive pseudonyms of M. P. and Mary Pelham, in line with general practice for female authors in that period. "M. P." may have referred to her home town of Maryland Point. Both she and her sister-in-law were published by the London firm of John Marshall.
Dorothy's most famous book was "The Life and Perambulation of a Mouse" (1784). Other titles included "Anecdotes of a Boarding School, or an antidote to the vices of those Establishments" (1790) and "Little Stories for Little Folks" (c. 1785). Kilner wrote clearly and well, but in an age when the moral element in children's literature was still dominant. So her book "The Village School" (1795) is subtitled "A Collection of Entertaining Histories for the Instruction and Amusement of All Good Children", and the stories feature a Mrs. Bell (the schoolteacher) and a Mr. Right (the parson). The book concludes: "From this fatal accident it is to be hoped, that every body will learn to be extremely cautious not to leave candles burning near linen, nor, indeed, any where, without constantly watching, that they may not do mischief." Nonetheless, her discernment of children's character and amusements shines through.
Copies of the books of Dorothy and Mary Ann were found long after their deaths in a trunk in their Maryland Point home. Several titles continued to be reprinted for many years. "The Life and Perambulation of a Mouse", for instance, reappeared in 1870 in a collection edited by Charlotte M. Yonge, entitled "A Storehouse of Stories".

</doc>
<doc id="9627220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627220" title="Carlos A. Petit">
Carlos A. Petit

Carlos A. Petit was one of the most prominent screenwriters in the Cinema of Argentina, writing for over 30 films between 1941 and 1984.
He wrote for acclaimed films such as Alma de bohemio (1949), A La Habana me voy and Con la música en el alma. (1951) and Las Apariencias engañan (1958)

</doc>
<doc id="9627231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627231" title="Mälartorget">
Mälartorget

Mälartorget () is a public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, named after its location on the western waterfront of the old town facing Lake Mälaren. Connected to the square are the streets and alleys Munkbrogatan, Schönfeldts Gränd, Tyska Brinken, and Lejonstedts Gränd, while the traffic route Munkbroleden separates its from the quay. The main exit of the Gamla stan metro station is located on Mälartorget.
History.
The square appears in historical records in 1866 and came into being in the mid 19th century as a by-product when a new harbour was created by land filling. Subsequently, it was originally used to unload agricultural products delivered to the city from around the Lake Mälaren region.
The location was historically known as "Flugmötet" ("Flies' Meeting") because all latrines produced in the city were emptied behind a wooden paling here before being rowed away by worn-out old women, often former inmates seeking solace in the bottle, during nights. The waste products were brought to a plant on Kungsholmen were it was transformed into a gunpowder component. Though the latrine heap was discontinued during the 1840s, and this latter name never was made explicitly official, it appears in a guidebook in 1844, and was proposed as an official name in 1921.
On the square is the bronze sculpture on a granite base: "Familjen" ("The Family") by Pye Engström from 1972-1973. The individual figures - a mother, a father, and a child - can be moved and rotated along tracks in the base. The sculpture is an enlarged copy of a piece first exhibited in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="9627235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627235" title="Pall Mall Restaurant">
Pall Mall Restaurant

The Pall Mall Restaurant was a hostelry situated at Number 1 Cockspur Street, Westminster, London, just off Pall Mall and near Trafalgar Square. The site was subsequently the offices of the White Star Line, and is now occupied by a Tex Mex restaurant, the Texas Embassy Cantina.
The Pall Mall restaurant is chiefly notable for being the place where the Rugby Football Union was founded on 26 January 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="9627253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627253" title="John Winneke">
John Winneke

John Spence Winneke AC, RFD, QC, RANR (born 19 March 1938) is a former judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria and the President of the Court of Appeals division of the Supreme Court of Victoria, which is the highest ranking court in the Australian State of Victoria.
Early life.
John Spence Winneke was born to Sir Henry Winneke who was Solicitor-General for the State of Victoria, Chief Justice of Victoria, and Governor of Victoria. John Winneke's grandfather Henry Winneke was a judge of the County Court of Victoria.
Winneke was educated at Scotch College and the University of Melbourne. When he completed his legal studies, he completed his articles with Josh Shaw of the law offices of Middleton McEarchern Shaw and Birch. He was admitted to practice as a solicitor on 1 March 1962. He was called to the Victorian Bar in 1962. He was appointed a QC in 1976.
Winneke was also an outstanding Australian Rules Football player, who was ruckman in Hawthorn's inaugural VFL Premiership side in 1961, playing a total of 50 games for the club.
Australian Defence Force.
Winneke was commissioned as a commander in the Royal Australian Navy. He was also appointed a Defence Force Magistrate and held an appointment as a Reviewing Officer under the Defence Force Discipline Act.
Noted cases.
In 1970, Winneke was counsel assisting William Kaye in the "abortion graft inquiry", which inquired into allegations of corruption involving members of the Victorian Homicide Squad. 
In 1981, he was appointed as a Royal Commissioner by the Commonwealth of Australia and the State of Victoria to inquire into the affairs of the Builders Labourers Federation.
He appeared as senior counsel for Mr and Mrs Chamberlain before Justice Morling in the Royal Commission into their convictions for the murder of their infant daughter. He appeared as counsel in the Royal Commission into the Westgate Bridge collapse, in the Derwent River Bridge Inquiry, and in the Housing Commission of Victoria Inquiry.
Judicial career.
Winneke was appointed on 7 June 1995 as a judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria and as the President of the Court of Appeals division of the Supreme Court of Victoria. He was appointed as the acting Chief Justice for a brief period in 2003. He retired from the bench on 15 July 2005.
Honours.
Winneke was awarded an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in 1999, and in 2004 was upgraded to the Companion of the Order of Australia (AC). Both were awarded for his significant contributions to the judiciary in Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="9627264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627264" title="Pearlescent coating">
Pearlescent coating

Pearlescent or nacreous coatings or pigments possess optical effects that not only serve decorative purposes (such as cosmetics, printed products, industrial coatings, or automotive paints), but also provide important functional roles, such as security printing or optical filters.

</doc>
<doc id="9627285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627285" title="No Promises (Icehouse album)">
No Promises (Icehouse album)

No Promises is a compilation album by Australian rock band, Icehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="9627300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627300" title="Roque Funes">
Roque Funes

Roque Funes (1 December 1897 - 15 June 1981 in Buenos Aires) was the most prolific Argentine cinematographer in the history of the Cinema of Argentina whose career spanned over 40 years of cinema.
He began working in cinematography in 1921 with director José A. Ferreyra in "La Gaucha", and worked extensively with Ferreyra on films that followed such as "Buenos Aires, ciudad de ensueño" (1922), "La Leyenda del puente inca" (1923) and "Odio serrano" (1924).
In 1939 he worked on "Bodas de sangre" and "Amor". Funes worked on "Capitán Veneno" in 1943 and "Albergue de mujeres" in 1946.
The successful "Con la música en el alma" was released in 1951 and he worked on the "Bárbara atómica" film in 1952. His last film was "Venus perseguida" before his retirement as a cinematographer in 1964.
He died on 15 June 1981 in Buenos Aires aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="9627303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627303" title="William McNairn Shaw">
William McNairn Shaw

William McNairn Shaw (1822 – December 30, 1868) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure. He represented Lanark South in the 1st Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1867 to 1868 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Ramsay Township, Upper Canada in 1822, the son of John Shaw. Shaw studied law with Daniel McMartin at Perth. He died in Perth in 1868.
His brother Alexander Shaw later served in the Canadian House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="9627307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627307" title="John Clark (footballer, born 1964)">
John Clark (footballer, born 1964)

John Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers. He scored for the club in the 1987 UEFA Cup Final, but was unable to prevent their defeat to IFK Göteborg of Sweden in that game.
Career.
Clark was born in Edinburgh and joined Dundee United in 1976 and began to play for the reserves as a forward where he scored over 100 goals. He made his debut in the 1982–83 and the 1986–87 season, Clark was covering for Paul Hegarty at centre half for a good part of the season, earning a starting role for much of the UEFA Cup run, and scored four goals on the way to the 1987 UEFA Cup Final, including the decisive header in the Camp Nou and his strike in the final at Tannadice as Dundee United lost 2–1 to Swedish side IFK Göteborg. Clark remained a regular in the Tannadice defence for the last 1980s and early 1990s and after making 330 appearances for Dundee United scoring 37 goals he moved on English club Stoke City in January 1994.
Clark made a poor start to his Stoke career as he struggled in his debut against Barnsley in a 3–0 defeat. His performances in 1993–94 didn't improve a great deal and he ended the season with 12 appearances. In 1994–95 Clark played in six matches and scored his only goal for Stoke which came in a 2–0 victory over Cesena in the Anglo-Italian Cup. When Lou Macari replaced Joe Jordan as manager in September 1994 Clark returned to Scotland with Falkirk, later playing for Dunfermline before winding up his senior career with Berwick Rangers. Clark then moved into lower league football with Gala Fairydean where he became player-manager, before becoming manager with Whitehill Welfare in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9627311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627311" title="Reprographics (webcomic)">
Reprographics (webcomic)

Reprographics is a photocomic posted on the website of Christopher R. Yates, a sculptor and toy maker from Boulder, Colorado. Reprographics started out as a semi-biographical comic detailing Chris's life as he worked in an art supply store in the copy shop (hence the name, Reprographics). However, in the first comic, the large copier (The OCE) started talking. Fans accept that the events taking place in the comic are not necessarily true to life, but the tagline of the comic is still "The Tremendously exciting life of Chris Yates in Photo Vision!"
The comic ended its run on April 21, 2007. However, it returned October 5, 2007 as "Reprographics 2".
The comic.
in 2000, Chris Yates started a website as part of his senior project at the Rhode Island School of Design. Later on, the site became a showcase for Chris's art projects and a way for him to display and sell some of those pieces [http://www.chrisyates.net/store/puzz.html[http://www.chrisyates.net/terraforms.html]. On a whim in early 2005, he started taking pictures of himself at his day job at the local Art Superstore's Reprographics desk. Editing the pictures together to create a narrative, the comic known as Reprographics was born. 
The comic originally featured two characters, Chris himself and the OCE, the large copy machine that he worked on. Chris would carry on entire conversations with the OCE, at first thinking that he had gone a bit mental due to lack of caffeine, but later accepting OCE as a sentient entity.
Later in the comic, Chris would incorporate his friends and family into the story and then started creating characters to add to the Reprographics universe. The first, and most famous of his characters was Mensa the Menacer, leader of the notorious Supervillain Team Club. An evil genius with a vastly oversized brain, Mensa is Chris's best friend and has never been seen out of character in a Reprographics comic. Another addition to the cast came by way of The Visitors, small, one-eyed space creatures that Chris fashioned out of wood for a stop-motion film in 1998.
As time went on, Chris was able to take his camera to conventions, road trips and shows, incorporating his adventures into the comic as well. The comic has been running since January 2005 and is still updating three times a week. Reprographics is now part of the web-comics group Playground Ghosts, which features such comics as "Wondermark" and "Fluff in Brooklyn".
Since its creation, Reprographics has undergone some stylistic changes, moving away from the high-contrast blurs and monotone colors that had marked the early comics and progressing to more colorful surroundings, sharper images and more varied adventures. There has also been a shift from self-contained one-shot strips to a format that also allows for longer story arcs [http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=173. Since the Reprographics universe has grown, it is possible to have entire strips without Chris in them, allowing the readers to see what kinds of things happen the other characters on a day-to-day basis Chris has also used the comic as a way to educate his readers about some of his favorite artists [http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=283.
Characters.
Inanimate Objects.
Several of the Reprographics characters are props that are given dialog.
Educational Strips.
Chris has used the Reprographics strip to entertain as well as educate his readers, taking time off from simple gags and super villains to talk about various sculptors that have inspired him, (i.e. during Sculpture Week)[http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=283, [http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=286 and other things that are seemingly not as relevant to his art, such as the metric system [http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=164]. 
Other strips take the readers on the road and show off some of the random road-side attractions around America's heartland, such as the Twine Ball of Cawker City, Kansasand some strange signs posted around Amarillo, Texas[http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=245.
Politics.
Reprographics has refrained from making political statements with only two notable exceptions. The first was when Chris read about some teenaged girls being threatened with legal action in Ravenna, OhioThe teens had hung large boxes around Ravenna's city center that were decorated to resemble the question-mark power-up blocks from the popular Super Mario Brothers video games. City authorities viewed this as a potential threat, fearing that the boxes might contain bombs, and the teenagers received national news attention while the city decided whether the law had been broken. In solidarity with the teens, Chris hung some Mario Blocks of his own over a creek in Boulder [http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=255. 
The second was made on July 17, 2006 [http://www.chrisyates.net/reprographics/index.php?page=312] when Mensa the Menacer was discussing his confidence that his evil aspirations for global domination and carnage would not hurt his run for political office in 2008. 
Reprographics 2.
On April 21, Chris posted what seemed to be the last episode of Reprographics. This one tells in textual format the conclusion of the "Mensa and the Giant axle" storyline. Nine days later it was revealed that the comic would be on hiatus for six months, returning in October 2007, at which point it would be named "Reprographics 2: Electric Boogaloo". 
During "The Great Intermission", Chris ran daily updates of various things he had made over the years (i.e. artwork, sculpture, videos, music) to keep his readers entertained until the comic resumed.
On October 5, 2007, Reprographics 2 began, and has been running since then, with updates on the Monday, Wednesday, and Friday of every week.

</doc>
<doc id="9627315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627315" title="Shyam Vatika">
Shyam Vatika

The largest indoor mural measures and was painted by six artists from 27 February 2005 to 5 March 2005 at Shyam Vatika, Saraswati Estate, Cimmco Tiraha, Gwalior, India. The painting was co-ordinated by a professional mural artist, Aasutosh Panigrahi, and the owner of the place, R P Maheshwary and Ankur Maheshwary.
The art features on all interior walls and ceilings of a privately owned Auditorium, Shyam Vatika, which is used for Banquet purposes. The art as said was intentionally done to break a previously held record.
In August 2005 the art was appraised by Guinness World Records as the World's Largest Indoor Mural.
The six artists led by Aasutosh Panigrahi broke a previously held Australian record of . The previous largest indoor mural measured and was made at Youth Club, Bernie, Tasmania, Australia on 30 June 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9627319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627319" title="Mike Fitzpatrick (footballer)">
Mike Fitzpatrick (footballer)

Michael "Mike" Fitzpatrick (born 28 January 1953) is an Australian businessman, sporting administrator and former Australian rules footballer. 
He is the current chairman of the Australian Football League having succeeded Ron Evans in the position in 2007. He has been an AFL commissioner since 2003.
Football career.
He made his debut in the West Australian National Football League with Subiaco in 1970 and in 1973 was a member of Subiaco's first premiership in 49 years and won his first of two consecutive best and fairest awards. He mainly played the key position of ruckman.
He managed to combine his football with engineering studies at the University of Western Australia and in 1975 he was awarded a two-year Rhodes Scholarship to attend St. John's College Oxford, where he was involved in the Oxford University Australian Rules Football Club. He also signed to play with the Carlton Football Club in the then Victorian Football League, but only managed a handful of games in these years. However, by 1979 he was fully committed to football and managed to win the Carlton best and fairest award in a premiership year. He was then named captain of Carlton in 1980 and led "The Blues" to consecutive premierships in 1981 and 1982.
He represented both Western Australia and Victoria in state representative football and was captain of the 1982 VFL Team of the Year.
Business career.
At the end of the 1983 season he surprisingly retired from football and established a career working as an adviser in the John Cain government's Victorian Treasury Department.
His career then took him to New York where he worked for International Investment Banks - Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse First Boston.
In 1994, he set up "Hastings Funds Management", a successful superannuations funds company of which 51 per cent was sold to the Westpac Bank in 2002.
He is a current board member of the:
Among other positions held he:
Legacy.
The AFL Players Association each year awards several AFLPA Mike Fitzpatrick Scholarships to assist young football players financially to achieve excellence in both the education and football fields.

</doc>
<doc id="9627326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627326" title="Pieter Brattinga">
Pieter Brattinga

Pieter Brattinga (January 31, 1931, Hilversum – July 8, 2004, Kootwijk) was a Dutch graphic designer.
From 1951 until 1974 he was director of design at Steendrukkerij De Jong & Co in Hilversum.
Between 1960 and 1964 he was professor and chairman at the visual communications faculty at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York.
He and Dick Dooijes wrote the book 'History of the Dutch Poster 1890–1960' (1968)
Prizes.
1998 - Grafische Cultuurprijs

</doc>
<doc id="9627329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627329" title="Yves Gagnon">
Yves Gagnon

Yves M. Gagnon (born 1947) is a Canadian diplomat and businessman. During his career at the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade, he was the ambassador to Morocco, Venezuela and the Dominican Republic, and Argentina and Paraguay.
Early life and family.
Gagnon was born in Saint-Urbain, Quebec in 1947. He was the fourth of ten children of Georges-Henri Gagnon (1920–2009) and Alma Tremblay (born 1919). His father served in World War II and was later an inventor, builder, professor, and sculptor. His mother was a professor and entrepreneur. She also served on Canada's National Advisor Board on Social Affairs, the board of Baie-Comeau's Regional Hospital, and Forestville's Local Center for Social Service.
Education.
Gagnon studied political science and economics at Laval University in Quebec City. He attended graduate school at the National Management School in Paris, France.
Career.
Early in his career, Gagnon was an assistant to Gérard Pelletier and Lucien Bouchard.
From 1988 to 1991, Gagnon was Vice President of the Petro-Canada International Assistance Corporation.
He served as ambassador from Canada to Venezuela and the Dominican Republic from 1995 to 1998, ambassador from Canada to Morocco from 2001 to 2004, and ambassador from Canada to Argentina and Paraguay from 2004 to 2007.
Throughout his career in the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade, Gagnon also worked in Guatemala and France. He also served as the department's director of the Media Relation Office for four years. 
Gagnon represented Canada at the Bureau of International Expositions.
He was a member of the Board of Directors for the Canada-USA Fulbright Foundation and of the Association for the Export of Canadian Books. He was the Chairperson of three bi-national Chambers of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="9627330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627330" title="Salome I">
Salome I

Salome I was the sister of Herod the Great and the mother of Berenice by her husband Costobarus, governor of Idumea. 
Upon the death of Herod the Great in 4 BCE, she was given a toparchy including the cities of Jabneh, Ashdod, Phasaelis, and 5000 drachmae. The Roman emperor Augustus supplemented this with a royal habitation at Ashkelon. While nominally queen of these areas, they were ultimately subject to the Judaean prefect.
Berenice's children were Herodias, Herod Agrippa I, king of Judea, Herod of Chalcis and Aristobulus Minor, and Mariamne III (who may have been the first wife of her uncle, Herod Archelaus, ethnarch of Judea).

</doc>
<doc id="9627333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627333" title="Tennent's Vital">
Tennent's Vital

Tennent's Vital is an annual music festival in Northern Ireland. It was first held near Botanic Gardens in 2002 then later moved to Ormeau Park in 2007, both of these venues were in Belfast. The festival had taken a noticeable undesired hiatus between 2008–2010 and is to return in August 2011 at Ward Park in Bangor due to success of Ward Park as a venue for Snow Patrol's homecoming gig in 2010 which drew in an estimate crowd of 40,000. Sponsored by C&C Group plc and MCD Productions it has been confirmed that the festival is set to return in 2012 and 2013. Notable headliners throughout the years have included Kasabian, The Killers, Snow Patrol, Kaiser Chiefs, Kings of Leon, Franz Ferdinand, The White Stripes, Ash, The Streets, Primal Scream and Eminem.
History.
2014.
On 21 March 2014 Tennents Vital released an official statement confirming the festival would return in summer 2014. On 25 March, organisers confired via their official website, Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat that The Killers would headline the first day of the festival supported by Bastille. This will be The Killer's second time headlining the event following a headlining set in 2007, while Bastille are making their Tennents Vital debut this year. Sarah Shimmons, Beer Marketing Manager for Tennent's NI, said: "We're very excited to announce the first two artists for Tennent's Vital 2014 today. The Killers are undoubtedly one of the biggest bands in the world with a global reputation for their amazing live shows. They'll be joined on the bill by Bastille, who have enjoyed massive breakthrough success in the past year and are one of the most exciting new acts around right now. Tennent's Vital brings top international and homegrown talent to the heart of Belfast and since its return in 2011, it has well and truly cemented its place as a highlight of Northern Ireland's music calendar. We're delighted that our partners at MCD have once again secured some incredible acts for the Tennent's Vital bill."
The festival will return to a two-day event on 21 and 24 August, with organisers stating: "We'll return to a two day event. Last year we added a surprise third day but this was a one-off to bring Avicii to Belfast." The presale for the festival's "followers" began on 29 March, with a password being released via Facebook. Tickets for the first date were sent to general release on 31 March, at a price of £49.50. Despite previous rumours that the festival would return to Bangor's Ward Park, the 2014 event will be held in Boucher Road Playing Fields, Belfast for the third time. Around 20,000 tickets became available for each day. On 27 April, Tennents Vital announced that the second day of the event would be announced within 24 hours. However on 28 April, Ticketmaster Ireland accidentally released the event to their page before quickly deleting it again ahead of the official announcement. It was confirmed that David Guetta would headline a second day on 24 August, supported by Steve Angello with Shimmons stating, "We’re thrilled to announce a huge dance act for Tennent’s Vital 2014 - we got such a fantastic response from Tennent’s Vital fans when we introduced a dance night last year, we had to do it again for 2014 / David Guetta and Steve Angello are two of the biggest acts in the world and we’re delighted that our partners MCD have managed to secure them to play Tennent’s Vital over the bank holiday weekend on Sunday, August 24 / We’re thrilled to be able to bring some of the finest global talent to Belfast for Tennent’s Vital and with acts like David Guetta, Steve Angello as well as The Killers and Bastille on the bill, this year’s festival is sure to be pretty incredible." The 2014 event marks the first time the festival hasn't been held on consecutive days. Tickets for the second day are also priced at £49.50, with a pre-sale being held on 30 April and general sale commencing on 2 May. More support acts are expected to be confirmed by June.
2013.
On 9 April, Vital officially announced its return, playing at the Boucher Road Playing fields again. The first act announced were Kings Of Leon, and on 11 June The Vaccines were announced as the main support act for the first day. On 13 May, Snow Patrol were announced along with singer/songwriter Foy Vance and Irish upstarts Kodaline, the following the Jason Mraz was added to the bill. On 11 June, Vital announced its first ever 3 day festival, with Avicii, Tinie Tempah, Rudemental and Tommy Trash playing on the 3rd day.
2012.
On 8 February, Vital announced that they would be running "Tennent's Untapped", a platform to give rising bands an opportunity to make themselves known, with the winners securing a set on the Main Stage of the 2012 Vital concert.
On 5 March, Tennents Vital confirmed via Facebook that the lineup for its 2012 concert would be revealed live on Tuesday 20 March at its live launch party at a secret location, and also via its official website. On 16 March via their official Facebook page, Tennents Vital announced that the venue for the 2012 concert had been moved from Ward Park Bangor, to Boucher Playing Fields, Belfast. On 20 March, The Stone Roses and Florence and the Machine were confirmed to be playing Wednesday 22 August, as confirmed via the official Tennents Vital Facebook page. The Foo Fighters and the Black Keys were also announced through MCD's official site. The Stone Roses leaked their announcement early via their Twitter page.
2011.
BBC News reported that MCD Productions paid previous debt in April while requesting for permission for future events at Ormeau Park suggesting a strong possibility that Tennent's Vital would be back. This previous debt was due to gaining permissions to hold the concerts in 2010.
It was later announced on 12 May 2011 that Tennent's Vital will be held on 23 and 24 August in Ward Park, Bangor despite rumours of it being held in Ormeau Park. The official line up is due to be announced on Wednesday 25 May.
An advertising campaign began immediately. Power hosed advertisements appeared outside University of Ulster Belfast and Queen's University Belfast while Translink Metro services where used for regular advertisements with online banners on selected music related websites.
On 25 May Eminem was formally announced to headline on 24 August. The remainder of the line up; both for support and the other day have yet to be announced.
Script and Two Door Cinema Club were confirmed as headliners for Day 1 of Tennents Vital(23 August). On 16 June, Vital confirmed on Facebook that Ellie Goulding and The Wombats will also be on the bill of Day 1.
2007.
Moving Tennent's Vital to Ormeau Park allowed for the event to grow. Razorlight headlined the main stage on Tuesday 21 August while The Killers headlined on Wednesday 22nd. There was a combined audience of 45,000 across two days. BBC Northern Ireland featured the events live on air. The weather during the festival was fitting and there was no reports of serious crime except noise pollution calls within the nearby student housing area after the festival ended.
2002.
2002 was the first year of Tennents Vital and was located nearby Queens University Belfast's PEC centre beside Belfast Botanic Gardens.
Organisation.
Since its conception in 2002 the festival has been organised by MCD Productions and sponsored by C&C Group's Tennents cider brand. With the exception of technical and security staff, there are voluntary opportunities for most positions at Tennents Vital. Stewards are organised by charity Oxfam, which receives a donation in return for their work. Catering, and some retail services, are provided by various small companies, typically mobile catering vans. Significant logistical operations take place to bring people into the festival by public transport each year. In addition to extensive private coach hire by festival goers, Translink implements additional bus and rail services to meet the increased demand.

</doc>
<doc id="9627337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627337" title="Arasi (TV series)">
Arasi (TV series)

The Tamil tele-serial "Arasi" (spelt "Arase" on the title card) is the sequel to "Selvi", the previous offering from Radaan Mediaworks in the 9.30-10 PM timeslot. This teleserial continues the unfinished storylines from "Selvi", while introducing new characters and plots, mainly revolving around the titular character, Senthamizharase (played by Raadhika Sarathkumar in a dual role, since she also reprises her role as Selvi from the prequel). It is a very popular serial in Tamil Nadu especially among the women and children and always has an average TRP of 2.5 and is the most liked serial for the millions of SUN TV viewers in India and also in foreign countries. This serial was dubbed in Telugu and was Broadcast in Gemini TV as "Jhansi".
Storyline.
In "Selvi", an unforeseen turn of events forces the title character, Selvi, to marry the husband of her best friend Thamarai (played by Saritha) while the latter was comatose. Thamarai was understandably furious when she recovered from her coma to find that not only had Selvi married her husband, but also gave birth to his daughter, Kaveri.
Unfortunately, Thamarai failed to see what a ruthless and manipulative her husband Jaydev, or GJ (played by Venu Arvind) really was, believing his lies instead of the truth Selvi kept trying to tell her. The former best friends became sworn enemies. GJ entered into a scheme producing duplicate medical drugs, leading to the death of more than a hundred people. Since the business was registered in Thamarai's name, she was arrested and only then came to realize the truth - how GJ had manipulated Selvi into marrying him for the sake of his and Thamarai's children. Upon overhearing GJ's plan to get rid of Thamarai and remarry the villainous Maya, Thamarai committed suicide in prison, but not before writing a letter to Selvi, in which she apologizes to Selvi and asks her to look after her children. At the start of "Arase", Selvi has more than a conquest for justice for her dead best friend on her plate. She is devastated to learn that Yogeswaran, who she believed to be her father, in fact adopted her, and her biological mother, Senthamizharase, is still alive. Senthamizharase, the exact image of Selvi, is however not keen on meeting her illegitimate daughter since she is now a respected police superintendent and married to a retired judge with two children of their own. GJ meanwhile wants Selvi to come over to his side in the investigation, especially when the people he was working for turn out to be members of a ruthless criminal organization. GJ will stop at nothing, even using his own daughter's affections to gain a path to Selvi.
Meanwhile, Arase will go to any lengths to keep the shame of her past secret from her loving family. But when her husband, Judge Karthigeyan (played by Sivachandran) is placed in charge of the inquiry commission, there is no way he will not miss meeting Selvi and discover the truth.
During the 50th episode, Arase's husband, Karthigeyan meets Selvi during investigations, although he doesn't reveal to Selvi that he is Arase's husband or to Arase that he has seen her daughter. He starts acting strangely and upon his return to Mumbai, presents Arase with a photo of Selvi as her birthday present. By this he conveys to Arase that he has met Selvi and knows her secret. A worried Arase summons her mother, Chandramadhi to Mumbai. Will Arase and Chandramadhi succeed in keeping Selvi's existence a secret from her family? It seems as though they will fail when Selvi is mistakenly kidnapped in lieu of Arase by Gangarich prostitute who has political background is arrested in a brave way by Senthamizarasi who has sworn revenge on Arase. Ganga tries to take revenge on Arase by making her brother to love Kalaiarasi of Senthamizarasi. Meanwhile Senthamizarasi rescues Mahima younger sister and the entire family makes a move to Chennai. Arase tries to investigate Mahima in a rash manner which is not liked by Selvi. Yogeswaran who adopts Selvi goes to Karthigeyan and complains about Arase and Karthigeyan scolds her. But Arase is not convinced. Meanwhile Madhuyounger sister is fond of his lover Narayanan whose profession is to sell all women in redlight areas in Mumbai. Madhu thinks Narayanan is innocent. He is the one who sent Mahima to Mumbai. Madhu tells to Mahima that she is leaving for Mumbai but Mahima opposes this. She pleads her not to leave to Mumbai but Madhu does not listen to her. The next day Inspector Vasanthi calls Madhu on her cellphone and tells her to be alert. She catches hold of Narayanan and in the investigation he reveals all shocking facts. Madhu is shocked to listen this and she apologizes to everyone. On the other hand GJ tries to take the advantage of Arase's daughter-in-law's weakness of stealing things whatever she finds. On The other hand Ganga sends a lady to kill Mahima in Chennai, because she does not want the witness for the case. That lady goes and acts as a sweeper there. On the day Mahima goes to Mumbai as the witness with Guru they go to see Arase first. When Mahima and Guru come out the lady brutally murders Mahima. The police present their try to catch her but in vain. Mahima dies. Selvi's adopted Mother abuses her saying that her biological mother has killed Mahima. Selvi revenges on Arase and goes to her house and tells this entire truth before everyone that Arase is Selvi's mother and everyone gets shocked. Soon after Kalaiarasi falls in love with Kannan (Ganga's brother) not knowing that he's faking his illness and is ust acting as though he loves her. On the other hand Senthamizarasi receives information that the group behind the death of 143 people (criminals that GJ is working for) are going to murder Selvi. In the attempt to rescue Selvi Senthamizarasi arrests her for the death of 143 people due to false medication. Yogeswaran humiliates Arase's husband, Karthigeyan about this. It causes conflict between him and Arase. Karthigeyan soon breaks the case and Selvi is let out of jail. He accepts Selvi as his daughter and takes Selvi home with him. Arase does not let Selvi in the house therefore Karthigeyan and Selvi live as father and daughter in Karthigeyan's new house. On the other hand Arase's son Udhay finds out about Kalaiarasi's and Kannan's relationship and it causes great commotion but Kalaiarasi's and Kannan's wedding is fixed. It's at this point that Senthamizarasi finds out Kannan is Ganga's brother. She stops the marriage and warns Kalai that Kannan really doesn't love her but she doesn't listen and therefore runs away with Kannan. Arase tries to use her police influence to track down Kannan and Kalai. At the point where there's police trying to track then down Kalai decides to go to her father for help but when, they go to her fathers house she finds out that her father Karthigeyan had left Chennai for a couple of days due to his work. Kalai threatens Selvi that f she tells Senthamizarasi her and Kannan would suicide at that very moment. Selvi is therefore forced to not tell Arase about the how Kalai and Kannan are with her but she immediately informs Karthigeyan the news. In the morning Arase through Inspector Vasanthi finds out that Kalai and Kannan spent the night with Selvi. She is furious with Selvi and goes to Selvi's house to bring Kalai home but she's to late because Kalai and Kannan escape without the knowledge of Selvi. Arase is outraged with Selvi and thinks that Selvi is taking revenge on her. On the other hand Ganga gets Kannan married to Kalaiarasi. Kalai shortly discovers that Kannan had lied to her that he had no other family apart from his sister Ganga. And in fact that both his parents, other sister Manga, brother were still alive. This soon comes to the knowledge of Arase but she takes no action on this matter. When Selvi is aware of this with the help of Uday she dresses up as Arasi and attempts to rescue Kalai but in vain!During episode 500, the director has changed to R.balaji yadav. Karthigeyan brother's family come and stays at arasi's house and his brother Saravanan marries Thilaga who killed kartigeyan during episode 300. The reason he married thilaga is to take revenge on her due to the brother's death. the rest of the story continues on.
The serial concludes with Kaveri's wedding, as Selvi's father Vishwanathan gets shot by Arasi and everyone is living peacefully now.radikaa started a new serial titled 'Chellamey".

</doc>
<doc id="9627342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627342" title="J. P. Struthers">
J. P. Struthers

John Paterson Struthers (1851–1915) was a Scottish preacher, pastor and children's author. He was a native of Glasgow, born there on 8 April 1851. His parents were devout members of the United Original Secession Church at the time, although in 1865 they joined the Reformed Presbyterian Church. They dedicated their son John to the ministry, a dedication he solemnly accepted for himself.
He was educated at the High School and the University of Glasgow, where he won many prizes, including two gold and two silver medals. He graduated M.A. in 1873.
Struthers studied theology at the Divinity Hall of Glasgow University and the Free Church College, Glasgow. He won Dr. John Caird's Special Prize for Sermon Composition at the University Divinity School.
He was licensed to preach by the Reformed Presbyterians on 8 May 1876 and on 1 November 1878 he was ordained minister over the Reformed Presbyterian congregation at Whithorn, Wigtownshire. There he redecorated the church and manse. After a three year pastorate at Whithorn, Struthers was called to the pastorate of the Reformed Presbyterian Church at Greenock, where he was inducted on 25 January 1882. He spent the rest of his life as the minister there.
Theologically Struthers was a Reformed Presbyterian indeed, a staunch Calvinist and a lover of the "Westminster Shorter Catechism". His preaching was popular, and he emphasised the love of God for sinners in his sermons. This love of God, exemplified in Jesus Christ dying on the cross, was the centre of his ministry.
Struthers was instrumental in building a new church for the Greenock congregation. Built to his specifications, it still stands today.
In 1887 the Reformed Presbyterian Church decided to begin its own Sunday-School magazine. Struthers took the editorship and the little work, "The Morning Watch" began to be issued in 1888. It consisted of twelve pages, mostly written by Struthers and illustrated by a capable Greenock artist, Miss Annie Macdonald. The professional relationship of the bachelor minister and the unmarried artist grew into something deeper and they were married on May 20, 1907.
Although offered a D.D. by Glasgow, Struthers declined it, saying that it would look ridiculous for a children's magazine to be edited by a D.D. He was always a humble man and was content to be "The Children's Editor". The theologian James Denney said the "Morning Watch" was one of the hundred best books in the world. Today it offers a charming window into childhood in late Victorian and Edwardian Scotland.
J.P. Struthers died suddenly on January 17, 1915. It was a Sunday, and he suddenly collapsed while preaching his evening sermon, dying a few hours later.
His main published work is his beloved magazine, although his wife edited a volume of his sermons under the title "Windows in Heaven" (London, James Clark, 1926).

</doc>
<doc id="9627350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627350" title="Director General of Forests">
Director General of Forests

The Director General of Forests of India is the highest-ranking officer of the Indian Forest Service (IFS) in India. He/She is posted in the Central Government of India and generally selected from the senior-most PCCFs of the states of India. This officer of the IFS is equivalent to the Chief Secretary of a state or the Union Secretary in the Union Government, very senior IAS officers . He is also the Special Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Forests. Indian Government has only one post for the Director General of Forests. An officer posted at this level has completed about 35 years of service in the IFS. The Cabinet Secretary reviews his works and the developments in his department. He is such a senior officer that he is appointed by the President of the nation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9627354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627354" title="James Denney">
James Denney

James Denney, D.D. (1856-1917) was a Scottish theologian and preacher.
Early life.
Denney was born in Paisley, Scotland, 5 February 1856, to Cameronian (Reformed Presbyterian) parents. His father was a joiner and Cameronian deacon. In 1876 the family followed the majority of the Reformed Presbyterian Church of Scotland into union with the Free Church of Scotland.
He was educated at the Highlanders' Academy, Greenock, University of Glasgow, from 1874 to 1879 and then at Free Church College, Glasgow until 1883. He won the Moral Philosophy gold medal and Blackstone Prize while at Glasgow University. He was influenced greatly by Edward Caird and Richard Jebb and briefly became a student assistant to John Veitch.
Denney was an outstanding student at Free Church College, where he studied under Dr. George C.M. Douglas (Old Testament), Dr. T.M. Lindsay (Church History), Dr. James Candlish (Systematic Theology) and Dr Alexander Balmain Bruce (New Testament). Denney was greatly influenced by Professor Bruce in particular, adopting his system of apologetics. Denney said that Professor Bruce "let me see Jesus" rather than cluttering his lectures with abstruse points.
While still a student Denney published his first work, "Natural Law in the Spiritual World, by a Brother of the Natural Man". It was a trenchantly critical review of Henry Drummond's "Natural Law in the Spiritual World".
Ministry.
After university he turned to the Ministry. Denney was licensed to preach by the Presbytery of Greenock on 16 May 1883 and was appointed Missioner to the Hill Street Mission of St. John's (Free Church), Glasgow. In 1886 he was called to be pastor of the East Free Church, Broughty Ferry, where he succeeded his friend and mentor Professor Bruce. At Broughty Ferry Denney was a popular preacher who preached the Gospel to the common people. He married May Carmichael Brown on 1 July 1886. Their marriage was a happy one. According to William Robertson Nicoll, Denney, previously tempted away from the Evangelical and Reformed faith of his parents, was influenced to return in that direction by his wife's encouraging him to read sermons by C.H. Spurgeon.
Some of his expository sermons preached at Broughty Ferry were published in two volumes of "The Expositor's Bible", edited by W. Robertson Nicoll, "The Epistles to the Thessalonians" in 1892 and "The Second Epistle to the Corinthians" in 1894. (Amusingly, some copies of the commentary on the First Epistle to the Corinthians in a later edition of "The Expositor's Bible" have Denney's name on the covers. The book was in fact written, as the title page makes clear, by Marcus Dods).
In 1893 Denney was asked to deliver a series of theological lectures at Chicago Theological Seminary. These were published in 1894 under the title "Studies in Theology". Some of his statements on the nature of the Bible were objected to, but otherwise the book was recognised as an important work. Denney was also awarded the degree of Doctor of Divinity by the University of Chicago.
Academic career.
Denney was appointed Professor of Systematic Theology at his old alma mater, Free Church College Glasgow, in 1897, and spent the rest of his life teaching there. In 1900 he transferred to Professor Bruce's old Chair of New Testament Language and Literature, which he held until his death in 1917. In 1915 he was appointed principal of the college, the first former student of the institution to receive that honour. Denney became a close friend of the one-time Free Church minister and journalist Sir William Robertson Nicoll, to whose publications he contributed liberally dozens of articles. His wife died in 1907 and Denney felt the loss deeply, from which he never recovered, writing only two major works before his death in the summer of 1917 at the comparatively early age of 61.
Theological position.
Denney's greatest contribution to theological literature is in his robust defense of the penal character of the atonement. First expressed in his "Studies in Theology", it found its fullest expression in his 1902 work "The Death of Christ" (London, Hodder and Stoughton, often reprinted), and its follow-up (in later editions included as an appendix in "The Death of Christ"), "The Atonement and the Modern Mind". Denney insists that the death of Christ cannot be understood unless it is seen as a death for sin, as Christ bearing the penalty in the place of those he came to save. He strongly resisted any attempt to drive a wedge between the substitutionary and ethical aspects of the atonement. In his last book, published posthumously, "The Christian Doctrine of Reconciliation", Denney returned to the doctrine of the atonement, but this time, to the surprise of others, he modified his previous views, presenting a '"mellow" utterance on the great theme'.
Writings.
In addition to his academic oeuvre, he made dozens of contributions to journals and newspapers ranging from erudite theological journals to "The Morning Watch", a Sunday-school magazine edited by his friend J. P. Struthers.
Denney wrote other major works. As well as those already mentioned he contributed a commentary on the Greek Text of Romans to "The Expositor's Greek Testament" (edited by W. R. Nicoll, 1900). His "Jesus and the Gospel" (London, Hodder and Stoughton, 1908) is a careful piece of theological writing demonstrating that there is no disparity between Jesus' own teaching about himself as recorded in the Gospels and the view of Jesus exhibited in the New Testament Epistles. Several of his sermons were published in 1913 under the title "The Way Everlasting" (London, Hodder and Stoughton).

</doc>
<doc id="9627371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627371" title="Mariamne III">
Mariamne III

Mariamne III was a daughter of Aristobulus IV and Berenice. She had three brothers, Herod of Chalcis, Herod Agrippa I, and Aristobulus V, and one sister, Herodias. Aristobulus IV was the son of King Herod and Mariamne I, a Hasmonaean princess related to the renowned Judas Maccabaeus. 
Some time after the death of her father in 7 BCE, Mariamne III was betrothed to Antipater II, her uncle and the eldest son of King Herod. After Antipater's execution in 4 BCE, she may have been the first wife of another uncle, Herod Archelaus, ethnarch of Judea.

</doc>
<doc id="9627398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627398" title="1983 in Northern Ireland">
1983 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9627411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627411" title="Malayaketu">
Malayaketu

Malayaketu was the king of a kingdom in Punjab located between the Jhelum and the Chenab "(Greek: the Hydaspes and the Acesines)" and dominions extending to Hyphasis. Its capital may have been near the current city of Lahore. He was the grandson of brother of Porus', the king who confronted Alexander the Great in the Battle of the Hydaspes.

</doc>
<doc id="9627421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627421" title="Rocco Romano">
Rocco Romano

Rocco Romano (born January 23, 1963) CFL's DeMarco-Becket Memorial Trophy winner in 1994 & 1996 for the Calgary Stampeders; Awarded originally to the player selected as the outstanding lineman in the West Division. Inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2007. Born January 23, 1963 Hamilton, Ontario.
Played 14-seasons in the CFL, (ten of those with Calgary) and 5-time allstar as an offensive lineman. While in Calgary he won 2-Grey Cups, 1992 and 1998.
An alumnus of St. Ann's Catholic elementary and Cathedral High School and Concordia University in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="9627431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627431" title="Purogamana Kala Sahitya Sangham">
Purogamana Kala Sahitya Sangham

Purogamana Kala Sahitya Sangham (Progressive Arts & Literary Organisation) an Association for Art and Letters, also known as the PuKaSa, is an organization of artists, writers and art and literature enthusiasts based in Kerala. The association was formed on August 14, 1981, under the leadership of Malayalam poet Vyloppilli Sreedhara Menon. The origins of the PuKaSa can be traced back to the Deshabhimani Study Circle which existed in the 1970s, and before that to the Kerala Jeevatsahitya Sangham which was initiated in 1937 by a few left-leaning Congressmen, led by E. M. S. Namboodiripad.

</doc>
<doc id="9627437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627437" title="Siemens C72">
Siemens C72

The Siemens C72 is a cheap and easy to use mobile phone, based on the C65. It features a built-in camera capable of taking pictures in VGA resolution (640*480 pixels) but is not officially capable of recording videos (But there are tricks to do so, such as recording a MMS video and downloading it with a data cable).

</doc>
<doc id="9627438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627438" title="Daedeok Science Town">
Daedeok Science Town

Daedeok Innopolis, formerly known as Daedeok Science Town, is the research and development district in the Yuseong-gu district in Daejeon, South Korea. Daedeok Innopolis grew out of the research cluster established by President Park Chunghee in 1973 with the opening of the KAIST. Over 20 major research institutes and over 40 corporate research centers make up this science cluster. Over the last few years, a number of IT venture companies have sprung up in this region, which has a high concentration of Ph.Ds in the applied sciences. There are 232 research and educational institutions to be found in Daejeon, many in the Daedeok region, among them the Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute and the Korea Aerospace Research Institute. 
The Daedeok Innopolis logo was created by an industrial design company in Palo Alto, USA named INNO Design. 

</doc>
<doc id="9627444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627444" title="Pampas cat">
Pampas cat

The Pampas cat ("Leopardus pajeros") is a small cat native to Argentina, Chile, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, and possibly far southwestern Colombia. It is named after the pampas, but occurs in grassland, shrubland, and dry forest at elevations up to . 
It has traditionally been included in the colocolo ("L. colocolo"), but was split primarily based on differences in pelage colour/pattern and cranial measurements. The split is not supported by genetic work, leading some authorities to maintain it as a subspecies of the colocolo. Confusingly, when the colocolo includes the Pampas cat and Pantanal cat as subspecies, the "combined" species is sometimes referred to as the Pampas cat.
The Pampas cat is currently classified as "Near Threatened" in the IUCN Red List as habitat conversion and destruction may cause the population to decline in the future.
Pampas cats have not been studied much in the wild and little is known about their hunting habits. There have been reports of the cat hunting rodents and birds at night, and also hunting domestic poultry near farms.
Subspecies.
In 2005, "Mammal Species of the World" recognised five subspecies of the Pampas cat:
Based on two specimens, the subspecies "L. p. steinbachi" is larger and paler than "P. l. garleppi". However, this is labelled with uncertainty due to the very small sample, and some treat it as a synonym of "L. p. garleppi". Uncertainty also exists for the subspecies "L. p. budini", which appears to resemble "L. p. crespoi", and was described from lowlands of northwestern Argentina, but may actually be from humid forests in the region. Some recognise it, while other do not. Finally, populations in southern Chile and the southern half of Argentina, included in the nominate in the above list, have been recognised as the subspecies "L. p. crucinus" based on the large size (the largest Pampas cats) and dull pelage (third type, see "Description").
Habitat.
Despite being named after the Pampas, the Pampas cat occurs in a wide range of habitats. In northwestern Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, and Ecuador, it is found at altitudes between in "páramo", marginally also in" puna" and locally in dry forest. Where its range overlaps with the Andean mountain cat in northwestern Argentina, it occurs at lower altitudes on average. In central to northwestern Argentina, the Pampas cat is found at altitudes below in grassland, mesophytic and dry forest, and shrubland. In southern Argentina and far southern Chile, it is found in Patagonian steppes and shrubland at altitudes below .
Description.
The Pampas cat is a small, but heavy-set cat. There are significant geographical variations in its size; the body length ranges from and the relatively short tail is . Three main variants of its pelage occur, but all have two dark lines on each cheek:
Only the first type occurs in the north (around 20°S and northwards), and only the third type occurs in the far south (around 40°S and southwards). In between, the majority are of second type, but the first type has been recorded as far south as 29°S, and the third type as far north as 36°S. At latitudes where both the first and second type are found, the former tends to occur in highlands and the latter in lowlands.
Melanistic Pampas cats have been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="9627445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627445" title="Pantanal cat">
Pantanal cat

The Pantanal cat ("Leopardus braccatus") is a small feline of tropical South America. It is named after the Pantanal wetlands in central South America, but mainly occurs in grassland, shrubland, savannas and deciduous forests. It has traditionally been treated as a subspecies of the larger colocolo, but was split primarily based on differences in pelage colour/pattern and cranial measurements. This split is not supported by genetic work, leading some authorities to maintain that it is a subspecies of the colocolo, although others regard it as "likely distinct species", and the validity of the genetic work has been questioned.
Description.
Pantanal cats are small felines, roughly the size of a domestic cat. They have yellowish or brown fur with dark brown spots on the flanks, a whitish throat, two dark lines on each cheek, black stripes on the legs and chest, and black feet and tail-tip. The ears are large and pointed, with dark grey to black fur, and sometimes a pale marking on the posterior surface. There is a single report of a wild melanistic individual from Brazil, although this coat pattern has also been observed in some captive specimens.
Two subspecies can be identified on the basis of their coat pattern. "L. b. braccatus" is almost entirely rusty-brown with faint spots, continuous bands and a prominent black tip on the tail, and all-black feet. "L. b. munoai" is paler and more yellowish, has flank spots that are browner and more distinct, feet that are only black on the soles, and discontinuous rings and a narrow black tip on the tail.
The fur is generally longer on Pantanal cats than on other closely related species, although the crest of longer hair running down the back is less distinct. The claws are retractile and sharply curved.
Distribution and habitat.
Pantanal cats are found from sea level to in east-central Brazil, Uruguay, and neighbouring regions of central South America (Bolivia, Paraguay and Argentina). Within this region, they inhabit a range of habitats from open grassland to dense forest, although they are specifically named for the Pantanal wetlands of Brazil, Bolivia and Paraguay. It has also been reported from agricultural land, and therefore must have some limited tolerance for human disturbance.
When recognized as a species separate from the colocolo, there are two subspecies of the Pantanal cat:
Behaviour and diet.
Pantanal cats are diurnal and solitary, inhabiting home ranges of . They are carnivorous, feeding on small mammals, such as cavies, ground-dwelling birds, small lizards, and snakes. In most respects, they are believed to be similar in behaviour and biology to the colocolo. Hybrids between the Pantanal cat and oncilla are known from Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="9627467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627467" title="Scout badge">
Scout badge

Scout badges are worn on the uniforms of members of Scouting organisations across the world in order to signify membership and achievements. There is a great variety of badges, not only between the different national Scouting organisations, but within the programme sections, as well.
Almost all badges are now made from cloth and are sewn on to the uniform shirt. In general, there are four types of badges worn by members of Scouting

</doc>
<doc id="9627488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627488" title="Marcus Stewart">
Marcus Stewart

William Marcus Paul Stewart (born William Marcus Paul Tubbs) (born 7 November 1972), more commonly known as Marcus Stewart, is an English former footballer who played as a forward from 1991 until 2011. He is currently employed as the Development coach at Football League Two side Bristol Rovers.
Stewart played over 500 games and scored over 250 goals in his professional career and had notable spells in the Premier League for Ipswich Town and Sunderland, and was the Premier League's second highest goalscorer for the 2000–01 season. He also played for Bristol Rovers, Huddersfield Town, Bristol City, Preston North End, Yeovil Town and Exeter City.
Playing career.
Stewart signed for Bristol Rovers in 1991, where he played as a regular striker until 1996 when he signed for Huddersfield Town, the team that had beaten Bristol Rovers in the play-off final the season before. He was a great fan favourite at Huddersfield before being controversially sold to rivals Ipswich Town in the final run in at the end of the 1999–2000 season.
Ipswich were promoted to the Premier League at the end of the season ahead of Huddersfield due in no small part to Stewart's goals, with two crucially coming in the 2–2 draw at Bolton Wanderers in the Play-off semi-final away leg, and he then scored another in the Play-off Final itself. He continued his great form for the next season being the Premier League's second top goalscorer (and the division's highest English goalscorer) during 2000–01 with 19 goals for Ipswich, who finished fifth and qualified for the UEFA Cup and leading for many fans to call for him to be included in the England team. The following season saw Ipswich suffer a fall from grace that resulted in relegation, and although Stewart only notched up six league goals, he was still the team's OPTA player of the year for the second successive year.
Following Ipswich's fall from the Premier League, Stewart signed for Sunderland where he had three successful seasons. He played his last game for Sunderland on 8 May 2005, after a successful last season for the club which saw him score 17 goals. He departed Sunderland in good terms after deciding that he was too old to play to a Premiership standard.
He chose to sign for Bristol City, fulfilling his ambition to play for the team which he has supported since he was a boy despite beginning his career with City's neighbours and rivals Bristol Rovers. In March 2006, Stewart moved on-loan to Preston North End until the end of the 2005–06 season. After his return to Bristol he was publicly told by City's manager and chairman that he should seek another club, though he was not formally transfer-listed. In August 2006 he signed for Yeovil Town on a 3-month loan and scored a goal on his debut away at Swansea City. He signed a permanent deal with Yeovil in January 2007.
Stewart signed a deal with newly promoted League Two side Exeter City on 14 July 2008.
In February 2009 he was a shock contender to fill the vacant manager's position at Yeovil Town, possibly teaming up with ex-Carlisle United boss John Ward.
Stewart finished the 2008/2009 season scoring 7 goals for Exeter, taking his career tally to 249 goals, one short of 250. After Exeter's promotion to league one in May 2009, Stewart decided to hold his retirement plans and sign a new one year deal with the club.
He scored his 250th career goal in the League One game at Carlisle United on 22 August 2009.
Stewart retired from professional football in April 2011, his final appearance being as a substitute for Exeter in a 2–0 win against the first club of his career, Bristol Rovers.
Coaching career.
Stewart, already has been involved in some coaching duties as a senior player/coach role in his final two years at Exeter City. After retiring from his playing career, he worked full-time as a first team coach for Exeter.
In July 2012 he joined former club Bristol Rovers as a development coach

</doc>
<doc id="9627496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627496" title="Václav Fresl">
Václav Fresl

Václav Fresl (14 October 1868, Pelhřimov, Kingdom of Bohemia - 23 December 1915) was a Czech politician of the late-nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. He was a member of the Czech National Socialist Party from Pilsen/Plzeň and was a member of the Imperial Council in Vienna. Fresl was a close collaborator of Václav Klofáč and was infamous in Austrian parliamentary circles as a leader in the disruptions that often paralyzed the Austrian parliament. Fresl once kept the parliament from transacting its business by speaking for more than 13 hours straight, after which he had to be carried from the hall by supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="9627507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627507" title="Passerina (plant)">
Passerina (plant)

Passerina is a genus in the plant family Thymelaeaceae.
Overview and description.
Passerina L., Sp. Pl. 559 (1753); Wright in FC. 5, 2: 9 (1915); Thoday in Kew Bull. 1924: 146, 387 (1924). Chymococca Meissn., Wright 1.c. 14, is a genus of plants in the family Thymelaeaceae.
The "Passerina"s are ericoid shrublets or shrubs. Their leaves are markedly decussate and concave or closely involute, lined with woolly hairs, and clinging to leafy stems without being large enough to cover them. This gives the plants a characteristic plaited or corded appearance. The flowers are borne in terminal spikes or in a four-flowered head. They are subtended by bracts usually broader than leaves. The calyx is four-lobed, its tube flask-shaped or subcylindrical with spreading lobes that are shorter than the tube. There are no petals, but eight stamens of unequal length, the longest being the length of the calyx-lobes. The ovary is ovoid with a single loculus containing a solitary ovule. The style is lateral, bearing a mop-like stigma that fills the mouth of the calyx-tube. The fruit is enclosed in the persistent base of the calyx-tube. The usually is membranous, but some species, e.g. "Passerina ericoides" have a fleshy pericarp, forming a red berry attractive to birds and tortoises, hence one of its common names, "skilpadbessie", meaning "tortoise berry". However, that name also is applied to other plants, such as "Nylandtia spinosa". The seeds have a black, crustaceous testa and curved, beak-like micropyle. Like the related "Struthiola", the beak-like aspects of the fruit inspired the name ""Passerina"", which is from the Latin "passerinus", meaning "sparrow-like".
There are some forty species, mostly South African, though some extend north of the border. The greatest concentration of species is in Cape fynbos.

</doc>
<doc id="9627509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627509" title="1982 in Northern Ireland">
1982 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9627518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627518" title="Gorshani">
Gorshani

Gorchani () is a Baloch tribe in Balochistan, Sindh, and Punjab provinces of Pakistan. The Gorshani being one of the major tribe in Punjab Pakistan .
They extracted their name after the name of their ancestor, ,Mir Gorish Khan great grandson of Mir Jalal Khan (Father of Rind and Lashari) . In 1760, when Ahmad Shah Abdali, defeated Marhatta's, the areas of Harand and Dajal were given to Noori Naseer Khan Qalat, because he was with Ahmad Shah Abdali in this venture. In this Battle Gorshani also helped Noori Naseer Khan, so he maintained their regards given by Ahmad Shah Abdali to Gorshanis and also laided fort of Lal Garh in Harand.
The Gorshani tribe has 11 tribal clans which further divide in 81 sub clans. This tribe has a major tribal group:[bazgeer} Doodai Doodai Gorshanis are Shehkani, Shakhlani, Hotwani, Pitafi, Kasmani Khalilani 

</doc>
<doc id="9627564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627564" title="Teba Bank Limited">
Teba Bank Limited

Teba Bank Limited is a South African bank operating in the microfinance sector. Its main focus is in the mining sector and lower-income blue-collar worker.
Locations.
The bank's headquarters are located in Sunninghill, Gauteng, a suburb of Johannesburg, in the midst of other companies such as Acer, and PricewaterhouseCoopers (across the road) as well as Eskom and Unisys (with which it shares an office complex). Taba Bank is now uBank.
Its primary operations include operating branches in mining town and on mine premises.
Associations.
The bank is part of the larger TEBA group.

</doc>
<doc id="9627577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627577" title="Leaf rust (barley)">
Leaf rust (barley)

Leaf rust is a fungal disease of barley caused by "Puccinia hordei". It is also known as brown rust and it is the most important rust disease on barley.
Symptoms.
Pustules of leaf rust are small and circular, producing a mass of orange-brown powdery spores. They appear on the leaf sheaths and predominantly on the upper leaf surfaces. Heavily infected leaves die prematurely.
Crop losses.
Leaf rust of barley is considered a relatively minor disease in the United States. However, sporadic outbreaks have occurred in the southeastern and Midwestern regions of the country.
Pathotypes and host resistance.
Most of the barley cultivars grown in the United States are susceptible to "Puccinia hordei". 
Nineteen seedling resistance genes (i.e. "Rph"1 to "Rph"19) have been identified, but only three ("Rph"3, 7 and 9) have been deployed in commercial cutlivars worldwide.
In the United States, the "Rph"7 gene effectively controlled the disease for over twenty years. However, in 1993, pathotypes with virulence to the "Rph"7 resistance gene were identified in Virginia, California, and Pennsylvania.
Recently, the first simply inherited gene conferring adult plant resistance to leaf rust in barley was designated "Rph20".
"Rph20" originated from the two-rowed barley landrace "H. laevigatum" (i.e., "Hordeum vulgare" subsp. "vulgare"); parent of the Dutch cultivar 'Vada' (released in the 1950s).
To date there have been no reports of an "Rph20"-virulent pathotype.

</doc>
<doc id="9627580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627580" title="Saat Masjid">
Saat Masjid

Saat Masjid (; "Satgumbad Mosque" or "Seven Domed Mosque") was built in 17th century at the north west outskirt of Dhaka (in present-day Bangladesh).
History.
Accounting the stylistic patterns of the mosque, it is suggested that it was built sometime around 1680 AD. It was during the reign of the Subahdar of Bengal, Shaista Khan (r. 1664–1688). Now the mosque falls in Mohammadpur Thana region. A street, Saat Masjid Road, commemorates the name of the mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="9627595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627595" title="Isla Espíritu Santo">
Isla Espíritu Santo

Isla Espíritu Santo is an island in the Gulf of California, off the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. It is connected to Isla Partida by a narrow isthmus.
It has a land area of 80.763 km² (31.183 sq mi), the 12th-largest island in Mexico. Isla Partida's land area is 15.495 km² (5.983 sq mi). They are part of the Municipality of La Paz and are both a short boat trip from La Paz on the Baja California peninsula.
Biosphere.
The area is protected as part of the Área de Protección de Flora y Fauna - Islas del Golfo de California (APFF-IGC), and is an important eco-tourism destination. It was declared part of a Biosphere Reserve by the UNESCO in 1995. The islands are both uninhabited. Ensenada Grande beach, on Isla Partida, was voted the most beautiful beach in Mexico by "The Travel Magazine" and one of the top 12 beaches in the world. Sea kayaking is a popular activity around the island.

</doc>
<doc id="9627598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627598" title="Puccinia hordei">
Puccinia hordei

Puccinia hordei is a species of rust fungus. A plant pathogen, it can cause barley brown rust.

</doc>
<doc id="9627599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627599" title="Canton of Villeneuve-sur-Yonne">
Canton of Villeneuve-sur-Yonne

The canton of Villeneuve-sur-Yonne is a canton of France, located in the Yonne "département", in the Bourgogne "région". It has 8 communes.
Communes.
The communes of the canton of Villeneuve-sur-Yonne are:

</doc>
<doc id="9627610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627610" title="Isla Partida">
Isla Partida

Isla Partida is connected to Isla Espíritu Santo by a narrow isthmus. These two islands, in the Gulf of California, are protected by UNESCO as biospheres. They are located a short boat ride from La Paz, which lies on the Baja California Peninsula in Mexico. It has a land area of 15.495 km² (5.983 sq mi) and is part of the Municipality of La Paz in Baja California Sur.

</doc>
<doc id="9627617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627617" title="Aasutosh Panigrahi">
Aasutosh Panigrahi

Aasutosh Panigrahi 
Aasutosh Panigrahi is an artist and a Guinness World Record holder. He presently holds the record for World's Largest Indoor Mural. The award was acknowledged by Guinness World Records in August 2005.
The largest indoor mural measures 904 m² (9,731 ft²) and was painted by six artists from 27 February to 5 March 2005 at Shyam Vatika, Saraswati Estate, Cimmco Tiraha, Gwalior, India. The painting was co-ordinated by a professional mural artist (Aasutosh Panigrahi) and the owner of the place R P Maheshwary and Ankur Maheshwary.
The art features on all interior walls and ceilings of a privately owned Auditorium, Shyam Vatika, which is used for Banquet purposes. The art as said was intentionally done to break a previously held record.

</doc>
<doc id="9627627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627627" title="Parliamentary representation from Cambridgeshire">
Parliamentary representation from Cambridgeshire

The historic county of Cambridgeshire, located in the modern-day East of England region, has been represented in Parliament since the 13th century. This article provides the list of constituencies which have formed the parliamentary representation from Cambridgeshire.
In 1889 the historic county was divided between the administrative counties of Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely. The two administrative counties merged in 1965 to form Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely. In 1974 Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely was merged with Huntingdon and Peterborough to form a new expanded non-metropolitan county of Cambridgeshire. Huntingdonshire was a historic and administrative county in its own right, whereas the Soke of Peterborough had been an administrative county which was part of the historic county of Northamptonshire.
This article covers only the constituencies wholly or predominantly within the area of the historic county of Cambridgeshire, both before and after the administrative changes of 1889, 1965 and 1974. Constituencies predominantly within the area of the historic county of Huntingdonshire are listed at Parliamentary representation from Huntingdonshire. For more information on the constituencies currently covering the modern-day ceremonial county of Cambridgeshire, see List of Parliamentary constituencies in Cambridgeshire.
List of constituencies.
Key to abbreviations:
Type: 
Notes:
Note: Dates of representation prior to 1654 are provisional. The constituencies which existed in 1707 were previously represented in the Parliament of England.
North West Cambridgeshire does not include any part of the historic county of Cambridgeshire. It combines parts of the historic counties of Huntingdonshire and Northamptonshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9627634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627634" title="Guido van de Kamp">
Guido van de Kamp

Guido van de Kamp (born February 8, 1964 in Den Bosch) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is currently a goalkeeping coach with Dutch amateur side RKVV Sint-Michielsgestel.
Career.
Van de Kamp joined Dundee United in 1991 from Dutch side Den Bosch as a replacement for Billy Thomson, and battled with Alan Main for the No.1 jersey for the first couple of seasons. Guido was in goal for most of the 1991-92 season, playing in 30 out of the 49 matches, but was in goal for only one game the following season - a 3-0 defeat at home to Hibernian. Guido took over again halfway through the 1993-94 season, just as United's successful Scottish Cup run began, playing in the Final. This was his last game for United and after a contract dispute with the club he returned home, but came back to Scotland and played for Dunfermline, Raith and Alloa, winning a Scottish First Division championship medal with Dunfermline.

</doc>
<doc id="9627640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627640" title="Chawk Mosque">
Chawk Mosque

Chawkbazar Shahi Mosque" (also Chawk Mosque"') in Dhaka, Bangladesh, is located in the Chowk Bazaar area of the old town of Dhaka, south of the current city centre. The mosque was constructed in 1676 by Subahdar Shayesta Khan.The mosque is called Shahi Mosque because,it is founded by Subahdar Shayesta Khan. The mosque is built above a raised platform. The three domed mosque above the platform, now transformed into a multi-storied structure was originally a copy of Shaista Khan's another three domed mosque at the Mitford Hospital compound near the Buriganga River.There are some squre shaped rooms maybe built for Imam and for students of the madrashah. Today the original building design has been lost most of its original form through multiple renovations and extensions.
Interior & Exterior Design.
The western half of the 3.05m high vaulted platform (28.65m from north to south and 24.38m from east to west) is occupied by the original three-domed mosque. It measures, inclusive of the four octagonal towers on the exterior angles, 16.15m by 7.92m. There are three four-centred archways in the east, all opening out under half-domed vaults. The half-domed vault of the central archway still contains beautiful Muqarnas works in stucco. Corresponding to the three eastern entrances there are three Mihrabs inside the west wall, all now remodelled. The central mihrab still has a semi-octagonal aperture, while its flanking counterparts are rectangular in design. The mihrabs are now all studded with lustrous pieces of enamel. The rectangular frames enclosing the mihrabs are now topped by rows of painted crestings. The floor of the mosque is now laid with marble.
The interior of the mosque was divided into three bays - the central one square and the side ones rectangular. All these bays were covered with domes, the central one being bigger than its flanking counterparts. This can be deduced from the newly built three-domed prayer chamber exactly above the original one, where the central dome has been kept larger than the side ones.
The vaulted rooms all round underneath the platform are either square or rectangular in shape. Many of them are now let out to shopkeepers and others are still being used as accommodation. The underceilings of these rooms are flat on the top and barrel-shaped at the sides.
The promenade around the three domed prayer chamber, since there was no separate structure for study purpose, might have been used for open-air classes and the vaulted room with book-shelves on their walls underneath the platform may have been designed to provide residential accommodation for those who used to teach and study here. 
In that context "Chawk Mosque" may be regarded as the first known example of Residential Madrasa Mosque. 
It is an ingenious way of accommodating two structures-a madrasa and a mosque in a single building which not only saved space but also a considerable amount of money.
History.
The construction has been dated to 1676, as noted by an inscription in the Persian language over a doorway. inscription attributes the project to Subahdar Shaista Khan. So far known this is the earliest dated mosque in the History of Muslim Architecture in Bengal built on a high vaulted platform. Its architectural design was perhaps influenced by Tughlaq Architectures; such as Khirki Masjid or Kalan Mosque of Delhi. Influenced by this structure some other mosques were built in Dhaka and Murshidabad.
Current masjid committee.
01.Presedent:Haji Mohammad Ataurrahman Molla
02.Assistance President:Haji Mohammad Boshiruddin Molla
03.Secretary:Haji Mohammad Nur Islam Babu
04.Assistance Secretary:Haji Mohammad Ilyas Chonchol
05.Cashier:Haji Mohammad Kamrul Arefin.

</doc>
<doc id="9627654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627654" title="Lejonstedts Gränd">
Lejonstedts Gränd

Lejonstedts Gränd () is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central stockholm, Sweden. Stretching from Stora Nygatan to Mälartorget and crossed by Lilla Nygatan, it forms a parallel street to Tyska Brinken and Kornhamnstorg. It is named after Country marshal ("lantmarskalk") and Councillor of the Realm Anders Lejonstedt (1649–1725), before knighthood named Volimhaus, who together with his brother Jakob (ennobled Gyllenborg) owned the block taking up the north-eastern part of the street in the late 17the century.
History.
Together with its neighbourhood, the alley is a product of the reconstruction of the western part of the old town following the great fire of 1625. Before this, the unregulated urban structure of the city stretched down from Västerlånggatan to the eastern part of the alley, succeeded by the shore, unfit for any major construction and mostly used for sheds and for the city's defence.
While the extent of the 14th-century city wall is not well documented, the area formed a part of the south-western harbour area where agricultural goods delivered from the Lake Mälaren area were unloaded (which gave the present square Kornhamnstorg its name). During the period 1543–1553, a new defensive structure in wood was built along the western shore, which, however, burnt down after only two years, to be replaced by a new built in brick and stone, in turn outdated within 50 years and completely demolished after the fire in 1625. Archaeological remains of, arguably, this latter wall have been found under the buildings on the eastern part of the alley.

</doc>
<doc id="9627657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627657" title="European Digital Archive on Soil Maps of the World">
European Digital Archive on Soil Maps of the World

European Digital Archive on Soil Maps (EuDASM) is a digital inventory of the maps holding valuable information pertaining to soil that are highly demanded in various environmental assessment studies focusing on policy issues. The EuDASM is a common platform established by Joint Research Centre in Italy of the European Commission and the International Soil Reference and Information Centre(ISRIC) of Wageningen University in The Netherlands (Holland) to store soil and related maps in digital format and to provide free access to the global community (Researchers, University scholars, policy makers, etc.). The archive is typically unique at the present times, for it is the only archive that holds nearly 6000 maps online related to soils and are freely accessible to the public around the world. Moreover, the major focus of the EuDASM initiative is towards the developing nations of Africa, South America, Asia etc., in order to assist them to arrest the loss of existing information and prevent the quality deterioration.
More Information about EuDASM: Panagos, P., Jones, A., Bosco, C., Senthil Kumar P.S. European digital archive on soil maps (EuDASM): preserving important soil data for public free access. 
International Journal of Digital Earth (2011), 4 (5), pp. 434-443. DOI:10.1080/17538947.2011.596580 

</doc>
<doc id="9627668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627668" title="Antipater (son of Herod the Great)">
Antipater (son of Herod the Great)

Antipater II (c. 46 – 4 BC) was Herod the Great's first-born son, his only child by his first wife Doris. He was named after his paternal grandfather Antipater the Idumaean. He and his mother were exiled after Herod divorced her between 43 BC and 40 BC to marry Mariamne I. However, he was recalled following Mariamne's fall in 29 BC and in 13 BC Herod made him his first heir in his will. He retained this position even when Alexandros and Aristobulos (Herod's sons by Mariamne) rose in the royal succession in 12 BC, and even became exclusive successor to the throne after their execution in 7 BC (with Herod Philip I in second place).
However, in 5 BC Antipater was brought before Publius Quinctilius Varus, then Roman governor of Syria, charged with the intended murder of his father Herod. Antipater was found guilty by Varus; however, due to Antipater's high rank, it was necessary for Caesar Augustus to approve of the recommended sentence of death. After the guilty verdict, Antipater's position as exclusive successor was removed and granted to Herod Antipas. Once the sentence had approval from Augustus in 4 BC, Antipater was then executed, and Archelaus (from the marriage with Malthace) was made heir in his father's will as king over Herod's entire kingdom (with Antipas and Philip as Tetrarchs over certain territories).
We know two of Antipater's wives through the writings of Josephus. First was his niece Mariamne III, daughter of Aristobulus IV. The second was a high-ranking Hasmonean princess whose first name is lost to history. She was the daughter of Antigonus the Hasmonean, the last Hasmonean king who also served as high priest. This wife of Antipater was also a first cousin of Mariamne I, renowned royal wife of Herod the Great. Josephus records that she was at the palace with Doris, Antipater's mother, in support of her husband during his trial before Varus in 5 BCE.

</doc>
<doc id="9627680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627680" title="1981 in Northern Ireland">
1981 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9627698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627698" title="Child development">
Child development

Child development refers to the biological, psychological and emotional changes that occur in human beings between birth and the end of adolescence, as the individual progresses from dependency to increasing autonomy. It is a continuous process with a predictable sequence yet having a unique course for every child. It does not progress at the same rate and each stage is affected by the preceding types of development. Because these developmental changes may be strongly influenced by genetic factors and events during prenatal life, genetics and prenatal development are usually included as part of the study of child development. Related terms include developmental psychology, referring to development throughout the lifespan, and pediatrics, the branch of medicine relating to the care of children. Developmental change may occur as a result of genetically-controlled processes known as maturation, or as a result of environmental factors and learning, but most commonly involves an interaction between the two. It may also occur as a result of human nature and our ability to learn from our environment.
There are various definitions of periods in a child's development, since each period is a continuum with individual differences regarding start and ending.
Some age-related development periods and examples of defined intervals are: newborn (ages 0–4 weeks); infant (ages 4 weeks – 1 year); toddler (ages 1–3 years); preschooler (ages 4–6 years); school-aged child (ages 6–13 years); adolescent (ages 13–19).
However, organizations like Zero to Three and the World Association for Infant Mental Health use the term infant as a broad category, including children from birth to age 3.
Promoting child development through parental training, among other factors, promotes excellent rates of child development, parental training as the Parental Empowerment Program for Infant-PEPDI-.
Parents play a large role in a child's life, socialization, and development. Having multiple parents can add stability to the child's life and therefore encourage healthy development.
The optimal development of children is considered vital to society and so it is important to understand the social, cognitive, emotional, and educational development of children. Increased research and interest in this field has resulted in new theories and strategies, with specific regard to practice that promotes development within the school system. In addition there are also some theories that seek to describe a sequence of states that compose child development.
Theories.
Ecological systems theory.
Also called "development in context" or "human ecology" theory, ecological systems theory, originally formulated by Urie Bronfenbrenner specifies four types of nested environmental systems, with bi-directional influences within and between the systems. The four systems are microsystem, mesosystem, exosystem, and macrosystem. Each system contains roles, norms and rules that can powerfully shape development. Since its publication in 1979, Bronfenbrenner's major statement of this theory, "The Ecology of Human Development" has had widespread influence on the way psychologists and others approach the study of human beings and their environments. As a result of this influential conceptualization of development, these environments — from the family to economic and political structures — have come to be viewed as part of the life course from childhood through adulthood.
Piaget.
Jean Piaget was a Swiss scholar who began his studies in intellectual development in the 1920s. Piaget’s first interests were those that dealt with the ways in which animals adapt to their environments and his first scientific article about this subject was published when he was 10 years old. This eventually led him to pursue a Ph.D. in Zoology, which then led him to his second interest in epistemology.] Epistemology branches off from philosophy and deals with the origin of knowledge. Piaget believed the origin of knowledge came from Psychology, so he traveled to Paris and began working on the first “standardized intelligence test” at Alfred Binet laboratories, this influenced his career greatly. As he carried out this intelligence testing he began developing a profound interest in the way children’s intellectualism works. As a result, he developed his own laboratory and spent years recording children’s intellectual growth and attempted to find out how children develop through various stages of thinking. This led to Piaget develop four important stages of cognitive development: sensorimotor stage (birth to age 2), preoperational stage (age 2 to 7), concrete-operational stage (ages 7 to 12), and formal-operational stage (ages 11 to 12, and thereafter).
Piaget stages.
Sensorimotor: (birth to about age 2)
According to Piaget, when an infant reaches about 7–9 months of age they begin to develop what he called object permanence, this means the child now has the ability to understand that objects keep existing even when they cannot be seen. An example of this would be hiding the child’s favorite toy under a blanket, although the child cannot physically see it they still know to look under the blanket.
Preoperational: (begins about the time the child starts to talk to about age 7)
During this stage of development, young children begin analyzing their environment using mental symbols. These symbols often include words and images and the child will begin to apply these various symbols in their everyday lives as they come across different objects, events, and situations. However, Piaget’s main focus on this stage and the reason why he named it “preoperational” is because children at this point are not able to apply specific cognitive operations, such as mental math. In addition to symbolism, children now begin engaging in pretend play where they begin pretending to be people they are not (teachers, superhero’s), and they may use different props to make this pretend play more real. Some deficiencies in this stage of development are that children who are about 3–4 years old often display what is called egocentrism, which means the child is not able to see someone else’s point of view, they feel as if every other person is experiencing the same events and feelings that they are experiencing. However, at about at 7 thought processes of children are no longer egocentric and are more intuitive, meaning they now think about the way something looks instead of rational thinking.
Concrete: (about first grade to early adolescence)
During this stage, children begin developing cognitive operations and begin applying this new thinking to different events they may encounter. Unlike the preoperational stage, children can now change and rearrange mental images and symbols to form a logical thought, an example of this is reversibility in which the child now has the ability to reverse an action just by doing the opposite.
Formal operations:
The final stage of Piaget’s cognitive development defines a child as now having the ability to “think more rationally and systematically about abstract concepts and hypothetical events”. Some positive aspects during this time is that child or adolescent begins forming their identity and begin understanding why people behave the way they behave. However, there are also some negative aspects which include the child or adolescent developing some egocentric thoughts which include the imaginary audience and the personal fable. An imaginary audience is when an adolescent feels that the world is just as concerned and judgmental of anything the adolescent does as they are, an adolescent may feel as is they are “on stage” and everyone is a critique and they are the ones being critiqued. A personal fable is when the adolescent feels that he or she is unique person and everything they do is unique. They feel as if they are the only ones that have ever experienced what they are experiencing and that they are invincible and nothing bad will happen to them it will only happen to others.
Vygotsky.
Vygotsky was a Russian theorist, who proposed the sociocultural theory. During the 1920s–1930s while Piaget was developing his own theory, Vygotsky was an active scholar and at that time his theory was said to be “recent” because it was translated out of Russian language and began influencing Western thinking. He posited that children learn through hands-on experience, as Piaget suggested. However, unlike Piaget, he claimed that timely and sensitive intervention by adults when a child is on the edge of learning a new task (called the zone of proximal development) could help children learn new tasks. This technique is called "scaffolding," because it builds upon knowledge children already have with new knowledge that adults can help the child learn. An example of this might be when a parent "helps" an infant clap or roll her hands to the pat-a-cake rhyme, until she can clap and roll her hands herself.
Vygotsky was strongly focused on the role of culture in determining the child's pattern of development. He argued that "Every function in the child's cultural development appears twice: first, on the social level, and later, on the individual level; first, between people (interpsychological) and then inside the child (intrapsychological). This applies equally to voluntary attention, to logical memory, and to the formation of concepts. All the higher functions originate as actual relationships between individuals."
Vygotsky felt that development was a process and saw periods of crisis in child development during which there was a qualitative transformation in the child's mental functioning.
Attachment theory.
Attachment theory, originating in the work of John Bowlby and developed by Mary Ainsworth, is a psychological, evolutionary and ethological theory that provides a descriptive and explanatory framework for understanding interpersonal relationships between human beings. Bowlby’s observations of close attachments led him to believe that close emotional bonds or “attachments” between an infant and their primary caregiver is an important requirement that is necessary to form “normal social and emotional development”.
Erik Erikson.
Erikson, a follower of Freud's, synthesized both Freud's and his own theories to create what is known as the "psychosocial" stages of human development, which span from birth to death, and focuses on "tasks" at each stage that must be accomplished to successfully navigate life's challenges.
Erikson's eight stages consist of the following:
Behavioral theories.
John B. Watson’s behaviorism theory forms the foundation of the behavioral model of development 1925. He wrote extensively on child development and conducted research (see Little Albert experiment). Watson was instrumental in the modification of William James’ stream of consciousness approach to construct a stream of behavior theory. Watson also helped bring a natural science perspective to child psychology by introducing objective research methods based on observable and measurable behavior. Following Watson’s lead, B.F. Skinner further extended this model to cover operant conditioning and verbal behavior. Skinner used the operant chamber, or Skinner box, to observe the behavior of small organisms in a controlled situation and proved that organisms' behaviors are impacted on the environment. Furthermore, he used reinforcement and punishment to shape in desired behavior.
Other theories.
In accordance with his view that the sexual drive is a basic human motivation, Sigmund Freud developed a psychosexual theory of human development from infancy onward, divided into five stages. Each stage centered around the gratification of the libido within a particular area, or erogenous zone, of the body. He also argued that as humans develop, they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of development. Each stage contains conflict which requires resolution to enable the child to develop.
The use of dynamical systems theory as a framework for the consideration of development began in the early 1990s and has continued into the present century. Dynamic systems theory stresses nonlinear connections (e.g., between earlier and later social assertiveness) and the capacity of a system to reorganize as a phase shift that is stage-like in nature. Another useful concept for developmentalists is the attractor state, a condition (such as teething or stranger anxiety) that helps to determine apparently unrelated behaviors as well as related ones. Dynamic systems theory has been applied extensively to the study of motor development; the theory also has strong associations with some of Bowlby's views about attachment systems. Dynamic systems theory also relates to the concept of the transactional process, a mutually interactive process in which children and parents simultaneously influence each other, producing developmental change in both over time.
The "core knowledge perspective" is an evolutionary theory in child development that proposes "infants begin life with innate, special-purpose knowledge systems referred to as core domains of thought" There are five core domains of thought, each of which is crucial for survival, which simultaneously prepare us to develop key aspects of early cognition; they are: physical, numerical, linguistic, psychological, and biological.
Continuity and discontinuity in development.
Although the identification of developmental milestones is of interest to researchers and to children's caregivers, many aspects of developmental change are continuous and do not display noticeable milestones of change. Continuous developmental changes, like growth in stature, involve fairly gradual and predictable progress toward adult characteristics. When developmental change is discontinuous, however, researchers may identify not only milestones of development, but related age periods often called stages. A stage is a period of time, often associated with a known chronological age range, during which a behavior or physical characteristic is qualitatively different from what it is at other ages. When an age period is referred to as a stage, the term implies not only this qualitative difference, but also a predictable sequence of developmental events, such that each stage is both preceded and followed by specific other periods associated with characteristic behavioral or physical qualities.
Stages of development may overlap or be associated with specific other aspects of development, such as speech or movement. Even within a particular developmental area, transition into a stage may not mean that the previous stage is completely finished. For example, in Erikson's discussion of stages of personality, this theorist suggests that a lifetime is spent in reworking issues that were originally characteristic of a childhood stage. Similarly, the theorist of cognitive development, Piaget, described situations in which children could solve one type of problem using mature thinking skills, but could not accomplish this for less familiar problems, a phenomenon he called horizontal decalage.
Mechanisms of development.
Although developmental change runs parallel with chronological age, age itself cannot cause development. The basic mechanisms or causes of developmental change are genetic factors and environmental factors. Genetic factors are responsible for cellular changes like overall growth, changes in proportion of body and brain parts, and the maturation of aspects of function such as vision and dietary needs. Because genes can be "turned off" and "turned on", the individual's initial genotype may change in function over time, giving rise to further developmental change. Environmental factors affecting development may include both diet and disease exposure, as well as social, emotional, and cognitive experiences. However, examination of environmental factors also shows that young human beings can survive within a fairly broad range of environmental experiences.
Rather than acting as independent mechanisms, genetic and environmental factors often interact to cause developmental change. Some aspects of child development are notable for their plasticity, or the extent to which the direction of development is guided by environmental factors as well as initiated by genetic factors. When an aspect of development is strongly affected by early experience, it is said to show a high degree of plasticity; when the genetic make-up is the primary cause of development, plasticity is said to be low. Plasticity may involve guidance by endogenous factors like hormones as well as by exogenous factors like infection. 
One kind of environmental guidance of development has been described as experience-dependent plasticity, in which behavior is altered as a result of learning from the environment. Plasticity of this type can occur throughout the lifespan and may involve many kinds of behavior, including some emotional reactions. A second type of plasticity, experience-expectant plasticity, involves the strong effect of specific experiences during limited sensitive periods of development. For example, the coordinated use of the two eyes, and the experience of a single three-dimensional image rather than the two-dimensional images created by light in each eye, depend on experiences with vision during the second half of the first year of life. Experience-expectant plasticity works to fine-tune aspects of development that cannot proceed to optimum outcomes as a result of genetic factors working alone.
In addition to the existence of plasticity in some aspects of development, genetic-environmental correlations may function in several ways to determine the mature characteristics of the individual. Genetic-environmental correlations are circumstances in which genetic factors make certain experiences more likely to occur. For example, in passive genetic-environmental correlation, a child is likely to experience a particular environment because his or her parents' genetic make-up makes them likely to choose or create such an environment. In evocative genetic-environmental correlation, the child's genetically-caused characteristics cause other people to respond in certain ways, providing a different environment than might occur for a genetically-different child; for instance, a child with Down syndrome may be treated more protectively and less challengingly than a non-Down child. Finally, an active genetic-environmental correlation is one in which the child chooses experiences that in turn have their effect; for instance, a muscular, active child may choose after-school sports experiences that create increased athletic skills, but perhaps preclude music lessons. In all of these cases, it becomes difficult to know whether child characteristics were shaped by genetic factors, by experiences, or by a combination of the two.
Research issues and methods.
Empirical research that attempts to answer these questions may follow a number of patterns. Initially, observational research in naturalistic conditions may be needed to develop a narrative describing and defining an aspect of developmental change, such as changes in reflex reactions in the first year. This type of work may be followed by correlational studies, collecting information about chronological age and some type of development such as vocabulary growth; correlational statistics can be used to state change. Such studies examine the characteristics of children at different ages. These methods may involve longitudinal studies, in which a group of children are re-examined on a number of occasions as they get older,or cross-sectional studies, in which groups of children of different ages are tested once and compared with each other, or there may be a combination of these approaches. Some child development studies examine the effects of experience or heredity by comparing characteristics of different groups of children in a necessarily non-randomized design. Other studies can use randomized designs to compare outcomes for groups of children who receive different interventions or educational treatments.
Developmental milestones.
Milestones are changes in specific physical and mental abilities (such as walking and understanding language) that mark the end of one developmental period and the beginning of another. For stage theories, milestones indicate a stage transition. Studies of the accomplishment of many developmental tasks have established typical chronological ages associated with developmental milestones. However, there is considerable variation in the achievement of milestones, even between children with developmental trajectories within the typical range. Some milestones are more variable than others; for example, receptive speech indicators do not show much variation among children with typical hearing, but expressive speech milestones can be quite variable.
A common concern in child development is developmental delay involving a delay in an age-specific ability for important developmental milestones. Prevention of and early intervention in developmental delay are significant topics in the study of child development. Developmental delays should be diagnosed by comparison with characteristic variability of a milestone, not with respect to average age at achievement. An example of a milestone would be eye-hand coordination, which includes a child's increasing ability to manipulate objects in a coordinated manner. Increased knowledge of age-specific milestones allows parents and others to keep track of appropriate development.
Aspects of child development.
Child development is not a matter of a single topic, but progresses somewhat differently for different aspects of the individual. Here are descriptions of the development of a number of physical and mental characteristics.
Physical growth.
Physical growth in stature and weight occurs over the 15–20 years following birth, as the individual changes from the average weight of 3.5 kg and length of 50 cm at full term birth to full adult size. As stature and weight increase, the individual's proportions also change, from the relatively large head and small torso and limbs of the neonate, to the adult's relatively small head and long torso and limbs. The child’s pattern of growth is in a head-to-toe direction, or cephalocaudal, and in an inward to outward pattern (center of the body to the peripheral) called proximodistal.
Speed and pattern of development.
The speed of physical growth is rapid in the months after birth, then slows, so birth weight is doubled in the first four months, tripled by age 12 months, but not quadrupled until 24 months. Growth then proceeds at a slow rate until shortly before puberty (between
about 9 and 15 years of age), when a period of rapid growth occurs.
Growth is not uniform in rate and timing across all body parts. At birth, head size is already relatively near to that of an adult, but the lower parts of the body are much smaller than adult size. In the course of development, then, the head grows relatively little, and torso and limbs undergo a great deal of growth.
Mechanisms of developmental change.
Genetic factors play a major role in determining the growth rate, and particularly the changes in proportion characteristic of early human development. However, genetic factors can produce the maximum growth only if environmental conditions are adequate. Poor nutrition and frequent injury and disease can reduce the individual's adult stature, but the best environment cannot cause growth to a greater stature than is determined by heredity.
Individual variation versus disease.
Individual differences in height and weight during childhood are considerable. Some of these differences are due to family genetic factors, others to environmental factors, but at some points in development they may be strongly influenced by individual differences in reproductive maturation.
The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists defines short stature as height more than 2 standard deviations below the mean for age and gender, which corresponds to the shortest 2.3% of individuals. In contrast, failure to thrive is usually defined in terms of weight, and can be evaluated either by a low weight for the child's age, or by a low rate of increase in the weight. A similar term, stunted growth, generally refers to reduced growth rate as a manifestation of malnutrition in early childhood.
Motor development.
Abilities for physical movement change through childhood from the largely reflexive (unlearned, involuntary) movement patterns of the young infant to the highly skilled voluntary movements characteristic of later childhood and adolescence.
Definition.
"Motor learning refers to the increasing spatial and temporal accuracy of movements with practice".
Motor skills can be divided into two categories: first as basic skills necessary for everyday life and secondly, as recreational skills such as skills for employment or certain specialties based on interest.
Speed and pattern of development.
The speed of motor development is rapid in early life, as many of the reflexes of the newborn alter or disappear within the first year, and slows later. Like physical growth, motor development shows predictable patterns of cephalocaudal (head to foot) and proximodistal (torso to extremities) development, with movements at the head and in the more central areas coming under control before those of the lower part of the body or the hands and feet. Types of movement develop in stage-like sequences; for example, locomotion at 6–8 months involves creeping on all fours, then proceeds to pulling to stand, "cruising" while holding on to an object, walking while holding an adult's hand, and finally walking independently. Older children continue the sequence by walking sideways or backward, galloping, hopping, skipping with one foot and walking with the other, and finally skipping. By middle childhood and adolescence, new motor skills are acquired by instruction or observation rather than in a predictable sequence. There are Executive Functions of the brain (working memory, timing measure of inhibition and switching) which are important to motor skills. critiques the order of Executive Functioning leads to Motor Skills, suggesting Motor Skills can support Executive Functioning in the brain.
Mechanisms of motor development.
The mechanisms involved in motor development involve some genetic components that determine the physical size of body parts at a given age, as well as aspects of muscle and bone strength. The main areas of the brain involved in motor skills are the frontal cortex, parietal cortex and basal ganglia. The dorsolateral frontal cortex is responsible for strategic processing. The parietal cortex is important in controlling perceptual-motor integration and the basal ganglia and supplementary motor cortex are responsible for motor sequences. 
Nutrition and exercise also determine strength and therefore the ease and accuracy with which a body part can be moved. Flexibility is also impacted by nutrition and exercise as well. It has also been shown that the frontal lobe develops posterio-anteriorally (from back to front). This is significant in motor development because the hind portion of the frontal lobe is known to control motor functions. This form of development is known as "Portional Development" and explains why motor functions develop relatively quickly during typical childhood development, while logic, which is controlled by the middle and front portions of the frontal lobe, usually will not develop until late childhood and early adolescence. Opportunities to carry out movements help establish the abilities to flex (move toward the trunk) and extend body parts, both capacities are necessary for good motor ability. Skilled voluntary movements such as passing objects from hand to hand develop as a result of practice and learning. Mastery Climate is a suggested successful learning environment for children to promote motor skills by their own motivation. This promotes participation and active learning in children, which according to Piaget's theory of cognitive development is extremely important in early childhood rule.
Individual differences.
Typical individual differences in motor ability are common and depend in part on the child's weight and build. However, after the infant period, typical individual differences are strongly affected by opportunities to practice, observe, and be instructed on specific movements. Atypical motor development such as persistent primitive reflexes beyond 4–6 months or delayed walking may be an indication of developmental delays or problems such as autism, cerebral palsy, or down syndrome . Lower motor coordination results in difficulties with speed accuracy and trade-off in complex tasks.
Children with disabilities.
Children with Down syndrome or Developmental coordination disorder are late to reach major motor skills milestones. A few examples of these milestones are sucking, grasping, rolling, sitting up and walking, talking. Children with Down syndrome sometimes have heart problems, frequent ear infections, hypotonia, or undeveloped muscle mass. This syndrome is caused by atypical chromosomal development.
Population differences.
Regardless of the culture a baby is born into, they are born with a few core domains of knowledge. These principals allow him or her to make sense of their environment and learn upon previous experience by using motor skills such as grasping or crawling. There are some population differences in motor development, with girls showing some advantages in small muscle usage, including articulation of sounds with lips and tongue. Ethnic differences in reflex movements of newborn infants have been reported, suggesting that some biological factor is at work. Cultural differences may encourage learning of motor skills like using the left hand only for sanitary purposes and the right hand for all other uses, producing a population difference. Cultural factors are also seen at work in practiced voluntary movements such as the use of the foot to dribble a soccer ball or the hand to dribble a basketball.
Cognitive/intellectual development.
Cognitive Development is primarily concerned with ways in which infants and children acquire, develop, and use internal mental capabilities such as problem solving, memory and language.
What develops?
The capacity to learn, remember, and symbolise information, and to solve problems, exists at a simple level in young infants, who can perform cognitive tasks such as discriminating animate and inanimate beings or recognizing small numbers of objects. During childhood, learning and information-processing increase in speed, memory becomes increasingly longer, and symbol use and the capacity for abstraction develop until a near-adult level is reached by adolescence.
Mechanisms of cognitive development.
Cognitive development has genetic and other biological mechanisms, as is seen in the many genetic causes of intellectual disability. Environmental factors including food and nutrition, responsiveness of parents, daily experiences, physical activity and love can influence early brain development of children. However, although it is assumed that brain functions cause cognitive events, it has not been possible to measure specific brain changes and show that they cause cognitive change. Developmental advances in cognition are also related to experience and learning, and this is particularly the case for higher-level abilities like abstraction, which depend to a considerable extent on formal education.
Individual differences.
There are typical individual differences in the ages at which specific cognitive abilities are achieved, but schooling for children in industrialized countries is based on the assumption that these differences are not large. Atypical delays in cognitive development are problematic for children in cultures that demand advanced cognitive skills for work and for independent living.
Population differences.
There are few population differences in cognitive development. Boys and girls show some differences in their skills and preferences, but there is a great deal of overlap between the groups. Differences in cognitive achievement of different ethnic groups appears to result from cultural or other environmental factors.
Social-emotional development.
What develops?
Newborn infants do not seem to experience fear or have preferences for contact with any specific people. In the first few months they only experience happiness, sadness, and anger. A baby’s first smile usually occurs between 6 and 10 weeks. It is called a ‘social smile’ because it usually occurs during social interactions. By about 8–12 months, they go through a fairly rapid change and become fearful of perceived threats; they also begin to prefer familiar people and show anxiety and distress when separated from them or approached by strangers.
Separation anxiety is a typical stage of development to an extent. Kicking, screaming, and throwing temper tantrums are perfectly typical symptoms for separation anxiety. Depending on the level of intensity, one may determine whether or not a child has separation anxiety disorder. This is when a child constantly refuses to separate from the parent, but in an intense manner. This can be given special treatment but the parent usually cannot do anything about the situation.
The capacity for empathy and the understanding of social rules begin in the preschool period and continue to develop into adulthood. Middle childhood is characterized by friendships with age-mates, and adolescence by emotions connected with sexuality and the beginnings of romantic love. Anger seems most intense during the toddler and early preschool period and during adolescence.
Speed and pattern of development.
Some aspects of social-emotional development, like empathy, develop gradually, but others, like fearfulness, seem to involve a rather sudden reorganization of the child's experience of emotion. Sexual and romantic emotions develop in connection with physical maturation.
The ability to learn temporal patterns in sequenced actions was investigated in elementary-school age children. Temporal learning depends upon a process of integrating timing patterns with action sequences. Children ages 6–13 and young adults performed a serial response time task in which a response and a timing sequence were presented repeatedly in a phase-matched manner, allowing for integrative learning. The degree of integrative learning was measured as the slowing in performance that resulted when phase-shifting the sequences. Learning was similar for the children and adults on average but increased with age for the children. Executive function measured by Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) performance as well as a measure of response speed also improved with age. Finally, WCST performance and response speed predicted temporal learning. Taken together, the results indicate that temporal learning continues to develop in pre-adolescents and that maturing executive function or processing speed may play an important role in acquiring temporal patterns in sequenced actions and the development of this ability.
Mechanisms of social and emotional development.
Genetic factors appear to regulate some social-emotional developments that occur at predictable ages, such as fearfulness, and attachment to familiar people. Experience plays a role in determining which people are familiar, which social rules are obeyed, and how anger is expressed.
Parenting practices have been shown to predict children's emotional intelligence. The objective is to study the time mothers and children spent together in joint activity, the types of activities that they develop when they are together, and the relation that those activities have with the children's trait emotional intelligence. Data was collected for both mothers and children (N = 159) using self-report questionnaires. Correlations between time variables and trait emotional intelligence dimensions were computed using Pearson's Product-Moment Correlation Coefficient. Partial correlations between the same variables controlling for responsive parenting were also computed. The amount of time mothers spent with their children and the quality of their interactions are important in terms of children's trait emotional intelligence, not only because those times of joint activity reflect a more positive parenting, but because they are likely to promote modeling, reinforcement, shared attention, and social cooperation.
Individual differences.
Typical individual differences in motor ability are common and depend in part on the child's weight and build. However, after the infant period, typical individual differences are strongly affected by opportunities to practice, observe, and be instructed on specific movements. Atypical motor development may be an indication of developmental delays or problems such as autism or cerebral palsy.
Population differences.
Population differences may occur in older children, if, for example they have learned that it is appropriate for boys to express emotion or behave differently from girls, or if customs learned by children of one ethnic group are different from those learned in another. Social and emotional differences between boys and girls of a given age may also be associated with differences in the timing of puberty characteristic of the two sexes.
Language.
What develops?
In addition to acquiring speech and a large spoken vocabulary, there are four main areas in which the child must attain competence, regardless of the language or dialect spoken. These are referred to as phonology or sounds, semantics or the encoded meanings, syntax or the way in which words are combined and pragmatics or knowledge of how language is used in different contexts.
Speed and pattern of development.
Receptive language, the understanding of others' speech, has a gradual development beginning at about 6 months. However, expressive language, the production of words, moves rapidly after its beginning at about a year of age, with a "vocabulary explosion" of rapid word acquisition occurring in the middle of the second year. This vocabulary expansion is closely linked to the ability to repeat spoken words and enables the rapid acquisition of skill in their pronunciation. Grammatical rules and word combinations appear at about age two. Mastery of vocabulary and grammar continue gradually through the preschool and school years. Adolescents still have smaller vocabularies than adults and experience more difficulty with constructions like the passive voice.
Babies from one month old can produce "ooh" sounds which appear to grow out of pleasurable interactions with caregivers in a mutual "dialogue". According to Stern, this process is communication of affect between adult and infant in a mutual, rhythmic interaction. The atonement and "gaze-coupling" in which infant and adult take different roles is thought to anticipate the give-and-take of later dialogue.
From about 6 to 9 months babies produce more vowels, some consonants and echolalia, or the frequent repetition of sounds like "dadadada" which appear to have some phonetic characteristics of later speech. It is thought that a crucial part of the development of speech is the time caregivers spend "guessing" what their infants are trying to communicate thus integrating the child into their social world. When infants are trying to learn words from others they tend to create protowords, which is a "unique string of phonemes that serve word-like functions. The attribution of intentionality to the infant's utterances has been called "shared memory" and forms a complex series of actions, intentions and actions in response in an improvised way.
It has been argued that children's phonological systems develop in ways that are parallel to adult languages, even if they are using unrecognizable "words". First words have the function of naming or labeling but also condense meaning as in "milk" meaning "I want milk". Vocabulary typically grows from about 20 words at 18 months to around 200 words at 21 months. From around 18 months the child starts to combine words into two word sentences. Typically the adult expands it to clarify meaning. By 24–27 months the child is producing three or four word sentences using a logical, if not strictly correct, syntax. The theory is that children apply a basic set of rules such as adding 's' for plurals or inventing simpler words out of words too complicated to repeat like "choskit" for chocolate biscuit. Following this there is a rapid appearance of grammatical rules and ordering of sentences. There is often an interest in rhyme, and imaginative play frequently includes conversations. Children's recorded monologues give insight into the development of the process of organizing information into meaningful units.
By three years the child is beginning to use complex sentences, including relative clauses, although still perfecting various linguistic systems. By five years of age the child's use of language is very similar to that of an adult. From the age of about three children can indicate fantasy or make-believe linguistically, produce coherent personal stories and fictional narrative with beginnings and endings. It is argued that children devise narrative as a way of understanding their own experience and as a medium for communicating their meaning to others. The ability to engage in extended discourse emerges over time from regular conversation with adults and peers. For this the child needs to learn to combine his perspective with that of others and with outside events and learn to use linguistic indicators to show he is doing this. They also learn to adjust their language depending on to whom they are speaking. Typically by the age of about 9 a child can recount other narratives in addition to their own experiences, from the perspectives of the author, the characters in the story and their own views.
Mechanisms of language development.
Although the role of adult discourse is important in facilitating the child's learning, there is considerable disagreement amongst theorists about the extent to which children's early meanings and expressive words arises directly from adult input as opposed to intrinsic factors relating to the child's cognitive functions. Findings about the initial mapping of new words, the ability to decontextualise words and refine meaning are diverse. One hypothesis is known as the syntactic "bootstrapping" hypothesis, referring to the child's ability to infer meaning from cues, using grammatical information from the structure of sentences. Another is the multi-route model in which it is argued that context-bound words and referential words follow different routes; the first being mapped onto event representations and the latter onto mental representations. In this model, although parental input has a critical role, children rely on cognitive processing to establish subsequent use of words. However, naturalistic research on language development has indicated that preschoolers' vocabularies are strongly associated with the number of words addressed to them by adults.
There is as yet no single accepted theory of language acquisition. Current explanations vary in emphasis from learning theory, with its emphasis on reinforcement and imitation (Skinner), to biological, nativist theories, with innate underlying mechanisms (Chomsky and Pinker), to a more interactive approach within a social context (Piaget and Tomasello). Behaviorists argue that given the universal presence of a physical environment and, usually, a social environment, any theory of language must account for the effects of the contingent relations of these on an individuals development of language behaviour. Pinker argues that complex language is universal and has an innate basis. Pinker's argument is partly based on the development of creole languages from pidgins. The children of parents who communicate, without grammatical structures, in pidgin, develop a creole language of their own accord, complete with standardised word orders, markers for present, future and past tenses and subordinate clauses. There is some support for this from the development of sign language amongst deaf children thrown together at a young age in special schools in Nicaragua who spontaneously developed a pidgin which was then developed into a creole by a younger generation of children coming into the schools, (ISN).
Individual differences.
Delays in language is the most frequent type of developmental delay. According to demographics 1 out of 5 children will learn to talk or use words later than other children their age. Speech/language delay is three to four times more common in boys than in girls. Some children will also display behavioral problems due to their frustration of not being able to express what they want or need.
Simple speech delays are usually temporary. Most cases are solved on their own or with a little extra attribution from the family. It’s the parent’s duty to encourage their baby to talk to them with gestures or sounds and for them to spend a great amount of time playing with, reading to, and communicating with their baby. In certain circumstances, parents will have to seek professional help, such as a speech therapist.
It is important to take into considerations that sometimes delays can be a warning sign of more serious conditions that could include auditory processing disorders, hearing loss, developmental verbal dyspraxia, developmental delay in other areas, or even an autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Environmental causes.
There are many environmental causes that are linked to language delays and they include situations such as, the child is having their full attention on other skills, such as walking perfectly, rather than on language. The child may have a twin or a sibling in which their age are relatively close, and may not be receiving the parent’s full attention. Another circumstance could be a child that is in a daycare that provides few adults to be able to administer individual attention. Perhaps the most obvious component would be a child that suffers from psychosocial deprivation such as poverty, malnutrition, poor housing, neglect, inadequate linguistic stimulation, or emotional stress.
Neurological causes.
Language delay can be caused by a substantial amount of underlying disorders, such as intellectual disability. Intellectual disability takes part for more than 50 percent of language delays. Language delay is usually more rigorous than other developmental delays in intellectually disabled children, and it is usually the first obvious symptom of intellectual disability. Intellectual disability accounts to global language delay, including delayed auditory comprehension and use of gestures.
Impaired hearing is one of the most common causes of language delay. A child who can not hear or process speech in a clear and consistent manner will have a language delay. Even the most minimum hearing impairment or auditory processing deficit can considerably affect language development. Essentially, the more the severe the impairment, the more serious the language delay. Nevertheless, deaf children that are born to families who use sign language develop infant babble and use a fully expressive sign language at the same pace as hearing children.
Developmental Dyslexia is a developmental reading disorder that occurs when the brain does not properly recognize and process the graphic symbols chosen by society to represent the sounds of speech. Children with dyslexia may encounter problems in rhyming and separating sounds that compose words. These abilities are essential in learning to read. Early reading skills rely heavily on word recognition. When using an alphabet writing system this involves in having the ability to separate out the sounds in words and be able to match them with letter and groups of letters. Because they have trouble in connecting sounds of language to the letter of words, this may result difficulty in understanding sentences. They have confusion in mistaking letters such as "b" and "d". For the most part, symptoms of dyslexia may include, difficulty in determining the meaning of a simple sentence, learning to recognize written words, and difficulty in rhyming.
Autism and speech delay are usually correlated. Problems with verbal language are the most common signs seen in autism. Early diagnosis and treatment of autism can significantly help the child improve their speech skills. Autism is recognized as one of the five pervasive developmental disorders, distinguished by problems with language, speech, communication and social skills that present in early childhood. Some common autistic syndromes are the following, being limited to no verbal speech, echolalia or repeating words out of context, problems responding to verbal instruction and may ignore others who speak directly.
Risk factors for poor child development.
Child development can be negatively influenced by a number of risk factors, many of which have been studied in developing countries. They can be broadly grouped under two headings.
Malnutrition, maternal depression and maternal substance abuse are three of these factors which have received particular attention by researchers, however, many more factors have been considered.
Postnatal depression.
Although there are a large number of studies contemplating the effect of maternal depression and postnatal depression of various areas of infant development, they are yet to come to consensus regarding the true effects. There are numerous studies indicating a negative impact on development, and equally there are many proclaiming no effect of depression on development. 
A study of 18 month olds whose mothers suffered depressive symptoms while they were 6 weeks and/or 6 months old indicated that maternal depression had no effect on the child’s cognitive development at 18 months. Furthermore, the study indicates that maternal depression combined with a poor home environment is more likely to have an effect on cognitive development. However, the authors conclude that it may be that short term depression has no effect, where as long term depression could cause more serious problems. A further longitudinal study spanning 7 years again indicate no effect of maternal depression on cognitive development as a whole, however it found a gender difference in that boys are more susceptible to cognitive developmental issues when their mothers suffer depression. 
This thread is continued in a study of children up to 2 years old. The study reveals a significant difference on cognitive development between genders, with girls having a higher score, however this pattern is found regardless of the child’s mother’s history of depression. Infants with chronically depressed mothers showed significantly lower scores on the motor and mental scales within the Bayley Scales of Infant Development, contrasting with many older studies. A similar effect has been found at 11 years: male children of depressed mothers score an average of 19.4 points lower on an Intelligence Quotient IQ test than those with healthy mothers, although this difference is much lower in girls. 3 month olds with depressed mothers show significantly lower scores on the Griffiths Mental Development Scale, which covers a range of developmental areas including cognitive, motor and social development. It has been suggested that interactions between depressed mothers and their children may have an impact on social and cognitive abilities in later life.
Maternal depression has been shown to influence the mothers’ interaction with her child. When communicating with their child, depressed mothers fail to make changes to their vocal behaviour, and tend use unstructured vocal behaviours. Furthermore, when infants interact with depressed mothers they show signs of stress, such as increased pulse and raised cortisol levels, and make more use of avoidance behaviours, for example looking away, compared to those interacting with healthy mothers. The impact of mother-infant interaction at 2 months has been shown to affect the child’s cognitive performance at 5 years.
Maternal cocaine abuse.
Research has provided conflicting evidence regarding the impact of maternal substance abuse during and after pregnancy on children’s development. Children exposed to cocaine weigh less than those not exposed at numerous ages ranging from 6 to 30 months. Furthermore studies indicate that the head circumference of children exposed to cocaine is lower than those unexposed. On the other hand, two more recent studies found no significant differences between those exposed to cocaine and those who were not in either measure.
Maternal cocaine use may also affect the child’s cognitive development, with exposed children achieving lower scores on measures of psychomotor and mental development. However, again there is conflicting evidence, and a number of studies indicate no effect of maternal cocaine use on their child’s cognitive development.
Motor development can be negatively impacted by maternal cocaine abuse. As is the case for cognitive and physical development, there are also studies showing no effect of cocaine use on motor development.
Malnutrition.
Malnutrition is a large problem in developing nations, and has an important impact on young children’s weight and height. Children suffering malnutrition in Columbia weighed less than those living in upper class conditions at the age of 36 months (11.88 kg compared to 14 kg), similarly, malnourished children were shorter than well-nourished children, again at 36 months (85.3 cm in malnourished children; 94 cm in well-nourished children 
Malnutrition has been indicated as a negative influence on childhood Intelligence Quotient IQ. Although it is now suggested that this effect is nullified when parental IQ is considered, implying that this difference is genetic.
Nutrients.
The impact of low iron levels on cognitive development and IQ is a subject still to reach consensus. Some evidence suggests that well-nourished children with lower levels of iron and folate (although not at such a level to be considered deficient) have a lower IQ than those with higher levels of iron and folate. Furthermore, anaemic children perform worse on cognitive measures than non-anaemic children. These nutrients have been strongly implicated in brain development, along with iodine and zinc. Iodine is required for the generation of thyroid hormones necessary for brain development. Iodine deficiency may reduce IQ by an average of 13.5 points compared to healthy individual. Zinc deficiency has also been shown to have a negative impact on childhood growth and development.
Socioeconomic status.
Socioeconomic status is measured primarily based on the factors of income, educational attainment and occupation. Current investigations into the role of socioeconomic factors on child development repeatedly show that continual poverty is more harmful on Intelligence Quotient IQ, and cognitive abilities than short-lived poverty. 
Children in families who experience persistent financial hardships and poverty have significantly impaired cognitive abilities compared to those in families who do not face this issue. Low income poverty can cause a number of further issues shown to effect child development, such as malnutrition and lead poisoning due to lead paint found on the walls of some houses. Child blood levels of lead increase as income decreases. Income poverty is associated with a 6–13 point reduction in IQ for those earning half of the poverty threshold compared to those earning twice the poverty threshold. That being said, children coming from households featuring continual or temporary poverty still perform lower than children in middle-class families.
Parental educational attainment is the most significant socioeconomic factor in predicting the child’s cognitive abilities, those with a mother with high IQ are likely to have higher IQs themselves. Similarly, maternal occupation is associated with better cognitive achievement. Those whose mothers’ job entails problem-solving are more likely to be given stimulating tasks and games, and are likely to achieve more advanced verbal competency.
Poverty-stricken children are subjected to fewer stimulating recreational activities, often missing out on trips to libraries or museums, and are unable to access a tutor to help with problematic academic areas.
A further factor in a child’s educational attainment involves the school environment, more specifically teacher expectations and attitudes. It has been argued that teachers perceive low-SES children as being less academically able and as such provide them with less attention and reinforcement.
Parasites.
Diarrhea caused by the parasitic disease Giardiasis is associated with lower IQ. Parasitic worms (helminths) are associated with nutritional deficiencies that are known to be a risk to child development. In particular, intestinal parasitism being one of the most neglected tropical diseases in the developed world. Harboring of this parasite could adverse several health implications in children affecting childhood development and morbidity. Reducing the prevalence of the parasite can be a benefit in child growth, development and educational outcome.
Poisoning.
High levels of lead in the blood is associated with attention deficits, while arsenic poisoning has a negative effect on verbal and full Intelligence Quotient IQ. Manganese poisoning due to levels in drinking water is also associated with a reduced IQ of 6.2 points between the highest and lowest level of poisoning.
Prenatal exposure to various pesticides including organophosphates, and chlorpyrifos has also been linked to reduced IQ score. Organophosphates have been specifically linked to poorer working memory, verbal comprehension, perceptual reasoning and processing speed.
Other factors.
Cognitive development is related to childhood exposure to violence and trauma, including spousal abuse between the parents and sexual abuse.
Intrauterine growth retardation is associated with learning deficits in childhood, and as such, is related to lower IQ.

</doc>
<doc id="9627722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627722" title="Max Stafford-Clark">
Max Stafford-Clark

Maxwell Robert Guthrie Stewart ('Max') Stafford-Clark (born 17 March 1941) is an English theatre director.
Life and career.
He went to school at Felsted and Riverdale Country School in New York City. He has worked as a theatre director since he left Trinity College, Dublin. He was at Trinity at the same time as Terence Brady, Ralph Bates and Roger Ordish, who all went on to successful careers in acting and/or theatre production.
His directing career began as associate director of the Traverse Theatre, Edinburgh, in 1966. He became artistic director there from 1968–70. He was director of the Traverse Theatre Workshop Company from 1970 to 1974.
Stafford-Clark co-founded the Joint Stock Theatre Company in 1974. Joint Stock worked with writers using company research to inspire workshops. From these workshops, writers such as David Hare, Howard Brenton and Caryl Churchill would garner material to inspire a writing phase before rehearsals began. This methodology is sometimes referred to as The Joint Stock Method. Productions during this period included Hare's "Fanshen" (1975), Brenton's "Epsom Downs" and Churchill's "Cloud Nine" (1979) which Stafford-Clark directed, as well as "The Speakers", which was the first promenade production in England.
From 1979 to 1993 he was Artistic Director of the Royal Court Theatre. He was the Court's longest serving Artistic Director. In a difficult period for new writing, he helped nurture emerging playwrights such as Andrea Dunbar, Hanif Kureishi, Sarah Daniels and Jim Cartwright. During this time the theatre's productions included "Victory" by Howard Barker, "The Arbor" by Andrea Dunbar, "Insignificance" by Terry Johnson, "Our Country's Good by" Timberlake Wertenbaker and "Rat in the Skull" by Ron Hutchinson. Perhaps the most important commission and production of this era was "Top Girls" by Caryl Churchill (1982)
Academic credits include an honorary doctorate from Oxford Brookes University and Professorships at the University of Warwick and the University of Hertfordshire.
Out of Joint.
In 1993 he founded the Out of Joint touring company with producer Sonia Friedman. Recent productions include:
Personal life.
Stafford-Clark married, first, Carole Hayman in 1971 and, after that marriage was dissolved, Ann Pennington in 1981. In 2006, Stafford-Clark suffered a stroke. He returned to work and directed the production of "The Overwhelming" on Broadway in October 2007, as well as continuing to direct for Out of Joint. In August 2010 he married his third wife, the playwright Stella Feehily. He has one daughter, Kitty Stafford-Clark, by his second marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="9627730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627730" title="List of boroughs in Estonia">
List of boroughs in Estonia

The following is a list of boroughs () and small boroughs () in Estonia.
Small boroughs.
A.
Adavere -
Aespa -
Ahja -
Äksi -
Alatskivi -
Alu -
Ämari -
Ambla -
Aravete -
Ardu -
Are -
Aruküla -
Aseri -
Assaku -
Aste -
Audru -
Avinurme
E.
Eidapere -
Erra
H.
Haabneeme -
Häädemeeste -
Habaja -
Hageri -
Hagudi -
Haljala -
Halliste -
Harku -
Helme -
Hulja -
Hummuli
I.
Iisaku -
Ilmatsalu
J.
Juuru -
Jõgeva -
Jüri
K.
Käärdi -
Kadrina -
Kaerepere -
Käina -
Kaiu -
Kamari -
Kambja -
Kanepi -
Kangru -
Käravete -
Karjaküla -
Kärla -
Käru -
Kasepää -
Keava -
Kehtna -
Keila-Joa -
Kihelkonna -
Kiisa -
Kiiu -
Kiltsi -
Klooga -
Kobela -
Koeru -
Kolga -
Kolga-Jaani -
Kolkja -
Kõpu -
Kõrgessaare -
Kõrveküla -
Kose (Harju County) -
Kose (Võru County) -
Kose-Uuemõisa -
Kostivere -
Kudjape -
Kureküla -
Kuremaa -
Kuusalu -
Kuusiku
L.
Laagri -
Laatre -
Laekvere -
Lagedi -
Lähte -
Laiuse -
Lehtse -
Leisi -
Lelle -
Lepna -
Lohusuu -
Loo -
Lüganuse -
Luige -
Luunja
M.
Mäetaguse -
Märja -
Mehikoorma -
Misso -
Mooste -
Mustla
N.
Näpi - Nasva - Nõo
O.
Oisu -
Õisu -
Olgina -
Olustvere -
Orissaare -
Õru
P.
Pajusti -
Palamuse -
Palivere -
Paralepa -
Parksepa -
Peetri (Harju County) -
Peetri Järva County) -
Prillimäe -
Puhja -
Puka -
Puurmani
R.
Raasiku -
Rakke -
Ramsi -
Rannu -
Ravila -
Riisipere -
Risti -
Roela -
Roiu -
Rõngu -
Roosna-Alliku -
Rõuge -
Rummu
S.
Sääse -
Sadala -
Saku -
Salme -
Sangaste -
Särevere -
Sauga -
Siimusti -
Simuna -
Sinimäe -
Sõmerpalu -
Sõmeru -
Sonda
T.
Tabasalu -
Tabivere -
Taebla -
Tammiku -
Tihemetsa -
Toila -
Tõravere -
Tori -
Torma -
Tõrvandi -
Tõstamaa -
Tsirguliina -
Tudu -
Tudulinna -
Turba
U.
Uhtna -
Ülenurme -
Ulila -
Uuemõisa
V.
Väätsa -
Vahi
Vaida -
Väike-Maarja -
Väimela -
Valjala -
Vana-Antsla -
Varnja -
Värska -
Varstu -
Vasalemma -
Vastse-Kuuste -
Vastseliina -
Veriora -
Viimsi -
Viiratsi -
Vinni -
Virtsu -
Viru-Jaagupi -
Viru-Nigula -
Võiste -
Voka -
Võnnu -
Võõpsu -
Võsu

</doc>
<doc id="9627738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627738" title="Tom Grace">
Tom Grace

Thomas Oliver Grace (born 24 October 1948) was a University College Dublin RFC and St. Mary's College RFC winger in the 1960 and 1970s as well as playing for his province Leinster. He appeared for the Ireland during his career. He is best remembered for scoring Ireland's only try in the 10-10 draw with the All Blacks in 1973 at Lansdowne Road.
The following is an extract from a national newspaper reporting his try; ""In injury-time Ireland scored a great try as wing Tom Grace chipped the ball ahead and won the race for the line scoring wide on the right at the Havelock Square end. McGann's conversion seemed to be on target but was caught by a gust of wind and the ball drifted narrowly wide.""
He represented the British and Irish Lions on the 1974 tour to South Africa.
Grace played senior rugby for Newbridge College, and he is now Honorary Treasurer of the Irish Rugby Football Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9627741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627741" title="Tootsi">
Tootsi

Tootsi is a borough () in southwestern Estonia. Administratively it constitutes Tootsi Parish () — a rural municipality within Pärnu County. It has the population of 951 (as of 1 January 2009) and an area of 1.76 km².
Tootsi station on the Edelaraudtee's western route is located in the neighbouring Elbi village.

</doc>
<doc id="9627751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627751" title="ICC Women's Quadrangular Series in India in 2006/07">
ICC Women's Quadrangular Series in India in 2006/07

The ICC Women's Quadrangular Series in India in 2006/07 was a four team One Day International tournament involving the national teams of Australia, England, India and New Zealand. All of the matches are to be played in Chennai, at the IIT Chemplast Ground and the MA Chidambaram Stadium, between 21 February and 5 May 2007.
Group Stage Table.
Points System.
Win = 4 points
Tie or No Result = 2 points
Bonus = 1 point
Loss = 0 points
If the team batting first wins the match and restricts its opponents to 80% of its total, it gains a bonus point. If the team batting second wins the match in 40 overs, it gains a bonus point.
A team's run rate will be calculated by reference to the runs scored in an innings divided by the number of overs faced.
In the event of teams finishing on equal points, the right to play in the final will be determined as follows:
- The team with the most number of wins.
- If still equal, the team with the most number of wins over the other team(s) who are equal on points and have the same number of wins.
- If still equal, the team with the highest number of bonus points.
- If still equal, the team with the highest net run rate.

</doc>
<doc id="9627752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627752" title="Lavassaare">
Lavassaare

Lavassaare is a borough () in Audru Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 539 (as of 1 January 2009) and an area of 8.00 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9627757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627757" title="Sulem Sarai">
Sulem Sarai

Sulem Sarai is a locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="9627758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627758" title="Holy Vale">
Holy Vale

Holy Vale is a hamlet on the island of St Mary's, the largest of the Isles of Scilly. The name Holy Vale was originally "La Val" in 1301, it comes from the Norman French for "low lying, at the foot".
It was the scene of the murder of 18-year-old Stephen Menheniott by his father in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9627762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627762" title="Rambagh">
Rambagh

Rambagh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9627766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627766" title="Alexander de Kininmund (died 1380)">
Alexander de Kininmund (died 1380)

Alexander de Kininmund was a 14th-century Scottish cleric. Although it is not known which one, it is known that in his youth he went to university and achieved a Licentiate in the Arts.
Career.
He was made Dean of Brechin Cathedral in 1350, leaving this post in 1352 to become Archdeacon of Aberdeen. It was the later position that enabled him, after the death of Bishop John de Rate in either late 1354 or early 1355, to be elected as the new Bishop of Aberdeen. 
Upon receiving the request for confirmation by the new bishop and the chapter of Aberdeen, the Pope declared that he had previously reserved the see for his own choice and declared the election void. The Pope nevertheless supported the decision of the chapter and appointed Alexander as bishop on 4 December 1355. He was consecrated before 12 July 1356; according to Hector Boece, this took place at Perth in the presence of the king. Boece also wrote that King David II of Scotland had written to the chapter of Aberdeen requesting that they elect a French follower of his by the name of Nicholas, but that the chapter refused to accommodate this suggestion.
Pawn.
Alexander was one of the proctors appointed for the ransom of King David in 1357, after the latter had been taken as a hostage by the English crown at the Battle of Neville's Cross eleven years earlier. In 1362, King David granted the bishopric some land in the County of Banff to augment the income of a canon who in return would say mass for the souls of King David and his ancestors. Bishop Alexander died on 29 July 1380, and was buried before the altar of Aberdeen Cathedral. According to Hector Boece, he was at Scone when he died.

</doc>
<doc id="9627767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627767" title="Havana Club (Bacardi)">
Havana Club (Bacardi)

Havana Club is a rum made by Bacardi in Puerto Rico, with the original recipe of José Arechabala, and sold in the United States.
History.
Havana Club rum, was first created by José Arechabala in 1934 and sold throughout the world from his family-owned distillery in Cuba. After the Cuban Revolution of 1959, the distillery and company was nationalized by the Cuban government and the Arechabala family emigrated to the United States. The Arechabala family allowed the trademark to lapse in 1973.
In 1994 Bacardi entered into an alliance with the Arechabalas, and in 1997 the Arechabalas sold their residual rights to Havana Club to Bacardi, which, among other things, included the recipe for the original Havana Club rum.
During 1995 and 1996, Bacardi made a trial production of the rum in the Bahamas and was sold in the United States.
However, the "Havana Club" trademark was in the hands of Havana Club International (a business entity formed by the Cuban Government owners, and Pernod Ricard, the French owners of the Cuban Government brand) and owned the trademark in the United States through Inter-American Conventions.
After more than 10 years of legal struggles between the parties, on August 8, 2006, 5 days after the Cuban version of the trade mark was denied renewal in the United States, Bacardi released their own version of Havana Club (produced in Puerto Rico). the trademark dispute had not been settled.

</doc>
<doc id="9627777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627777" title="Ribeira de Piquín">
Ribeira de Piquín

Ribeira de Piquín is a town located in the province of Lugo, Galicia, northwestern Spain.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9627782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627782" title="Stephen Gardiner (architect)">
Stephen Gardiner (architect)

Stephen Gardiner OBE (25 April 1924 – 15 February 2007) was a British architect, teacher and writer.
Gardiner was born and raised in Chelsea in London. He was the younger son of Clive Gardiner, painter and principal of Goldsmiths College from 1929 to 1958, and Lilian Lancaster, also a painter and one of Walter Sickert's favourite pupils at the Slade. His paternal grandfather was the journalist A. G. Gardiner. His elder brother, Patrick Gardiner, became a professor of philosophy at the University of Oxford.
He was educated at Dulwich College, and served in the Royal Navy from 1942. He studied at the Architectural Association and qualified as an architect in 1948. He then worked for Wells Coates, then for short periods with Richard Blow and Peter Dickinson, and with Maxwell Fry and Jane Drew. He worked with Richard Sheppard from 1951 to 1957, working mainly on schools.
He founded his own practice in 1957, and was in partnership with Christopher Knight in the 1960s. Perhaps his crowning achievement was designing a new house at Stratton Park in Hampshire for Sir John Baring, replacing a late 18th-century house by George Dance with a modern building largely in brick with a steel conservatory. The original building was demolished, but the Tuscan portico was left standing as an architectural feature in front of the house. He also worked on many school buildings in and around London. He became a business partner of Joan Scotson in 1970, who later became his wife. He received the OBE in 2002 for his contribution to community architecture.
Concerned at the precarious nature of his profession, and the number of projects that were never built, he also taught architecture. He taught at the Architectural Association from 1955 to 1956, and at the Oxford School of Architecture (now part of Oxford Brookes University) from 1957 to 1968, at the University of Westminster from 1970 to 1974, at Washington University in St Louis in 1978, at Cheltenham College from 1979 to 1981, and at the University of London from 1981 to 1986.
Gardiner was also a writer. He wrote a thriller, "Death of an Artist" in 1958. He wrote for the "London Magazine" for 37 years, from 1964 to 2001, and was architectural correspondent for "The Observer" for 23 years, writing a weekly column from 1970 to 1993. He also wrote for "The Spectator", "The Times", the "Architectural Review", and the "RIBA Journal".
He also wrote several books on architectural subjects, including "Evolution of the House" (1974), a monongraph on "Le Corbusier" (Fontana Modern Masters, 1974), "Kuwait: The Making of a City" (1984) and "The House: Its Origins and Evolution" (2002). He wrote two biographies, "Epstein: Artist Against the Establishment" (1992), and "Frink, a life of the sculptor Elisabeth Frink" (1997). Le Corbusier was a significant influence on his professional work, and he knew both Jacob Epstein and Elisabeth Frink. He also published poetry, and exhibited paintings and drawings.
He married four times. His first marriage, to Shirley Warwick, second marriage, to Lucy Ward, and third marriage, to Shirley Blomfield, all ended in divorce. He married Joan Scotson in 1979, living on the King's Road in Chelsea until 2002, when they moved to Tunbridge Wells. He died at Pembury in Kent. He was survived by his fourth wife, and a son and daughter from his third marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="9627794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627794" title="1980 in Northern Ireland">
1980 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9627796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627796" title="Germán Carty">
Germán Carty

Luis Germán del Carmen Carty Monserrate (Born July 16, 1968 in Cañete) is a Peruvian professional football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Atlético Minero in the Peruvian Segunda División.
Club career.
Carty most prominently played for Cienciano. He was the top goalscorer as Cienciano won the 2003 Copa Sudamericana. During his career, he played for, among others, Coronel Bolognesi, Yurimaguas, Sport Boys, Universitario, Sporting Cristal and Alianza Lima in Peru, Mexican clubs Atlante F.C. and CD Irapuato, Salvadoran club C.D. Chalatenango, as well as Club Blooming in Bolivia. He is nowadays the oldest active player in the Peruvian championship.
International career.
Carty has made 25 appearances for the Peru national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9627810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627810" title="Alexander Kininmonth">
Alexander Kininmonth

Alexander Kininmonth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9627811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627811" title="St. Christopher's School, Bristol">
St. Christopher's School, Bristol

St Christopher's School is located in Bristol, England. It is a special needs residential independent school for around 50 children and young people aged 7 to 19,
who have severe and complex learning difficulties, or profound and multiple learning difficulties. They all have special requirements for their care and education.
Many of the pupils have language and communication disorders, some have physical disabilities and some display challenging behaviour. Some of the additional conditions are autism spectrum disorder, epilepsy, Rett Syndrome and Angelman Syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="9627812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627812" title="Western blue-tongued lizard">
Western blue-tongued lizard

The western blue-tongued lizard, Tiliqua occipitalis, (also known as the western blue-tongued skink) is a large skink native to Australia. It is one of six species of blue-tongued lizards found in Australia, though further species are found in New Guinea and Indonesia.
The western blue-tongued lizard grows to around 45 cm (18 in) in length. It has a brown, banded pattern across the body and tail; the underside of the body is usually pale. It has distinctive black markings to the rear of each eye. The body is wide and large in comparison to the size of the legs. As its name suggests, it has a blue tongue, which contrasts with the pink interior of its mouth. When threatened, it may open its mouth and stick out its tongue in a threat display. If the initial display is unsuccessful, and the predator or threat does not retreat, it may hiss and flatten out its body in an attempt to make itself look bigger.
It is diurnal, hunting for insects, spiders, and snails, and foraging for plants (particularly berries) and carrion. It is not an agile lizard, so its prey tends to be slow-moving. It has powerful jaws which allow it break up snail shells and the exoskeletons of beetles. It is found in grasslands, dunes, shrublands, and sparse woodlands. It rests under leaf litter or rocks at night, and sometimes uses abandoned rabbit burrows for shelter. Blue-tongued lizards are popular pets and can live for up to 30 years in captivity, though the western blue-tongued lizard is extremely uncommon as a pet, as it is one of the rarer species.
They give birth to approximately five live young. The young consume the placental membrane immediately after birth, and are precocious and disperse after a few days. They have bands of yellow and brown on their bodies and tails.
The western blue-tongued lizard is found chiefly in Western Australia. It is restricted to the far south in the Northern Territory, and divided into an eastern and western population in South Australia. It is listed as "Near Threatened" in Victoria, where it is restricted to the north, and "Threatened" in New South Wales, where it exists as a population to the southwest and in a pocket in the centre of the state. Threats to the species include predation by introduced species such as the red fox and domestic cat, clearance of habitat for agriculture, and destruction of the rabbit warrens used for shelter.

</doc>
<doc id="9627824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627824" title="Zil-e-Huma Usman Shaheed">
Zil-e-Huma Usman Shaheed

Zil-e-Huma Usman Shaheed (1975 – February 19, 2007) was a young Pakistani legislator and a minister for social welfare in the cabinet of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab. She was a member of the Pakistan Muslim League party. She was shot to dead in Gujranwala in broad daylight on February 19, 2007, by Islamic fanatic Mullah Sarwar, who believed the presence of women in politics was un-Islamic.
Her supporters have christened her a martyr in the cause of women's rights in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9627843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627843" title="Patrick Arnold">
Patrick Arnold

Patrick Arnold is an American organic chemist known for introducing androstenedione, 1-Androstenediol, and methylhexanamine into the dietary supplement market, and for creating the designer steroid tetrahydrogestrinone, also known as THG and "the clear". THG, along with two other anabolic steroids that Patrick Arnold manufactured (norbolethone and desoxymethyltestosterone (DMT), were drugs at the heart of the BALCO professional sports doping scandal. At the time of their creation, they were not on any banned substance list. BALCO distributed these worldwide to world class athletes from a wide variety of sports ranging from track and field to professional baseball and football.
Patrick Arnold also reintroduced methylhexanamine into the market as a dietary supplement under the mark Geranamine, a substance that has gained popularity. 
Arnold, who is also an amateur bodybuilder, initially gained notoriety as "the Father of Prohormones."
Life and early career.
Arnold grew up in Guilford, Connecticut. At age 11 he started working out after his father gave him a set of weights. During the late 1970s and early '80s, despite following protein diets, he grew frustrated with his inability to put on much muscle mass. According to his version of events, Arnold's first contact with steroids happened when "a guy in a gym got him a cheap counterfeit steroid that contained just enough methyltestosterone that it added 10 pounds of muscle in all the right places." This sparked his interest in chemistry, and in 1990 Arnold graduated with a bachelors degree in chemistry from the University of New Haven.
After graduation Arnold took a lab job in New Jersey that allowed him enough free time to research performance enhancers. He also took classes on organic synthesis at the University of Connecticut and Montclair State, and "devoured" books on supplements and steroids, studying both approved and unapproved Western drugs and those used by the East Germans in their doping heyday.
In 1996 he befriended Dan Duchaine, who introduced Arnold to Stan Antosh, the owner of Osmo Therapy, a supplement company then based in San Francisco. Antosh persuaded Arnold to move his research to a small company in Seymour, Illinois, called Bar North America, which was owned by Ramlakhan Boodram. In Seymour, Arnold reviewed old patents looking for drugs that had never made it to market or were used only briefly. Later that year he introduced androstenedione to the North American market, which became successful after Mark McGwire was found using it. But because their company didn't sell andro directly to consumers — but only as an ingredient to other supplement makers — Arnold missed out on a financial windfall.
In 2001 Arnold's company introduced the prohormone 1-Androstenediol, under the marketing name 1-AD. Like andro, 1-AD is a prohormone that is easily converted by the body into 1-testosterone, and it sold well. But the boom was short-lived. In January '05 an amendment to the federal Controlled Substance Act banned prohormones. The company lost 60% of their sales, and became unprofitable.
According to Arnold, Victor Conte contacted him in 2000 seeking undetectable drugs. Arnold offered norbolethone, which he had synthesized in 1998. About this new venture Arnold recalls "I didn't feel I was jumping into anything more than potential problem with a sports governing body," and motivates his involvement with his curiosity about the responsiveness of well-trained athletes and a little pride in his own work. In 2001 Arnold switched to providing Conte with tetrahydrogestrinone after norbolethone started to draw scrutiny from drug testers.
Notoriety.
Patrick Arnold first gained notoriety for bringing the prohormone androstenedione (more commonly known as 'andro') to the market in 1996. In 1998, Mark McGwire of the St. Louis Cardinals was found by a reporter to have a bottle of androstenedione in his locker, which led to controversy regarding the status of the supplement as an unfair performance enhancer.
Patrick received a degree in chemistry from the University of New Haven in 1990. In the early 90's he worked in the chemical industry at companies such as Uniroyal Chemical and ISP Technologies as well as attended graduate school. Patrick left the industry to join the nutritional supplement industry in 1996 when he traveled to Illinois from Connecticut to start LPJ Research with Ramlakhan Boodram of Champaign. In 2003, Boodram and Arnold changed the name of the company to Proviant Technologies. Proviant markets sports nutrition supplements under the brand name Ergopharm. In 2009, Arnold split from Ergopharm and now markets his supplements under the brand names E-Pharm and Prototype Nutrition.
Time in prison.
Arnold was sentenced to three months in prison at Federal Correctional Institution, Morgantown in West Virginia for his role in the BALCO incident.

</doc>
<doc id="9627851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627851" title="Conversations with Mother">
Conversations with Mother

Conversations with Mother () is a 2004 Argentine comedy-drama film directed and written by Santiago Carlos Oves.
The film stars Eduardo Blanco as a middle-aged man who has just lost his job and who has about to lose his home, his wife and his entire Argentinian-bourgeois world and China Zorrilla as his octogenarian mother.
The film was nominated for three awards and won two awards with actress China Zorilla winning at the 26th Moscow International Film Festival and nominated for a Silver Condor Best Actress Award at the Argentine Film Critics Association Awards in 2005.
The film premiered on 15 April 2004 in Argentina and appeared in over ten countries worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="9627852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627852" title="Front Street (Philadelphia)">
Front Street (Philadelphia)

Front Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is a north-south street running parallel to and near the Delaware River. It was constructed when Philadelphia was laid out by William Penn in 1682.
Front Street is the origin street of Philadelphia's numbered street grid; there is no First Street, Front Street exists in its place, and numbered streets begin at the next major block with Second Street, approximately one-tenth of a mile to the west.
At least three stations of SEPTA's Market–Frankford Line are built above Front Street. They consist of Girard Station, Berks Station, and York–Dauphin Station. SEPTA also gives the address of Spring Garden Station as being on Front Street, however the actual location is in the median of Interstate 95 over Spring Garden Street, just west of Front Street.

</doc>
<doc id="9627853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627853" title="Dan Peppe">
Dan Peppe

Dan Peppe is a British record producer. In the mid to late '90s Peppe was a core member of the group Agent Provocateur alongside John Gosling (of Psychic TV), Matthew Ashman (originally of Bow Wow Wow) Danny Saber (of Black Grape) and Cleo Torez. Peppe went on to record under the name Themroc.
In 2000 Peppe released his first material under the Themroc name, which is taken from the title of an avant garde French movie from 1972 by Claude Faraldo. His first two EPs were aimed squarely at the breakbeat scene and gained a warm reception in the clubs. However, Peppe adopted a more ambitious approach for his debut LP, Beyond These Things. The album’s stylistic influences included electro, house, breakbeat, techno and ambient. Featuring the acclaimed hits ‘Bloodline’ and ‘Gold Is Your Metal’, the album was fêted by leading UK DJs including Trevor Jackson and Andrew Weatherall.The album was awarded Mixmag magazine’s Essential Album by Pete Tong and the single 'Bloodline' featured in MTV's top 100 dance tracks of all time.
The release of the album was somewhat overshadowed by Peppe’s high-profile affair with radio and television personality Zoë Ball, wife of Norman Cook aka Fatboy Slim. The extra-marital affair attracted much tabloid newspaper coverage and inadvertently catapulted Peppe’s and, by association, Themroc’s name into the limelight until the controversy abated.
He has had productions feature on "Wipeout Pure", "", "The Jackal".
More recently Peppe has established himself as a composer for TV and film.
in 2007 Peppe married the photographer Charlotte Macmillan.
In 2009 Peppe remixed the track Atlas by Battles,this remix was then used in a Honda commercial

</doc>
<doc id="9627873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627873" title="Warren Vale Colliery">
Warren Vale Colliery

Warren Vale Colliery was a coal mine, also known as Piccadilly Colliery, situated alongside Warren Vale Road, between Rawmarsh and Swinton, South Yorkshire, England, in the valley of the Collier Brook, which runs east, for about two miles towards Kilnhurst.
Sinking of the colliery commenced in the late 1840s with production commencing towards the end of 1850. The colliery was owned by Earl Fizwilliam, and was worked by Wakefield–based agents J. & J. Charlesworth & Company. Coal was worked from two seams, the 5 ft. seam was worked at a depth of 90 yards, the 9 ft. seam being found at 127 yards. These seams were connected by a shaft.
The colliery was rail connected to another Charlesworth operation, Kilnhurst Colliery and so to the main line railway (The Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway, Sheffield to Doncaster line). Some small buildings are still standing on the site (2007) and the track of the railway towards Kilnhurst is now a footpath.
Following closure part of the site became the works of Bessacarr Caravans.
Early accident.
The colliery had been operating for less than a year when, in December 1851 an accident took place. The Underground Steward went to inspect the workings just prior to the start of the day shift (around 6 a.m.) and was followed shortly afterwards by the miners.
About an hour later an explosion took place which ""astounded not only those at the pit but the whole neighbourhood"". Two corves (small tubs of coal), one filled with 16 cwts.(approx. 1650 kg) of coal and one empty, were propelled skyward out of the shaft and became entangled in the headgear. Another report pointed out that "Some idea may be formed of the effect of the explosion, when it is stated that a man standing at a door of a cottage, upwards of a mile distant, was completely blackened!"
By 9.30 a.m. repairs had been effected to the headgear to enable access to the mine and 14 injured men and boys were lifted out. By mid-afternoon a further 24 men and boys were brought out alive with the first of those killed.
The cause of the explosion, which took place in the northern end of the 9 ft. seam, was cited as a roof fall which blocked the air flow and caused a buildup of foul air which was forced into areas where the miners were working with candles to give light.
In total 51 persons were killed, 24 of these being 16 years or below. In some cases these were fathers and sons, working together.
The coroner recorded a verdict of accidental death and commented in his summing up of the lack of inspectors for coal mines, there being only 4 of these in the country, and suggested that the Government should increase this number as soon as possible for the benefit and safety of the workers involved in the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9627874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627874" title="Chimney Tops">
Chimney Tops

Chimney Tops is a mountain in the central Great Smoky Mountains, located in the Southeastern United States. It has an elevation of above sea level. It is one of the park's most recognizable geological structures and a popular hiking destination.
Chimney Tops is a double-capstone knob on the eastern slope of the Sugarland Mountain massif. This massif stretches north-to-south across the north-central section of the Smokies. Mount Le Conte dominates the area immediately east of Chimney Tops, and Mt. Mingus rises to the north. Thus, while the view from the summit is 360 degrees, Chimney Tops is practically "walled in" on three sides.
Geology.
Chimney Tops is one of the few instances of a bare rock summit in the Smokies. Over the centuries, the bedrock atop the mountain has been exposed through natural weathering of the upper layers of soil strata. This rock is mostly Anakeesta Formation metamorphic rock, especially slate, phyllite, and metasiltsone. The grainy, contorted capstones offer excellent footholds and handholds for climbing.
Like most of the Appalachian Mountains, Chimney Tops was formed 200 million years ago when the North American and African plates collided during the Appalachian orogeny.
History.
The Cherokee name for Chimney Tops is "Duniskwalgunyi", or "forked antler", referring to its resemblance to the antlers of a deer. In the Cherokee legend "Aganunitsi and the Uktena", the captured medicine man, Aganunitsi, in exchange for his freedom, searches remote parts of the Smokies in hopes of finding the giant reptile, the Uktena, and seizing a powerful amulet from its forehead. In his quest, Aganunitsi searches distant gaps and peaks in the Smokies before he "went on to Duniskwalgunyi, the Gap of the Forked Antler, and to the enchanted lake of Atagahi, and at each found monstrous reptiles, but he said they were nothing."
The Road Prong Trail, which follows the stream of the same name at the base of Chimney Tops, is one of the oldest trails in the Smokies. In the 18th and 19th centuries, this ancient path was known commonly as the Indian Gap Trail. In 1832, the Oconaluftee Turnpike was constructed between Indian Gap and Smokemont. This road was expanded during the Civil War by Cherokee leader Col. Will Thomas, running parallel to the modern trail.
The mountain's current name was probably given to it by residents of the Sugarlands, a valley to the north of the mountain that was home to a small Appalachian community before the national park was formed. Before the Sugarlands was reforested, Chimney Tops was clearly visible from most of the valley. Local legend even suggested that the top of the mountain was covered in soot.
Access.
By far the most common route to the top of Chimney Tops is the Chimney Tops Trail, which can be accessed from Newfound Gap Road (US-441). While the trailhead is clearly marked, it shouldn't be confused with the Chimneys Picnic Area, which is a few miles to the north. The trail ends at the foot of the south capstone (the higher of the two), but various unmaintained spurs cross over to the lower summit.
Another route is to follow the Appalachian Trail west from Newfound Gap to the Road Prong Trail. The Road Prong Trail, following the river at the base of the mountain, connects the Appalachian Trail with the Chimney Tops Trail. This route is twice as long as the route from the Chimney Tops parking lot.
While no technical gear is needed, a short climb is necessary to reach the top of the capstones. From the summit, Mount Le Conte and Mount Kephart dominate the view to the east and Sugarland Mountain dominates the view to the west. On a clear day, the Sugarlands valley is visible to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="9627877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627877" title="Mavis Pugh">
Mavis Pugh

Mavis Gladys Fox Pugh (25 June 1914 – 6 December 2006) was an English actress who made many appearances as mainly upper class ladies in several sitcoms including "Dad's Army", "Are You Being Served?" and "Fawlty Towers", as well as having a regular role in "You Rang, M'Lord?". Before appearing on television, she had a long and successful career doing rep theatre, including at Arthur Brough Players.
Early life.
Mavis Gladys Fox Pugh was born in Croydon, Surrey in 1914. Her father was a London solicitor, and her acting talent was first noticed while performing in school plays at Downs College in Folkestone, Kent. Pugh won a scholarship to the International School of Acting. Having worked in rep in Amersham, Buckinghamshire, Pugh toured in 1939 with "My Wife's Family" and in 1943 made her West End debut in "Junior Miss". As well as doing several years in rep, Pugh toured music halls and clubs with Hugh Paddick with the pair trying to beat each other's ad-libbing.
While performing at the Golders Green Hippodrome in 1956, she was spotted by Jimmy Perry, who then invited her to join his rep company at the Palace Theatre in Watford. There she met John Clegg, an actor who would later appear in "Dad's Army", "Are You Being Served?" and "You Rang, M'Lord?", but is perhaps best known as Mr La-di-da Gunner Paderewski' Graham in the BBC sitcom "It Ain't Half Hot Mum", and they married in 1959.
Later life.
Pugh did not begin her television career until she was in her sixth decade, with an appearance in the 1974 "Dad's Army" episode "The Captain's Car". Two years later she appeared in one episode of "It Ain't Half Hot Mum", and in "Are You Being Served?" in the episode "Fifty Years On". She also appeared in two other "Are You Being Served?" episodes, "Take-over" and "The Club", both as different characters. In 1979, Pugh played Mrs Chase in the "Fawlty Towers" episode "The Kipper and the Corpse". Pugh had small parts in two films, "The Class of Miss MacMichael" in 1978 and "Brothers and Sisters" in 1980.
Pugh appeared in two episodes of "Hi-de-Hi!" as The Hon. Winifred Dempster, the aunt of camp entertainments manager Clive Dempster, the 1986 episode "Wedding Bells" and 1988 episode "God Bless Our Family". From 1987 to 1988, she played Mrs Barrable in four episodes of the Ronnie Corbett sitcom "Sorry!". In 1989, she appeared in an episode of "Alas Smith and Jones" and an episode of "Boon" the following year. The largest role of her television career was that of Lady Lavender in all 26 episodes of "You Rang, M'Lord?", from 1988 to 1993.
Mavis Pugh died in Chichester, West Sussex on 6 December 2006 aged 92.

</doc>
<doc id="9627879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627879" title="New Market, Dhaka">
New Market, Dhaka

New Market () is a commercial shopping market in north of Azimpur, Dhaka.
History.
The construction of the market started in 1952 by CBD during the period of Nurul Amin, the Chief Minister of East Pakistan. Construction was completed in 1954. This heralded the beginning of a new area of development towards modernizing Dhaka. Rickshaw ride or walking along the narrow lanes of old Dhaka for shopping was not a happy experience for families. Old Dhaka was too conservative, noisy and crowded. Ironically, Mr. Nurul Amin’s modernization project boomeranged as people talked against it. Some believed New Market and Shahbagh Hotel were made exclusively for Nurul Amin’s family.
Architecture.
New Market area is triangular in shape with high arched entry gates on three sides. There were spaces for 440 shops and a triangular lawn at the center. The total area was of land. 
Legacy.
In 50's and 60's, it was the most popular place for shopping as well as recreation. "Novelty", an ice-cream shop, was one of the most popular destinations of the young people. In the 80’s, 3 more New Market blocks were constructed on the north under Dhaka City Corporation e.g. "New Super Market" for crockeries, "Bonolata" for kitchen market, "Chandrima" and "Gausia" market for varieties of items and D block for groceries, each having over thousand shops. The nice green park inside has been converted into a mosque at first floor level with sixty new shops under it. There is a mosque inside the New Market area which is called Aeroplane Mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="9627888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627888" title="Can't Buy My Love">
Can't Buy My Love

Can't Buy My Love is the second album of Japanese singer and songwriter Yui. The album was released 4 April 2007 and reached No. 1 on the Oricon charts.
The album title, Can't Buy My Love's message is "Ai suru mono ni wa kantan ni wa yuzurenai" (愛する ものには 簡単には 譲れない) which means in English "I can't easily hand over things that I adore."

</doc>
<doc id="9627896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627896" title="Herbert Guðmundsson">
Herbert Guðmundsson

Herbert "Hebbi" Guðmundsson (born December 15, 1953) is an Icelandic pop music singer-songwriter. He is best known for his songs "Svaradu", "Time", "Hollywood" and "Can‘t Walk Away", which reached No. 1 on the Icelandic listings chart in 1985.
Life and career.
Herbert Guðmundsson first became widely known in Iceland when offered to sing with the band Tilvera in 1971, which was one of the most popular bands in Iceland at the time along with Trúbrot and Ævintýri. Herbert took part in the first staging of "Jesus Christ Superstar" in Iceland in 1972, and soon after the staging of "Faust" at the National Theater of Iceland and fronted various Icelandic bands, including Elífð, Tilvera, Stofnþel, Eik, Pelican, Dínamít and the band Kan.
Guðmundsson released his debut album "Á ströndinni" in 1977 with the band Eik. Although he released his first album then, it has been stated that his career officially started in 1965 when he was only 12 years old in a school band. The band Kan recorded the album "Í Ræktinni" with Herbert including the songs "Megi sá draumur" and "Vestfjarðaróður" in 1984.
In 1985 Herbert embarked upon a solo career with his third album "Dawn Of The Human Revolution". He released the first single "Can't Walk Away", which instantly became a major hit in Iceland and topped the charts for a couple of weeks.
Herbert on Youtube.
One of the first songs written by Herbert - Twenty One
References.
http://nemendur.ru.is/edvaldig02/smartes/index.asp?adgerd=listar

</doc>
<doc id="9627901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627901" title="NSW State League Division 1">
NSW State League Division 1

The NSW State League Division 1 is a regional Australian semi-professional association football league comprising teams from New South Wales. The league sits at Level 3 on the New South Wales league system (Level 4 of the overall Australian league system). The competition is administered by Football NSW, the governing body of the sport in the southern region of the state (the northern region governed by Northern NSW Football).
Format.
There are 26 rounds in total with each team playing each other twice: home and away. The final series consists of five teams' semis:

</doc>
<doc id="9627919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627919" title="Rickenbacker 360">
Rickenbacker 360

The Rickenbacker 360 is an electric, semi-acoustic guitar made by Rickenbacker, and part of the Rickenbacker 300 Series. The instrument incorporates many features standard on Rickenbacker guitars, including a three-ply maple/walnut neck, shallow headstock angle, a thick rosewood fretboard finished with clear conversion varnish, and double truss rods. The 360 also features stereo or mono output, a body with Rickenbacker's "crescent moon" cutaway shape and rounded top edge and bound back, and an "R"-shaped trapeze tailpiece. A twelve-string version of the 360 (Rickenbacker 360/12) is available. A three-pickup version of this model is also available, the 370.
Some famous recordings by The Beatles, including "A Hard Days Night", were performed by George Harrison on a 12-string Rickenbacker 360. Roger McGuinn, of the Byrds, played a 12-string Rickenbacker 370. The six-string Rickenbacker 360 model is the principal guitar of artists such as R.E.M.'s Peter Buck and Against Me!'s Laura Jane Grace. The 360 used to be produced with slanted frets for 'a natural finger angle' but this proved to be a step too far for the market and Rickenbacker started making guitars with parallel frets.

</doc>
<doc id="9627923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627923" title="1979 in Northern Ireland">
1979 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9627926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627926" title="List of members of the Flemish Parliament">
List of members of the Flemish Parliament

This is a list of current Members of the Flemish Parliament, arranged alphabetically. The Flemish Parliament is in its 12th legislature, which started in June 2004 (after the Belgian regional elections of 2014) and will last until 2019. However, it is only the fifth legislature since the Members of the Flemish Parliament were first elected.
Leadership.
Bureau.
This is a list of the current members of the Bureau of the Flemish Parliament.
Floor leaders.
This is a list of the current floor leaders ("fractieleiders") of the recognised parliamentary groups ("fracties"). They form the Extended Bureau together with the members of the Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="9627948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627948" title="Bill Griggs">
Bill Griggs

Dr William "Bill" Middleton Griggs AM ASM, began his medical career in 1976 as a volunteer paramedic while studying as a medical student. As a paramedic he attended his 100th fatal road crash prior to graduating as a doctor in 1981. Since then he has had a long involvement in the care of the injured and has been involved in caring for the victims of many multiple casualty events, including structure collapses, bombings, bus, train and aircraft crashes. He has completed many hundreds of aeromedical retrievals including a number of maritime helicopter winch rescues. He has also been deployed, as either a Royal Australian Air Force Specialist reservist or as a civilian, to manage evacuations and tend to victims in a number of disasters including both the 2002 and 2005 Bali Bombings, the 2004 Boxing Day Tsunami, the crash of Garuda Indonesia Flight 200 in Yogyakarta in 2007, the maritime fire/explosion at Ashmore Reef in 2009 and the Samoan tsunami in 2009. He is considered a world authority on trauma and disaster medicine.
In 1989 he invented a surgical instrument and a procedure, now called the "Griggs technique", to perform percutaneous tracheotomy and make an artificial airway for the critically ill and injured. This technique is used worldwide and was used to help Pope John Paul II in February 2005.
He has strong interests in road safety and injury prevention. In 2004 he conceived, designed and funded the Roads 2 Survival Program, a community-based young person road safety initiative.
Positions.
Dr Griggs' specialty is trauma and retrieval; he is the Director of Trauma Services and Senior Consultant (Intensive Care, Retrieval Services and Anaesthetics) at Royal Adelaide Hospital. He is Director, Retrieval Coordination for MedSTAR Emergency Medical Retrieval. He is the South Australian State Controller (Health and Medical) for disasters. He is a Clinical Associate Professor at Adelaide University and has previously been a senior lecturer at Griffith University and the University of Otago. He also works for the South Australian Ambulance Service and has been a volunteer with St John Ambulance Australia since the mid-1970s. He was one of the founding members and is a past president of the Australasian Trauma Society.
Dr Griggs serves Australia as a Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force Specialist Reserve (Medical). He saw active service in the Gulf War attached to the US Navy hospital ship "Comfort" and the US Navy aircraft carrier "Ranger", and was honoured by the United States with a Navy Unit Commendation.
Deployments.
In 1991 he deployed to the Gulf War with the Australian Defence Force during Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm.
In 1994 and 1998 he deployed to Bougainville in support of the peace efforts there.
In 1999, Dr Griggs was deployed as a civilian to Darwin and East Timor to provide emergency aeromedical evacuation support to the United Nations Emergency Mission in East Timor.
In 1999, Dr Griggs was deployed with the Royal Australian Air Force to East Timor as part of INTERFET and was based in Dili, where he worked with the First Field Surgical Team (1FST) and with the Australian Army's 5th Aviation Regiment.
In 2002, Dr Griggs played an active role in the Australian medical response to the first Bali Bombings, helping to coordinate the evacuation of those injured in the attack through Darwin to the Major Trauma and Burns Units all around Australia.
In 2004, Dr Griggs was on the first Australian military aircraft into Banda Aceh as part of the military response following the Asian Boxing Day Tsunami disaster.
In 2005, Dr Griggs was involved in the Australian response to the second Bali Bombings, travelling to Bali on the first Australian C-130 and working as part of a RAAF Critical Care Aeromedical Evacuation (AME) Team.
In 2007, Dr Griggs deployed to Yogyakarta in Indonesia as part of a RAAF medical response to the crash of Garuda Indonesia Flight 200.
In 2009, Dr Griggs deployed to Truscott Airfield in West Australia with the RAAF to assist in the medical evacuation of the victims of the fire/explosion on Suspected Illegal Entry Vessel (SIEV) 36 at Ashmore Reef.
In 2009, Dr Griggs led the South Australian Australian Disaster Medical Assistance Team (AUSMAT) which deployed to Samoa following the October earthquake/tsunami.
Honours.
Dr Griggs was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in the 2003 Queen's Birthday Honours for service to medicine, particularly through trauma, emergency and care management and education, and critical care and retrieval and in support of the Australian Defence Force.
In 2006, Dr Griggs was the recipient of the award of Australian of the Year for South Australia and was a national finalist.
In 2006, Dr Griggs was awarded the Keys to the City of Adelaide.
Dr Griggs was awarded the Ambulance Service Medal in the 2009 Queen's Birthday Honours.
In 2009, Dr Griggs was named the South Australian of the Year for 2009.
In 2010, Dr Griggs was chosen to appear on the cover of the 2010/2011 Adelaide White Pages Telephone Directory under the theme "Courageous Australians" as a result of a rescue in which he was involved during 1994.
Education.
Dr Griggs attended Prince Alfred College. He then obtained his MBBS from the University of Adelaide in 1981 and the FFARACS (Anaesthesia - 1986 and Intensive Care - 1989) followed by the FANZCA in 1992, FFICANZCA in 1993 and FJFICM in 2002. He obtained his Post Graduate Diploma in Aviation Medicine from the University of Otago in 2000. He qualified for his MBA from the University of Adelaide in December 2009.
Dr Griggs was made a Clinical Associate Professor at the University of Adelaide at the end of 2006.
Publications.
Dr Griggs has written over 70 articles and publications appearing in various journals. A full list can be found here: http://www.rah.sa.gov.au/trauma/publications_griggs.php
External links.
Royal Australian Air Force newsletter
Working in Banda Aceh
Working in Samoa
Australian of the Year award 2006
Member of the Order of Australia (9 June 2003)
National Medal (30 April 1993) and first clasp (19 August 2002)
Ambulance Service Medal (8 June 2009)
South Australian of the Year 2009 
University of Adelaide 
Royal Adelaide Hospital Trauma Service
Roads 2 Survival 
Percutaneous Tracheostomy and Pope John Paul II 
2010/2011 Adelaide White Pages Telephone Directory
Copyright photos: 1999,2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="9627953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627953" title="The Mercat Shopping Centre">
The Mercat Shopping Centre

The Mercat Shopping Centre is located in Kirkcaldy, the largest town in Fife, Scotland, United Kingdom. The Mercat has three anchor stores; Marks and Spencer, Bhs and TK Maxx. The Mercat - including surrounding areas - accounts for at least 30% of all the floorspace in Kirkcaldy town centre, which in total is and providing as much as 200 shops, making Kirkcaldy the largest shopping area in Fife.
The shopping centre was built in two phases between 1972 and 1981-83 with a refurbishment completed in 1997. A proposal to extend the shopping centre for a third phase is pending.
The site has been owned by City Site Estates since 2005 after being disposed of by GA Capital who bought over previous owners, Haslemere Estates Management Ltd.
History.
Kirkcaldy Town council considered a controversial redevelopment of Kirkcaldy town centre in January 1964, which was only passed by a narrow margin, after a fiercely contested public inquiry. A plot of land situated between the High Street and the Esplanade was purchased in April 1964 for demolition as the new site of the shopping centre. Four Streets consisting of Market, Cowie, Rose and Thistle were all lost.
First phase.
Construction of the shopping centre was supposed to commence building work in Autumn 1967, but the project was delayed until the early 1970s.
Work finally began on the first phase of The Mercat in 1971 - and buildings numbered from 94-112 in the High Street including the birthplace of Adam Smith, were demolished.
This was to contain initially 29 units, a major department store and one multi-storey car park - for completion in 1972.
Second phase.
The success of the Mercat, prompted an extension which was given the green light in 1978. The extension dubbed "Mercat II" was built, alongside a second multi-storey car park, by Michael Laird and Partners between 1981 and 1983. The Car Park, despite only been two storey, was known for presenting a deep roof, identical dormers and separated wrought-iron inserts on the wall.
Third phase proposal.
A second extension for the Mercat is being planned to be built at the earliest opportunity if permission is granted by Fife Council. This would result in the demolition of either or both of The Mercat and Thistle Street Car Parks so the centre can expand over the site, or a possible refurbishment. This could significantly boost Kirkcaldy's current shopping facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="9627972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627972" title="Hiroshi Kazato">
Hiroshi Kazato

He died at 25 years old at Fuji Speedway, during a Fuji Grand Champion series race after colliding with Seiichi Suzuki. After this incident, the circuit was modified in 1975, cancelling the first fastest turn.

</doc>
<doc id="9627999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627999" title="Govindpur, Allahabad">
Govindpur, Allahabad

Govindpur is one of the oldest colonies established by Allahabad Development Authority back in 1981 at the bank of river Ganges. 
Geography.
The approximate area of the colony is 1.5 km2. It is situated on a plateau which protects it from the frequent floods of the river Ganges. It has three level of residential structures, EWS (economically weaker section), LIG (lower income group), MIG (middle income group) and HIG (higher income group)- representing a typical socio econimical class structure in India. It also comprises plots which gives it more elegant look. 
Transportation.
It is very well connected by local transport with the rest of the city with indigenous developed vehicles called "Vikram" supported by limited bus service.
Facilities.
The oldest shop is that of Moti Yadav who sells sweets, samosas and tea. The main markets are Aashiyana market, Jeeshan market. Nearby localities are Chandpur, Salori, Bhulai ka Purwa, Chilla village, Shivpuri and Shivkuti. The best part of the place is at tikona park which houses LIG flats from 1 to 50. There is Uptron chowraha in Govindpur which is a local get together place for youngsters.There are two Durga Puja Parks here. Mamta Sweets is one of the sweet shop.

</doc>
<doc id="9628004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628004" title="Katie Wilkins">
Katie Wilkins

Katie Wilkins (born 10 May 1982, Lakeside, California) is a professional volleyball player. She has been a member of Team USA since 2002 and plays professionally for the Hungkuk Pink Spiders in South Korea's Hillstate Women's Volleyball League.
Wilkins graduated from Valley Christian High in El Cajon, California in 2000. She attended Pepperdine University and was selected for the All-America first team by the American Volleyball Coaches Association in 2003 after 2 prior selections for the second team. During her time at Pepperdine, the team made four appearances in the NCAA Championships, reaching the "Elite 8" on two occasions, as well as being seeded first in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9628015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628015" title="Philip Glassborow">
Philip Glassborow

Philip Glassborow is a playwright, lyricist and composer who writes for theater, radio and television. His best-known theater musical is the cult hit The Great Big Radio Show! (music and lyrics) with book in collaboration with Nick McIvor, which won a special prize in the Vivian Ellis Awards and was premiered by the Watermill Theatre in Newbury, showcased at the Bridewell Theatre in London, and presented by New York’s off-Broadway York Theatre Company in their prestigious “Musicals in Mufti” series. 
Other theater credits include a new musical version of “Peter Pan” by J. M. Barrie (Watermill Theatre, Newbury and Yvonne Arnaud Theatre, Guildford) and “A Kid for Two Farthings” (lyrics) with music by Cyril Ornadel and book in collaboration with Robert Meadwell, based on the novel by Wolf Mankowitz. 
For BBC Radio, Philip compiled and presented “The Gorey Details” based on the work of Edward Gorey, which starred Frank Langella, Katherine Kellgren, Andreas Brown and David Suchet. He has dramatized many classic books for radio including “Billy Budd, Sailor” by Herman Melville; “Christopher Himself” based on 'Prater Violet' by Christopher Isherwood (which starred David Suchet, Adam Godley and Bernard Cribbins, and featured an interview with Don Bachardy); “The Secret Garden,” starring Dame Joan Plowright, Ron Moody and Prunella Scales; and “Silas Marner” starring Michael Williams, Jenny Agutter, Alex Jennings and Edward Woodward.
BBC TV credits include “Play Away”, “The Sunday Gang” and a dramatization of “The Princess Who Couldn’t Laugh” by A A Milne for Jackanory Playhouse.
He has compiled and edited several music folios including “Body And Soul: The Johnny Green Songbook”, “The Jessie Matthews Songbook” and “The Laurel & Hardy Music Book”. His music and theater documentaries include “Charlie Chaplin, Composer” (which he wrote and co-presented with Josephine Chaplin); “The Gene Kelly Story” presented by Leslie Caron; and the Sony award-winning series, “Frank Sinatra: The Voice of the Century”. 
Sources: Theater program for “The Great Big Radio Show!”, York Theatre Company, New York, October 2005;
Listings in Radio Times
Watermill Theatre

</doc>
<doc id="9628023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628023" title="Fighting with Kit Carson">
Fighting with Kit Carson

Fighting with Kit Carson (1933) is a Mascot Pictures movie serial.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9628027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628027" title="Christ the Healer Project">
Christ the Healer Project

Christ The Healer Project is a charitable organisation (Registered Charity Number 1118344) and
support group for the Youth Alive program of AIDS/HIV workshops based in the Transkei region of South Africa, which is directed by Fr. Matthias Nsamba Labega, the Diocesan Youth Chaplain of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aliwal. The program supports young people to live positive lifestyles. Based in Birmingham, England, the group is run by Jim Meehan, who retired from teaching religious education in St Edmund Campion Catholic School, a Roman Catholic institution in Erdington, now a suburb of Birmingham.
Southern Africa has a devastating HIV/AIDS Pandemic. In the Transkei up to 40% of young people are HIV positive. 1 in 3 pregnancies are HIV positive. The rate of infection is rising sharply.
Who does the Project support?
The Project is a support group for the Youth alive programme based in the Transkei region of South Africa Youth Alive is directed by Fr. Matthias Nsamba, the Diocesan Youth Chaplain of Aliwal Diocese The programme supports young people to live positive lifestyles Deepens their commitment to Christ who invites them to choose life in its fullness.

</doc>
<doc id="9628031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628031" title="Cappella Colleoni">
Cappella Colleoni

The Cappella Colleoni (Italian: "Colleoni Chapel") is a church and mausoleum in Bergamo in northern Italy.
Dedicated to the saints Bartholomew, Mark and John the Baptist, it was built between 1472 and 1476 as the personal shrine for the famous condottiere Bartolomeo Colleoni, a member of one of the most outstanding families of the city, and his beloved daughter Medea. The site chosen was that of the sacristy of the nearby church of Santa Maria Maggiore, which was demolished by Colleoni's soldiers.
The design was entrusted to Giovanni Antonio Amadeo, whose plan respected the style of the church, as can been seen from the octagonal tambour of the dome and in the lantern cusp, as well as in the use of polychrome marbles.
Overview.
The façade is characterized by the use of tarsia and polychrome marble decorations in white, red and black lozenges. Over the main portal is a rose window, flanked by two medallions portraying Julius Caesar and Trajan.
The upper part of the basement has nine plaques with reliefs of Biblical stories, and four bas-reliefs with Hercules's deeds. The four pilasters of the windows flanking the portal are surmounted by statues of the Virtues. The upper part of the façade has a loggia in Romanesque style.
The interior includes a square hall and a smaller room housing the high altar. The tomb of Bartolomeo Colleoni (who died on November 2, 1475) is on the wall facing the entrance. It is decorated with reliefs of "Episodes from the Life of Christ", statues, heads of lions and an equestrian statue of the condottiere in gilded wood, finished by German masters from Nuremberg in 1501. The whole complex is surrounded by a triumphal arch.
Amadeo himself executed the funerary monument of Medea Colleoni (died March 6, 1470). Located on the left wall, it has a statue of the "Deposition from the Cross" in high relief. The tomb was transferred here in 1892 from Urgnano.
The presbytery has a high altar sculpted by Bartolomeo Manni in 1676, housing statues of the three saints to whom the chapel is dedicated, John, Mark and Bartholomew, by Pietro Lombardo. The upswept cornice is supported by Solomonic columns. The altar table, to a design by Leopoldo Pollack, is supported by angels carved by Grazioso Rusca.
Notable are the frescoes of the dome, depicting "Episodes of the Lives of St. Mark, John the Baptist and Bartholomew", executed by Giambattista Tiepolo in 1732–1733.
Bartolomeo Colleoni's remains.
For centuries it was believed that the condottiere's remains had been buried elsewhere, as the sarcophagus appeared empty. On November 21, 1969, however, they were discovered in Colleoni's tomb in a wooden coffin, hidden under a plaster cover.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9628032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628032" title="Bad Boy (G. Dep and Loon album)">
Bad Boy (G. Dep and Loon album)

Bad Boy is a collaboration album released by former Bad Boy Records artists, Loon and G. Dep.

</doc>
<doc id="9628048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628048" title="The Wolf Dog">
The Wolf Dog

The Wolf Dog (1933) is a Mascot film serial directed by Colbert Clark and Harry L. Fraser and starring Frankie Darro and Rin Tin Tin, Jr. The plot concerns the heir to a fortune and a villain attempting to take the inheritance for himself.
Plot.
Frank Courtney discovers that he has inherited control of a Los Angeles shipping line. The current president, Norman Bryan, does not want to lose his position and conspires to have him killed.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9628081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628081" title="Lake Elmenteita">
Lake Elmenteita

Lake Elmenteita, also spelled Elementaita, is a soda lake, in the Great Rift Valley, about 120 km northwest of Nairobi, Kenya.
Geography.
Elmenteita is derived from the Masaai word "muteita", meaning "dust place", a reference to the dryness and dustyness of the area, especially between January and March. The town of Gilgil is near the lake. In the south-to-north sequence of Rift Valley lakes, Elmenteita is between Lake Naivasha and Lake Nakuru. The major Nairobi-Nakuru highway runs along the nearby escarpment affording motorists a spectacular vista towards the lake.
At the southern end of the lake are the "Kekopey" hot springs, in which the Tilapia grahami breed. Very popular for bathing, the local Maasai claim that it can cure AIDS. The reed beds nearby are fishing grounds for night herons and pelicans.
History.
The Lake Elmenteita area saw its first white settlement when Lord Delamere (1879-1931) established Soysambu, a ranch, on the western side of the lake. Delamere gifted the land on the other side of the lake to his brother-in-law, the Honorable Galbraith Lowry Egerton Cole (1881-1929), part of whose "Kekopey Ranch", where he is buried, is preserved today as the Lake Elementaita Lodge.
Soysambu ranch is still occupied by Lord Delamere's descendants, including the controversial Thomas P. G. Cholmondeley who has been instrumental in setting up the Soysambu conservancy. The conservancy covers 2/3 of the shoreline and is home to over 12000 wild animals.
Lake Elmenteita has been a Ramsar site since 2005.
Ecology.
Over 400 bird species have been recorded in the Lake Nakuru/Lake Elmenteita basin. Elmenteita attracts visiting flamingoes, both the Greater and Lesser varieties, which feed on the lake's crustacean and insect larvae and on its suspended blue-green algae, respectively. Tilapia were introduced to the lake from Lake Magadi in 1962 and since that time the flamingo population has dwindled considerably. The tilapia attract many fish-eating birds that also feed upon the flamingo eggs and chicks. Over a million birds that formerly bred at Elmenteita are now said to have sought refuge at Lake Natron in Tanzania.
The lake's shores are grazed by zebra, gazelle, eland and families of warthog.
The lake is normally very shallow (< 1 m deep) and bordered by trona-encrusted mudflats during the dry seasons. During the late Pleistocene and early Holocene, Lake Elmenteita was at times united with an expanded Lake Nakuru, forming a much larger dilute lake. Remnants of the former joined lake are preserved as sediments at various locations around the lake basins, including former shorelines.
Recently the lake level and number of flamingoes has receded as increased human activity has dried up catchment areas.
Associated sites.
Nearby is the Kariandusi Museum, at an important prehistoric site where stone handaxes and cleavers were discovered in 1929 by Louis Leakey.
Elmenteita Badlands is a lava flow to the south of the lake, covered in bush and including some spectacularly scenic peaks.

</doc>
<doc id="9628082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628082" title="Khan Mohammad Mridha Mosque">
Khan Mohammad Mridha Mosque

The Khan Mohammad Mirza Mosque on Lalbagh road is situated less than half a kilometre west of the Lalbagh Fort. Two Persian inscriptions, one over the central archway and the other over the central Mihrab, speak of its construction during 1704–05 AD by one Khan Muhammad Mirza.
The large platform is 38.10 m from north to south and 28.96 m from east to west. Its height is about 5.18 m from the ground level. Underneath the platform are vaulted rooms on all sides except the eastern side. In the eastern side, there is a stairway which ends with a gateway aligning the central doorway of the mosque proper. It is through this gateway that one can reach the top of the platform.
Origins and inspiration.
Khan Mohammad Mirza mosque, an archeological site located in southern Dhaka, near Lalbagh fort. in an area called Atish Khana. The mosque rises above its surroundings because the tahkhana or underground rooms of the mosque are above grade. The roof of the tahkhana forms the platform on which the mosque is situated.. The spacious prayer place before the main mosque is open in all directions allowing air to flow and keep the Musullis cool.
Architecture and architect.
The main mosque where the Imam and a few Musullis are accommodated consists of three domes bears testimony of the architecture practiced during the sixteenth century. Two Persian inscriptions, one over the central archway and the other over the central Mihrab. According to an inscription found, the mosque was built during the rule of Deputy Governor of Dhaka, Farrukh Siyar, by a Khan Muhammad Mirza, who could have been the architect. The construction was orders by a Qazi Ibadullah during 1704–05 AD. 
The platform is 16'-6" above the ground level. The tahkhana comprises vaulted rooms for living purposes. The mosque is accessed from the east, up a flight of twenty-five steps. Area wise, the mosque occupies only a small portion of the platform.
Prayer Hall.
The prayer hall is a rectangular structure measuring 48' x 24' and is capped by three domes, the central being the larger one. The smaller sizes of the side domes are achieved by using intermediary pendentives. The corners minarets are short and slender, rising just above the parapet and are capped by ribbed copulas. The annex to the north of the mosque serves as a madrasa or religious school and has a hujra or arcaded hall that is used for travelers and visitors. The facade of the mosque is decorated with paneling and ornamental merlons along the parapet. The entrances to the prayer hall are framed by multi-cusped arches and engaged columns on either side. 
Interior.
The interior is divided into three bays by two lateral arches. Each bay contains a mihrab that is marked by multi-cusped arch within a rectangular panel.
Gardens.
Various kinds of seasonal flowers are cultivated in the garden at the eastern portion making the compound a sight for sore eyes. A ‘Mali’ appointed by Department of Archeology is in charge of the upkeep of the garden. A well in the northern portion of the garden once used for supplying water for ‘Ozu’ a way of becoming fresh before prayer is now abandoned. In the southern side of the garden stands a tall, old palm tree bearing the symbol of ancient for the place.
Location and ownership.
This ancient structure can be beheld at 150 meter west on the road that goes beside Lalbag fort. The mosque being an architectural site of Dhaka city is also used as a mosque. Mutawalli of the mosque says, “Though the mosque is owned by the government as an archeological site and is being supervised by the Department of Archeology under Ministry of Cultural affairs there is lack of sincerity and transparency in the government intervention.
Restoration and controversies.
In 1913 the ASI listed Mirza's Masjid as a historic monument; by then it had
undergone alterations and appropriations that had to be demolished to restore
it to its original form. The earliest photograph available on the mosque shows a
ruined structure at the turn of the nineteenth century just before this early
restoration attempt. Thereafter both the DOA and mosque committee have undertaken
periodic repairs, some of which ignored the architectural and historic
importance of the building. To compensate for the damaged drains and stop further
deterioration the authority provided new outlets to drain rainwater out
from the upper terrace (sahn); and improved water and sanitation services. The
site experienced many encroachments that constricted the boundaries of the
compound, which drew serious attention of the architects and other conservation
enthusiasts when it was included as a case study in an architectural
conservation workshop in 1989 in Dhaka, sponsored by the AKTC and UNDP.
Conservation and criticism.
Conservation of invaluable heritage sites in the 400-year old city of Dhaka has always been ignored, leading to destruction of the sites, Destruction of heritage sites and historical monuments started during Pakistan period on a moderate scale but it gained momentum after independence. Heritage properties suffered destruction in an appalling extent during military rule. According to conservationist architects, friezes and other ornamental features of the old buildings are replaced with dissimilar and odd-looking features. Details of the ornamental works, their sizes and proportions are lost in the intervention. According to conservationist architects, friezes and other ornamental features of the old buildings are replaced with dissimilar and odd-looking features. Details of the ornamental works, their sizes and proportions are lost in the intervention. Though the Bangladesh National Building Code (BNBC), the Metropolitan Building Rules of 2006 (revised in 2008) and the Antiquities Act of 1968 require the government to take measures and institute a standing committee to protect the heritage sites, the government has all along been idle on the issue.

</doc>
<doc id="9628083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628083" title="Hey Little Girl">
Hey Little Girl

"Hey Little Girl" is a single released by the Australian band Icehouse, the second single from the band's 1982 album, "Primitive Man". The album and single were co-produced by band member and the track's writer, Iva Davies, and Keith Forsey (Billy Idol). It was released in October 1982, on Regular Records in 7" vinyl single and 12" vinyl single formats. UK and Europe releases by Chrysalis Records were also on 7" and 12" formats, but with different track listings. The single was then released in the US in 1983 on the same formats. On "Hey Little Girl", Iva Davies uses the Linn drum machine — the first for an Australian recording. It peaked at No. 7 on the Australian singles chart and No. 2 in Switzerland, No. 5 in Germany, Top 20 in UK, Sweden and Netherlands, and No. 31 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock chart.
The US cover for the single has a still from the Russell Mulcahy music video for "Hey Little Girl".
In 1997, a series of re-mixes of the song was released in Germany on the Edel Music label. Another remix version by Infusion was released on the Icehouse album "Meltdown" in 2002.
The song has been covered by Sven Schumacher, the German metal band Atrocity, the horrorpunk band The Spook, and Kate Miller-Heidke.
The group Syndicate of Sound wrote "Little Girl" which the band recorded for Hush Records in San Francisco, 9 January 1966. "Little Girl" became a regional hit after San Jose radio station KLIV latched onto it, and was released nationally and offered the group a contract for an album.
Tracklisting.
All tracks written by Iva Davies.
Personnel.
Credits:
Accolades.
"Hey Little Girl" is included in Robert Dimery's "1001 Songs You Must Hear Before You Die".

</doc>
<doc id="9628089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628089" title="Definitive map">
Definitive map

A definitive map is a record of public rights of way in England and Wales. In law it is the definitive record of where a right of way is located. The highway authority (normally the county council, or unitary authority in areas with a one-tier system) has a statutory duty to maintain a definitive map, though in national parks the National Park Authority usually maintains the map. The Inner London boroughs are exempt from the statutory duty though they have the powers to maintain a map: currently none does so.
Each right of way also has a written description referred to as the definitive statement. Generally the definitive map takes legal precedence over the definitive statement.

</doc>
<doc id="9628090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628090" title="Battle of Ivankovac">
Battle of Ivankovac

The Battle of Ivankovac was the first full-scale confrontation between Serbian revolutionaries and the regular forces of the Ottoman Empire during the First Serbian Uprising. The battle ended with a Serbian victory and prompted Ottoman Sultan Selim III to declare "jihad" (holy war) against the Serbs.
Background.
In the 1790s, the Ottoman Sultan Selim III granted the Serbs in Ottoman Serbia the right to run their own affairs in exchange for their cooperation with the governor of Belgrade, Hadži Mustafa Pasha. Following the Slaughter of the Knezes in February 1804, a revolt led by Karađorđe Petrović erupted against the Ottoman janissary in Serbia. The Serbs initially received the support of Selim and managed to defeat the corrupt janissary by the end of the year. Facing great pressure not to cooperate extensively with his Christian subjects, Selim began to view the Serbs as rebels by the spring of 1805. He appointed the Ottoman ruler of Niš, Hafiz Pasha, as the new governor of Belgrade and ordered him to confront the Serbian insurgents. The Ottoman Turkish forces were highly trained.
Battle.
The village of Ivankovac is located near the town of Ćuprija. On , the Ottomans attacked the Serbian revolutionaries, commanded by Karađorđe and Milenko Stojković, at Ivankovac. Hafiz Pasha was seriously wounded during the battle and died as a result. The Ottomans were defeated.
Aftermath.
The battle was a major victory for the Serbian rebels. It marked the first time that a regular Ottoman Turkish unit was defeated by Serbian revolutionaries during the First Serbian Uprising. Victory meant that the Serbian forces had taken full control of the Belgrade Pashaluk. Smederevo was captured in November and became the first capital of the Serbian revolutionary government, while Belgrade was taken the following year. Defeat in the battle prompted Selim to declare "jihad" (holy war) against the Serbian revolutionaries fighting to expel the Turks from Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="9628098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628098" title="John Wilson, 2nd Baron Moran">
John Wilson, 2nd Baron Moran

Richard John McMoran Wilson, 2nd Baron Moran KCMG (22 September 1924 - 14 February 2014), known as John Wilson, was a British diplomat. He was one of the ninety hereditary peers elected to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999. 
Background and early life.
The son of the 1st Baron Moran and Dorothy (née Dufton), he was educated at Eton College in Berkshire and King's College, Cambridge, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in history. Wilson served in the Royal Naval Reserve from 1943 to 1945. He was first Ordinary Seaman on HMS Belfast, later Sub-Lieutenant on Motor Torpedo Boats (MTB 684) and Destroyer HMS Oribi.
Diplomatic career.
In 1945, Wilson entered the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and held various minor offices in Ankara, Tel Aviv, Rio de Janeiro, Washington, D.C. and South Africa. From 1968–73, he was Head of the West African Department of the Foreign Office, and from 1970–73 concurrently non-resident British Ambassador to Chad. Wilson was British Ambassador to Hungary between 1973 and 1976 and British Ambassador to Portugal from 1976–81.
In 1981, he was appointed High Commissioner to Canada and held this post until 1984. On leaving his post of High Commissioner to Canada in 1984, Moran penned a frank final telegram to the British Foreign Minister in which he was critical of Canadian politicians and public policies. The telegram became public in October 2009 after a BBC columnist, Matthew Parris, made a freedom of information request for the foreign office's valedictory despatches.
Other public appointments.
From 1990–95, Wilson was chair of the Wildlife and Countryside Link, from 1988 to 1995 vice-chairman of the Atlantic Salmon Trust, and from 1989–94 served as chairman of the National Rivers Authority Regional Fisheries Advisory Committee for the Welsh Region. For RSPB, he was council member from 1992–94, and vice-president from 1996–97. He was president of the Radnorshire Wildlife Trust (1994-death) and Chair of the Fisheries Policy and Legislation Working Group ("the Moran Committee"; from 1997 until his death). In 1997 he was appointed chair of the Salmon and Trout Association, remaining until 2000, when he was became executive vice-president. Having been president of the Welsh Salmon and Trout Angling Association from 1988–95, he was renamed as president in 2000. 
Writings.
In 1973, Wilson wrote a biography about Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, for which he received the Whitbread Award for Biography. Having been made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1970, he was raised to a Knight Commander in 1981. In 1978, he received also the Grand Cross of the Portuguese Order of Infante D. Henrique. 
Family.
In 1948 he married Shirley Rowntree Harris; the couple had two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9628099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628099" title="Law Castle">
Law Castle

Law Castle is situated on the lower slopes of Law Hill in West Kilbride, only a short walk (about 200m) from the railway station. The castle is a simple rectangular structure with a sloped roof and several large chimneys protruding at each side. 
It was built in the 15th century for King James III's sister Mary as a wedding gift upon her marriage to Thomas Boyd, the Earl of Arran.
In the late 1980s it was restored and fully renovated by the Phillips family - co-ordinated by Dr Anthony Philip Phillip Phillips. It was built as a family home for himself, his wife, his daughter and his grandson. It was a project in which he designed floor plans and strategic structural plans for the beams in the roof himself whilst keeping the home's originality and authentic Keep castle feel.

</doc>
<doc id="9628111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628111" title="The Mystery Squadron">
The Mystery Squadron

The Mystery Squadron (1933) is a Mascot movie serial, and is one of the earlier serials to feature extensive aviation sequences.
Plot.
A dam being built by Stephen Gray comes under attack from the mysterious pilot, The Black Ace, and his "Mystery Squadron" of pilots. The identity of the Black Ace is so secret that it is even concealed from his own men in the Mystery Squadron. 
Fred Cromwell and his partner Bill Cook seek to identify the Black Ace and stop his attacks on Gray's construction of the power dam, as a number of characters behave suspiciously, including Lafe Johnson, a rival contractor to Gray; Martin, the hotel owner; Collins, a construction employee for Gray; and Dr. Flint.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9628125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628125" title="Officers' Club (Bangladesh)">
Officers' Club (Bangladesh)

Officers' Club was established in 1967 on land in a picturesque setting at Ramna (Bailey Road), Dhaka, Bangladesh. Its membership is open only to government officers and the officers of semi-government or autonomous bodies. The land with a colonial building was given to the club by the Public Works Department. The government also provided funds to construct an auditorium, covered badminton complex, swimming pool and tennis courts etc. The club has now about 2,000 members and run by an executive committee headed by the cabinet secretary of the government. Its members are elected through secret ballot every two years. The club has a library, a newly built two-storey auditorium, three tennis courts, and facilities to play badminton, table tennis, billiards, cards, chess, etc.
The Officers' Club organises contributory dinners and ‘housie sessions’ periodically. It also has a women's committee that designs and implements social welfare activities with funds generated by the club. To generate income, its auditorium and pavilion is rented out to outside parties seeking to use the space for specific functions including weddings.

</doc>
<doc id="9628133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628133" title="Eduardo Blanco (writer)">
Eduardo Blanco (writer)

Eduardo Blanco (1838–1912), Venezuelan writer and politician, was aide-de-camp to General José Antonio Páez, independence hero and first president of Venezuela after the breakup of Gran Colombia in 1830.
His main work is "Venezuela Heroica" (1881), a classic romantic view of history as an epic. "Venezuela heroica" is structured in five vignettes that depict the main battles and heroes of the Venezuelan War of Independence. It was from General Páez himself that Blanco heard the stories of the Battle of Carabobo, during an encounter with Marshal Juan Crisóstomo Falcón to end the Federal War (1859–1863) near the site of the battle. Páez was so moved from his memories of youth, the anecdote goes, that he could not stop telling his aide the details of the battle. It was Falcón who then told Blanco "you are listening to the "Iliad" from the very lips of Achilles".
Blanco is also the author of "Zárate" (1882), a historical novel that attempts to make sense of national reality; "Zárate" marks the beginning of the "criollista" movement in Venezuelan literature.
Eduado Blanco was minister of foreign affairs for the government of Cipriano Castro (1899–1908).
He is an uncle of Rufino Blanco-Fombona and great-great-grandfather of María Corina Machado.

</doc>
<doc id="9628151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628151" title="China Zorrilla">
China Zorrilla

China Zorrilla (, born Concepción Matilde Zorrilla de San Martín Muñoz; March 14, 1922) is an Uruguayan theater, film, and television actress.
She has made over 40 appearances in film and TV since 1971. She started her career in Uruguay, but later moved to Argentina where she lived for over 35 years and was active in Argentinian TV, theater, and cinema. China presently lives in Uruguay once more. She is a popular star in the Rioplatense area, and is regarded as one of the "Grand Dames" of the South American theater stage.
In 2008, Zorrilla was awarded the distinction of Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur (Knight of the Legion of Honor) by the French Government. In 2011, the Correo Uruguayo (the national postal service in Uruguay) released a print run of 500 commemorative postage stamps dedicated to Zorrilla.
Early life.
Zorrilla was born in Montevideo into an aristocratic Uruguayan family. She is the daughter of sculptor José Luis Zorrilla de San Martín (1891–1975) and Guma Muñoz del Campo. Her father was a disciple of Antoine Bourdelle and created monuments in Uruguay and Argentina. Her paternal grandfather was Juan Zorrilla de San Martín, who is considered Uruguay's national poet. Her older sister, Guma (1919–2001), was a theater costume designer.
She grew up with her four sisters in Paris. In Montevideo she attended the Sagrado Corazón school. In 1948, she earned a British Council scholarship to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, where she studied under Greek actress Katina Paxinou.
Uruguay.
Zorrilla debuted in Paul Claudel's "The Tidings Brought to Mary". She joined the National Comedy of Uruguay and worked at the Solís Theatre, where Margarita Xirgu directed her in García Lorca's "Blood Wedding" and other classics.
In the 1950s and 1960s, Zorrilla appeared in "Mother Courage and Her Children", "Romeo and Juliet", "Macbeth", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Tartuffe". "The Seagull", Wilder's "Our Town", Neil Simon's "Plaza Suite", Giraudoux's "The Madwoman of Chaillot", and plays by Pirandello, Peter Ustinov, Tirso de Molina, Lope de Vega, Henrik Ibsen, August Strindberg, J. B. Priestley, Ferenc Molnár, and others. She received critical acclaim for her performances in Thornton Wilder's "The Matchmaker" and in "Hay Fever" as Judith Bliss.
With actor Enrique Guarnero and writer Antonio Larreta, she co-founded the TCM (Teatro Ciudad de Montevideo). The company toured Buenos Aires, Paris, and Madrid, where they won the Spanish Critics Award for their stagings of García Lorca and Lope de Vega.
Between 1964 and 1966, Zorrilla lived in New York and worked as a French teacher and Broadway secretary. In New York, she gave performances of "Canciones para mirar", a children's musical based on texts by Argentinian poet Maria Elena Walsh. As a correspondent for the Uruguayan newspaper "El País", she covered events such as the Cannes Film Festival.
As opera director, she directed Puccini's "La bohème", Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera" at the Solís Theatre, and Rossini's "Il barbiere di Siviglia" at the Teatro Argentino de La Plata. She hosted a talk show for many years.
Argentina.
In 1971, Zorrilla's film debut came in at age 49 in "Un Guapo del 900", directed by Lautaro Murúa and starring Alfredo Alcón. The following summer she replaced Ana María Campoy in "Butterflies are Free", which was performed in Mar del Plata. She then moved to Argentina.
From 1973 to 1977 she was forbidden by the military regime from performing in Uruguayan theatres. After the country's return to democracy in the 1980s, Zorrilla made a comeback at the Teatro Solís.
During the mid-1970s, Zorrilla toured and performed nationally and internationally, including at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and in Barcelona Bogotá, Lima, Caracas, Tel Aviv, Miami, San Juan, Santiago, Montevideo, Punta del Este, São Paulo, and Asunción.
In the theater, she has portrayed historical figures such as Emily Dickinson in William Luce's "The Belle of Amherst", Monica Ottino's Victoria Ocampo, Mrs. Patrick Campbell in Jerome Kilty's "Dear Liar: A Comedy of Letters". Zorilla performed in plays by Jean Cocteau, Lucille Fletcher, Oscar Viale, and Jacobo Langsner. She reprised the part of Judith Bliss in "Hay Fever".
In the twenty-first century, she won four awards as sculptor Helen Martins in Athol Fugard's "The Road to Mecca" and as Eve in an adaption of Mark Twain's "Eve's Diary" ("The private diary of Adam and Eve").
In 1995, she assumed the role of Persephone in Stravinsky and Gide's "Perséphone" in Buenos Aires.
Zorrilla adapted, directed, and produced plays and musicals: Goldoni's "Servant of Two Masters", Reginald Rose's "12 Angry Men", Georges Feydeau's "A Flea in Her Ear" and Neil Simon's "Lost in Yonkers".
She worked in several films. She won "Best Actress" in "La Habana Film Festival" for her role in "Darse Cuenta". She performed in "Summer of the Colt" (a Canadian coproduction), Maria Luisa Bemberg's "Nobody's Wife", "The Jewish Gauchos", the coproduction "The Plague" (starring William Hurt and Raúl Juliá), Edgardo Cozarinsky's "Guerriers et captives" (with Dominique Sanda and Leslie Caron), Manuel Puig's "Pubis Angelical", Adolfo Aristarain's "Lasts Days of the Victim," and in the cult classic Argentinian black comedy "Esperando la carroza" (Waiting for the Hearse) (1986).
Zorrilla earned recognition for her performances in "Conversaciones con mamá" in 2005 (2004 Best Actress Award at the 26th Moscow International Film Festival and the Málaga Film Festival) and in "Elsa & Fred", which won her several awards, including the Silver Condor for Best Actress.
Honors.
She was awarded the "Orden de Mayo" by the Argentinian government and the "Orden Gabriela Mistral" by the Chilean government along with awards in her native country.
She was declared "Illustrious Citizen" in Buenos Aires, Montevideo, and other Argentinian cities, and two theaters bear her name.
In 2008 she was made Knight (Chevalier) of the Légion d'honneur by the French Government.

</doc>
<doc id="9628167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628167" title="Nimtali Kuthi">
Nimtali Kuthi

Nimtali Kuthi or Nimtali Palace was built towards the end of the Mughal rule in Dhaka as a residence of the Naib-Nazim (Deputy-Governor) of Dhaka Province in 1765-66. It was situated in the Nimtali ward and popularly called the Nimtali Kuthi (Nimtali Palace). All have disappeared over time, but only one gateway (Nimtali Deuri) of the palace still remains. It is the first colonial Building in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
When the capital of the Subah-i-Bangla was shifted from Dhaka to Murshidabad in about 1717, Dhaka was made the seat of a Naib Nazim (Deputy-Governor of a sub-province) comprising the greater part of present Bangladesh.
The Naib-Nazim, Nawab Jasarat Khan resided in one of the many abandoned Mughal palaces or Forts. In 1763, as a reprisal after Nawab Siraj-ud-Dowla’s attack on Calcutta, the British Army officer Lt. Swinton stormed into Dhaka and occupied the 'fort' as his residence. The naib-nazim who lived in the main fort in Dhaka (the present central jail) was not in Dhaka, and he was taken as a prisoner by Mir Qasim for his secret liaison with the British.
In 1765, Lord Clive re-appointed Jasarat Khan as the Naib-Nazim of Dhaka. He found his residence occupied so he stayed in the Boro Katra, another old palace of the Mughals. Swinton built a new residence at Nimtali hastily and completed by 1766 -- the first noted building built during the Colonial Period in Dhaka.
Nimtali Palace occupied a considerable area on the northern side of the city between the modern Nimtali Mahalla and the High Court building and consisted of a number of separate buildings. Judging from the only extant gateway, it may be assumed, the Nimtali Deuri was built after the usual Mughal palace designs with several gateways, inner court, private residences, place of prayer, tanks or water reservoirs, barracks for soldiers and quarters of staff, gardens and the like. The kiosk shaped cupolas on the roof, the balconies, and mouldings in parapet, plinth and polygonal shape are largely Mughal.
Nimtali Deuri was part of the socio-religious life of the Dhakaites. Early nineteenth century paintings, now at the National Museum, depict that the Eid processions used to originate and terminate at the Nimtali Deuri. Another significant event was the flag music, played from the Deuri gallery.
Thus the Palace of the naib-nazims of Dhaka and the surrounding lands, after passing through various vicissitudes and owners, eventually became the property of the Dhaka University. The sole surviving gateway, now lies within the compound of the Asiatic Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9628188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628188" title="Rickenbacker 620">
Rickenbacker 620

The Rickenbacker 620 is a solid-body guitar manufactured by the Rickenbacker International Corporation (RIC). It is part of the 600 series of guitars which all share the distinctive "cresting wave" styled body. The Rickenbacker 620 features triangular fret markers, a thick rosewood fret board, a maple body with neck-thru construction, and maple neck. The 620 also comes standard with a stereo output jack. The guitar's pickups are twin single coil 'Hi-gains'. The Rickenbacker 620 sports the Rickenbacker signature, an 'R' style floating tailpiece. There is a twelve string version of this guitar available, the Rickenbacker 620/12. The Rickenbacker 620 comes in fireglo, mapleglo, jetglo, and midnight blue finishes from the factory. The 620 is less popular with big recording artists as its siblings the 330 and 360, however some guitarists have consistently used them including Chris Urbanowicz of Editors. Mike Campbell of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers acquired the first 620/12 12-string (made in December 1963, actually called a prototype 625/12) in 1977, and has used it on hits such as Listen to Her Heart and Here Comes My Girl.

</doc>
<doc id="9628193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628193" title="Darwin–Radau equation">
Darwin–Radau equation

In astrophysics, the Darwin–Radau equation gives an approximate relation between the moment of inertia factor of a planetary body and its rotational speed and shape. The moment of inertia factor is directly related to the largest principal moment of inertia, "C". It is assumed that the rotating body is in hydrostatic equilibrium and is an ellipsoid of revolution. The Darwin–Radau equation states 
where "M" and "Re" represent the mass and mean equatorial radius of the body. Here λ is the d'Alembert parameter and the Radau parameter η is defined as 
where "q" is the geodynamical constant
and ε is the geometrical flattening
where "Rp" is the mean polar radius and "Re" is the mean equatorial radius.
For Earth, formula_5 and formula_6, which yields formula_7, a good approximation to the measured value of 0.3307.

</doc>
<doc id="9628199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628199" title="Waukegan Township, Lake County, Illinois">
Waukegan Township, Lake County, Illinois

Waukegan Township is a township in Lake County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 90,893.
Geography.
Waukegan Township covers an area of ; of this, or 1.41 percent is water. Lakes in this township include Dead Lake. Sunderland Creek and the Waukegan River run through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains five cemeteries: Am Echod Jewish, North Shore Garden of Memories, Oakwood, Pahlman Family and Saint Marys.

</doc>
<doc id="9628208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628208" title="The Critical Review">
The Critical Review

The Critical Review was a British publication appearing from 1756 to 1817. It was first edited by Tobias Smollett, from 1756 to 1763. Contributors included Samuel Johnson, David Hume, John Hunter, and Oliver Goldsmith.
Early years.
The Edinburgh printer Archibald Hamilton started publishing "The Critical Review" in 1756 with Tobias Smollett as its first editor. The content was mainly book reviews, which were often long and fulsome, with copious verbatim quotations. The Tory and High Church perspectives of contributors came through clearly, however. Besides Smollett, the writers of the first two volumes have been identified as John Armstrong, Samuel Derrick, Thomas Francklin, and Patrick Murdoch.
After a libel against Admiral Sir Charles Knowles in the "Review", Smollett was sentenced to a fine of £100 and three months in King's Bench Prison. In 1763 he retired from the "Review", but left it as an influential publication.

</doc>
<doc id="9628221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628221" title="Maihar Band">
Maihar Band

The Maihar Band is an instrumental musical group in the Indian city of Maihar that performs both Indian and western music. After an epidemic orphaned many children, Ustad Allauddin Khan, a musician of the Maihar court who was moved by the tragedy, taught them how to play music and formed an orchestral group later known as the Maihar Band. The ruling prince, Braj Nath Singh, cooperated and helped Allauddin Khan in procuring and preparing required instruments.
Artists and instruments.
Baobab (as the musician was lovingly referred to) tested each student and trained them to play a particular instrument. He used jal tarang initially, but replaced it with Nal-tarang. Apart from the usual instruments like the tabla, dholak, harmonium and sitar, he used some special creations—the saranga and sitar-banjo. He trained some of the children to play western instruments including the piano, violin and cello with equal ease. In the royal palace, arrangements were made for the band and they played for visiting dignitaries from the gallery above the main hall.
The first members of the Maihar band were:
First Indian classical band.
Baba created several bandishes (compositions) based on Indian Ragas. He also taught western tunes to his students so that Europeans visiting the Court could be entertained. He started with eighteen artists. The band kept to the same number although after retirements, only ten artists remain. Some of them gave solo recitals.
Present and future.
The band is associated with Department of Culture in Madhya Pradesh and the artists are government employees. They perform at occasions in Maihar and sometimes in other cities. Their participation in Lata Mangeshar Award Ceremony at Indore in 2005 brought them acclaim and the state government gave them a prominent place in its jubilee celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="9628223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628223" title="West Deerfield Township, Lake County, Illinois">
West Deerfield Township, Lake County, Illinois

West Deerfield Township is located in Lake County, Illinois. The population was 31,077 at the 2010 census. West Deerfield Township was formed from former Deerfield Township (now Moraine Township) in 1888.
Economy.
Walgreens has its corporate headquarters in Deerfield within West Deerfield Township. In 1987 Walgreens employed about 1,100 people at its headquarters, which was at the time in an unincorporated area on the west side of Deerfield. As of 2000 the Walgreens headquarters was still in an unincorporated area in West Deerfield Township.

</doc>
<doc id="9628229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9628229" title="Gadai clan">
Gadai clan

Gadai (Urdu گدائی ) is a Sub-Clan of Shambhani Bugti () and is settled in Balochistan, Sindh and Punjab provinces of Pakistan. Many people belonging to this clan are also found in Dera Ghazi Khan and Kuchhi .

</doc>
