<doc id="9862027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862027" title="Super Soldiers">
Super Soldiers

Super Soldiers was a comic book published by the Marvel UK imprint of Marvel Comics in 1993. Part of the shared Marvel Universe setting, it centered around a team of superhuman British soldiers, with some plot aspects drawing on the background of Marvel's successful Captain America character.
Publication history.
The series was canceled after eight issues, after the first part of a new storyline, when Marvel UK abruptly ceased publishing new material.
Fictional team history.
The Super Soldiers consisted mostly of individuals modified using biotechnology based on the American supersoldier codenamed Nuke. These characters were part of a British supersoldier program, which had been officially disbanded due to a mission gone wrong, and years later reformed along with other characters such as the rowdy mutant Guvnor, the Savage Land warrior woman Xantia, and the revived (after hibernating since the 1970s) martial artist Dragonfly, to work alongside S.H.I.E.L.D. and the U.S. Agent. In the eighth and final issue of the series, the unit found themselves privatised and their contracts sold to the Mercy Corporation as an "autonomous superhero response unit". 
Team leader Joseph Hauer, appeared during a briefing alongside Pete Wisdom, Captain Britain and Union Jack on the details of the British Superhuman Registration Act by Contessa Valentina Allegro de Fontaine, Alistaire Stuart and Commander Lance Hunter as part of the superhuman Civil War.
Years later the Super Soldiers had retired and written a book about their exploits; a (bad) movie was made of their book, with Gog, Guvnor, and Dalton playing themselves (as part of the contract and they could barely act) and Hauer as advisor. Most people considered them embarrassing relics, including Pete Wisdom who came to warn them about attacks on British superheroes but had no interest in recruiting them. When Mephisto's Psycho-Wraiths attacked the area to capture Hauer, the Super-Soldiers refused to withdraw but instead sacrificed themselves to allow civilians to escape. Hauer was freed and helped defeat Hell's invasion of Earth, gunning down a demonic Killpower. (The other three appear to be dead) S.H.I.E.L.D. recruited him as their new European Division head. 

</doc>
<doc id="9862041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862041" title="KODS">
KODS

KODS is a commercial radio station located in Carnelian Bay, California, broadcasting to the Reno, Nevada, area on 103.7 FM. KODS airs a classic hits music format branded as "The River" (a local reference to the Truckee River).
Translators.
KODS also broadcasts on the following translators:

</doc>
<doc id="9862045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862045" title="The Peddlers">
The Peddlers

The Peddlers were a British jazz trio of the 1960s and 1970s.
History.
The Peddlers formed in Manchester in April 1964, as a trio of
Morais, the drummer, had previously played with Faron's Flamingoes and Rory Storm and the Hurricanes (who had struggled to replace Ringo Starr after he had left to join The Beatles).
Martin, the bassist, noted for his peculiar style of playing a Gibson EB-2 bass guitar in an upright position as though it were a string bass.
Phillips, on vocals and keyboards, had been in The Saints, The Tornados, and also The Soundtracks.
In 1966 the group began a residency at Annies Room in London also playing the Scotch of St James and The Pickwick where the group's first album "Live at the Pickwick", including an introduction by Pete Murray, was recorded. 
The trio released six singles and an EP on the Philips record label before joining CBS in 1967. Their cover of "Let the Sunshine In" (1965) charted on the UK Singles Chart. In 1968 they released the album "Freewheelers", consisting of standards arranged by Keith Mansfield. The follow-up, 1968's "Three In A Cell", included a version of "On a Clear Day You Can See Forever", from the 1965 musical of the same name, which was later sampled for its bass and Hammond organ riff. The third and final CBS album, "Birthday", followed in 1969, and brought the band two UK Top 40 singles in "Girlie", and "Birth" which reached No. 17. Following "Birthday", the Peddlers returned to Philips, where they released "Georgia on My Mind" in 1971 and "Suite London" (1972). 
On Philips they released "Three For All" in 1970 including "Tell The World Were Not In", "Working Again", "My Funny Valentine" and "Love For Sale".
Trevor Morais left the trio during an Australian tour in 1972, and was replaced on drums by New Zealander Paul Johnston. The Peddlers disbanded in 1976. The anthology "How Cool Is Cool...The Complete CBS Recordings" was released by CBS in 2002. 
Electronic record producer Luke Vibert sampled their "Impressions (Part 3)" for "The Premise", a track which featured on his album, "Musipal".
After the Peddlers.
Trevor Morais joined Quantum Jump. He later opened the El Cortijo studio in Malaga, Spain, and has worked with David Essex, Howard Jones, Elkie Brooks and Björk. 
Tab Martin lives in Portugal.
Roy Phillips now lives in Christchurch, New Zealand, and performs live shows around the country. He contributed lead vocals for the track "Closer" on the 2007 Lord Large album, "The Lord's First XI".
Paul Johnston returned to New Zealand and became a chiropractor. He died in 2013.
A Peddlers reunion gig was held on 25 May 2009 in Auckland, New Zealand.
In popular culture.
In 2012, season 5 episode 3 ("Hazard Pay") of AMC-TV's "Breaking Bad" used "On a Clear Day..." as the musical background to a prominent video montage.

</doc>
<doc id="9862053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862053" title="Disabled Children's Computer Group">
Disabled Children's Computer Group

The Disabled Children's Computer Group (DCCG) was started in 1983 in El Cerrito, CA by several parents, educators, and assistive technology developers who felt that the new computer technology could assist children and adults with disabilities to speak, write, read, learn, and participate in a larger world. The founding parents, Jackie and Steve Brand, wanted to find tools that their 7 year old daughter, Shoshana, could use - as her fine motor coordination and vision were both impaired. Steve took a sabbatical from his teaching job at Berkeley High School to explore the emerging technologies. A friend, Steve Gensler of Unicorn Engineering (later known as IntelliTools)] had developed a large flat keyboard alternative. Arjan Khalsa, who later became President of Unicorn, was also involved from the beginning. 
When Steve and Jackie had found some answers, they felt it was natural to share what they had learned with other parents and teachers. They organized a community meeting in Berkeley which was attended by over one hundred parents, teachers, computer buffs, and adults with disabilities. The West Contra Costa Unified School District provided classroom space for the new organization, which received non-profit status in 1985. Parents from around the country began to contact the group and Apple Computer came on board as an early sponsor. The original Apple IIe had the ability to speak text aloud, when paired with an Echo Speech Synthesizer and software from UCLA. 
Founding Board members also included Linda DeLucchi and Larry Malone, of the Center for Multi-Sensory Learning at the Lawrence Hall of Science. They served the organization from 1985–2002, while developing accessible hands-on science curriculum and FOSS - Full Option Science System.
Jackie Brand served as Executive Director of DCCG until 1989. She was joined by Associate Director Mary Lester, who served from 1986-1995. Jackie went on to found the Alliance for Technology Access (first known at the National Special Education Alliance and a.k.a. the Foundation for Technology Access) which supported the creation and growth of a network of 40 centers around the country, based on the DCCG model. Jackie Brand has received numerous honors for her pioneering work in the field of assistive technology advocacy. She is a powerful spokesperson for the power of technology in the lives of people with disabilities, at conference, in videotapes made about DCCG, and in a PBS documentary Freedom Machines. Mary Lester joined Jackie at the ATA in 1995 and remains as the current Executive Director. The ATA continues to work for greater access for people with disabilities and has developed a close partnership with CTC.net, a network of over 1000 grassroots community technology centers.
DCCG became the Center for Accessible Technology in 1995. Lisa Wahl served as Executive Director from 1990-2000. During that time the Center greatly expanded services to schools, providing teacher training and consultant services for individual students. A certificate program with San Francisco State University provided indepth training for over 40 teachers from around the Bay and was replicated at the Computer Access Center in Los Angeles. The Center worked with a local company, [http://www.infouse.com InfoUse, to develop PlaneMath, web-based math curriculum that modeled accessibility and inspired youth with disabilities to think about careers in aviation, which was funded by NASA. They also partnered on the development of MathPad, software that was distributed by IntelliTools. The Center received recognition from the California Speech Language and Hearing Association, and was named a Digital Pioneer in 1997 by KQED and San Francisco Sidewalk.
During the 1980s and 1990s, DCCG was unique in recognizing that successful implementation of assistive technology could not focus just on the person with a disability but needed to include most everyone else in their life. For an augmentative communication device to provide speech, the parents, teachers, bus driver, siblings, and playmates of the user needed to be aware of it and to support the use of the device. A concurrent message was that people with disabilities had something to say and something to contribute to our society and that assistive technology was the tool that would make this possible. 
The Center continues to provide assistive technology services including a large resource center in Berkeley CA. Dmitri Belser has been the Executive Director since 2001. During that time, the Center has continued to be active in the Ed Roberts Campus [http://www.edrobertscampus.org], a project dedicated to co-housing eight or more disability organizations in a facility to be built at the Ashby BART station.

</doc>
<doc id="9862057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862057" title="Husain Bey, Crown Prince of Tunisia">
Husain Bey, Crown Prince of Tunisia

Husain Bey Gouta, Crown Prince of Tunisia (22 April 1893 – 9 April 1969) was the titular head of the Husainid Dynasty. He was the third son of Muhammad V an-Nasir, Bey of Tunis, by his second wife, Lalla Husn ul-Ujud, from 1906 until 1922.
Biography.
Husain Bey Gouta was born in Sidi Bou Said. He was educated at the Prytanée National Militaire school situated in the city of La Flèche in western France. At the time of attending the Prytanée National Militaire school, Tunisia was a French protectorate.
On 1 October 1955, Husain Bey Gouta was invested as the heir apparent of the Beylik of Tunis, receiving the title Bey al-Mahalla, meaning "Bey of the Camp". This is a title used for the most senior member of the Beylical family after the reigning Bey. In addition to becoming Bey al-Mahalla, he also became a Lieutenant General in the Beylical Army. Following Tunisia's independence from France on 20 March 1956, Husain Bey received the new title of Crown Prince following its independence as a Kingdom.
Husain Bey Gouta's chances of ascending the throne came to an end on 25 July 1957, when the prime minister, Habib Bourguiba, usurped power and abolished the monarchy. Following the death of King Muhammad VIII al-Amin on 30 September 1962, Husain Bey Gouta succeeded as head of the Husainid Dynasty as Head of the Royal House of Tunisia, and of the Nishan ad-Dam, Nishan al-Ahad al-Aman, and the Nishan al-Iftikhar and remained so until his death, when he was succeeded by Prince Mustafa Bey Gouta. He was Sovereign and Grand Master of the Nishan al-Ahad al-Aman, Nishan ad-Dam, and Nishan al-Iftikhar.
He was decorated with the Nishan al-Ahad al-Aman al-Murassa on 1 October 1955, Nishan ad-Dam, Grand Cross of the Nishan al-Iftikhar, Grand Officer of the Order of the Legion of Honour of France, the Sharifan Order of Alawai of Morocco, etc.
He died in Sidi Bou Said. Some sources stated he died in October 1964.
Marriage and children.
Husain Bey Gouta was married on 22 July 1914, at the Dar al-Taj Palace in La Marsa as his only wife to "Lalla" Aisha Maria, the daughter of "Si" Ahmad bin 'Abdu'llah Maria, an Italian convert to Islam, and his wife Princess Traki, eldest daughter of "Sidi" Husain "Bey", Bey al-Taula. Husain and Aisha had five children: 

</doc>
<doc id="9862064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862064" title="Mohammad Ali Araki">
Mohammad Ali Araki

Mohammad Ali Araki (1894 in Arak – 24 November 1994 in Qom) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja.

</doc>
<doc id="9862070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862070" title="Hermann Rudolph Aubert">
Hermann Rudolph Aubert

Hermann Rudolph Aubert (November 23, 1826 – February 2, 1892) was a German physiologist born in Frankfurt. 
In 1850 he obtained his medical doctorate, afterwards serving as privat-docent of physiology at Breslau (1854). In 1862 he became an associate professor, later being appointed professor of physiology at the University of Rostock (1865). 
Aubert is known for his research involving psychophysics, including the way an observer perceives pattern, movement and orientation. He conducted several experiments involving the phenomenon of dark adaptation; namely the eye's ability to regain its sensitivity in the dark after it had been exposed to bright lights. 
With ophthalmologist Richard Förster (1825–1902), he performed a series of tests on vision outside the point of fixation, which they referred to as indirect vision. Their findings were published in a treatise called "Beiträge zur Kenntniss des indirecten Sehens" (1857). From their work the eponymous "Aubert-Förster law" is derived. Aubert and Förster's data showed that visual acuity changes between central and peripheral vision in an approximately linear fashion with the visual angle of eccentricity. Another eponym associated with him is "Aubert's phenonemon", an optical illusion involving the factual position of a subjective vertical line when an observer's head is tilted. This phenomenon is particularly evident in the dark.
His earlier work dealt with zoological issues, such as studies of "Aspidogaster conchicola", and research involving the thorax muscles of insects. With botanist Friedrich Wimmer (1803–1868), he published a German edition of Aristotle's "Historia Animalium".

</doc>
<doc id="9862071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862071" title="Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre backstroke

The men's 100 metre backstroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics programme. It was the second appearance of the event, which had been introduced in 1908. In 1904 a 100 yard event was held. The competition was held from Tuesday July 9, 1912 to Saturday July 13, 1912.
Eighteen swimmers from seven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1912 Summer Olympics.
The Olympic record fell during the very first heat. Harry Hebner's 1:21.0 in the first heat stood until Hebner raced again. In the first semifinal, he bettered his own new record with a 1:20.8. He was unable to match that pace in the final, but still took the win with a finish that was over 1 second faster than the second-place swimmer.
Results.
Quarterfinals.
The top two in each heat advanced along with the fastest loser overall. 
Quarterfinal 1
Quarterfinal 2
Quarterfinal 3
Quarterfinal 4
Quarterfinal 5
Semifinals.
The top two from each heat and the faster of the two third place swimmers advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 1

</doc>
<doc id="9862072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862072" title="Sacramento City Council">
Sacramento City Council

The Sacramento City Council is the governing body of the city of Sacramento, California. The council holds regular meetings at Sacramento City Hall on Tuesdays at 2:00 pm and 6:00 pm, with exceptions for holidays and other special cases.
Sacramento's city council is a nine-member mayor-council system of government. The council is composed of a mayor and eight council members, each of whom is elected to four-year terms from their respective districts. Sacramento's government is a "weak mayor" system in that the council retains executive and legislative authority. The management and operations of city affairs are not under the direct control of the mayor or the council; these matters are delegated to a city manager, who is appointed by Sacramento's Mayor and serves at the pleasure of the council.
Sacramento's councilmembers receive an annual salary of $58,477; the Mayor's salary is $111,106 per year.
Past Councils & Councilmembers.
Notable Councilmembers.
Past Sacramento City Councilmembers with notable achievements include:

</doc>
<doc id="9862080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862080" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom

Men's Slalom World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Men's Slalom World Cup 1990/91 all results count.
Men's Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9862091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862091" title="Uriel Holmes">
Uriel Holmes

Uriel Holmes (August 26, 1764 – May 18, 1827) was a United States Representative from Connecticut. He was born in East Haddam, Connecticut, and then moved with his parents to Hartland, Connecticut. He attended the common schools and graduated from Yale College in 1784. Later, he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1798 and commenced practice in Litchfield, Connecticut.
Holmes was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1803 until 1805. He served as the prosecuting attorney of Litchfield County from 1807 until 1814 and was judge of the Litchfield County court from 1814 until 1817. Holmes was elected as a Federalist to the Fifteenth Congress and served from March 4, 1817, until his resignation in 1818. He died in Canton, Connecticut, in 1827 and was buried in East Cemetery in Litchfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9862095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862095" title="Alexander Pavlovich Vinogradov">
Alexander Pavlovich Vinogradov

Alexander Pavlovich Vinogradov () (August 21, 1895, Petretsovo, Yaroslavl Oblast - November 16, 1975, Moscow) was a Soviet geochemist, academician (1953), and Hero of Socialist Labor (1949, 1975).
From 1928 on he took up a position as Assistant Professor in the laboratory for biogeochemical problems of the Academy of Sciences (Academy of Sciences) of the USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="9862108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862108" title="Tom Lovatt-Williams">
Tom Lovatt-Williams

Tom Lovatt-Williams, often known as T. Lovatt Williams, (28 May 1897 – 22 September 1986) was an English poet and writer about railways and nature topics.
His best-known poem, "Oxford", was broadcast several times on the BBC programme "Poetry Please", and is included in the published anthology of favourite poems from that programme. His novel "The Gentle Years" was read on the BBC's Book at Bedtime by Richard Harris. What was not publicised at the time was that it was based on his childhood experiences at Ellesmere, near Oswestry, where he was born. He was a regular contributor of nature notes and poetry to many magazines including "The Lady", "The AutoCar", and "The Countryman".
His career was on the railways and having gained an engineering apprenticeship at Crewe, he became Works Manager at various places on the LNWR system, and later the LMS. He was Manager at Wolverton Carriage and Wagon Works before he retired at an early age when nationalisation of the railways took place.
He then concentrated full-time on healing as a Christian Science Practitioner with considerable success.
He was a prolific painter in oils.
He was also a talented pianist with many compositions to his name, especially for children. He was playing the organ at church services at the age of 13. His improvisations on both piano and organ were inspiring.

</doc>
<doc id="9862156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862156" title="Andrew J. Transue">
Andrew J. Transue

Andrew Jackson Transue (January 12, 1903 - June 24, 1995) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Transue was born in Clarksville, Michigan and attended the local schools. He graduated from the Detroit College of Law, LL.B., 1926 and J.D., 1968. He was admitted to the bar in 1926 and commenced the practice of law in Detroit in 1926 and Flint, Michigan in 1927. He also served as prosecuting attorney of Genesee County in 1933 and 1937.
In 1936, Transue defeated incumbent Republican William W. Blackney to be elected as a Democrat from Michigan's 6th congressional district to the 75th United States Congress, serving from January 3, 1937 to January 3, 1939. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938, losing to Blackney.
Andrew Transue resumed the practice of law after leaving Congress and was a resident of Flint until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="9862177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862177" title="Sacramento County Board of Supervisors">
Sacramento County Board of Supervisors

The Sacramento County Board of Supervisors [http://www.bos.saccounty.net] is the five member governing board of Sacramento County, California.
Like all other counties in California, with the exception of San Francisco County, Sacramento is split into five districts and each district elects a supervisor every four years. 

</doc>
<doc id="9862180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862180" title="1844 in Ireland">
1844 in Ireland

Events from the year 1844 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9862184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862184" title="The Conversation Is...">
The Conversation Is...

"The Conversation Is..." is a song by Scottish band Biffy Clyro from their fourth album, "Puzzle".
Overview.
"The Conversation Is..." was originally planned to be the second proper single from "Puzzle", but was dropped in favour of "Living is a Problem Because Everything Dies". It was due to include the well-known B-side, "Asexual Meat Kitchen", which was later included as a B-side to "Folding Stars".
Simon Neil has commented on the song, saying:
Musical composition.
The "bizarre" tuning that is used in the song is (CFDGCF), a tuning which is also used for the "Saturday Superhouse" B-side, "Scared of Lots of Everything".

</doc>
<doc id="9862211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862211" title="William Hickman House">
William Hickman House

The William Hickman House located at 31 West Hickman Street, is a brick house in Winchester, the county seat of Clark County, Kentucky, United States. Built by John Couchman in 1814, it was originally intended to be a tavern, but before he opened it, it was bought by local cabinet maker William Hickman. Six generations of Hickmans lived in the house, which remained a residence until it was bought by the Clark County Bank in 1982. Since that time, it has been bought by Dykeman & Rosenthal, a law firm.

</doc>
<doc id="9862217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862217" title="Alessandro Longo">
Alessandro Longo

Alessandro Longo (31 December 1864 – 3 November 1945) was an Italian composer and musicologist.
Longo was born in Amantea. After studying at the Naples Conservatory under Beniamino Cesi (and composition under Paolo Serrao), he began teaching piano at his alma mater in 1887, deputizing for Cesi as pianoforte professor, and succeeded him in 1897. As a pianist, Longo often played in chamber ensemble with the Ferni Quartet, and with the Quartetto Napoletano (with Cantani, Parmiciano, Scarano and Viterbini). He founded various musical institutions in Naples, and gained a high reputation as a concert pianist. In 1914 he began editing the review "L'Arte Pianistica". He became Director of the Naples Conservatory in 1944, and died in Naples the following year, aged 80.
Today, Longo is mainly remembered for compiling an almost comprehensive catalogue of the keyboard works of Domenico Scarlatti. For many years, Scarlatti's keyboard sonatas were conventionally identified by their Longo numbers, but these were later superseded by those found in Ralph Kirkpatrick's catalogue. Longo's Catalogue originated in his landmark full publication of the works of Scarlatti in 11 volumes and implied particular groupings of the sonatas, the chronology of which was later completely revised and differently grouped in Kirkpatrick's 1953 study of the composer. Longo also edited works by Domenico Gallo.
His compositions include, among others, two works for piano four-hands, a serenade and a suite; suites for piano with bassoon with oboe, with flute and with clarinet.
His son, Achille Longo (1900–1954), was also a composer.

</doc>
<doc id="9862226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862226" title="Alexander Tselikov">
Alexander Tselikov

Alexander Ivanovich Tselikov (; 20 April 1904, Moscow - 28 October 1984, Moscow) was a Soviet metallurgist, industrial machines designer, and Hero of Socialist Labor (1964). He was elected a corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in 1953 and full member (academician) in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9862227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862227" title="Joseph Case">
Joseph Case

Joseph ben Abraham Case (also Casa or Kaza; or ) was one of the foremost Polish rabbis and Talmudists of the end of the sixteenth century and the beginning of the seventeenth; died at Posen about 1610. His name, "Case" or "Kaza" is most probably only a variant of the well-known surname "Cases." This would argue for Italian descent; but it does not agree with the fact that Case called himself "Shapiro," as Bloch has conclusively proved.
After serving as chief rabbi of Lemberg, Case became city rabbi of Posen, while Mordecai ben Abraham Jafe was the district rabbi of Greater Poland. Although Case apparently left no writings, he was one of the first Talmudic authorities of his time, as may be seen from Benjamin Aaron Solnik's "responsum" No. 22, and Meïr ben Gedaliah of Lublin's "responsum" No. 88. Case's son Solomon (died January 2, 1612, at Lemberg) was also an eminent Talmudist.

</doc>
<doc id="9862260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862260" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Combined">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Combined

Men's Combined World Cup 1990/1991
Final point standings.
In Men's Combined World Cup 1990/91 only one competition was held.
Men's Combined Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9862264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862264" title="That Summer (song)">
That Summer (song)

"That Summer" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released in April 1993 as the third single from his album "The Chase" and also appears on "The Hits", "The Ultimate Hits", "The Limited Series" and "Double Live". It reached number-one on the Billboard Country Charts in 1993. The song was written by Garth Brooks, Pat Alger and Brooks' then-wife Sandy Mahl.
Background and writing.
On the 1996 television special, "The Garth Brooks Story", Garth talks about writing the song:
""That Summer started out as a single guy and a married woman meeting at a party. The married woman being ignored by who she was with, and they snuck off together. Allen Reynolds told me, "Man, I just don't find myself pulling for these characters. It doesn't seem innocently cool." I was thinking that he was right. Going home that night in the truck I started singing she has a need to feel the thunder. Sandy started helping me write the chorus and we got the chorus done. Probably one of the neat things that I love about That Summer is that I think the song is very sexy.""
Content.
The song is about a teenage boy "far from home" who goes to work for a "lonely widowed woman hellbent to make it on her own;" the woman apparently lives on a wheat farm ("wheat fields as far as I could see").
The apparently older woman slowly takes a liking to the young boy, to the point where one night she dons a dress "she hadn't worn in quite a while;" it is then implied by the rest of the second verse that the teenage boy loses his virginity by having sex with the more than willing middle-aged woman.
The third verse takes the now adult man back to the scene of his coming of age, having not seen the woman since long ago. Although the man has been with several other women by this point, he rarely doesn't see her face. And every time he passes a wheat field, he feels her hungry arms again.
Chart positions.
"That Summer" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 8, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9862269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862269" title="Dana Fuchs">
Dana Fuchs

Dana Fuchs (born January 10, 1976) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and voice over talent most famous for her performance in the 2007 film "Across the Universe", in which she played the role of Sadie.
Early life.
Fuchs was born in New Jersey and raised in Wildwood, Florida, a small rural town, daughter of Sandy and Don Fuchs. At the age of twelve, she joined the First Baptist Gospel Choir and began singing in public. At sixteen, she fronted a popular local band at a roadside Holiday Inn.
Career.
Her band sold out shows at the Mercury Lounge, the Stephen Talkhouse and BB King’s, sharing the bill with national acts, including Little Feat, Marianne Faithfull and Etta James.
The Dana Fuchs Band put out a CD, "Lonely For a Lifetime", in 2003. Fuchs has claimed that she "wanted to capture a soulful and rocking vibe…but with an earthiness to it.” Her second album, "Live in NYC", was issued on April 1, 2008, by Antler King Records. On April 13, 2011, the DFB released their second studio album, "Love to Beg".
Fuchs played Sadie in the Julie Taymor film "Across the Universe", performing covers of several Beatles songs. She also played the singing Janis Joplin in the Eric Nederlander production of Randall Myler's off-Broadway musical "Love, Janis". With Jack Livesy, Fuchs wrote and performed songs on the soundtrack for the Big Beach production of Laurie Collyer's independent film "Sherrybaby" including the opening and closing title songs. She also worked for MTV during the 1990s and 2000s as the voice of many of its on-air promos, mostly for 10 Spot shows.

</doc>
<doc id="9862270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862270" title="1747 in Ireland">
1747 in Ireland

Events from the year 1747 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9862271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862271" title="Hierarchical hidden Markov model">
Hierarchical hidden Markov model

The hierarchical hidden Markov model (HHMM) is a statistical model derived from the hidden Markov model (HMM). In an HHMM each state is considered to be a self-contained probabilistic model. More precisely each state of the HHMM is itself an HHMM. 
HHMMs and HMMs are useful in many fields, including pattern recognition.
Background.
It is sometimes useful to use HMMs in specific structures in order to 
facilitate learning and generalization. For example, even though a fully connected HMM could always be used if enough training data is available it is often useful to constrain the model by not allowing arbitrary state transitions. In the same way it can be beneficial to embed the HMM into a greater structure; which, theoretically, may not be able to solve any other problems than the basic HMM but can solve some problems more efficiently when it comes to the amount of training data required.
The hierarchical hidden Markov model.
In the hierarchical hidden Markov model (HHMM) each state is considered to be a self-contained probabilistic model. More precisely each state of the HHMM is itself an HHMM. This implies that the states of the HHMM emit sequences of observation symbols rather than single observation symbols as is the case for the standard HMM states. 
When a state in an HHMM is activated, it will activate its own probabilistic model, i.e. it will activate one of the states of the underlying HHMM, which in turn may activate its underlying HHMM and so on. The process is repeated until a special state, called a production state, is activated. Only the production states emit observation symbols in the usual HMM sense. When the production state has emitted a symbol, control returns to the state that activated the production state.
The states that do not directly emit observations symbols are called internal states. The activation of a state in an HHMM under an internal state is called a "vertical transition". After a vertical transition is completed a "horizontal transition" occurs to a state within the same level. When a horizontal transition leads to a "terminating" state control is returned to
the state in the HHMM, higher up in the hierarchy, that produced the last vertical transition.
Remember that a vertical transition can result in more vertical transitions before reaching a sequence of production states and
finally returning to the top level. Thus the production states visited gives rise to a sequence of observation symbols that is "produced" by the state at the top level.
The methods for estimating the HHMM parameters and model structure are more complex than for the HMM and the interested reader is referred to (Fine "et al.", 1998).
It should be pointed out that the HMM and HHMM belong to the same class of classifiers. That is, they can be used to solve the
same set of problems. In fact, the HHMM can be transformed into a standard HMM. However, the HHMM utilizes its structure to solve a subset of the problems more efficiently.

</doc>
<doc id="9862283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862283" title="Chief of Defence Materiel">
Chief of Defence Materiel

The Chief of Defence Materiel is a senior post in the British armed forces created in April 2007. It merges the roles of Chief of Defence Procurement and Chief of Defence Logistics into a single post responsible for leading Defence Equipment and Support.
The command may be held by a four-star officer, admiral, general, or air chief marshal appointed from the three services, and also by civilians.

</doc>
<doc id="9862286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862286" title="Don Nottoli">
Don Nottoli

Don Nottoli is a supervisor of Sacramento County, California, having been a member of the board since November 1994. A Democrat, he served as chief of staff to his predecessor, Toby Johnson.
Career.
Don has served five terms since his appointment in 1994. He represents the Fifth District which surrounds a 650 square mile area. The cities included in the Fifth district include: Elk Grove, Galt, Isleton and Rancho Cordova. 
Don works with the people who reside in the Fifth District by addressing them on a variety of local issues related to roads, traffic, drainage, water supply, land use, health programs, social services, law enforcement, recreational programs, cultural programs, the county budget and programs helping children, families and seniors.
Family.
Don is married to Brenda and the two reside in Sacramento County. 
Education.
Don attended a local high school in Sacramento County and obtained his bachelors degree in Government/Journalism from California State University, Sacramento. 

</doc>
<doc id="9862439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862439" title="Omaha Flames (soccer)">
Omaha Flames (soccer)

The Omaha Flames were an existing PDL franchise that played from 1996 to 1998. They played in Omaha, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="9862440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862440" title="We Must Obey">
We Must Obey

We Must Obey is the ninth album by the southern California Stoner rock band Fu Manchu. It was released on May 8, 2007 and features a cover of The Cars classic song "Moving in Stereo".
Personnel.
Produced by Fu Manchu and Andrew Alekel

</doc>
<doc id="9862445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862445" title="El Cerrito High School">
El Cerrito High School

El Cerrito High School is a public school in the West Contra Costa Unified School District. It is located on Ashbury Avenue in El Cerrito, California. 
Overview.
The original main school building was built in the late 1930s as a WPA project. The school opened to students on January 6, 1941.
Student population quickly outgrew the facilities, and the campus became a collection of small, outlying buildings. As concern grew over the building's safety and structural stability, plans were made for more integrated buildings and, in the summer of 2005, demolition of the old campus began. By 2007, the campus had been demolished, and the terrain was leveled in preparation for reconstruction. During the reconstruction, all classes were held in temporary buildings located south of the campus on the former baseball field. The new campus opened January 5, 2009.
El Cerrito high school’s profile of students by race is: 35.6% African-American, 23.7% Hispanic, 17.2% Asian, 16.7% Caucasian, and 2.5% Filipino. Many of these students are actually mixed race, making El Cerrito a very diverse high school. Over one third of students come from families with a low enough income to qualify for free or reduced price lunches under the National School Lunch Act. Many El Cerrito students come from the neighboring city of Richmond which is also served by the West Contra Costa Unified School District.
El Cerrito High School offers a variety of clubs in which students can participate, including American Sign Language Club, Amnesty International, Japanese Pop Culture Club, Students For A Free Tibet (SFT), Asian Student Union, Black Student Union, Concerts 101, Illustrators' Club, Cooking Club, El Cerrito Design and Production Club, Foreign Film Club, Forensics Team, Gaucho Marching Band, Gay Straight Alliance, Green Justice, Guitar Club, Illusionist Club, Interact, Jewish Student Union, Juggling Club, Math Club, Page Turners, Science and Technology Club, South Asian Student Union, The Hiking Club, and the Web Team. It also operates the KECG radio station.
Notable attendees.
Entertainment.
The following members of the band Creedence Clearwater Revival attended El Cerrito from 1959-1963:

</doc>
<doc id="9862454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862454" title="1737 in Ireland">
1737 in Ireland

This article lists events from the year 1737 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9862467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862467" title="Semyon Volfkovich">
Semyon Volfkovich

Semyon Isaakovich Volfkovich () (October 23, 1896 - 1980) was a Soviet chemist, technologist, and academician (1946). In 1941 he was awarded the Stalin Prize and in 1976 he received the Lomonosov Gold Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9862486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862486" title="Sillegny">
Sillegny

Sillegny is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.
The inhabitants are referred to as the "Sillegnois".
Geography.
Sillegny is located in the Seille Valley, a floodplain along the Seille river which flows near the village. In the west, the Côtes de Moselle massif and its outliers dominate the region.
Loiville, a hamlet belonging to the commune, is situated in the north, over the Rû des Crux in the direction of Coin-sur-Seille.
History.
The Roman road which connected Lyon to Trier runs west from
the village along the Forêt Dominale des Six Cantons forest. Ruins of a villa were found near this road, what is a proof of the ancient occupation of Sillegny. Furthermore the suffix "-y" comes from the Latin suffix "-iacum" (which comes himself from the Gaulish language "-ac") indicates a rural estate near a stream (the Seille river).
In the 11th century, Sillegny belonged to the abbey of Saint Pierre, and one century later to the Bishopric of Metz. In 1226 the name of the town changed and became Sulincium. In 1246 the bishop Jacques ceded the village to Sainte Marie abbey but the Diocese kept St.Martin church until the French Revolution. In 1635, at the end of the Thirty Years' War, Sillegny was nearly destroyed by the Swedish and the church became a pilgrimage place.
From 1871 to 1918 and between 1940 and 1945, when Alsace and Lorraine were annexed by Germany (see Treaty of Frankfurt (1871)), Sillegny became a German town renamed Sillningen situated in the Imperial Province of Elsass-Lothringen. The bombings of 1944 destroyed almost all the village.
During the German period, casemates (fortified gun emplacements) were built in the Forêt Dominale des Six Cantons, near "Les Jurieux" and Marly-aux-Bois (close to the Roman road) and along the D 67 road.

</doc>
<doc id="9862511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862511" title="1748 in Ireland">
1748 in Ireland

Events from the year 1748 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9862517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862517" title="Štiavnica Mountains">
Štiavnica Mountains

The Štiavnica Mountains (also Štiavnické Mountains; ) are a volcanic mountain range southern central Slovakia. They are part of Inner Western Carpathians and the Slovenské stredohorie Mountains. The area is protected by Štiavnica Mountains Protected Landscape Area.
They are bordered by the Kremnica Mountains ("Kremnické vrchy") in the north, Pliešovce and Krupina basins ("Krupinská kotlina") in the east, Danubian Hills ("Podunajská pahorkatina") in the south and Pohronský Inovec, Vtáčnik and Žiar Basin ("Žiarska kotlina") in the west. The highest point is Sitno (1,009 m).
Štiavnica Mountains are an immense caldera created by the collapse of an ancient volcano. Due to their volcanic origin, they are mineral-rich, with around 140 kinds of minerals. In the past, silver mining flourished in the area around the town of Banská Štiavnica.
There are 24 lakes called tajchy in Štiavnica Mountains. Although they are now integrated in their natural environment, they were originally built in the 18th century as water reservoirs serving the mining industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9862519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862519" title="Capital Airlines Flight 75">
Capital Airlines Flight 75

Capital Airlines Flight 75 was a domestic scheduled Capital Airlines flight operating between La Guardia Airport and Atlanta Airport. A Vickers Viscount flying the route crashed in Chase, Maryland, on May 12, 1959, with the loss of all on board. The crash was the second of three involving a Capital Airlines Vickers Viscount in as many years; the other two were Capital Airlines Flight 20 and Capital Airlines Flight 67.
The flight left the terminal at La Guardia at 3:20 in the afternoon, 20 minutes after it was scheduled to begin, and took off at 3:29. It then climbed to 14,000 feet before coming onto the assigned airway, Victor 3. By 4:02 the crew contacted Washington Center, reporting over Westchester and estimating Westminster at fifteen minutes away. In the same message they noted that there were thunderstorms along the assigned course, and requested permission to stay in the clear a little south of Westminster. The air traffic controller acknowledged the message and gave the go-ahead. At 4:10 the flight called again, the pilots noting that they had slowed somewhat to account for turbulence. This was the last message sent by the flight crew; three minutes later, the plane entered an area of severe turbulence, lost control, and entered a steep descent.
It is believed that the craft reached an airspeed of 335 knots, fully 15 percent more than the Viscount's never-exceed speed, and about 5 percent in excess of the maximum speed demonstrated when the plane was certified. Consequently, at about 5000 feet both of the horizontal stabilizers failed at once, separating downard. The separation caused the plane to pitch violently downward; the gyroscopic loads combined with inertia to cause all four engine nacelles to break upward. Both wings were then subjected to extreme downloads. Under the pressure the right wing separated, and the integrity of the left was completely destroyed.
With so much of the aircraft's superstructure gone, the left wing induced drag on the fuselage, yawing it violently to the left. More forces from that direction tore off the vertical fin, which came away with portions of the fuselage, already weakened from losing the left stabilizer, still attached. Further gyrations caused the left wing to disintegrate, opening its fuel tanks and leading to a flash fire. What was left of the fuselage crumbled, and the craft plunged to the ground in rural Maryland.
The cause of the accident was determined to be a loss of control of the plane in turbulence, resulting in an involuntary steep descent which created aerodynamic loads in excess of those for which the craft had been designed.

</doc>
<doc id="9862526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862526" title="Laurel Johannesson">
Laurel Johannesson

Laurel Johannesson is a Canadian artist who studied at the University of Calgary in Alberta (MFA, 1999), the University of Saskatchewan (BFA, 1993 and BA, 1991), and the Royal College of Art in London, England. With degree specializations in printmaking, digital media, drawing and painting and a background in photography and video, her work often crosses the boundaries between all of these areas.
In 2005, Laurel was an invited Artist in Residence at the Association of Icelandic Visual Artists in Reykjavík, Iceland as well as the Skopelos Foundation for the Arts in Skopelos, Greece. In June 2006, she returned to Greece where she was Artist in Residence at the Apothiki Art Centre on the island of Paros, where her work was also exhibited in a solo exhibition in July 2007. In addition, she was an invited Fellow at the Bau Institute in Italy in 2007 and in 2008 in the Côte d’Azur where she was once again Artist in Residence. Most recently she has been a Visiting Artist at the American Academy in Rome. Upcoming projects for 2010 include a solo exhibition in Venice, Italy.
Johannesson has exhibited her work extensively in Canada as well as internationally including countries such as Greece, Italy, England, France, India, Iceland, Argentina, Germany, Japan, Chile, and the United States. She has been the recipient of numerous awards and her work is included in many prestigious public, private, and corporate collections. Laurel Johannesson is currently Assistant Dean at the Alberta College of Art and Design and is working on a PhD at the University of Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="9862542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862542" title="Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay

The men's 4x200 metre freestyle relay was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics programme. It was the second appearance of the event, which had been introduced in 1908. The competition was held on Friday July 12, 1912 and Monday July 15, 1912.
Twenty swimmers from five nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1912 Summer Olympics.
All five teams swam in times under the standing world record in the semifinals. The Americans, by virtue of winning the first semifinal, held the new record only until the Australasian team won the second in a better time. The Australasians bettered their own record in the final, making the 4x200 free relay an event in which the Olympic record (and world record) was broken each heat.
Results.
Semifinals.
The top two from each heat and the fastest of third place teams advanced. Since there were only five teams that started, this resulted in all five advancing to the finals with no team eliminated by the semifinals.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2

</doc>
<doc id="9862571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862571" title="Airspeed Queen Wasp">
Airspeed Queen Wasp

The Airspeed AS.30 Queen Wasp was a British pilotless target aircraft built by Airspeed Limited at Portsmouth during the Second World War. Although intended for both Royal Air Force and Royal Navy use, the aircraft was fated not to go into series production.
Design and development.
The Queen Wasp was built to meet an Air Ministry Specification Q.32/35 for a pilotless target aircraft to replace the de Havilland Tiger Moth based de Havilland Queen Bee. Two prototypes were ordered in May 1936, one to have a wheeled landing gear for use by the Royal Air Force and the other as a floatplane for Royal Navy use for air-firing practice at sea. Powered by the Armstrong Siddeley Cheetah engine, a total of 65 aircraft were ordered, contingent on the success of the flight test programme.
The aircraft was a single-engined biplane constructed of wood with sharply-tapered wings and fabric-covered control surfaces. An enclosed cabin with one seat was provided so the Queen Wasp could be flown manually with the radio control system turned off. The radio control system was complex with a number of backup safety devices to ensure radio and battery operation was uninterrupted. A trailing receiver aerial was winched out after takeoff and served as an automatic landing device which was activated when the trailing aerial weight hit the runway. The sensitivity of the system in turbulent weather meant that an alternative landing signal was used to initiate a landing procedure.
The landplane first flew on 11 June 1937, and the floatplane on 19 October 1937. The floatplane was successfully catapulted from HMS "Pegasus" in November 1937.
Operational history.
In flight tests, the aircraft was found to be underpowered and water handling difficulties necessitated a redesign of the floats by their builder Shorts. Although the production run of 10 aircraft was begun (P5441–P5450), only three more aircraft were completed and delivered to the Royal Air Force.
Airspeed proposed a number of unsuccessful designs derived from the Queen Wasp including the AS.38 communications aircraft and the AS.50 trainer developed to meet Specification T.24/40.

</doc>
<doc id="9862578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862578" title="Daejongism">
Daejongism

Daejongism ( "Daejonggyo" or "Taejongkyo", "religion of the Divine Progenitor" or "great ancestral religion") or Dangunism (Korean: "Dangungyo" or "Tangunkyo", "religion of Dangun") is the name of a number of religious movements within the framework of Korean shamanism, focused on the worship of Dangun (or Tangun). There are around seventeen of these groups, the main one of which was founded in Seoul in 1909 by Na Cheol (나철, 1864-1916).
Dangunists believe their mythos to be the authentic Korean native religion, that was already around as "Gosindo" (古神道, "way of the Ancestral God" or "ancient way of God") at the time of the first Mongol invasions of Korea, and that was revived as "Daejongism" ("Daejonggyo") just at the start of the Japanese occupation. The religion was suppressed during the Japanese rule.
The god of the religion is the legendary king Dangun, who ruled over a Korean empire around 5000 years ago. Its main tenet is that the Koreans have their own God and they have no need to worship foreign gods. Its emphasis is on the national identity and unity of the Korean people (known as "minjok") and as such has been associated with Korean nationalism (and sometimes ultranationalism).
Daejongism does not focus so much on institutions or rituals but rather on central doctrines and associated mythologies, so that it is more definable as a creed or a faith system rather than an organized religion. A 1995 census found that fewer than 10,000 Koreans claim to follow the religion.
Teaching.
Central to the faith is the belief in Haneullim, the trinitarian God of Korean culture: the creator (Hanim/Hwanin), the teacher (Hanung/Hwanung) and the ruler (Dangun/Hanbaegŏm). Dangun, the leader of the Korean nation, is thought to be the third, and human, manifestation of Haneullim ("God of Heaven") or Haneul ("Heaven"). His physical mother was Ungnye (熊女) a bear transformed into a woman.
After his earthly reign, Dangun ascended to Heaven. Semantically, Haneul connotes three Gods: God-Father as the creator of the universe, God-Teacher as the mentor of universal nature and God-King as ruler of creation.
Samsin Sinang.
Samsin Sinang is a Dangunist sect. Its headquarters are in Pyeongchang County. The current leader is Bae Sun-moon, and the religion promotes the Korean reunification.
History and influences.
Na Cheol (1863–1916), known for his role as a leader of the Korean independence movement from Japanese rule, founded the religion in 1909 as its "great teacher" ("tosagyo") and named it first "Dangunism" ("Dangungyo", Dangun religion) and then a year later "Daejongism" ("Daejonggyo").
He said that it was a revival of "Goshindo" (古神道, "way of the Ancestral God"), the belief in the trinitarian god that was worshipped in ancient Korea. Some scholars have suggested the affinity to Christianity, though the ethical basis of the religion is similar to Confucianism.
The importance of Dangun was influenced by Shin Chaeho's "A New Reading of History", and Dangun was emphasised over another legendary figure, Jizi (Kija), who was said to not be Korean in origin. Na claimed that the "Goshindo" religion was approximately 4300 years of age, which would make it Korea's oldest religion.
After the annexation of Korea in 1910 by the Empire of Japan, the new religion was spread in Manchuria by Na, where it set up schools and social centers, and became a focus of the Korean independence movement. Na committed suicide at a shrine on Mount Kuwŏl in 1916, saying that he had guilt over his failures and was martyring himself for the sake of his religion, God and people.
Leaders of the religion after Na include his successor Kim Kyohong, and An Ho-Sang. The teachings of Dangun were said by Kim in his "History of the Divine Dangun's People" to be the "sin gyo" or "divine teaching", and he said that various Korean religions, such as that of Wang Kon, were continuations of the "sin gyo", but that these beliefs had been suppressed under the Mongols, Buddhism, and Confucianism. The main task of the religion was "chunggwang" ("lighting anew"), meaning reviving the memory of Dangun.

</doc>
<doc id="9862595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862595" title="1861 in Ireland">
1861 in Ireland

Events from the year 1861 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9862637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862637" title="KSRN">
KSRN

KSRN (107.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Kings Beach, California, USA. The station serves the Reno area. The station is currently owned by Lazer Licenses, LLC. KSRN airs a regional Mexican music format branded as "Radio Lazer".

</doc>
<doc id="9862650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862650" title="The Three Enchanted Princes">
The Three Enchanted Princes

The Three Enchanted Princes is an Italian literary fairy tale written by Giambattista Basile in his 1634 work, the "Pentamerone".
Synopsis.
The king of Green Bank had three beautiful daughters. The king of Fair Meadows had three sons, who had been transformed into a falcon, a stag, and a dolphin; these sons loved the three daughters, but the king would not marry them to animals. The sons summoned all the animals of their kind and made war until the king yielded. They were married, and the queen gave each of her daughters a ring so they could recognize one another.
After the wedding, the queen gave birth to a son, Tittone. One day, she lamented that she never heard what happened to her daughters. Tittone set out to find them. He found the eldest with the falcon husband; she hid him and persuaded her husband to let him visit. He stayed for a time, and the falcon gave him a feather when he set out to find the other sisters. After a time, he found the second sister, and her husband the stag made him welcome, and when he left, gave him some of its hair. He found the third husband, and her husband the dolphin made him welcome and gave him some scales when he left.
Returning, he found a maiden captive in a tower, where a dragon slept, and which was surrounded by a lake. She begged him to save her. He threw down the feather, hairs, and scales, and his brothers-in-law appeared. The falcon summoned griffins to carry her to freedom; when the dragon woke, the stag summoned lions, bears, and other animals to tear it to pieces; the dolphin had waves engulf the tower to destroy it. This freed the brothers-in-law from their enchanted shapes, and they returned with their brides to their own parents, and Tittone returned to his with his bride.

</doc>
<doc id="9862716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862716" title="KRNV-FM">
KRNV-FM

KRNV-FM is a commercial radio station located in Reno, Nevada, broadcasting on 102.1 FM. KRNV-FM airs a Regional Mexican music format branded as "Radio Tri-Color".

</doc>
<doc id="9862753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862753" title="Julius Nyerere International Airport">
Julius Nyerere International Airport

Julius Nyerere International Airport (JNIA) is the principal airport serving Dar es Salaam, the largest city in Tanzania. It is located about southwest of the city. The airport has flights to destinations in Africa, Europe, and the Middle East. It was formerly officially known as Dar es Salaam International Airport before being renamed in 2006 in honour of Julius Nyerere, the nation's first president.
History.
The German colonial Government built the first airport in Tanganyika at Kurasini in Temeke District in 1918. It was called Mkeja Airport.
Dar es Salaam Airport, Terminal I, was built in the Ukonga area in 1954. The Government of Tanzania began construction of Terminal II in 1982 and completed it in 1984.
In October 2005, "Dar es Salaam International Airport" (DIA) was renamed "Mwalimu Julius Kambarage Nyerere International Airport", on 1 November 2006 "Julius Nyerere International Airport".
A total of 9,501,265 passengers used the airport from 1980 to 2004, averaging 2,770 passengers per day.
Operations.
In 2011, the airport served 1,829,219 passengers.
In April 2013, the Tanzania Airports Authority signed a TSH 275 billion (USD 168 million) contract with BAM International of the Netherlands for the construction of the first phase of Terminal III, with a capacity of 3.5 million passengers per year. The second phase will add capacity for 6 million passengers per year. After completion of Terminal III, Terminal II will be devoted to domestic passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="9862787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862787" title="Genuine (film)">
Genuine (film)

Genuine (original German title: "Genuine, die Tragödie eines seltsamen Hauses"; literally: "Genuine, the tragedy of a strange house") is a 1920 German silent horror film directed by Robert Wiene. It was also released as "Genuine: A Tale of a Vampire".
The film's sets were designed by the Expressionist painter César Klein.
The film has been released as an extra feature on DVD releases of the Wiene film "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari".
Plot.
Since completing a portrait of Genuine, a high priestess, Percy becomes irritable and withdrawn. He loses interest in painting and refuses to see his friends, preferring to spend his time alone with the portrait in his study. After turning down a wealthy patron's offer to buy the picture, Percy falls asleep while reading stories of Genuine's life. Genuine comes to life from the painting and escapes.
Genuine is purchased at a slave market by an old eccentric named Lord Melo. He learns that she had been sold into slavery when her people were conquered by a rival tribe. Melo locks her in an opulent chamber beneath his house, though she begs to be set free. 
Guyard the barber visits Lord Melo every day at noon, though today he sends his young nephew Florian in his place. Meanwhile, Genuine breaks out of her underground prison, climbs the immense staircase to find Florian shaving the sleeping Lord Melo. She bewitches him into slitting Melo's throat with a straight razor. Florian falls under Genuine's spell, but when she demands that he prove his love for her by taking his own life, he cannot go through with it and is forced to make his escape.
Melo's grandson Percy arrives at the house. He too becomes infatuated with Genuine, quickly forgetting any questions he has about his grandfather's sudden death. Although Genuine loves Percy in return, their romance is destined to be short-lived. Guyard, stirred up by Florian's tales of murder and witchcraft, arms a mob with scythes and bludgeons and storms Melo's house. Florian, still infatuated with Genuine, secretly makes his own way inside, determined that he shall have her, or no-one will.
Reception.
Genuine was disliked when it was released, with critics such as Siegfried Kracauer and Lotte Eisner dismissing it as a failure. It was unlike Decla-Bioscop's previous film "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" which was well received. Even today, the story is difficult to follow.

</doc>
<doc id="9862792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862792" title="Anglesey Central Railway">
Anglesey Central Railway

The Anglesey Central Railway (Welsh: "Lein Amlwch", "Amlwch Line") was a long standard-gauge railway in Anglesey, Wales, connecting the port of Amlwch and the county town of Llangefni with the North Wales Coast Line at Gaerwen. Built as an independent railway, the railway opened in portions from 1864 to 1867. Due to financial troubles the railway was sold to the London and North Western Railway in 1876, who invested significantly in the infrastructure. Operation continued under various companies during the twentieth century, but passenger services were withdrawn in 1964 as part of the Beeching Axe. Industrial freight services continued until 1993.
The railway's tracks have been left "in situ", and local groups have demonstrated an interest in restoring services (possibly as a heritage railway). The sustainable transport charity Sustrans has proposed to use the route as a cycle path. The Welsh Assembly Government, in partnership with Network Rail, commissioned a feasibility study into the reopening of the line, which started in early 2011.
Route.
The railway branches off westbound from the North Wales Coast Line at Gaerwen, and turns north-east to descend into Malltraeth Marsh (Welsh: "Cors Ddyga"), passing below Thomas Telford's A5 and the A55 just prior to Holland Arms station at Pentre Berw. The Red Wharf Bay branch (now removed) left the line here, as the Amlwch line continues north-west, crossing the River Cefni and approaching Llangefni.
North of Llangefni, the railway follows the course of the River Cefni in The Dingle (Nant Y Pandy). Having followed the river through the narrow valley, over bridges and through cuttings, the railway crosses Llyn Cefni, the island's second largest reservoir.
The railway continues north-west over easier terrain towards Llangwyllog and Llanerchymedd, where it turns north, running to the west of Llyn Alaw toward Rhosgoch. It then turns north-east around Parys Mountain before reaching Amlwch.
History.
Early days.
The railways arrived on Anglesey with the construction of the Chester and Holyhead Railway, of which the section from Llanfairpwll to Holyhead opened in 1848, two years before the Britannia Bridge was finished. The Chester and Holyhead railway surveyed a branch to Llangefni in 1852, but chose not to proceed. George Stephenson notably reported that the line was not worth building.
The idea of a local railway was still of interest to the people of Anglesey. A public meeting was held in Llangefni on 5 July 1858, to popularise the idea of building a railway leaving the main line at Gaerwen, running north to Amlwch, west to Cemaes Bay, then south through Llanrhyddlad to rejoin the main line at Valley. This ambitious scheme did not gain enough support to proceed, although some landowners offered to exchange land for shares.
Proposals changed into a railway from Gaerwen to Amlwch, with another meeting in Llangefni, on 1 August 1861. David Davies and his partner Ezra Roberts offered to build the line at a cost of £6,000 per mile, complete except for rolling stock, or for £5,000 per mile, with the company to purchase the land and meet "preliminary and parliamentary expenses". This proposal won favour with the fledgling company, but it was not taken up. The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) (who had taken over the Chester and Holyhead Railway) were approached in 1862. The LNWR were not interested, so the railway was financed independently.
1863–1876: Independent operation.
The Anglesey Central Railway Act 1863 (26 & 27 Vict. c.cxxviii) founded the company, with capital of £120,000. The chairman was William Bulkeley Hughes, MP for Caernarfon and local railway prospector. The ceremonial first sod was cut on 11 September 1863, with construction starting the following year by the contractors Dickson and Russell. With the line approaching Llangefni later in October 1864, LNWR engineers were authorised to build the main line junction at Gaerwen, at the Anglesey Central Railway's expense.
The line opened for freight as far as Llangefni on 16 December 1864. A special train carried the directors and friends from Bangor to a temporary station in Llangefni in 37 minutes. A banquet was held at the Bull Hotel for 100 guests, with celebrations continuing that evening in Bangor. The line was surveyed by Captain Rich on behalf of the Board of Trade in February, and they approved the line for passenger traffic on 8 March 1865. Passenger services started four days later, with an engine and carriages loaned by the LNWR. In the six months to December 1865, the railway carried 18,839 passengers and 3,866 tons of freight (3,928 t), excluding livestock.
Further construction of the line was limited by a lack of funds. Russell asked the LNWR to adopt the line in August 1865, to no avail. An Act of 1866 gave permission to raise a further £20,000, with loans of £6,600. After raising this capital, the line was opened to Llanerchymedd in 1866, with the temporary station at Llangefni replaced by a permanent structure half a mile further on. Captain Rich, when surveying the line, noted that the curves and gradients were severe, and recommended that the line be worked at moderate speed. He also noted the lack of turntables, and the company's intention to use Fairlie engines on the line.
The 1866 Act also gave the Anglesey Central Railway (ACR) the right to authorise Dickson to lease or work the line, or to lease or sell the line to the LNWR. Dickson did indeed undertake to operate services. He requested permission from the LNWR to run services through to Bangor, but they refused, and passengers had to continue to change at Gaerwen. The act authorised a branch from Rhosgoch to Cemaes, but this was not built. The Fairlie engine "Mountaineer" was in use on the line in April 1866, but by October 1867 it was in use on the Neath and Brecon Railway, of which Dickson was also the contractor and whose traffic he was working. The Neath and Brecon's 0-6-0 "Miers" also operated on the ACR, under the name "Anglesea". Neither of those engines was considered successful.
The railway reaches Amlwch.
The final section to Amlwch was surveyed by the now Major Rich in January 1867. After remedial work, it opened to passengers throughout on 3 June 1867, although the first freight train to Amlwch was on 10 September 1866, according to Amlwch's first stationmaster, Mr O. Dew.
The line had been built single track throughout, with the only run-around loop provided at Amlwch, meaning that trains could not pass each other. To ensure safe working, the Staff and Ticket system was used in three sections: Gaerwen-Llangefni, Llangefni-Llanerchymedd, and Llanerchymedd-Amlwch, using "A" and "B" configured staffs alternately. No turntable was built, as the intended Fairlie engines would not require one. When the LNWR provided engines, they used tank engines where possible, rather than an engine with a tender.
Mona Mine, operating the copper works at Parys Mountain, switched from exporting ore by sea to by railway in 1865, two years before it reached Amlwch. Delivery prices per ton of ore were 25 shillings to London, 20 shillings to Birmingham, and 14 shillings and 2 pence to Liverpool, when carried from Gaerwen (by the LNWR). Carriage from Llangefni (then the terminus of the ACR) cost 2 shillings and sixpence more.
The mines soon became uneconomic to operate and closed in 1871. Livestock, artificial fertiliser, and farm produce made up the majority of the remaining freight traffic.
Financial troubles.
Dickson, who was operating all services on the railway, failed financially in September 1867. William Dew, secretary of the company, writing in April of that year stated that "the affairs of the railway are in such a critical and pressing state". The ACR turned once again to the LNWR, asking them to work the line. These negotiations failed, but the LNWR did agree to lend an engine and carriages once again. T. L. Kettle suggested to the chairperson in 1870 that sale to the LNWR would be desirable, on account of the company's debts. The financial situation restricted the company's ambitions:
On 16 December 1875, as a result of legal action by independent locomotive manufacturers, an injunction was issued restricting the LNWR "from manufacturing locomotive engines or other rolling stock for sale or hire on other than their own railway". In January 1876 the LNWR informed the ACR that they could no longer lend the engine in use, as a result of the recent court case. Three choices were suggested by the LNWR: that the line be bought outright, that a proper working arrangement be made, or that the ACR "might buy the engine and carriages now on the line". The ACR were not in a position to buy the stock, and made arrangements for the sale of the railway.
1876–1923: London and North Western Railway.
After a decade of operating as an independent company, the line was transferred to the London and North Western Railway in 1876, for £80,000. This was enacted by the Anglesey Central Railway (Transfer) Act of 1876 (39 & 40 Vict. cap clxxii), and the LNWR assumed control of the line on 1 July 1876.
A survey conducted by the LNWR found that the bridges and culverts were in a fair condition, but the stations were dirty. Fences were decayed, rails needed replacing, some sleepers were rotten, and the ballast was soft and shaley. The LNWR addressed these problems over the coming years.
A short passing loop was built at Llangefni station in 1877 for engines to run round, but at only long it was not of much use for allowing passenger trains to pass each other. A refuge siding was built for freight trains at Llanerchymedd in 1878, along with an engine shed in Amlwch. In 1882, new station buildings replaced the basic wooden sheds at Holland Arms, Llangwyllog and Rhosgoch, as well as development of the junction at Gaerwen into a full double junction, and a second signal cabin built there. An extended Amlwch station received a canopy by 1884. The staff and ticket system was supplemented with block working in 1886, and was replaced with the electric staff system in 1894.
1877 accident.
In the early morning of 29 November 1877, heavy rain caused the dam of the Rhodgeidio mill near Llanerchymedd to breach, and the surge of water washed away the wooden Caemawr bridge over the Afon Alaw. The first train of the day was driven by William Taylor, with fireman John Saunders and railway inspector John Davies also on the footplate. The train also included two coal trucks, a passenger coach, and a guard's van, with Edward Hughes serving as the guard. The whole train went over the side of the bridge into the river. Edward Hughes dragged himself out, and was taken to the nearest farm. John Davies was scalded to death, and Taylor and Saunders were found injured, and could not be freed until mid-day. John Saunders later died from his injuries.
Robert Williams, one of the Anglesey Central Railway's first drivers, noted that he had been instructed to drive the morning train, but that he slept late, and William Taylor replaced him at short notice. The bridge was later rebuilt in stone, and is known to this day as "Pont Damwain" (Accident Bridge).
Red Wharf Bay branch.
The LNWR obtained powers to build a branch from Holland Arms to Red Wharf Bay in 1899 and 1900.
The line was opened to Pentraeth in 1908, and reached Red Wharf Bay in 1909. The Gaerwen-Llangefni staff section was replaced with Gaerwen-Holland Arms and Holland Arms-Llangefni sections, but the single line to Red Wharf Bay was operated as one section.
The autotrain introduced to serve this branch also operated on the Amlwch line: when not running to Red Wharf Bay the motor train would operate between Llangefni and Gaerwen while the main branch train was on the round trip from Llangefni to Amlwch and back.
Passing loop at Llangwyllog.
The lack of a passing loop suitable for passenger trains on the Amlwch line meant that trains could only operate every two hours. Coordinating this limited timetable with the main line services through Gaerwen was difficult, and passengers could face a long wait on occasions. To make the branch line workings more flexible, a passing loop was proposed for Llangwyllog in March 1914. The work was completed for the summer timetables. This required introducing a new working section, and Llangwyllog became a staff station. As the new section was in the middle of a line, a third type of staff was required (a "C" configuration); one of only a few sections on the LNWR that did not use a type A or B staff.
In 1916, the passing loop was used by one pair of passenger trains in the evening, with an extra down train (toward Amlwch) making seven down and six up trains per day. The railmotor train's services had grown to 24 single trips between Gaerwen/Holland Arms and Llangefni/Red Wharf Bay. The continuing shortages of World War I meant that in January 1917 many passenger services were to be cut to give more resources to the war effort. The railways were slow to recover from the wartime hardships, and in 1921 there were six passenger trains to and from Amlwch, and only 18 single trips by the motor train.
1923–1946: London, Midland and Scottish Railway.
In 1923 Britain's numerous railway companies were grouped into the "Big Four", and the LNWR's assets became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS).
Holland Arms' functionality as a staff station was only useful for the Red Wharf Bay branch, but a signalman was still required for all Amlwch services. In about 1925, LMS introduced a switching-out system that could turn the Gaerwen-Holland Arms and Holland Arms-Llangefni sections into one long section. This was of particular advantage in early mornings and evenings, when the only services were on the Amlwch line.
The July 1924 timetable showed eight passenger trains each way between Amlwch and Gaerwen, with the Red Wharf Bay railmotor operating to Llangefni three times a day. The extra Thursday service to Llangefni for the market was still included. By the summer of 1929, there were eight trains from Gaerwen to Amlwch, and seven in the other direction. One train to and from Amlwch no longer ran Thursdays, replaced with a second two return trip to Llangefni, operated by the railmotor. The loop at Llangwyllog now saw three pairs of passenger trains passing on weekdays, while the daily freight train would be shunted into sidings at Llangefni and Llanerchymedd to make way. Motor train services were back up to 24 single trips a day, including the Red Wharf Bay services.
The Great Depression brought a number of cutbacks to Anglesey's railways. The withdrawal of passenger services on the Red Wharf Bay branch in September 1930 affected the Amlwch line, as the motor train that operated the extra Gaerwen–Llangefni services was withdrawn. Amlwch's engine shed was closed on 14 September 1931, with all trains being worked from Bangor. As the economy recovered, the number of Gaerwen–Amlwch services was increased. The summer of 1938 saw ten down and eight up trains for passengers, with eleven each way on Saturdays.
1946–1993: British Railways/British Rail.
A dam was built across the Cefni river north of Llangefni in the late 1940s to increase the water supply available to the island. The new reservoir, Llyn Cefni, crossed the railway's trackbed, and a bridge was built to support it. A second reservoir, Llyn Alaw, was formed adjacent to the railway north of Llanerchymedd in the 1960s, but did not interfere with the line's alignment.
Passenger numbers at Holland Arms station had fallen since the end of passenger services on the Red Wharf Bay branch. The branch was closed to all traffic in 1950, and Holland Arms closed on 4 August 1952.
Under British Rail, many passenger services on the Amlwch branch operated through to Bangor, removing the need to change trains at Gaerwen. An early three-coach British United Traction (A.E.C.) diesel multiple unit train was trialled on the line in May 1953. The train was economical in fuel use, and did not require a fireman, but train passengers and crew complained at the very rough ride - rattling windows a particular complaint. As part of British Rail's Modernisation Plan, Derby Lightweight DMUs were introduced three years later. A 1956 brochure advertised day return tickets from Bangor to Amlwch for 4s.4d, or Llangefni for 11d. Steam engines continued to be used for freight trains, and for extra workings such as Saturday trains. Steam returned for all passenger trains in the summers of 1963 and 1964 due to a shortage of DMUs.
A bromine extraction plant was opened in Amlwch in 1953 by Associated Ethyl (soon renamed Associated Octel, and later part of the Great Lakes Chemical Corporation). Chlorine produced at a plant in Ellesmere Port was brought by rail to Amlwch, which was used to extract bromine from sea water. The resulting ethylene dibromide was taken from Amlwch by rail as well. The company built a light railway through the town to Amlwch station, and a marshalling yard for exchanging freight wagons.
Run down and closure.
The line stopped carrying passengers on 5 December 1964, as part of the rationalisation known as the Beeching Axe. All stations were closed, and all goods yards, passing loops and sidings removed, except the marshalling yard for the Octel freight. Octel's freight traffic totaled 70,000 tons annually, and the railway was kept in order to serve this traffic. Local freight services ceased, and the electric ticket system was withdrawn. Only one train was permitted to be on the branch at a time, but this was sufficient for Octel's requirements. The double junction at Gaerwen was also remodelled. Once the freight trains were being worked by diesel locomotives, arrangements were made for the British Rail engines to operate all the way to the plant.
Amlwch station was demolished when the adjacent road was rebuilt. A nearby warehouse now houses a visitor centre with a model railway and exhibitions. Llanerchymedd station became property of the local council, and is currently in a dilapidated condition. Other stations passed into private ownership.
A spur was built near Rhosgoch to facilitate the building of an oil tank farm in the 1970s. This was built to receive oil from tankers moored offshore in the deep waters off Amlwch, before it was pumped to the Stanlow Refinery in Cheshire. The site was decommissioned after a short life, but the short spur remains.
A Class 31 locomotive, number 31296, was named 'Amlwch Freighter'/'Trên Nwyddau Amlwch' in September 1986 at the Associated Octel plant. At this point, 33 years after the opening of the Octel plant at Amlwch, 2 million tonnes of traffic had been conveyed from their freight terminal. A scale model was produced by Lima with this nameplate affixed. The name was removed in March 1990 and transferred to the Class 47 locomotive 47330, which was renumbered 47390 for a period, retaining the name. This locomotive was later rebuilt as a Class 57, and renamed 'The Hood' by its new operator, Virgin Trains.
A few special passenger services were subsequently operated, notably in 1969, 1983 and 1992/93. In 1993, Octel's daily freight traffic was transferred to road haulage, for safety reasons, and traffic thus ceased on the line. The Octel plant closed in 2003, and has since been demolished.
Rolling stock.
The ACR hired rolling stock from the LNWR for their inaugural services. When Dickson was operating the line from 1866 to 1868, he used the following engines:
From 1868, the LNWR provided rolling stock again, until their acquisition of the line in 1876. The following types of engine have been noted as being used on the line since:
Diesel engines were used for the Octel freight after British Rail's withdrawal of steam engines. A railfan website notes Class 24, Class 40, and Class 47 as having been used for the freight services, as well as the 1983 special passenger services. The 1992 specials used Class 101 DMU units, and the 1993 special used Class 20 and Class 37 engines.
Preservation and redevelopment attempts.
The continuation of Octel Freight Traffic until 1993 ensured that not only was the trackbed kept whole, but the majority of the rail infrastructure was still in situ. As such, the Amlwch line was well suited to preservation as a heritage railway, or see a return of mainline services. The continued role of Llangefni as an administrative and commercial centre led British Rail and Gwynedd County Council to consider restoring passenger services between Llangefni and Bangor in the late 1980s, but the idea was turned down.
Isle of Anglesey Railways Ltd.
After a public meeting in Amlwch to gauge local support, Isle of Anglesey Railways Ltd (IoAR) was established in 1991 with the aim of restoring passenger services to the line. Special trains ran from Bangor to a temporary station at Amlwch on the Spring and August bank holidays of 1992, and the 125th anniversary of the line's opening (a total of eight return trips). Pathfinder Tours subsequently ran an excursion from York to Llandudno and Amlwch in October 1993. The project's viability was discussed with the Welsh Development Agency and Anglesey District Council, followed by negotiations in July 1993 with Railfreight Distribution to purchase the line. Octel offered a portion of its private railway for the building of a new station at Amlwch. IoAR initially hoped to start passenger services between Amlwch and Llangefni as early as 1994.
The privatisation of British Rail in the mid-1990s disrupted this process. The post-privatisation owner Railtrack's asking price of £300,000 in 1996 required seeking grants from the European Commission. With no traffic or maintenance, the line started to become overgrown. In the meantime, Sustrans proposed the railway should be converted into a cycle route, similar to the Lôn Eifion cycle route which follows the path of the former Carnarvonshire Railway from Caernarfon to Afon Wen. In 1998–99 surveys of the railway bridges showed their condition to be "better than expected". A petition of 7,000 signatures was presented to Anglesey County Council in January 1999, calling for better cycling facilities on the island, and particularly a cycle path from Amlwch to Gaerwen. Support for the railway option was demonstrated by a charter train named the "Lein Amlwch Venturer", hauled by 6024 King Edward I, which ran from Crewe to Gaerwen junction on Saturday 23 January.
Anglesey County Council was planning to buy the track in support of the railway in 2000, but was later reported as having withdrawn its support for IoAR in May 2001. Five months later Railtrack was placed in administration, and ownership of Britain's railways (including the Amlwch line) was transferred to Network Rail in October 2002.
Cycle Route.
Tourism Partnership North Wales's 2003 report was supportive of the possibility of implementing both a heritage railway and cycle route side by side. Anglesey County Council was considering both options again according to a 2005 report. The Managing Director of Anglesey County Council wrote a letter of support in principle to Anglesey Central Railway (2006) Ltd in January 2006, however councillors voted in favour of a "cycle, walking and bridle path route" in March 2007, contributing £5,000 toward a feasibility study days before ACR(2006) Ltd were told that the lease of the railway from Network Rail had been approved. The Council voted in favour of a cycle route motion in October 2007, and Network Rail informed ACR(2006) Ltd that the lease was on hold due to the council's reversal of policy. The motion's proposer stated that "high-level negotiations" were taking place between Network Rail and cycle route advocates. A potential compromise was identified as using the Amlwch-Llanerchymedd portion as a cycle route, and the Llanerchymedd-Gaerwen portion as a railway. The General Secretary of ACR(2006) Ltd noted in early 2008 that until a lease is agreed, ACR(2006) Ltd cannot conduct any work on the line. Network Rail's business plans from 2005 to 2007 made reference to proposals for the sale or lease of the line, but the 2008 business plan made no such reference, simply showing the line as non-operational.
Change of direction.
Local council elections were held in May 2008, resulting in a change of leadership at Anglesey County Council. The County Council's Economic Development Representative expressed his desire to see the railway line reopened at a meeting of Llangefni Town Council in November 2008, an opinion echoed by a number of the town councillors. 80% of correspondence to the Holyhead and Anglesey Mail on the topic during 2008 was in support of the railway proposal.
2009 status.
The line remains property of Network Rail, with Anglesey County Council a statutory consultee on the future use of the route. The track is in a poor state of repair, with gorse bushes and small saplings growing between the tracks in some locations. Network Rail officially designated the branch "out of use" for operational purposes in January 2009, after consultation with English, Welsh & Scottish Railway, who favoured its restoration to a working railway with the opportunity for freight traffic.
Sustrans announced renewed plans for a cycle route along of the line (the majority of its length) on 5 March 2009, along with a belief that the route can be used for both a cycle path and heritage railway. Planning applications are to be developed in cooperation with ACR Ltd, Anglesey County Council and Network Rail.
Reopening.
In 2009 the Welsh Assembly Government asked Network Rail to conduct feasibility studies on two former track stretches in Wales, one of those being the line from Bangor to Llangefni. Councillor Clive McGregor was optimistic this could provide an economic stimulus for Anglesey, along with further proposals to extend passenger traffic between Llangefni and Amlwch. In 2011 Network Rail began work on gathering evidence for its study, beginning with cutting away vegetation on track sections to examine the condition of rails and track bedding. Its report was expected to be published in 2012, before any business cases to reopen the lines could be developed.
The study, which started in January 2011, began by assessing the condition of the line between Gaerwen and Llangefni. The track, bridges, associated earthworks, and the station at Llangefni were examined by engineers in order to decide whether they are still fit for purpose, or will need to be updated. With the alignment having succumbed to heavy encroachment from vegetation, an environmental report will have to be drawn up to decrease the potential damage that could be caused to wildlife. Mike Gallop, coordinating the project on behalf of Network Rail, warned that bringing back trains to the line would be "tough".
The remainder of the line, between Llangefni and Amlwch, looks set to be preserved as a heritage railway, with Network Rail giving license to Anglesey Central Railway Limited to begin clearing the overgrown line north of Llangefni. ACR started to clear vegetation from the line in Llangefni before Christmas 2012. ACR Limited's support group Lein Amlwch have also opened a small shop, cafe and heritage centre in Llanerchymedd's station building which will be open during the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="9862802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862802" title="Layered hidden Markov model">
Layered hidden Markov model

The layered hidden Markov model (LHMM) is a statistical model derived from the hidden Markov model (HMM). 
A layered hidden Markov model (LHMM) consists of "N" levels of HMMs, where the HMMs on level "i" + 1 correspond to observation symbols or probability generators at level "i".
Every level "i" of the LHMM consists of "K""i" HMMs running in parallel.
Background.
LHMMs are sometimes useful in specific structures because they can facilitate learning and generalization. For example, even though a fully connected HMM could always be used if enough training data were available, it is often useful to constrain the model by not allowing arbitrary state transitions. In the same way it can be beneficial to embed the HMM in a layered structure which, theoretically, may not be able to solve any problems the basic HMM cannot, but can solve some problems more efficiently because less training data is needed.
The layered hidden Markov model.
A layered hidden Markov model (LHMM) consists of formula_1 levels of HMMs where the HMMs on level formula_2 corresponds to observation symbols or probability generators at level formula_1.
Every level formula_4 of the LHMM consists of formula_5 HMMs running in parallel.
At any given level formula_6 in the LHMM a sequence of formula_7 observation symbols 
formula_8 can be used to classify the input into one of formula_9 classes, where each class corresponds to each of the formula_9 HMMs at level formula_6. This classification can then be used to generate a new observation for the level formula_12 HMMs. At the lowest layer, i.e. level formula_1, primitive observation symbols formula_14 would be generated directly from observations of the modeled process. For example in a trajectory tracking task the primitive observation symbols would originate from the quantized sensor values. Thus at each layer in the LHMM the observations originate from the classification of the underlying layer, except for the lowest layer where the observation symbols originate from measurements of the observed process.
It is not necessary to run all levels at the same time granularity. For example it is possible to use windowing at any level in the structure so that the classification takes the average of several classifications into consideration before passing the results up the layers of the LHMM.
Instead of simply using the winning HMM at level formula_15 as an input symbol for the HMM at level formula_6 it is possible to use it as a probability generator by passing the complete probability distribution up the layers of the LHMM. Thus instead of having a "winner takes all" strategy where the most probable HMM is selected as an observation symbol, the likelihood formula_17 of observing the formula_4th HMM can be used in the recursion formula of the level formula_6 HMM to account for the uncertainty in the classification of the HMMs at level formula_15. Thus, if the classification of the HMMs at level formula_21 is uncertain, it is possible to pay more attention to the a-priori information encoded in the HMM at level formula_6.
A LHMM could in practice be transformed into a single layered HMM where all the different models are concatenated together. Some of the advantages that may be expected from using the LHMM over a large single layer HMM is that the LHMM is less likely to suffer from overfitting since the individual sub-components are trained independently on smaller amounts of data. A consequence of this is that a significantly smaller amount of training data is required for the LHMM to achieve a performance comparable of the HMM. Another advantage is that the layers at the bottom of the LHMM, which are more sensitive to changes in the environment such as the type of sensors, sampling rate etc. can be retrained separately without altering the higher layers of the LHMM.

</doc>
<doc id="9862806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862806" title="Old Herzegovina">
Old Herzegovina

Old Herzegovina is a historical region in Montenegro, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Republika Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina (part of East Herzegovina: Foča, Kalinovik, Goražde), and Serbia (Prijepolje). The name comes from the medieval Great Herzog of St. Sava, established by Grand Duke Stefan Vukčić Kosača, within the Kingdom of Bosnia. The largest city in this region is Nikšić, and the second-largest is Herceg Novi.
Until the Congress of Berlin in 1878 the Old Hercegovina was part of Bosnian Pashalik (in Ottoman Empire), but since then merged into Principality of Montenegro (most part) and other enumerated countries. Relief in the First Balkan War and the Treaty of Peace (London, 30 May 1913) as an inseparable part of Old Herzegovina, Pljevlja included in the composed on the Kingdom of Montenegro. 

</doc>
<doc id="9862835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862835" title="Stavri Pone">
Stavri Pone

Stavri Pone (born 1942) is an Albanian writer, mostly known as a children's writer.
Biography.
He was born in Albania, Fier, where he finished high school and continued his education in the University of Tirana, majoring in the English Language. He has worked as a high school teacher, a literature theory researcher, editor of books for children and a scriptwriter. He has also translated several books from English. His main vocation has been fiction for children. His books in this genre include: "Aventurat e Kokëkashtës (Strawhead’s Adventures)" and "Kokëkashta në Ishullin e Gurtë (Strawhead in the Stony Island)", for which he was awarded the "Silver Quill 2003", the novel "Aventurat e Qerosit dhe Eramlit (The Adventures of Baldpate and Eramli)", and several collections of stories, fairy-tales, and screenplays for animated films. With the fall of the Communist dictatorship Pone has mostly been engaged mostly in translation, but has also written two novels: "Nuk Ishte Vetëm Ëndërr, (It Wasn’t Merely a Dream, 1995)" and "Lotët e Trëndafilit (Rose’s Tears, 2005, 2006)".
Works.
"Nuk Ishte Vetëm Ëndërr" (It Wasn’t Merely a Dream) deals with a series of events involving some high-school students during the dictatorship era by providing, through a pleasing narration, interesting pictures of real life by stressing the lack of liberties among people, especially the young.
"Lotët e Trëndafilit" (Rose’s Tears) develops the same theme, but much more broadly and deeply. It opens with two significant quotations, one from Sigmund Freud, "The liberty of the individual is no gift of civilization. It was greatest before there was any civilization", and one by Hannah Arendt, "Love, by its very nature, is unworldly, and it is for this reason rather than its rarity that it is not only apolitical but antipolitical, perhaps the most powerful of all antipolitical human forces."
The novel encompasses a large-scale panorama, centering on the oppression of free thinking and involves wicked and conspiratorial plots against a young intellectual which results in his arrest and conviction to 12 years’ imprisonment for what he writes in secrecy against the dictatorship. Under some extraordinary circumstances he commits a crime by killing an inmate, and after having been squeezed severely under tons of massive mineral chops in the underground gallery where he works like a slave, he goes insane, with moments of clarity and turbulence, and when he is clear, he shows a keen sense of realism and a high potential for in-depth analysis. In prison and after the release from it, he continues to write essays of a liberal democratic spirit.
Literary themes.
Love theme takes an important place, too, which the author depicts with fine and lyrical brushes by rendering the novel a touch of romance and beauty, employing felicitous expressions and imagery, stressing the stream of consciousness and carving a statue of love with masterful chiseling in its diverse comprehensiveness – emotional, physical and dramatic. This line includes a number of the protagonist’s love stories, but the sole and the greatest love of his whole life is that for a confinement-sentenced young girl, which ends tragically.
Being a multidimensional work, the novel includes a whole array of characters, relationships, conflicts and encounters which have been given through non-chronological lines. The style of writing is graceful, figurative, at times poetic, at times philosophical, and at times contemplative while featuring a sincere confession of the protagonist and thereby catching hold of the reader’s interest up to the end. From start to end the novel is a colorful mosaic with film-like depictions and scenes, all of which breathtakingly portrayed, a work wholly dedicated to the dignity and the rights of the individual, freedom and love, which are trampled upon in a dictatorship.
Other works include the novels: Good Morning, Dear (2006); Bora (2007); The Enemy of the State (2008); The Color of Passion (2009); Miramare Hotel (2009); Beyond the Dream (2010); Star in the Horizon (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="9862836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862836" title="Sylvester Gilbert">
Sylvester Gilbert

Sylvester Gilbert (October 20, 1755 – January 2, 1846) was a United States Representative from Connecticut. He was born in Hebron, Connecticut. He pursued classical studies and was graduated from Dartmouth College in 1775. Later, he studied law, was admitted to the bar in November 1777, and commenced practice in Hebron.
Gilbert was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives 1780–1812. He was also the Connecticut attorney for Tolland County, Connecticut 1786–1807. He was the chief judge of the county court and judge of the probate court 1807–1818 and a principal of a law school 1810–1818. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate in 1815 and 1816 and was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Fifteenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Uriel Holmes and served from November 16, 1818, to March 3, 1819.
After leaving Congress, he resumed the practice of law in Hebron. Gilbert was again judge of the county court 1820–1825 and a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1826. He died in Hebron, Connecticut in 1846 and was buried in Old Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9862839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862839" title="Xeni Gwet'in">
Xeni Gwet'in

The Xeni Gwet'in, also known as the Stone Chilcotin, are a First Nations people whose traditional territory is located in the southern Chilcotin District of the Canadian province of British Columbia, on the inland flank of the Coast Mountains west of the Fraser River. They are a subgroup of the Tshilhqot'in people and are also known as the Stoney Chilcotin, and reside in the area of Nemaia Valley, an unincorporated settlement and Indian Reserve community far off Highway 20 between Chilko and Taseko Lakes.
The real name of the most famous member of the Xeni Gwet'in is not known - Klatassine or Klatsassan, the name used to describe the leader of the Chilcotin War of 1864, means "we don't know who he was". 
Their band government is called the Xeni Gwet'in First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="9862858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862858" title="Super Duck">
Super Duck

Super Duck was a comic book character created in 1943 for what was then MLJ Comics (now Archie Comics) by staff artist Al Fagaly (1909–1963).
His first appearance came in "Jolly Jingles" #10 (Summer, 1943). As his name implied, Super Duck (nicknamed "Supe") was a parody of Superman, even down to a red and blue costume. He got his powers from a prescription for vitamins, much in the manner of Hourman, the Blue Beetle and others. He soon switched to a green and red suit, presumably to avoid legal action, but his time as a superhero was short, and by "Jolly Jingles" #16 (the last issue) his stories became more conventional, in the Carl Barks mode. By this time (late 1944) he had gotten his own book, fully titled "Super Duck, the Cockeyed Wonder" and his most familiar attire: a black shirt, red lederhosen and often an Alpine hat.
Supe now had a temperamental girlfriend Uwanna, a rival Dapper, a bratty nephew Fauntleroy (sometimes called Fluke or Faunt, sometimes identified as his younger brother), and a burly derelict friend named Mushnoggin.
Stories from this period of Super Duck's run involved Supe getting into hapless situations, such as:
The Super Duck comic book ended its run at 94 issues in 1960. His escapades would be reprinted in Archie Comics' digest series, "Jughead Jones" (at least as late as 1979), "Laugh" and "Madhouse".
Robert Crumb wrote and drew a sexual version of Super Duck and Uwanna in a 7-page story in Mystic Funnies #3, published in 2002 by Fantagraphics Books.

</doc>
<doc id="9862865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862865" title="Brabantse Pijl">
Brabantse Pijl

The Brabantse Pijl (English: "Brabant Arrow", French: "Flèche Brabançonne" or "Flèche Branconne") is a Flanders Classics road bicycle race held annually in Flemish Brabant and in Walloon Brabant, Belgium. Since 2005, the race has been organised as a 1.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour. In 2011, it was upgraded to a 1.HC event. Edwig Van Hooydonck holds the record for most wins in the race with four between 1987 and 1995. In recent years, Zaventem was the city of start, in 2008 however, Leuven became the place of start. In 2010 the fixed date of the Brabantse Pijl shifted from the Sunday before the Ronde van Vlaanderen to the Wednesday before the Amstel Gold Race. Until 2009 the finish was located in Alsemberg, in 2010 it shifted to Overijse.

</doc>
<doc id="9862901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862901" title="List of extreme temperatures in Canada">
List of extreme temperatures in Canada

In various locations in Canada, extreme temperatures are often recorded. Here is a list of 15 extreme hot and cold temperature recorded in Canada for the past 120 years, not necessarily the hottest or coldest 15 but some are shown for selected cities or regions, i.e. Toronto. These are officially recognized extreme temperatures by Environment Canada.
Coldest Temperature Readings.
The Coldest place in Canada based on average yearly temperature is Eureka, Nunavut, where the temperature averages at -19.7C (-3.5F) for the year. However, the coldest temperature ever recorded in Canada was -63 °C (-81.4 F) in Snag, Yukon.

</doc>
<doc id="9862903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862903" title="1868 in Ireland">
1868 in Ireland

Events from the year 1868 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9862911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862911" title="Sicklesmere">
Sicklesmere

Sicklesmere is a village in Suffolk, England. Located on the A134 around a mile south of Bury St Edmunds, the village is divided between the civil parishes of Little and Great Whelnetham.
History.
Recorded in 1272 as "Sykolvesmere", that is, Sigolfr's mere (W. Rye, "A Calendar of the Feet of Fines for Suffolk", 1900), the village is named after a mere or lake that used to be present near the River Lark. In truth it is no more than a small cluster of properties besides the River Lark. Many of these are flint built cottages. 
A circular shaped building known as the Toll House is located on the main road. In the days of coach travel there was a regular service between Norwich and London via Sudbury which ran four times a day through Sicklesmere. The village was also previously served by Welnetham railway station until the Beeching Axe.

</doc>
<doc id="9862956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862956" title="Gadjo (non-Romani)">
Gadjo (non-Romani)

In Romani culture, a gadjo (feminine: gadji) is a person who has no Romanipen. This usually corresponds to not being an ethnic Romani, but it can also be an ethnic Romani who does not live within Romani culture. 
It is used by Romanies to address or denote outsiderneighbors living within or very near their community.
Romanies of Western Europe and the Americas often interpret gadjos as "impure" because they consider that only those following Romani Code are "pure".
Etymology.
The exact origin of the word is not known. One theory considers that the word comes from the proto-Romani word for "peasant" and has the same root as the Romani word "gav" (a village). Romani ancestors were nomadic musicians and craftspeople; they did not live in villages. 
In the Latin world, the derived "gachó" and "gachí", after passing through Caló, have come to mean "man, lover" and "woman, girl".
Derivatives.
The slang word 'Gadgie', widely used in Ulster, Scotland and North East England, is another form of the original Romani word. It has taken on the reverse meaning in that it refers to someone from the 'gypsy' or Romany community. This may have come about because of people hearing the original usage and associating the word with those who used it. By extension the word has taken on a derogatory meaning similar to Chav or Ned.
'Gadjo' is also used as a slang word in France, notably in the south where it carries the same meaning as 'Gadgie'
The Bulgarian word "гадже" (pronounced "GA-djeh"), neuter gender, means 'boyfriend' or 'girlfriend' and is the most widely used word with this meaning.
Romanian nouns "gagic" and "gagică" mean "boyfriend" and "girlfriend", but they may also mean "guy" and "girl".

</doc>
<doc id="9862997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9862997" title="Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke

The men's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics programme. It was the second appearance of the event, which had been introduced in 1908. Germany swept the medals in the event. The competition was held from Sunday July 7, 1912 to Friday July 12, 1912.
Twenty-four swimmers from eleven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1912 Summer Olympics.
The Germans also took the Olympic record, with Lützow breaking it in the first heat and Bathe then proceeding to set it even higher each of the three times he raced. His gold medal winning time in the final, 3:01.8, stood as the Olympic record at the end.
Results.
Quarterfinals.
The top two in each heat advanced along with the fastest loser overall. 
Quarterfinal 1
Quarterfinal 2
Quarterfinal 3
Quarterfinal 4
Quarterfinal 5
Quarterfinal 6
Semifinals.
The top two from each heat and the faster of the two third place swimmers advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2

</doc>
<doc id="9863008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863008" title="Sperm (disambiguation)">
Sperm (disambiguation)

Sperm commonly refers to:
Sperm may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9863009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863009" title="William Larrabee (Iowa)">
William Larrabee (Iowa)

William Larrabee (January 20, 1832 - November 16, 1912) was a Republican politician from Iowa. He served as the 13th Governor of Iowa from 1886 until 1890.
Early life.
Larrabee was born in Ledyard, Connecticut, into a family of French Huguenot extraction. His father, Adam Larrabee (1787–1869), was a West Point graduate and an accomplished soldier, who served with distinction in the War of 1812. His mother was Hannah (née Lester).
Larrabee was the seventh of nine children, and grew up on his father's Connecticut farm. He was educated in local schools until the age of 19. At around age 15 Larrabee lost the eyesight in his right eye after a gun he was holding accidentally discharged. As a result, he was unfit for many careers available to young men of his class in New England. Larrabee chose to become a teacher. In 1853, at age 21, he moved to Iowa following an older sister in search of opportunity.
In Iowa, Larrabee taught school for a few years, but soon after his arrival established himself as a successful miller, banker, and farmer in Clermont. He attempted to enlist at the outbreak of the Civil War, but was rejected on account of his disability. Larrabee prospered in business and eventually became of one of the biggest landowners in the state.
Political career.
Larrabee entered politics in 1867, having bypassed local politics. He was elected to the Iowa Senate as a Republican, after helping organize the newly created party in Iowa. Larrabee was reelected many times, sometimes without even nominal Democratic opposition. While a legislator, Larrabee served on several committees, and eventually came to chair the influential Ways and Means committee.
He was elected as Governor in 1885 succeeding Buren R. Sherman, and served two two-year terms, from January 14, 1886 until February 27, 1890.
The byline of his first campaign was "a schoolhouse on every hill and no saloons in the valley." In the general election he faced Democrat Charles Whiting, who attempted to portray Larrabee as an unredeemed capitalist and owners of many locals' debts. The election was relatively close, but Larrabee won with 175,504 votes to Whiting's 168,502.
After serving two terms as governor, Larrabee retired to Montauk, his family mansion in Clermont (Which still stands today in Clermont, Iowa). He served in several minor public roles after retiring. At the end of his life he supported Theodore Roosevelt and the Bull Moose faction of the Republican party.
Personal life.
Larrabee married Anna Matilda Appleman on September 12, 1861. The Larrabees had seven children: Charles, Augusta, Julia, Anna, William Jr., Frederic and Helen. Julia married Don Lathrop Love, future Republican mayor of Lincoln, Nebraska.
Larrabee had a large library and was fond of reading. He also experimented with fruit growing and liked to travel, at one point spending several months in Europe and Palestine in 1873.
Larrabee was a Methodist.
Larrabee died on November 16, 1912, and was buried at God's Acre Cemetery in Clermont alongside his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="9863026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863026" title="N-terminal telopeptide">
N-terminal telopeptide

In bone physiology, the N-terminal telopeptide (or more formally, amino-terminal collagen crosslinks, and known by the acronym NTX) is a biomarker used to measure the rate of bone turnover. NTX can be measured in the urine or serum.
Usefulness of NTX as a biomarker.
Evaluating an individual's rate of bone turnover, termed bone remodeling, directly may be important in assessing his or her potential nonsurgical treatment response as well as evaluating his or her risk of developing complications during healing following surgical intervention. To determine an individual's rate of bone turnover, numerous biomarkers are available in the body fluids that can be correlated to this rate, and one such biomarker is NTX.
However, while NTX does fluctuate in a very sensitive manner in line with bone resorption patterns, they are not very specific, in that they may vary spontaneously without physiologic intervention. For example, NTX levels may drop by 50% from day to day with no treatment, thus, making NTX levels unconvincing evidence of treatment effect.
Conversely, the serum CTX biomarker, described in 2000 by Rosen, appears to be a much more effective and valuable indicator of bone resorption rate.

</doc>
<doc id="9863030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863030" title="Alabama State Route 195">
Alabama State Route 195

State Route 195 is a highway running mainly in a north and south direction through two counties, Winston and Walker in the U.S. state of Alabama.
Route description.
The southern terminus of SR-195 is located at its intersection with SR-5 in Jasper. From this point the route travels in a north-northwest direction in intersecting SR-257 an traversing the William B. Bankhead National Forest in route to Double Springs. In Double Springs, SR-195 has a concurrency with U.S. Highway 278 prior to resuming its northerly route. The route continues in its northwesterly route through its intersection with SR-243 where it turns to the southwest in route to its northern terminus at SR-13 in Haleyville.

</doc>
<doc id="9863036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863036" title="Shape (Go)">
Shape (Go)

In the game of Go, shape describes the positional qualities of a group of stones. Descriptions of shapes in go revolve around how well a group creates or removes life and territory. "Good shape" can refer to the efficient use of stones in outlining territory, the strength of a group in a prospective fight, or making eye shapes so that a group may live. "Bad shapes" are inefficient in outlining territory and are heavy. Heavy groups cannot easily make eye shapes and are therefore good targets for attack. Understanding and recognizing the difference between good shape and bad is an essential step in becoming a stronger player.
Shape is not a rule; the surrounding position must always be taken into account. While it is useful for beginners to learn the common good and bad shapes presented here, sometimes a usually bad shape can be the best shape to play locally. This can be true if it forces the opponent to create an equally bad or worse shape, or if it accomplishes a specific tactical goal, such as the creation of eye-shape or the capture of an opponent's group.
"To make shape is to take a weak or defective position...and transform it into a strong one. Sometimes this can be done just by putting one stone down in the right place, but usually it takes sacrifice tactics..." 

</doc>
<doc id="9863077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863077" title="Spacecraft Fabrication Facility (Goddard)">
Spacecraft Fabrication Facility (Goddard)

The Spacecraft Fabrication Facility is a unit at the Goddard Space Flight Center where technicians and engineers manufacture components used for spacecraft assembly. This includes the tools which the astronauts use in space as well as the spacecraft themselves.
Branches.
The Mission Engineering and Systems Analysis Branch is broken up in to seven smaller branches:

</doc>
<doc id="9863112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863112" title="Flowers Are Red">
Flowers Are Red

Flowers Are Red is a song written and sung by Harry Chapin. The song was released on his 1978 album "Living Room Suite".
Story.
The song tells the story of a little boy who on the first day of school started drawing pictures of flowers using many different colors. The teacher tells him that he's coloring the flowers all wrong and that he should paint them red and green, "the way they always have been seen." The boy disagrees and continues to color them from his imagination until the teacher punishes him by standing him in a corner. Finally, the little boy gives in and tells the teacher that "flowers are red, and green leaves are green." When he goes to a different school, he continues mechanically painting flowers red and green, to the dismay of his new, kind teacher.
In the live concert versions, Chapin extended the song's ending to: "There still must be a way to have our children say..." before featuring the little boy's chorus again and bringing the song to a better conclusion. A version of this is featured on his album "Legends of the Lost and Found".
Origin.
The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day. The teacher had written a note in the card saying: "Your son is marching to the beat of a different drummer, but don't worry we will soon have him joining the parade by the end of the term." The quote was often used as an introduction to the song during live performances, with the comma after "drummer" being pronounced as a word because of the educational theme.

</doc>
<doc id="9863128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863128" title="List of Japanese flags">
List of Japanese flags

This is a list of Japanese flags, past and present. Historically, each daimyo had its own flag. "(See sashimono and uma-jirushi.)"
Prefectural flags.
Each modern prefecture has a unique flag, most often a bicolour geometric highly stylised design ("mon"), often incorporating the letters of Japanese writing system. A distinct feature of these flags is that they use a palette of colours not usually found in flags, including orange, purple, aquamarine and brown.
Some prefectures also have alternative official flags called . They may be used on less formal occasions. Famous symbol flags include the one used in Tokyo.
Municipal flags.
Most municipalities have unique flags. Like prefectural flags, most of them are with a bicolor geometric highly stylized symbol, often incorporating Japanese characters.

</doc>
<doc id="9863143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863143" title="Sandpiper 565">
Sandpiper 565

The Sandpiper 565 is a sailing sloop with four berth accommodation. She is one of the popular compact cruisers in eastern Canada and in the Great Lakes region.
Designed by Leonardo da Costa Sayago, Portuguese Naval Architect, this English Channel craft was first manufactured by Maxim Marine Ltd., Warsash, Southampton, England and later was built under licence by C&L Boatworks, at the time located in Pickering, Ontario, Canada. In the 1970s Maxim Marine built two similar-styled small cruisers, the Sailfish 18 and 25.
The English "Sailfish" shares many characteristics with the Sandpiper 565.
Specifications.
L.O.A.: 18' 6" (5.65 m)
L.W.L.: 15' 0" (5.57 m)
Beam: 7' 1" (2.16 m)
Draft: 10" to 2' 10" (.85 m)
Displacement: 1200 lbs. (544 kg.)
Ballast: 300 lbs.
Sail Area: 167 sq. ft. (15.52 m²)
Sailing Characteristics.
Due to her short waterline and wide beam, the Sandpiper is not a really fast boat but she shows good pointing ability. A little tender at first, she rapidly becomes stiffer as the 300 lb. retractable keel begins to do its job.
This boat is very easy to beach and trailer.

</doc>
<doc id="9863172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863172" title="String Quartet No. 14 (Dvořák)">
String Quartet No. 14 (Dvořák)

The String Quartet No. 14 in A-flat major, op. 105, B. 193, was the last string quartet completed by Antonín Dvořák, even though it was published before his Thirteenth Quartet (which appeared with the higher opus number 106). Dvořák finished his Fourteenth Quartet in 1895, when he had returned to Bohemia after his visit to America. The gestation of the Quartet had actually begun in America and lasted six months, which was rather protracted for the composer. This Quartet marked an important point in Dvořák's development because he would devote himself almost exclusively to writing explicit program music, namely symphonic poems and operas, afterwards.
The Quartet premiered on October 20, 1896.
Structure.
Lasting just under 40 minutes, the four movements contain the following notable features:

</doc>
<doc id="9863191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863191" title="Pig roast">
Pig roast

A pig roast or hog roast is an event or gathering which involves the barbecuing of a whole hog (the castrated male pig or boar, bred for consumption at about 12 months old). Pig roasts in the mainland American Deep South are often referred to as a pig pickin', although roasts are also a common occurrence in Cuba as well as the non-mainland US state of Hawaii (a luau), with roasts being done in the mainland states by descendants of other areas.
Traditions.
The tradition of the pig roast goes back centuries, and possibly longer. There are many ways to roast pork, including open fire rotisserie style roasting, and "caja china" style box grilling. Many families traditionally have a pig roast for Thanksgiving or Christmas. In Miami and other areas with large Cuban, Puerto Rican, Honduran or other Caribbean populations pig roasts are often held on Christmas Eve by families and friends whereas families from Hawaii often hold a roast on memorial day.
Pig roast ("lechon asado") is a part of Puerto Rico's national dish and is usually served with "arroz con gandules". In Puerto Rico, pig roasts occur year round, but happen in greater frequency as part of New Year's Eve celebrations and especially Christmas.
In the Philippines, the roasted pig is referred to as "lechon baboy". It is traditionally prepared for Christmas celebrations, but is also commonplace at birthday parties, weddings, Debuts, and family reunions.
In Indonesia pig roast is called "babi guling", "babi panggang" or "babi bakar" and it is rarely found since Indonesia is a muslim majority country, except in non-muslim majority provinces, such as Hindu Bali and Christian Batak lands in North Sumatra, Minahasa people of North Sulawesi, Toraja in South Sulawesi, Papua, and also among Chinese Indonesians. In Bali babi guling usually served with lawar and steamed rice, it is popular dish in Balinese restaurant and warungs. In Batak people tradition, babi guling is a prerequisite in wedding offering for the bride family. In Papua, pigs and yams is roasted in heated stones filled in the hole dug on the ground and covered with leaves, this cooking method is called "bakar batu" (burning the stone), and it is an important cultural and social event among Papuan people.
In various Chinese communities (especially in Southern China), a pig roast known as siu yuk is purchased for the sake of special family affairs, business openings, or as a ritualistic spiritual offering. For example, a tradition is to offer one or several whole roast pigs to the Jade Emperor to celebrate a Chinese film's opening with a roast pig; the pig is sacrificed to ward off evils in return to pray for the film's success. One garnish used to make the dish look more appealing is a circular slice of pineapple and cherry and is often placed in a red box for luck.
In the UK, the tradition of pig roasting, which is more commonly known in the UK as a Hog Roast, is fundamental to many occasions, particularly parties and celebrations. It is usually an outdoor event, and a staple meal on many show events. The tradition is either to roast on a spit, turning the pig under a flame, or in a large oven in a roasting pan, roasting pigs over 200 lbs in weight is common in the UK. The pig is roasted usually in cider and bay leaves, with salt rubbed in to the scored skin to make the 'crackling'.
In Spain the locals call this a suckling pig or a "lechon asado". Hog Roast are becoming more popular across Spain and more so in Southern Spain due to the ex-pat community .
Cooking.
A hog/pig, often around 80-120 pounds dressed weight, is split in half and spread onto a large charcoal or propane grill. The style of grills used are as varied as the methods of producing them, some being homemade while others are custom made.
In a Hawaii-style pig roast, a large pit is typically dug into the ground and lined with banana leaves, as lava rocks are heated over an open flame until they are very hot. The heated rocks are placed into the pit, and a seasoned pig is placed inside and covered with additional banana leaves, which serve as insulation and for flavor.
In an American Cuban-style pig roast, the "caja china" is the most commercially popular method by which to roast a whole pig. In its more traditional form, a roasting box is commonly fashioned above ground out of concrete blocks and steel mesh. Another popular method is to use a pig roasting box, the oldest and best known brand of which is "La Caja China." The cooking process is communal and usually done by men; the host is helped by friends or family. It usually takes four to eight hours to cook the pig completely; the pig is often started "meat-side" down, and then is flipped one time once the hog has stopped dripping rendered fat. When the cooking is complete, the meat should ideally be tender to the point of falling off of the bone. The meat is then either chopped or pulled or is picked off the roasted pig by the guests.
In the Philippines, the pig is typically stuffed with spices, placed on a bamboo spit, and roasted over hot coals.
In Puerto Rico, pig roast is prepared in "adobo mojado" (wet seasoning), it contains crushed garlic, black pepper, salt, orégano brujo, olive oil, and wine vinegar.

</doc>
<doc id="9863204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863204" title="Sebastian Knüpfer">
Sebastian Knüpfer

Sebastian Knüpfer (6 September 1633 – 10 October 1676) was a German composer. He was the cantor of the Thomanerchor in Leipzig from 1657 to 1676, and director of the city’s music.
Life.
Most of the biographical information about Knüpfer comes from a published obituary. He was born in Asch now Aš, Czech Republic), and was first taught music by his father, a Kantor and organist. He also studied regularly with an unidentified tutor living near Asch, from whom he gained a solid grounding in, and lasting love for, a number of scholastic disciplines. At the age of 13 he entered the Gymnasium Poeticum at Regensburg and remained there for eight years. During this unusually long period he became well versed in the city's musical traditions (such as the works of Andreas Raselius), studied the organ, perhaps with Augustin Gradenthaler, and mastered a number of humanistic subjects, especially the poetic arts and philology. His gifts as a student were supported by scholarships from the city of Regensburg, and he was commended by influential members of the staff of the Gymnasium and the city council, some of the latter providing him with favourable testimonials when he moved to Leipzig in 1654. It is not known why he went there, but in view of his lifelong desire to improve his mind, it was possibly because he planned to enter the university. He did not, however, do so.
During his first few years in Leipzig, Knüpfer gave music lessons and sang as a bass in church choirs, displaying enough talent to take solo parts. He applied for the post of Thomaskantor when Tobias Michael died on 26 June 1657, and he was appointed on 17 July; the four other candidates to whom he was preferred included Adam Krieger. In Knüpfer the Thomaskirche found a "Kantor" and the city of Leipzig a director of music who came close to the musical and intellectual calibre of Sethus Calvisius and Johann Hermann Schein, his two predecessors. During his 19-year tenure Leipzig once again became the leading musical city in central Germany following the sharp decline resulting from the Thirty Years War, the long Swedish occupation of the city and his protracted illness. Knüpfer thus initiated a final period of musical excellence in Leipzig that culminated in the careers of his three successors, Johann Schelle, Johann Kuhnau and Johann Sebastian Bach. Although never a student at the university, he continued the study of philosophy and philology with members of the faculty and was thought of as a member of the academic community. He was praised for his command of classical sources concerning music, which he mastered from Meibom’s editions published in 1652; he studied the treatises of, among others, Guido of Arezzo, Boethius, Berno of Reichenau and Athanasius Kircher. In addition to his productive career as "Kantor" he is known to have travelled to Halle to direct his own music for the dedication of new organs, for the Marktkirche on 15 February 1664 and the Ulrichskirche on 16 November 1675; also he directed a programme of music for the centenary of the Halle Gymnasium on 17 August 1665. His circle of musical colleagues included many men important in 17th-century German music, such as Johann Christoph Pezel, Johann Rosenmüller and Johann Kaspar Horn, and he may well have known Heinrich Schütz. He died in Leipzig, Germany. That he was regarded as one of Leipzig’s leading intellectual figures is indicated by the unusual honour of his being accorded an academic funeral at the university even though he had never been officially connected with it.
Works.
Knüpfer’s output consisted almost entirely of sacred works to Latin or German texts. Many are lost, and of those that survive few have been published in modern editions. Most are in the traditional style and form of the 17th-century vocal concerto, incorporating many of the characteristics of similar works by Heinrich Schütz - though with no traces of the latter's uniquely personal style. Large choral forms are enhanced by an orchestra of substantial size (most commonly two violins, three violas, bassoon with continuo, clarinos, trombone and timpani), which supports the choral parts as well as interjecting all manner of colourful concerted effects. The choral writing may be massively chordal or intricately polyphonic, and there are a number of much simpler concerted passages for soloists supported only by the continuo. Knüpfer frequently based his German works on the text and melody of a chorale, and he was a master at deriving contrapuntal ideas from motivic fragmentation of the chorale. In many of these works the chorale verses are treated much as they are in slightly later German cantatas in which each verse is set separately. An opening choral movement, usually of large proportions and often repeated at the end of the work, is succeeded by movements designed for soloists. These are often ariosos or include fugal writing in which the chorale melody is passed back and forth between the voices in a duet or trio texture - a technique akin to that found in Bach’s organ chorale preludes. Other movements display dramatic use of expressive recitative: there is a good example in "Wer ist, der so von Edom kِommt" (excerpt in Schering, 1926, p. 162).
Knüpfer’s music is primarily serious and profoundly devout, though he did publish a collection of the secular madrigals and canzonettas (1663) that he wrote for the university student with whom he worked in the "collegium musicum" at Leipzig. His contrapuntal mastery, the powerful drama of his thematic ideas, his brilliant instrumentation and the variety of his vocal scoring all contribute to the impression of him as a worthy predecessor of Bach, many of whose Leipzig church cantatas belong to a tradition first developed by Knüpfer.

</doc>
<doc id="9863212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863212" title="Barry McElduff">
Barry McElduff

Barry McElduff (Irish: "Barra Mac Giolla Duibh", born 16 August 1966) is an Irish politician.
Born in County Tyrone, and from Aghagogan townland, McElduff attended the Christian Brothers Grammar School in Omagh before attending Queen's University Belfast and becoming an Irish republican activist for Sinn Féin. 
At the 1992 general election, he unsuccessfully contested Mid Ulster. He was elected to the Northern Ireland Forum for the West Tyrone constituency in 1996, and has since held this seat on the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Barry has chaired the Culture, Arts and Leisure Committee of the Assembly and has served previously on other committees, including Office of the First Minister and deputy First Minister, Education and Employment and Learning.
Barry has a strong interest in Gaelic games and the Irish language, as well as being an advocate for increased use of townland names in Northern Ireland.
In 2000, McElduff was elected to Omagh District Council.
Barry McElduff visited Scotland to learn more about potential Scottish independence. In reference to the trip, he said, "I travelled to Edinburgh with the outlook that it is a matter for the people of Scotland to decide their own future. I returned with a different outlook in that Scotland as with Northern Ireland should remain within the UK where it is much better off socially, economically and morally so I feel a good deal more educated on the dilemma facing the Scottish people at this historical juncture in their development as a nation."

</doc>
<doc id="9863215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863215" title="The Male Choir of St. Petersburg">
The Male Choir of St. Petersburg

The Male Choir of St Petersburg is a Russian choir that moved to the City of St Petersburg in the 18th century from Moscow. the end of the 19th Century the choir numbered 90. 40 adults and 50 boys (women were not admitted). Private study using the best Italian methods and the utilization of only the best voices helped them perfect their tone. Of the 22 basses, 7 were Bassi Profundi 
(Notably Vladimir Pasyoukov and Vladimir Miller) capable of reaching bottom G easily.
Discography.
The Male Choir Of St. Petersburg (album) - Vadim Afanasiev (EMI Classics) [http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00000IWWB]

</doc>
<doc id="9863219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863219" title="Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society">
Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society

The Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society (F&DRS) was a heritage railway society in the English county of Norfolk. For a short period of time it operated County School railway station as the Wensum Valley Railway. The F&DRS later became the Mid-Norfolk Railway Preservation Trust, owners and operators of the Mid-Norfolk Railway.
History.
In 1983, after a 1980 attempt to preserve the Ryburgh to Fakenham section of the Wymondham to Wells branch, the Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society leased Hardingham station and opened a small heritage centre. Track was laid in the former goods yard and a Ruston 0-4-0 diesel locomotive was delivered to the site. Income failed to cover the rent and rates, and the Society was forced to move out when the site was auctioned in 1986 - moving to a temporary location at Yaxham station. 
In 1987 the station at County School was purchased by Breckland District Council, and the F&DRS were granted a 999 year lease, invited to lay track and relocate to the site. The intention was to relay track to meet up with the British Rail railhead at North Elmham to connect with charter trains operating over the branch. This plan was abandoned when complete closure of the line from June 1989 was announced.
In April 1989 the Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society became part of the Mid Norfolk Railway Project, along with the Wymondham and Dereham Rail Action Committee, the Dereham Society and the Wymondham Heritage Society. The MNRP, an alliance of independent bodies intererested in the future of the line, was established to focus interest in the preservation of the route. During the following 18 months this alliance evolved into a single body, with WyDRAC members being assimilated into the F&DRS, and the latter voting to change its name to be the Mid Norfolk Railway Society in November 1989.
The station building at County School was formally opened by John Timpson on 15 June 1990, who was brought into the station on a short train consisting of the Ruston diesel and LMS brake van.

</doc>
<doc id="9863221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863221" title="Bastro">
Bastro

Bastro was an American post-hardcore band which was active in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The band's main line-up consisted of David Grubbs on guitar, Clark Johnson on bass guitar, and John McEntire on drums. The band also experimented with use of piano, organ and "musique concrète" compositions, foreshadowing McEntire's and Grubbs' subsequent musical projects.
History.
Bastro was formed by Squirrel Bait guitarist David Grubbs after the Squirrel Bait folded in 1987. After high school, Grubbs moved to Washington, D.C. to attend Georgetown University where he started an early version of Bastro with bassist Dan Treado, who soon left. Ex-Squirrel Bait bassist Clark Johnson joined Grubbs and the duo recorded the six-song EP "Rode Hard & Put Up Wet", backed by a drum machine and engineered by Steve Albini for Homestead Records in 1988. 
After their first release, Bastro toured with the band My Dad Is Dead, whose drummer at the time was Oberlin College percussion major John McEntire. McEntire soon joined Bastro, replacing the drum machine, and the trio recorded a full-length album with former Squirrel Bait engineer Howie Gano. Two songs from this session were released as a single in 1989 and a test pressing of the album was made, but then scrapped when the band came back from their first European tour and decided they could do better. Returning to the studio with engineer Brian Paulson, they recorded faster versions of their songs and these—along with "Shoot Me a Deer" and "Wurlitzer" from the first session—comprised the band's first LP "Diablo Guapo" (Spanish for "Handsome Devil"). The album's 12 tracks clock in at 28 minutes, and include a cover of Phil Ochs' "Pretty Smart On My Part" as a follow-up to Squirrel Bait's own Ochs tribute on their album, "Skag Heaven". In addition to presenting Bastro as a noise rock power trio playing in constantly shifting time signatures, Grubbs also plays piano on one track, mixed in with guitar feedback, tape music and spoken word, and the album's title track "Guapo" features a discordant horn section.
During this period, David Grubbs also played in the band Bitch Magnet and it was two years before Bastro's second album, "Sing the Troubled Beast" was released. The band's instrumentation became more diverse, including more piano, organ, and an excursion into musique concrète on the song "The Sifter". Grubbs' lyrics also grew more obtuse. Clark Johnson subsequently left the group to attend law school and was replaced on bass by Bundy K. Brown. Bastro toured and recorded a single with the group Codeine and began writing new, mostly instrumental material (some of which would later be released as a a live album). Grubbs relocated to Chicago to attend graduate school at University of Chicago and the group known as Bastro evolved into Grubbs' next project, Gastr Del Sol, with Brown and McEntire joining him for that project's debut album, "The Serpentine Similar".

</doc>
<doc id="9863238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863238" title="Staircase jig">
Staircase jig

A staircase jig is a woodworking tool that incorporates both a right angle and an acute angle in its design. The jig is easily transported due to its small size and light weight. Precise measurements are required to layout the diagonal locations.
This jig uses a zero reference line from which the rise and tread are measured. The upper part of the jig is a right triangle with a roundover overhang. The template allows for a tight fit of the tread into the stringer in the overhang section. The bottom of the jig incorporates an acute angle. This tapered angle allows a space for a wedge to fit against the back side of the vertical and the horizontal plane of the stringer. This jig can be used to lay out different rise (vertical) and tread (horizontal) widths. The jig is used with a plunge router and a bushing guide. The router plows out a precise groove into the finished product that allows all the parts to fit together.
Uses of jig.
The jig is used to make finish stringers, in interior staircase fabrication. The stringer is also referred to as a skirtboard. It can be used in a closed staircase or an open staircase where one side of the staircase is exposed and the other is housed into the skirtboard.
Design of jigs.
The jig in the image is designed to cut only one segment of the stringer at a time. Some industrial staircase jigs are designed to cut out an entire stringer in one setup. There are jigs to cut dovetails, mortise & tenon joints, box joints, keyed miters, finger joints, bridle joints, scarf joints, and many other joints. All these jigs add precision, consistency, and productivity to a job. 

</doc>
<doc id="9863242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863242" title="1996–97 French Division 1">
1996–97 French Division 1

The 1996–97 Ligue 1 season (then known as Division 1) was the 60th since its establishment. AS Monaco won the French Association Football League with 79 points. Four teams were relegated to Second division and only two were promoted because in 1997–1998, only 18 would participate the championship.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Division 1 season 1997/1998

</doc>
<doc id="9863273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863273" title="Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation">
Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation

The Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation (RMEF) is a conservation organization, founded in the United States in 1984 by four hunters from Troy, Montana (Bob Munson, Bill Munson, Dan Bull and Charlie Decker). Its mission is to ensure the future of elk, other wildlife, their habitat and our hunting heritage. In support of this mission the RMEF is committed to: (1) Conserving, restoring, and enhancing natural habitats; (2) Promoting the sound management of wild, free-ranging elk, which may be hunted or otherwise enjoyed; (3) Fostering cooperation among federal, state, tribal, and private organizations and individuals in wildlife management and habitat conservation; and (4) Educating members and the public about habitat conservation, the value of hunting, hunting ethics, and wildlife management.
Since 1984, the RMEF helped to conserve more than 6.3 million acres (19,000 km²) of habitat--an area larger than Yellowstone, Great Smoky Mountains, Grand Canyon, Glacier, Yosemite, and Rocky Mountain national parks combined. RMEF also helped to restore long-absent elk populations, with herds being reestablished in Kentucky, North Carolina, Ontario, Tennessee, Missouri, Virginia and Wisconsin. RMEF strives to be a strong voice for hunters in access, wildlife management, and conservation policy issues.
The Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation believes that Hunting Is Conservation. Early American leaders like Theodore Roosevelt shaped a set of ideals now known as the North American Model of Wildlife Conservation that declare wildlife belongs to all of us, every citizen is entitled to hunt and fish, and science-based, state-regulated hunting would drive wildlife conservation and management. Today, the U.S. has the most successful system in the world. And no one does more to financially sustain and uphold it than hunters.
Torstenson Family Endowment.
In 2002, Bob Torstenson gifted the 93,403 acre (378 km²) Double H Ranch, later named the Torstenson Wildlife Center, in west-central New Mexico to the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation. In 2012 the RMEF, working with the Torstenson family, made a gift transition of the ranch resulting in the establishment of the Torstenson Family Endowment (TFE), one of the largest endowments ever for a wildlife conservation organization. The ranch is forever protected and conserved through a conservation easement maintained by the RMEF. 
RMEF will use proceeds from the TFE exclusively to further its core mission programs: permanent land protection, habitat stewardship, elk restoration and hunting heritage. The TFE allows RMEF to increase project funding by attracting matching funds both from the private and public sectors, and allows RMEF to much more quickly meet and head off the habitat changes and challenges taking place across the United States.
Legislation.
The Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation supported the Bipartisan Sportsmen's Act of 2014 (S. 2363; 113th Congress). They urged members to support the bill, saying that it considers the bill "to be of vital importance for conservation, wildlife, and sportsmen and women." The Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation said that they supported the bill because it "protects the use of traditional ammunition, allows more flexibility for federal funds to be used to build and maintain ranges on public lands and ensures access to federal lands for hunting, shooting and other outdoor activities."

</doc>
<doc id="9863294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863294" title="Taipei Fine Arts Museum">
Taipei Fine Arts Museum

The Taipei Fine Arts Museum (TFAM; ) is a museum in Taipei Expo Park, Taipei, Taiwan. The museum first opened on December 24, 1983 at the former site of the United States Taiwan Defense Command (USTDC, dissolved in 1979). It was the first purpose built museum in Taiwan to host modern and contemporary art exhibitions. The architecture is a local adaption of the Japanese Metabolist Movement.
History.
From 1984 until 1990, its most prestigious biennial exhibition was the "Trends of Modern Art in the R.O.C.", which promoted Chinese modernity in art, inviting chiefly artists with a R.O.C. passport or equivalent ancestry. This premier national competition- style exhibition was substituted in 1992 by the Taipei Biennial and the Taipei Prize. The Taipei Biennial introduced the idea of a curator-critic inviting senior and more accomplished artists, while the Taipei Prize continues to serve as a competition-style platform to discover young and unknown artists.
Since its opening, the mission of the TFAM was to promote both Chinese modern art and international exchange. Since its early years it has hosted numerous international exhibitions, often sponsored by foreign cultural institutions such as the British Institute or the Goethe Institut. The first exhibition to be sent abroad by the TFAM was held in Japan as "Message from Taipei" in 1989. One of the most prominent of these national exhibitions abroad was held in 1996 / 1997 in Aachen at the Museum Ludwig and in Berlin at the Haus der Kulturen der Welt as "Taiwan: Kunst Heute". 
Since the mid-1990s, the TFAM's mission changed to promoting a Taiwanese identity in contemporary art, most visibly by organizing a national Taiwanese Pavilion at the Venice Biennial, and by dedicating the Taipei Biennial to the question of Taiwanese identity. In 1996 the largest ever Taipei Biennial was held under the title "The Quest for Identity", involving 110 artists and all floors of the building.
Since 1995 the TFAM organizes the Taiwan Pavilion at the Venice Biennale, which from 1995 until 2000 was recognized as a national pavilion. Starting in 1997 China exerted diplomatic pressure against the use of the name "Republic of China", and by 2001 the TFAM's Taiwan Pavilion in Venice was relegated to the list of institutional participations, later on to the category of collateral events. Since the year 2000 the Taichung National Museum of Arts organizes a participation at Venice's architecture biennial. While the TFAM had been happy to represent "Taiwan", the Taichung National Museum of Art insisted on the use of the name "R.O.C.", which became the diplomatic deathknell to a national pavilion. The loss of an official national representation has inspired other museums in Taiwan to organize exhibitions at the Venice Biennale as well, such as the Kaohsiung Museum of Fine Arts in 2007, and MoCA Taipei in 2009.
Since 1998 the Taipei Biennial has become an international event, curated by an international star curator. The first experiment in Asian internationalization was led by Fumio Nanjo under the title Site of Desire in 1998. Since 2000 the international curator is invited to choose a local co- curator, who then selects five to six local artists to participate at Taiwan's most prestigious art event. After 2000, funding and institutional backing for the Taipei Biennial have been dwindling, both compared to other Asian Biennials as well as privately backed exhibitions at the TFAM, regularly inciting criticism from the local art scene.
The TFAM has a rather interesting institutional history of interaction with the local art scene. In 1986 the first director, Su Rui-ping, had to step down after she had eliminated the installation of artist Zhang Jianfu from an "experimental" exhibition with her own feet, and in 1985 had a red metal sculpture called "Unlimited Minimalism" of Li Zai-qian repainted in silver. As a form of late justice, in 2006 a red sculpture called "Homerun" was permanently installed on the plaza facing the main entrance. In 1988 performance artist Lee Mingsheng was beaten up by museum guards when he brought a glass of his feces to a public discussion during the "World of Dada" exhibition, which also featured Duchamp´s famous urinal. In 1993 Lee became the first Taiwanese artist to be invited to the Venice Biennale. In 1995 newly appointed director Chang Chen-yu was forced to step down after months of protests of the art scene against his style of leadership and his use of museum funds. With the turn of the millennium and the growing professionalization of the art scene, this close-quarter relationship between the museum and the local art scene has considerably changed: at the 2004 Taipei Biennial, the statement of the local curator was eliminated from the official catalogue, without creating any major repercussions.
In 2001, the Museum of Contemporary Art Taipei was established in the Taipei City government old building.
Transportation.
The museum is accessible within walking distance East from Yuanshan Station of the Taipei Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="9863296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863296" title="Road Accident Fund">
Road Accident Fund

The Road Accident Fund in South Africa is a state insurer established by statute. It provides insurance cover to all drivers of motor vehicles in South Africa in respect of liability incurred or damage caused as a result of a traffic collision. Liability incurred in relation to property damage (such as damage to vehicles, buildings, vehicle contents) is excluded from cover. The Road Accident Fund operates a system whereby the claimant is assigned a percentage of responsibility for the accident, and the Road Accident Fund pays the claimant a percentage of a full settlement based on a percentage that was not deemed to be their responsibility. Insurance premiums are collected by the Road Accident Fund through a levy on motor vehicle fuel.
RAF at a glance.
1.1 Organisational Overview.
1.1.1 Mandate.
The RAF is a juristic person established by an Act of Parliament, namely, the Road Accident Fund Act, 1996 (Act No. 56 of 1996), as amended (”RAF Act”). It commenced operations on 1 May 1997, assuming at the time, all the rights, obligations, assets and liabilities of the Multilateral Motor Vehicle Accidents Fund.
The RAF is responsible for providing compulsory social insurance cover to all users of South African roads; to rehabilitate and compensate persons injured as a result of the negligent driving of motor vehicles in a timely and caring manner; and to actively promote the safe use of all South African roads. Section 3 of the RAF Act stipulates that "the object of the Fund shall be the payment of compensation in accordance with this Act for loss or damage wrongfully caused by the driving of a motor vehicle". The customer base of the RAF, therefore, comprises not only the South African public, but all foreigners within the borders of the country. The RAF provides two types of cover, namely personal insurance cover to accident victims or their families, and indemnity cover to wrongdoers.
1.1.2 Predecessors.
Prior to 1997, the system of compulsory motor vehicle accident insurance was governed by the following legislation:
• Motor Vehicle Insurance Act, 1942 (Act No. 29 of 1942); 
• Compulsory Motor Vehicle Insurance Act, 1972 (Act No. 56 of 1972); 
• Motor Vehicle Accident Act, 1986 (Act No. 84 of 1986); and • Multilateral Motor Vehicle Accidents Fund Act, 1989 (Act No. 93 of 1989).
1.1.3 Governing Structure.
The RAF, as established by the RAF Act, is owned by the South African public. It is listed as a national public entity in accordance with schedule 3A of the PFMA.
Government’s governance oversight over the RAF includes:
• (National Assembly) through the relevant Portfolio Committee and the Standing Committee on Public Accounts (“SCOPA”); The Executive Authority,
• Honourable Minister of Transport; and 
• Board of the RAF.
The National Assembly has legislative powers and maintains oversight of the National Executive Authority and the RAF as an organ of State. In addition, Parliament oversees the Executive Authority who is required to provide Parliament with full and regular reports concerning matters under his control.
Parliament exercises oversight of the RAF through the Transport Portfolio Committee and through SCOPA. The Portfolio Committee oversees service delivery and performance in accordance with the mandate of the RAF and its corporate strategy. It reviews financial and non-financial information, such as efficiency and effectiveness measures in delivering services against corporate goals.
The Minister of Transport is the Executive Authority of the RAF and is concerned with the financial viability and risks of the organisation, as well as policy-making and monitoring of policy implementation to ensure that the RAF effectively delivers on its mandate.
The board of directors acts as the Accounting Authority of the RAF and is accountable to the Executive Authority for the performance and affairs of the entity. The RAF’s Board is responsible for determining the overall direction of the RAF, formulating and implementing policies that are necessary to achieve the RAF’s strategic goals, and maintaining good corporate governance.
1.1.5 Principal Activities.
The RAF provides compulsory cover to all users of South African roads, both citizens and foreigners, against injuries sustained or death arising from accidents involving motor vehicles within the borders of South Africa. This cover is in the form of indemnity insurance to persons who cause the accident, as well as personal injury and death insurance to victims of motor vehicle accidents and their families.
1.1.6 Economic Role.
Road transportation is a critical element supporting and directly contributing to growth in any economy. Road accidents are, unfortunately, a negative consequence of this economic growth, affecting both economically active members of our society and other citizens. Free markets, and in particular the private sector, do not fully address the impact of road accidents on society and the economy. The RAF provides a social security safety net to the country and economy by making available compulsory social insurance cover to all users of South African roads. Contributions to the RAF are done by way of a levy on fuel used for road transportation. The cover extends to all members of society including, but not limited to, the poor, children, legal and illegal immigrants, foreigners, owners and drivers of motor vehicles, as well as their passengers. The social insurance cover, however, does not extend to drivers of motor vehicles that are found to be negligent.
1.1.7 Social Role.
The socio-economic role of the RAF is to re-integrate victims of road accidents into society, from a health and economic perspective, and to protect at-fault drivers and their families from financial ruin. This is done by the RAF paying the medical and related services costs required to restore accident victims to health, compensating the victims or their families for income or support lost as a result of the accident, and indemnifying the wrongdoer from liability. In addition, the RAF pays general damages to accident victims as compensation for pain and suffering, loss of amenities of life, disability and disfigurement, as well as funeral costs to families in circumstances where the victim of the accident sustains fatal injuries.
1.1.8 Vision.
The vision of the RAF is “to provide the highest standard of care to road accident victims to restore balance in the social system”.
1.1.9 Mission.
The mission of the RAF is “to provide appropriate cover to all road users within the borders of South Africa; to rehabilitate persons injured, compensate for injuries or death and indemnify wrongdoers as a result of motor vehicle accidents in a timely, caring and sustainable manner; and to support the safe use of our roads”.
2. Funding.
The RAF can obtain its funding from several sources as outlined below:
• Fuel levy income;
• Government grants, paid by National Treasury when there is a pressing need such as an acute cash shortage; 
• Borrowings/loans, which are an allowed source of funding according to the RAF Act. This option has not been used to date; and 
• Investment income, acquired from invested funds that occasionally result when the RAF’s operational capacity prevents it from paying out all its funds.
2.1 RAF Fuel Levy.
The primary source of income for the RAF compensation scheme is a levy raised on fuel. The levy is measured in terms of cents per litre on petrol and diesel fuel sold in South Africa and forms part of the general fuel tax regulated by government. The fuel levy per litre is set by National Treasury on a yearly basis, whereas total fuel sales are influenced by a number of macro-economic factors. On an annual basis, the RAF requests National Treasury for an increase in the RAF Fuel Levy, based on a financial model and a calculation of its costs during the coming year. The full extent of the RAF Fuel Levy requested is seldom granted. This is because National Treasury has historically set the levy on the basis of a pay-as-you-go principle rather than with the purpose of establishing a fully funded position for the RAF. During the 2012 financial year the RAF Fuel Levy was set at 80 cents per litre.
The RAF is not involved in the collection of its fuel levy. The South African Revenue Service (“SARS”) administers the collection of the fuel levy and pays it to the RAF, in accordance with provisions of the Customs and Excise Act, 1964 (Act No. 91 of 1964) and the RAF Act.
The two main variables that determine the income of the RAF are the volume of petrol and diesel sold per annum and the rate of the levy. The RAF Fuel Levy can be viewed as a compulsory contribution to social security benefits which is used only for the specific purposes as provided for in legislation.
2.2 Financial Position.
The RAF is affected by general economic conditions and other environmental factors, and by the extent to which it manages its costs effectively.
The nexus of all these factors is road activity in South Africa:
• The number of vehicles on the road influences the amount of fuel sold, which in turn affects the revenue granted to the RAF by National Treasury. This revenue comprises the fuel levy together with ad hoc government grants and minor income from investments to equal the RAF’s total revenue.
• The number of vehicles on the road also influences the number of accidents, although many other factors influence this statistic, particularly the relative severity of accidents. Volume and severity of accidents influence the volume and average value of claims made against the RAF. Claims, combined with the cost of third parties, such as attorneys and medical/legal experts, and the RAF’s administration costs, equal the RAF’s total costs.
Locations.
Head Office.
2 Eco Glades Office Park, 420 Witch-Hazel Avenue, Centurion, P/Bag X178, Centurion, 0046 Tel: +27 12 621 1600/1622
Menlyn Office.
Road Accident Fund Building, 38 Ida Street, Menlopark, Pretoria, 0081 P/Bag X2003, Menlyn, 0063 Tel: +27 12 429 5000
Pretoria.
Road Accident Fund Building, 38 Ida Street, Menlopark, Pretoria, 0081 PO Box 2743, Pretoria, 0001 Tel: +27 12 429 5000
Pretoria (Customer Service Centre ).
Middestad Building, 252 Andries (Thabo Sehume) Street, Pretoria, 0002 PO Box 2743, Pretoria, 0001 Tel:+27 12 429 5202
Johannesburg.
Marble Towers, 29th Floor, 212 Jeppe Street (Cnr Jeppe & Von Wielligh Street), Johannesburg, 2001 P/Bag X02, Johannesburg, 2000 Tel: +27 11 223 0000
East London.
Metropolitan Building, 4th Floor, Cnr Drury Lane & Caxton Street, East London, 5200 P/Bag X9000, East London, 5200 Tel: +27 43 702 7800
Durban.
The Embassy Building, 12th Floor, 199 Anton Lembede Street (previously Smith Street), Durban, 4001 P/Bag X54371, Durban, 4000 Tel: +27 31 565 2800
Cape Town.
1 Thibault Square, 7th Floor, Long Street, Cape Town, 8001 PO Box 2443, Cape Town, 8000 Tel: +27 21 408 3300
External references.
http://www.iol.co.za/business/personal-finance/lawyers-fees-accident-victims-win-court-victory-1.1471445

</doc>
<doc id="9863300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863300" title="Dobwalls Adventure Park">
Dobwalls Adventure Park

Dobwalls Adventure Park was a family-run visitor attraction in the village of Dobwalls, near Liskeard, Cornwall, England, UK. Founded in 1970 by John Southern, the park was one of Cornwall's top visitor attractions, consisting of two miniature railway networks complemented by large play areas and recreational grounds, both indoors and outdoors, an award-winning art gallery and woodland walks.
The park closed at the end of the 2006 season for redevelopment work, but in June 2007 it was announced that it would not reopen in its original form as an adventure park. The redevelopment projects stalled, with the John Southern Gallery and new camping site closing. The administrators were called in and the site, complete with many of the original buildings and landscapes still in existence were put up for sale by sealed bid auction.
Miniature railway networks.
The main attractions in the park were the gauge miniature railway networks that were based on two very different American railroad routes, the Rio Grande Cumbres Pass line and the Sherman Hill route of the Union Pacific Railroad; passengers were whisked through tunnels, over bridges and trestles and into canyons.
The Rio Grande line was opened in 1970 and included a 1:25 (4%) gradient, the steepest climb on a passenger-carrying miniature railway. The line wove in and out of a forest, recreating the Colorado railroads.
The Union Pacific route was opened in 1979, due to the success of the Rio Grande system, and added another miniature railway network to travel on. It was modelled closely on the real Union Pacific Sherman Hill line in Wyoming and had a ruling gradient of 1:66 (1.51%), a very steep hill for a railway.
In October 2006 it was announced that after over 25 years in operation, the Union Pacific railroad was to close. The last train ran on 29 October 2006. June 2007 saw the announcement that the remaining Rio Grande route would not reopen for the 2008 season, and would be replaced by a shorter simplified line.
Locomotives.
The locomotives were as follows:
When the park closed in 2006 all the locomotives were made available for sale, and in early 2008 eight of them were sold to a gentleman in Dorset to run at Plowman's Railroad near Ferndown in Dorset. The Dorset railway is no longer running and the locomotives have since been exported to Australia as part of a private project to build a seven and a quarter inch railroad next to the 'Puffing Billy Railway' in Australia.
As an update, the seven and a quarter railway will not be built. The local council has denied it.
Redevelopment work.
The park was closed for major redevelopment including the construction of new holiday lodges, a new arts centre and various other adjustments designed to boost income to the park at a time when many theme parks are feeling increasing competition and falling profits. The Go Kart track was due be demolished, and some of the play equipment removed. The Southern Gallery was due to remain until its new home is completed.

</doc>
<doc id="9863308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863308" title="Tree (disambiguation)">
Tree (disambiguation)

A tree is a perennial woody plant.
Tree or Trees may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9863323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863323" title="Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metre breaststroke

The men's 400 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics programme. It was the second appearance of the event, which had been introduced (as the 440 yard breaststroke) in 1904. The competition was held from Monday July 8, 1912 to Friday July 12, 1912.
Seventeen swimmers from ten nations competed.
The final of the event was a rematch between the five swimmers who had competed in the final of the 200 metre race. Bathe won once again (and indeed, set a new Olympic record each time he raced in both breaststroke events), with Henning providing a stiff challenge in the semifinals. Neither Lützow nor Malisch were able to medal in the longer race, as Henning took silver and Courtman finished third.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1912 Summer Olympics.
"(*)" 440 yards (= 402.34 m)
In the first heat Thor Henning set a new Olympic record with 6:52.4 minutes. Only to be improved in the second heat by Paul Malisch who swam 6:47.0 minutes. In the fourth heat Percy Courtman improved the Olympic record with 6:43.8 minutes. And again one heat later in the fifth run Walter Bathe swam 6:34.6. In the first semi-final Bathe and Henning bettered the record with 6:32.0 minutes. Bathe was able to improve the record in the final with 6:29.6 minutes.
Results.
Quarterfinals.
Monday July 8, 1912: The top two in each heat advanced along with the fastest loser overall. 
Heat 1
Oszkár Demján was disqualified, because he touched the wall with only one hand at the second turn.
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Thursday July 11, 1912: The top two from each heat and the faster of the two third place swimmers advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Friday July 12, 1912:

</doc>
<doc id="9863339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863339" title="Mr. Tanner">
Mr. Tanner

"Mr. Tanner" is a song by Harry Chapin from his 1974 album, "Short Stories". Big John Wallace plays Mr. Tanner by singing the chorus to "O Holy Night" in the background to the song's chorus.
Story.
The song tells the story of Martin Tanner, a local launderer from Dayton, Ohio who has a gift for singing. His friends try to talk him into becoming a singer because of his beautiful voice, until he finally agrees and uses most of his savings to travel to New York City and sing in a show. He holds a concert only to get panned by critics. He returns home and never sings again, except for only to himself when he sorts through the clothes at night.
Origin.
The song is based on a review Chapin read in "The New York Times". The singer, Martin Tubridy, performed twice, once in 1971 and once in 1972 and his performances were panned. It is unclear which article was the basis for the song of Mr. Tanner, as it seems both reviews are used in the vocal part in Mr. Tanner.

</doc>
<doc id="9863341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863341" title="Torrox">
Torrox

Torrox is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia southern Spain. It belongs to the "comarca" of Axarquía. It is located in the Costa del Sol (specifically the Costa del Sol Oriental), on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea and the foothills of the Sierra de Almijara.
It is frequented especially by German and British tourists. The city itself is divided into sections: Torrox Costa on the sea and Torrox Pueblo, 4 km inland. Torrox Park, a housing section in between the costa and the village, could be seen as another division. Torrox is located in close proximity to Nerja. It has "The Best Climate in Europe".
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9863385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863385" title="Noba">
Noba

Noba is a term found in a number of historical sources discussing ancient and Medieval Nubia. Its exact meaning is uncertain, with ancient sources themselves seeming confused about the region south of Egypt. Most likely it refers to two separate groups: the Nuba, a people from southeast of Nubia, and a people later known as the Nobatae, a group of unknown origin who invaded Nubia during the decline of Meroe and most likely founded the kingdom of Nobatia and gave their name to Nubia itself.

</doc>
<doc id="9863404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863404" title="Snub (disambiguation)">
Snub (disambiguation)

A snub is a refusal to recognise an acquaintance. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9863405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863405" title="Leave Freeze or Die">
Leave Freeze or Die

Leave Freeze or Die is a webcomic written and drawn by Jeremy Yuenger. It follows the misadventures of the students of fictional College University in Manchester, New Hampshire, and their dealings with figures from pop culture, state and local politics, and the media. It is published in strip form weekly by Neighborhood News, Inc. in their print publications and on NewHampshire.com, and as part of NewHampshire.com's insert in the "New Hampshire Union Leader". It is also appears periodically in graphic-novel format at FileFishComics.com. The title is a spoof of the New Hampshire state motto, "Live Free or Die".
The weekly strip in its current form began in 2004. It is a spin-off of the graphic novel series of the same name begun in 1989, and was preceded by another weekly comic with the same cast, entitled Over the Counter Culture, which ran in Boston College's "The Heights" from 1996 through 1999. Yuenger created the comic originally to make fun of the industrial arts faculty at his middle school, and later expanded it to include public figures and classmates from Manchester High School Central, who formed the basis of the characters. Yuenger publishes his work as "FileFish Comics", but is in fact the only person behind the company.
Synopsis.
The content of the series is largely episodic, usually focusing on efforts by the students to entertain themselves in a city largely devoid of entertainment options. In doing so, they typically run afoul of the "Union Leader" and its publisher, whose far-right values oppose anything the kids would consider to be fun. The central protagonist is Pete, a 21-year-old divorced college student and actor.
Long-term plot arcs have dealt with the college dean's attempt to clone the faculty for cheap labor (issues 91–97), the students' participation in a civil war in a fictional banana republic (issues 53–54, 72–73, 104–107), and Pete and Amy's marriage (issues 78, 98–99, 101). Several issues (55, 76–77, 87) involve run-ins with members of the Zendik commune. The weekly strips have featured shorter stories dealing with former governor Craig Benson reduced to working in a convenience store, publisher Joseph McQuaid being visited by the ghost of his chain-smoking former teen idol who begs him not to oppose anti-smoking legislation, and Manchester mayor Robert A. Baines attempting to infiltrate the city's nightlife to foil crime. Recent strips have dealt with the influx of presidential candidates to the city ahead of the 2008 New Hampshire primary.
The Huevolarian War.
The current plot of the graphic novels concerns the Huevolarian War, an attempt by the American government to prop up the corrupt government of Huevolaria through military intervention. In issue #53, Amy Cameron of "Students 4 Socialist Justice" became involved in the Huevolarian Civil War, helping to train a band of communist rebels (all named "Juan") in their struggle against the dictator Juan Volaro Cortazio. Cortazio had grown insane, and believed he was actually Tony Garza, the hero of Amy's high school Spanish textbook. Amy fled Huevolaria with the Juans, and brought them to her prom to hide them. Cortazio pursued her home to Manchester, and captured them all.
In issue #72, Shalome went to Huevolaria to negotiate Amy's freedom, and found that Amy had become a rich drug kingpin. Amy repented, and they attempted to reenter the United States, but were stopped at the Texas border by Ross Perot, dressed as a Boy Scout. Once again Amy returned to Huevolaria, hoping to undo the damage she had caused.
In issue #104, President George W. Bush named Huevolaria part of the Rhombus of Inconvenience, and attacked the rebels on behalf of Cortazio. Rolly tricked his students into enlisting, but was surprised than Dan had also volunteered in order to impress women. Trish and Shalome went to Huevolaria to protest the war, only to discover Amy and rescue her again. During the war, Matt was shot (but survived), and Amy Cameron met Pete's ex Amy, who had taken the "Amy" spot in the comic during her absence. Amy Cameron decided to go by her surname of Cameron rather than fight for the right to the "Amy" role.
Cameron was able to rally the Juans against Cortazio, the Americans, and Cortazio's henchman, Bruno, and the Juans won the war. Dan was discharged honorably but refused to be used for propaganda by Rolly and McQuaid, and instead left the school and moved in with Rolly's mom. Dan and Rolly eventually reconciled, and adopted a daughter, "Rollina".
Compilations.
Unofficial photocopy collections of the comic date back to the early 1990s and were edited by the real-life inspiration for the character of Pete, Pete Boisvert, at Yuenger's request. CD-ROM's were issued later, covering most material through the year 2000. Yuenger began printing paperback collections of issues #91 onwards beginning in 2005, and issued self-published hardcover collections in 2007.
Criticism.
Yuenger has been criticized by members of the Zendik movement for his portrayal of Wulf Zendik and life at the Zendik commune. He has also been chided for originally using the full names of private individuals who inspired the characters in the comic. In recent years, the characters' surnames have not been mentioned as often (the exceptions being public figures such as Dean Kamen and Joe McQuaid) and have been removed entirely from the FileFish Comics website. Some readers have also complained the comic blurs the line between fiction and reality by featuring "real" people and using some real events as the basis for otherwise fictional plots.
Yuenger has said he has received hate mail from readers opposed to his liberal political views, since the publications that run "Leave Freeze or Die" are politically conservative. The publisher of the "Union Leader", which carries the strip in an insert, is portrayed as one of the comic's main villains.

</doc>
<doc id="9863442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863442" title="Carlo Mattogno">
Carlo Mattogno

Carlo Mattogno (born 1951) is an Italian author and a Holocaust denier.
Life and works.
Mattogno was born in Orvieto, Italy. He is the author of numerous books and monographs, several of which have been published in the "Journal of Historical Review".
In 1985 Mattogno published the booklet "The Gerstein Report – Anatomy of a Fraud" and in 1988 the book "The Myth of the Extermination of the Jews". Since the 1990s Mattogno has largely focused his publications on the Auschwitz-Birkenau camp.
Mattogno is a former member of the advisory board of the Institute for Historical Review and current editorial advisor for the journal printed by the Committee for Open Debate on the Holocaust, bodies which promote Holocaust denial. Mattogno also contributes to the French-language journal "Annales d'histoire révisionniste".
Mattogno came out in defense of bishop Richard Williamson of the Society of Saint Pius X during a much-publicized Holocaust history controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="9863457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863457" title="Thakin Kodaw Hmaing">
Thakin Kodaw Hmaing

Thakin Kodaw Hmaing (, ; 23 March 1876 – 23 July 1964) is considered one of the greatest Burmese poets, writers and political leaders in the 20th century history of Burma. He is regarded as the Father of Burmese nationalist and peace movements as well as a literary genius. His legacy and influence on the post-war generations can still be felt in both literature and the ongoing political situation in Myanmar (Burma).
Formative years.
Hmaing was born Maung Lun in Wale village near Shwedaung in Lower Burma. He was sent at an early age to be educated in the traditional manner in Mandalay, and at the age of 9 he witnessed the fall of the Konbaung dynasty and the abduction of King Thibaw and Queen Supayalat by the British, being taken away in a carriage, near the queen's own Myadaung Monastery where he was a boarder. It was a scene that he would never forget and one that sparked his nationalist fervour in a lifelong struggle for independence.
Literary genius.
In 1894 Hmaing moved to Rangoon (now Yangon) to start his career as a playwright, and switched to journalism later on writing articles for a newspaper in Moulmein (now Mawlamyaing). In 1903 he married Ma Shin whom he had met in Rangoon before moving to Moulmein, and returned to the capital as the nationalist movement was gaining momentum in 1911 to work for the "Thuriya" (Sun) newspaper. Writing under his own name Maung Lun or Saya Lun, he had already reached a wide audience by now through traditional stage plays written in verse and based on historical Burmese myth and legend. He contributed regularly to the paper and other publications such as the "Dagon" magazine where he later became an editor.
His mastery of classical Burmese literature enabled him to write extensively in verse with such ease and flair that future generations of writers still find hard to match. A genius in multiple and complex rhyme, here is one of his couplets that has often been quoted: "Kaung myo ahtweidwei yenè chunzei myazei saw, daung owei yelo tunzei kazei thaw" - "May a myriad good things with vigour have a chance; may the peacock have its call and dance". The dancing peacock ("ka daung") was the emblem of Burmese sovereignty featured on pennants, coins and currency notes, whereas the fighting peacock ("hkut daung") is the emblem of Burmese student unions. "Owei" is the call of the peacock and was also the title of the Rangoon University Students Union (RUSU) magazine.
Hmaing also wrote in mixed verse and prose style brilliantly presenting satires in the form of learned religious commentaries, called "htika"s in Pali, such as "Hkway htika" (On Dogs) in which he castigated politicians for wasting their time and effort in futile squabbling when they should be concentrating on the fight against colonial rule.
Mr Maung Hmaing.
A novel titled "Missata Maung Hmaing hmadawbon wuttu" (the Epistles of Mr Maung Hmaing) written under the pseudonym "Mr Maung Hmaing" in 1916 immediately caused a furore which was also the intended effect. Maung Hmaing was the name of the main character, a Casanova- like scoundrel, in a popular novel at the time called "Chinbaungywet the Maung Hmaing" (The Roselle Vendor Maung Hmaing) by U Kyee (1848–1908), and Hmaing by taking his name and styling himself Mister at the same time was mocking the affectation among some fashionable Anglophile Burmese who had started putting Mr in front of their names. It did stop the trend. And the name stuck.
National leader.
Hmaing joined the nationalist "Dobama Asiayone" (We Burmans Association) in 1934 and quickly rose to become the leader of young "Thakin"s - a title that proclaimed they were the true masters of their own land, not the British who had usurped the title. He thus came to be known as Thakin Kodaw Hmaing (Master Lord Hmaing), and later Sayagyi (great teacher) Thakin Kodaw Hmaing.
He is also considered to be unequalled in another traditional form of poetry called "Laygyo gyi" which he revived to great effect by giving it a new content of contemporary political issues. Hmaing inspired a whole generation of Burmese nationalists in the fight for independence, fostering immense pride in their own history, language and culture, and more importantly urging them to take direct action such as strikes by students and workers, the subject of "Boingkauk htika" (On Boycott). He showed no mercy to those who were mere political opportunists either, as in "Hkway htika" (On Dogs). His allusive and highly memorable style of verse made him very popular with the Burmese public and shielded his work from colonial government censorship.
In the wake of the second university students strike in history of 1936 when the All Burma Students Union (ABSU) was formed, Hmaing was elected its patron. By 1941 his reputation as a leading nationalist earned him a place on the colonial authorities' 'Burma List', regarded as an 'enemy of the state'. It was Hmaing along with other leaders of the Dobama who sent Aung San and other young men - later known as the 'Thirty Comrades' - to seek military training abroad in order to fight the British.
Peace activist.
After independence in 1948 the country immediately plunged into a widespread civil war which caused great sorrow to Hmaing, and he spent the rest of his life trying to bring internal peace to the land. He was a leading light in the world peace movement in Burma, and in 1952 attended the Peace Conference for Asia Pacific Region in Peking. He was elected Chairman of the World Peace Congress (Burma) the same year, and won the Stalin Peace Prize in 1954. Hmaing also travelled to People's Republic of China, Mongolia, Hungary and the Soviet Union in 1953, and went to Ceylon and India for the World Peace Conference in 1957. He was awarded an honorary doctorate in 1960 by the University of Hamburg, West Germany.
Thakin Kodaw Hmaing gave his active support together with the former Brig.General Kyaw Zaw to the Internal Peace Committee during the 1963 peace parley between the Union Revolutionary Council government of Ne Win and various armed rebel groups including the Communist Party of Burma, Red Flag Communists, and ethnic minorities. Hmaing's was the one voice that all parties across the political divide would listen to with respect, and remained the only alternative political voice the military could not silence, after they took power in 1962, until his death at the age of 88 in 1964 when all political parties except the ruling Burma Socialist Programme Party (BSPP) were abolished by decree.
He devoted his time to peace and national reconciliation with less time for writing towards the end of his life, stating that his last wish was to see a peaceful and united country. He was buried at the foot of the Shwedagon Pagoda, and on March 23, 1976, the centenary of Hmaing's birth ("Hmaing yabyei"), over 100 students were arrested for holding a peaceful ceremony at his mausoleum.
Thakin Kodaw Hmaing was, in Anna Allott's words, "a man of many skills - a true Buddhist and a staunch patriot; poet and playwright; historian and teacher; pioneer writer and satirist - Thankin Kodaw Hmaing is the single most revered literary figure in modern Burma".

</doc>
<doc id="9863462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863462" title="Yümjiriin Mönkh-Amgalan">
Yümjiriin Mönkh-Amgalan

Yümjiriin Mönkh-Amgalan () (born 1956 in Bayanmönkh, Khentii) is a Professor of linguistics at the National University of Mongolia.
Mönkh-Amgalan earned his M.A. (1979), PhD (1993), and Doctor of Science (1997) in linguistics from the National University of Mongolia. His research focuses on modern Mongolian modality, pragmatics, semantics and syntax. He is most noted for his pioneering work on modern Mongolian modality as well as his work on comparative Mongolian dialectology. 
Mönkh-Amgalan has taught linguistics at the National University of Mongolia since 1979. He has taught Mongolian at Bloomington, Indiana from 2001 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="9863491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863491" title="Little Kelk">
Little Kelk

Little Kelk is a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately south-west of Bridlington town centre.
It forms part of the civil parish of Kelk.

</doc>
<doc id="9863525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863525" title="Capital Airlines Flight 20">
Capital Airlines Flight 20

Capital Airlines Flight 20 was a U.S. domestic scheduled passenger flight between Washington, D.C., and Norfolk, Virginia, run by Capital Airlines. A Vickers Viscount flying the route crashed into a farm in Charles City County, Virginia, on January 18, 1960. The flight originated at National Airport, and was en route to Norfolk Regional Airport when it crashed. The accident was the third fatal crash involving a Vickers Viscount suffered by the company in as many years; the first two were Capital Airlines Flight 75 and Capital Airlines Flight 67.
The plane was cruising at an altitude of 8,000 feet when it encountered icing conditions. These caused two engines to fail. As the craft descended to a lower altitude, the other two engines also failed, causing the propellers to autofeather. The crew tried and failed to restart the engines, and were unable to unfeather the propellers normally; they then put the plane into a dive in an attempt to force the propellers from their feathered position. Eventually they succeeded in restarting engine number four. They applied full power to this engine, which caused the craft to enter a circling descent until crashing into trees; at the time of impact it had almost no forward velocity. Five trees were driven through the fuselage, yet their trunks remained intact.
The crash was attributed to the fact that, as per airline policy, the pilots had delayed arming the engine ice protection systems even though they were flying in icy conditions; this caused the engines to lose too much power, leading to the accident. Capital Airlines changed its emergency checklist in the wake of the crash, deleting the instruction that pilots were to descend to a warmer climate to relight the systems and instructing them that, provided that correct procedure was followed, the engine could be restarted at any height.
Even several decades after the crash, the owners of the farm still report finding personal items left in the area of the impact from time to time.

</doc>
<doc id="9863537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863537" title="Reliant (disambiguation)">
Reliant (disambiguation)

Reliant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9863548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863548" title="Martinstown">
Martinstown

The name Martinstown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9863553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863553" title="Michael Brunker">
Michael Brunker

Michael Brunker is the projects team editor for msnbc.com. 
He started with msnbc.com as one of its first employees, in August 1996 as an investigator on Internet stories and was responsible for producing the series "Internet Underground" and "Internet Roulette". After 8 years he changed to become the site's West Coast news editor and in March 2006 he moved to leading the site's team of investigative journalists.
With a degree in journalism from San Francisco State University, prior to joining msnbc.com Brunker worked for many years in newspapers including the "San Francisco Examiner".
Before leading MSNBC's team of investigative journalists (March 2006), Michael was MSNBC's West Coast news editor.
He specialized in Internet stories and coverage, producing MSNBC's popular "Internet Underground" series, focusing on online crime, which included interviews with wanted hackers. Along with Bob Sullivan, he received the 2002 Sigma Delta Chi national public service award for his series on internet auctions.

</doc>
<doc id="9863599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863599" title="Uschi Keszler">
Uschi Keszler

Ursula "Uschi" Keszler (born August 13, 1948) is a figure skating coach and choreographer and a former competitor for West Germany.
Career.
Uschi Keszler qualified to represent the Unified Team of Germany at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck and finished 24th. The following season, she became the West German national champion and placed 11th at the 1965 European Championships.
In the 1965–66 season, Keszler won gold at the Richmond Trophy and the national silver medal. In January 1966, Keszler placed eighth at the European Championships and then 11th at the 1966 World Championships in late February. In April 1966, it was reported that Keszler and a fellow single skater, Ralph Borghard, had considered teaming up to compete in pairs. The two practiced some lifts together but her parents rejected the idea.
Keszler spent eight months in hospital after contracting tuberculosis and was advised by her doctors not to return to competition. She began working as a coach and choreographer in the United States. Keszler is known primarily for her work with Canadian skaters Brian Orser, Elvis Stojko, and Shae-Lynn Bourne / Victor Kraatz. Keszler invented the term "hydroblading" to refer to skating on deep edges low to the ice, and using it as a training technique. In 1997, she became a co-owner of the Ice Works rink in Aston, Pennsylvania.
Personal life.
Keszler was born in Mannheim and settled in the United States. She married Aram Boornazian, with whom she has a son, Marc. A survivor of breast and uterine cancer, she founded Uschi Keszler's Pennies-in-Action Cancer Research Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="9863624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863624" title="Sean Kennedy">
Sean Kennedy

Sean Kennedy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9863639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863639" title="Puah">
Puah

Puah (meaning "splendid") is a name given to two persons in the Bible:
Puah and Shiphrah.
The 11th century Jewish rabbi Rashi's Talmud commentary on the passage from Exodus identifies Shiphrah with Jochebed, the mother of Moses, and Puah with Miriam, Moses' sister, making the two midwives mother and daughter respectively. However, in Midrash Tadshe (on Exodus 1:15), it is assumed that Puah, as well as Shiphrah, was a proselyte, and that she was not identical with Miriam.
The name Puah may be interpreted as an expression of crying out (Isaiah 42:14, for example, translates the Hebrew "pa'ah" as 'cry out' or 'groan').
Commentators have interpreted Exodus 1:20-21 in various ways. Some scholars argue that the two halves of each verse are parallel, so that it is the Israelites ('who multiplied and grew greatly') for whom God 'made houses'. This fits with the reference in Exodus 1:1 to the chldren of Israel coming down to Egypt, each with his 'house'. However, as Jonathan Magonet notes, the more common view is that the houses are for the midwives - 'houses' here being understood as 'dynasties'. Rabbinic thought has understood these as the houses of kehunah (priesthood), leviyah (assistants to the priests), and royalty - the latter interpreted as coming from Miriam.
Modern interpretations.
Francine Klagsbrun said that the refusal of Shiphrah and Puah to follow the Pharaoh's genocidal instructions "may be the first known incident of civil disobedience in history" ("Voices of Wisdom", ISBN 0-394-40159-X). Jonathan Magonet agrees, calling them 'the earliest, and in some ways the most powerful, examples, of resistance to an evil regime'.

</doc>
<doc id="9863663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863663" title="Great Kelk">
Great Kelk

Great Kelk is a village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately south-west of Bridlington.
It forms part of the civil parish of Kelk.

</doc>
<doc id="9863686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863686" title="String Quartet (Chausson)">
String Quartet (Chausson)

The String Quartet in C minor, Op. 35, was begun by Ernest Chausson in 1898 and the composer had fully scored all but part of the third and last movement before he died in a bicycle accident on 10 June 1899. He was engaged on writing the last movement on the very day of his fatal accident.
Relying on the drafts left behind by Chausson, Vincent d'Indy completed the final movement at the request of the composer's family. The string quartet was premiered on January 27, 1900, at the Société Nationale de Musique (SNM). The performers were Armand Parent, Lammers, Denoyers and Baretti. 
The first movement is rather influenced by the impressionism of Debussy, while the second adopts a theme from Wagner's opera "Das Rheingold".
The three movements are:

</doc>
<doc id="9863687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863687" title="Richard Plain">
Richard Plain

Richard Plain is a Canadian politician. Plain is the former mayor of St. Albert, Alberta, having served from 1974 to 1977 and again from 2001 to 2004. In February 2007, he announced that he would seek a third term as mayor in the 2007 election.
By profession, Plain is a health economist; he retired from the University of Alberta in 2001. In this capacity, he has been critical of several health care initiatives of the Alberta government headed by Ralph Klein. These have included Bill 11 (the 1997 government bill to expand the private sector's role in delivering publicly insured health services), the 2002 report by former Canadian Deputy Prime Minister Don Mazankowski, and the abortive "third way" plan to change the mix of public and private health care delivery.
Plain was elected mayor in 1974, defeating incumbent Ray Gibbon in an election that was fought primarily on issues of development, with Plain favouring stricter limits than Gibbons. He was defeated three years later by Ronald Harvey. Plain blamed his defeat on Harvey's friendship with then-MLA Ernie Jamison, who also owned the St. Albert Gazette, and called his defeat "a plague on our house".
Between 1979 and 1981, as chair of the St. Albert Citizens Committee, Plain led the fight against a proposal from Edmonton to annex St. Albert, which he called "one of the greatest things this community will ever see".
In 2001, Plain, newly retired from academia, announced his intention to challenge incumbent mayor Paul Chalifoux. The ensuing election was fought largely on the issue of the West Regional Road, with Chalifoux favouring the recently proposed Ray Gibbon Drive alignment. Plain preferred the previously proposed alignment, which bypassed the developed portion of the city but crossed the Sturgeon River close to the mouth of Big Lake, and proposed a plebiscite on the subject. An aggressive public relations campaign by the Riel Park Business Association, which did not like the way the proposed road would pass through Riel Business Park, and a group calling itself S.E.N.S.I.B.L.E. Choice, attacked the alignment. Plain received the endorsement from S.E.N.S.I.B.L.E. Choice and he, along with the five aldermanic candidates the group endorsed, was elected.
Plain's second term as mayor was dominated by four issues. Plain's favoured plebiscite on the road was rejected by a majority of Council in favour of proceeding immediately with the original alignment. Plain quickly fell into step with this majority view, and was criticized for it by many citizens who continued to favour the rejected Ray Gibbon Drive alignment. In addition, Plain opposed the agreement made by the Chalifoux Council to split tax revenues from land recently annexed from Sturgeon County with the County, claiming that St. Albert would require all of the tax revenues in order to service the land. This position put him at odds with Sturgeon County mayor Lawrence Kluthe, and a feud developed between the two. Third, Plain oversaw preliminary plans for the development of the multi-purpose leisure centre that would eventually become Servus Credit Union Place. Fourth and finally, Plain's Council brought in a bylaw prohibiting smoking in all places of business, including those open only to adults.
Chalifoux ran again in 2004 and, in an election dominated by a bitter dispute over how to deal with Sturgeon County, narrowly defeated Plain. Since his defeat, Plain has continued to comment publicly on issues including St. Albert's annexation of land from Sturgeon County and municipal budgeting, and has announced that he intends to run for mayor again in 2007.
Plain was named St. Albert's 1981 Citizen of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="9863701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863701" title="The House of Love (1988 album)">
The House of Love (1988 album)

The House of Love is the eponymous debut album by the British alternative rock band The House of Love. Released in June 1988 by Creation Records, the album was a critical success.
Background.
The album was recorded following the departure member of founder member Andrea Heukamp, who had played on the band's early singles. Her only appearance on the album was playing guitar and singing backing vocals on the song "Christine" (the first song which group leader Guy Chadwick had written for The House of Love and had inspired the blueprint for the band's original lineup and style). Although the split was amicable, Chadwick would later comment "Losing Andrea Heukamp was a massive, massive blow for me: I loved her voice and I loved her playing, she was easily as important as Pete (Evans), Terry (Bickers) or Chris (Groothuizen)."
Despite the loss of Heukamp, the remaining four members continued with the recording of the debut album. The only single which would make it onto the album was "Christine": surprisingly, neither of the band's first two singles ("Shine On" and "Real Animal") were included. Instead the band drew on other songs which Chadwick had built up. These included "Touch Me", which was the first song that Chadwick had ever written (and which, in 2007, remained his favourite), "Man to Child" (which stemmed from his anxieties about "feeling old at the age of 26") and "Road" (written about his experiences and feelings of alienation on the squatting scene following his move to London from the Midlands). "Love in a Car" was based on "an affair which went on too long" while "Hope" and "Sulphur" drew on Chadwick's failed first marriage (he would describe the songs as "the only positive thing that came out of it.")
Although the recording sessions for the album were completed in just over a week, the mixing sessions - allegedly fuelled by copious use of LSD - proved more problematic, with producer Pat Collier dealing with the final mix after disagreements within the band. The album was preceded by the release of "Christine" as a single in May 1988, which reached No. 1 in the independent charts. The album itself was released later in May. As with the band's previous early singles compilation, the album lacked a title and featured only the band's name on the record sleeve: consequently the album became known simply as "The House of Love". A subsequent non-album single, "Destroy The Heart", was eventually voted single of the year in John Peel's Festive Fifty and was added to the end of the next pressing of "The House of Love" (although it was removed from the 2007 reissue of the album).
In 2007 the reformed House of Love performed the album live in its entirety as part of the All Tomorrow's Parties-curated Don't Look Back series.
Title confusion.
The first three long-form House of Love releases - this album, the previous German-market early singles compilation, and the band's 1990 album on Fontana Records - would all lack of an evident title. To avoid confusion, the three untitled releases would be distinguished by informal titles: "The German Album" (the singles collection, due to its initial release in Germany), the 1988 album remains referred to as "The House Of Love" or as "Creation" (regarding the record label), and the 1990 album is often referred to as either "Fontana" (after the record label it was released on) or "The Butterfly Album" (after the sleeve art).
Legacy.
It was ranked by NME as 453rd best album of all time.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Guy Chadwick.
"(later issues would add "Destroy the Heart" as the eleventh track, although this would not feature on the 2007 reissue)"
Personnel.
with
Deluxe Reissue.
In November 2012 Cherry Red reissued "House of Love" in a deluxe 3-CD package, remastered by Simon Murphy, with liner notes by Guy Chadwick and Alan McGee, and including rare band photos by band photographer, Suzie Gibbons. The package compiles all of the band's recordings while with Creation Records in 1987-88.

</doc>
<doc id="9863707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863707" title="G. K. Gilbert Award">
G. K. Gilbert Award

The G. K. Gilbert Award is presented annually by the Planetary Geology Division of the Geological Society of America for outstanding contributions to the solution of fundamental problems in planetary geology in the broadest sense, which includes geochemistry, mineralogy, petrology, geophysics, geologic mapping, and remote sensing. Such contributions may consist either of a single outstanding publication or a series of publications that have had great influence in the field. The award is named for the pioneering geologist G. K. Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="9863716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863716" title="Shree Muktananda Ashram">
Shree Muktananda Ashram

Shree Muktananda Ashram, in the Catskills area of upstate New York, is an international retreat center owned and operated by the SYDA Foundation. Its purpose is to provide a location where students of Siddha Yoga can study the philosophy and culture of Siddha Yoga and follow its daily practices (known as sadhana). The ashram is located in the hamlet of Fallsburg, approximately 130 kilometres north-west of New York City. 
History.
In 1978, the Indian guru Swami Muktananda began a tour of North America. The establishment of the Shree Muktananda Ashram was one of the main results of this tour. The SYDA (Siddha Yoga Dharm Associates) Foundation -- the administrative organization for Siddha Yoga -- bought the Gilbert Hotel, situated on Brickman Road, Fallsburg. Extensive renovations began and the site became the location of the offices that were to administer Siddha Yoga activities all over the world. The site would eventually include two other hotel complexes and cover over . In the summer of 1979, Siddha Yoga devotees gathered for the first retreat in Fallsburg. At this stage, the centre was known as the Shree Nityananda Ashram, in honour of Swami Muktananda's guru, Bhagawan Nityananda. A former ballroom became a meditation room and a temple honouring Nityananda was built.
In 1983, another hotel in the area, the Windsor, was acquired and converted to dormitory accommodation and offices. This centre became known as Sadhana Kutir. In 1985, construction began on a large open-air pavilion known as Shakti Mandapa, which was located behind the original hotel building, now known as Anugraha (divine grace). In the following year, the SYDA Foundation bought the Brickman Hotel, also on Brickman Road, which became known as Atma Nidhi (treasure of the soul).
After Swami Muktananda's death in 1982, his successor Gurumayi Chidvilasananda changed the name of the ashram to the Shree Muktanada Ashram.

</doc>
<doc id="9863724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863724" title="Kelk, East Riding of Yorkshire">
Kelk, East Riding of Yorkshire

Kelk is a civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated to the south-west of Bridlington town centre and covering an area of .
The civil parish is formed by the village of Great Kelk and the hamlet of Little Kelk.
According to the 2011 UK census, Kelk parish had a population of 158, a decrease on the 2001 UK census figure of 180.

</doc>
<doc id="9863727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863727" title="Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle

The women's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of a women's event in Olympic swimming, followed closely by the 4x100 metre free relay. The competition was held from Monday July 8, 1912 to Friday July 12, 1912.
Twenty-seven swimmers from eight nations competed.
Durack also won the gold medal, with compatriot Wylie close behind for silver.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Belle Moore, swimming in the first heat, set the first Olympic record with 1:29.8 minutes. In the second heat Daisy Curwen bettered the record with 1:23.6 minutes. And in the fourth heat Fanny Durack set a new world record with 1:19.8 minutes.
Results.
Quarterfinals.
The top two in each heat advanced along with the fastest loser overall. 
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
The top two from each heat and the faster of the two third place swimmers advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Curwen had to undergo an operation for appendicitis and missed the final. Rosenberg advanced to the final to replace her.

</doc>
<doc id="9863739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863739" title="Nossa Senhora dos Mártires (nau)">
Nossa Senhora dos Mártires (nau)

The Nossa Senhora dos Mártires, or the Pepper Wreck, is the name of a cargo ship wrecked in 1606 at the mouth of the River Tagus, near Lisbon, and subsequently excavated between 1996 and 2001. The ship had been seeking safer anchorage in the Tagus during strong winds, but she struck a submerged rock and went down close to shore with no loss of life. The wreck is so called because its major cargo at the time was peppercorns of black pepper, "Piper nigrum", which carpeted the river and were harvested along with the fittings and other cargo by the population.
The Museu Nacional de Arqueologia identified the debris on the bottom in 1993 and designated the site as São Julião da Barra 2 (SJB2). The ship was of a type called the ""nau", a cargo vessel, used as an Indiaman. Constructed in 1605 in the Ribeira das Naus, the royal shipyard in Lisbon, it set sail under captain Manuel Barreto in that year as part of an armada, or convoy, consisting of ten ships: four galleons and six naus, sent out by the Casa da Índia, a government trade organization, to Goa, then under Dutch blockade. After loading a cargo of pepper, classified by the government along with all spices as "drogas" ("drugs", literally meaning "dry goods") it completed the return voyage and anchored off the mouth of the Tagus. A strong wind caused some other ships to pull anchor, inspiring their captains to move further into the river. Seeking to follow their example, the "Nossa Senhora dos Mártires" struck a rock and went down suddenly. The date was September 14, 1606. Although scanty, the hull remains have preserved carpenters marks that allowed a tentative reconstruction of the ship’s hull.
Until the 2008 discovery of the Oranjemund Shipwreck in Namibia, this shipwreck was the only known Portuguese Indiaman from the 16th and early 17th centuries not destroyed by treasure hunters.

</doc>
<doc id="9863740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863740" title="Serap Yazıcı">
Serap Yazıcı

Serap Yazıcı is a Turkish academic. She is a professor of Constitutional Law in the Faculty of Law at Istanbul Şehir University. She became blind by an accident in her childhood. Professor Yazıcı is a member of the six-person committee tasked by the prime minister with drafting a proposal for the new constitution of Turkey.
Biography.
She has been critical of the constitution drafted after a Sept 12, 1980 military coup, saying "In the Turkish judicial system, the number of rulings that were based on the principle of objectivity would most likely be in the minority." 

</doc>
<doc id="9863742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863742" title="John Mitchel GFC">
John Mitchel GFC

John Mitchel GFC is a Gaelic Athletic Association club, established in Newry, County Down, in 1956, and is called after the Irish Patriot John Mitchel. The Club had the audacious ambition of winning the Down Senior Football Championship in five years and actually succeeded in four years, winning its first in 1960 and repeating the feat three more times in that decade in 1964, 1967 and 1968. Newry Mitchels star forward Sean O'Neill also won 3 All-Ireland Senior Football Championships with Down and was picked on the Gaelic Athletic Association's teams of the Century and Millennium. Mitchels home pitch is Gerry Brown Park, Greenbank, Newry. The grounds are named after Gerry Brown, founder member. Gerry managed the Down Senior football team to All-Ireland success in 1968. The club also has club rooms in Kilmorey street, Newry. Mitchels currently compete in the Down Junior Championship. Club colours are red and white. The club hosts an annual under 10 tournament, thought to be the biggest of its kind in Ireland. The tournament is also known as 'The Mitchels Blitz' and 'The under ten All Ireland'.

</doc>
<doc id="9863761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863761" title="Possession (Iron Butterfly song)">
Possession (Iron Butterfly song)

"Possession" b/w "Evil Temptation" is a rare single recorded by Iron Butterfly between 1967 and 1968, but not released until 1970 for unknown reasons. The first side is "Possession", which is the same version from their earlier single, "Don't Look Down on Me".
On the flip side is "Evil Temptation", an instrumental. Like many of Iron Butterfly's songs from the Heavy era, "Evil Temptation" is extremely simple, based entirely on a single riff. The lineup is mostly unknown, though Erik Brann has been confirmed as the guitarist. Doug Ingle denies having played on the recording, and has pointed out that the drumming sounds distinctly unlike Ron Bushy. It is possible that, Brann's guitar work aside, the recording is actually the work of studio musicians. However, the song itself is an Iron Butterfly composition, and a version with lyrics by Darryl DeLoach was performed during the band's early tours.

</doc>
<doc id="9863781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863781" title="KLCA">
KLCA

KLCA is a commercial radio station licensed to Tahoe City, California, broadcasting to the Reno, Nevada, area on 96.5. A translator at 96.1 helps cover the Northwest Reno/Caughlin Ranch portion of the market. KLCA airs a Top 40 (CHR) music format branded as Alice @ 96.5.
KLCA was also the fictional Los Angeles radio station featured at the beginning of the Robert Downey Jr. film, "Air America".
History.
"Alice" launched in early 1997 at the 100.9 frequency (replacing a country formatted station) where KMXW currently broadcasts. In 1998, the two stations swapped frequencies, which gave the station a broadcast antenna atop Slide Mountain and improved coverage to include the Lake Tahoe and Carson City areas.
Alice's growth was initially sluggish after moving to the 96.5 frequency as longtime Howard Stern fans in the Tahoe area were angry that they could no longer hear Stern on KRZQ's 100.9 frequency (with a tower on the valley floor). But the original Alice concept of a pop/alternative format designed to flank Hot AC KNEV (Magic 95.5) and CHR KWNZ (K-Wins 97.3) built a solid following on a diet of Matchbox 20, Third Eye Blind, Sugar Ray, etc. The original position statement was "Modern Hits." Longtime KWNZ morning show host "Wild" Bill Cody was hired to host mornings. The pop/alternative audience didn't gravitate to Cody's CHR stunts, and the station moved in a different direction in 1998 while transiting to the 96.5 frequency.
The station attracted fans with a playful attitude not typically heard on Hot AC radio at the time - including giving away a divorce on Independence Day (Reno is the divorce capital), conducting a displaced Bunny Ranch "working girls" job fair, hosting an Elaine Dance contest during the final episode of Seinfeld, looking for Nevada's best looking "Wookie" before the Star Wars Episode I premiere and bringing street side speed dating to Reno. It also played alternative rock songs that did not fit the hot AC format such as Weezer's "Troublemaker" in the playlist despite being on the playlist of KRZQ-FM (now KMXW).
When the pop/alternative format began to fade nationally, KLCA moved more toward a pure pop/hits approach leading to today's positioning statement: "#1 for Today's New Music." However, Mediabase moved KLCA to the contemporary hit radio panel, although still generally an adult top 40 (according to the Nielsen BDS reports) despite KWNZ & KWYL continuing the contemporary hit radio trend. The last official day for Nielsen BDS reports as a hot adult contemporary for the station was on July 19, 2011. After that, the shift to contemporary hit radio completed, overlapping slightly for a month with its sister station KWNZ, which became adult hits after this. Two months later, the hot adult contemporary format resurfaced on KMXW, replacing alternative rock station KRZQ-FM.

</doc>
<doc id="9863789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863789" title="Greatest Hits (DJ Jazzy Jeff &amp; the Fresh Prince album)">
Greatest Hits (DJ Jazzy Jeff &amp; the Fresh Prince album)

Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince. The album includes several of the duo's biggest hits, including "Girls Ain't Nothing but Trouble," "Parents Just Don't Understand," and "Summertime". This also includes the previously unreleased track "Lovely Daze", and two solo tracks by Will Smith from his major-motion picture film, "Men In Black".

</doc>
<doc id="9863792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863792" title="Helen Cunningham">
Helen Cunningham

Helen Cunningham (previously Richardson) is a fictional character from the long-running Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by Kathryn George. George first appeared in the role in 1997 before the character was written out in 2004 when she was killed in a car accident. While on the serial Helen was central to several storylines including a relationship with Gordon Cunningham, dealing with the suicide of son Lewis and her daughter Mandy's abuse at the hands of husband Dennis.
Development.
Characterisation.
The "Liverpool Daily Post" called the character a "temptress".
Storyline Development.
Helen's son Lewis (Ben Hull) commits suicide. This damages her relationship with daughter Mandy (Sarah Jayne Dunn). Dunn said having to film scenes were Helen and Mandy argue were "horrid". In scenes were Helen hits Mandy Dunn said she trusted George enough to allow her to hit her "for real" as it would add to realism. George added that Dunn and herself "get on well" and added that if she had children she would "want a daughter just like Sarah".
Helen has a brief affair with Tony Hutchinson (Nick Pickard). Pickard said the storyline "shocked" him. Pickard later added that his character was "going out with the old lady at the moment". Pickard added that he "gets on well with Kathryn" but that it was "weird when you suddenly have to be necking her". Pickard added that they "just got on with it" although it was "embarrassing when there's a cut and you don't really know what to say to each other".
Storylines.
For much of Helen Cunningham's early time in the Village she had the terrible misfortune of being saddled with a family intent on ripping itself apart. Helen had a tough time whilst she was married to Dennis Richardson (David McAllister), who had been abusive to her and had repeatedly raped their daughter Mandy. Helen was unaware of this until Mandy confessed to her brother Lewis.
After Dennis was sent to prison for seven years, Helen found a new love interest in Gordon Cunningham (Bernard Latham). The pair slept together and Helen was shocked to realise that she was pregnant. Gordon did the honourable thing by asking her to marry him. They soon got married and Helen gave birth to baby Tom Cunningham (Ellis Hollins), but more tragedy came for Helen when she found out Lewis had attempted suicide and was slowly dying. This left Helen devastated and she found it hard to cope.
Due to Lewis's death, the relationship between Helen and Mandy fell apart and the pair barely spoke to each other. After a while, however, the pair began to rebuild their relationship. Helen then enjoyed a period of happiness running the ironing and cleaning business 'Steam Team' next door to Gordon's Drive 'n' Buy whilst raising Tom.
Then suddenly, for reasons best known to herself, Helen became restless: her shop changed its identity, and so did she, indulging in an affair with Tony, Gordon's friend. This was eventually exposed when an earthquake destroyed the barge the lovesick pair had chosen as a bolt hole. After much argument, Tony told Helen that he did not want to be with her any longer and that she should get back with Gordon for Tom and Mandy's sake. Helen took Tony's advice and she and Gordon were fully reconciled.
Helen began to regain the respect of daughter Mandy and stepson Max Cunningham (Matt Littler), but soon things were back on rocky ground for her when husband Gordon had a death scare, suffering a heart attack. Helen blamed herself, but Max supported her and Gordon seemed to recover. However a week later, lightning struck twice when Gordon, Helen and Tom were involved in a car accident that left Gordon dead after he suffered another heart attack.
Helen was devastated and although she returned home from the hospital, she later died in her sleep whilst sitting in a chair with a blanket over her legs. This left Tom, who survived the crash, an orphan. According to Helen's will, Tom was supposed to stay with Mandy. He then lived with his brother Max for four years until Max died when he was run over on his wedding day.
In 2012, her tombstone was briefly seen when Cindy Hutchinson went to mourn for Rhys Ashworth.
Reception.
The "Western Mail" said her exit was "watched in tears" by viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="9863839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863839" title="Global Hotel Review">
Global Hotel Review

Global Hotel Review (GHR) is a subsidiary of GHD Sarl, a Paris based online travel company. GHR offers a collection of over a hundred thousand hotel reviews in 17 languages, in addition to offering price comparison features, travel forums, city reviews and direct hotel contact information to over 120000 hotels in more than 100 countries. 
In addition to serving major markets such as the English, French and Chinese speaking travel markets, it is worth noting that Global Hotel Review is the only travel website of its kind to serve traditionally underserved markets such as the Arabic, Hindi, Malaysian and Ukrainian speaking markets among others.

</doc>
<doc id="9863841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863841" title="Long Whatton">
Long Whatton

Long Whatton is a village in the English county of Leicestershire. It is south of East Midlands Airport, off Junctions 23 and 23A of the M1 motorway, and has easy access to Loughborough via the A6 and to Shepshed, Ashby de la Zouch and Kegworth.
The village is at National Grid Reference SK481229. It is a linear settlement, situated largely along a single road. There are two public houses: The Royal Oak and The Falcon; The Royal Oak has an entry in the 2012 Campaign for Real Ale Good Beer Guide.
Long Whatton History Society is participating in the setting up of a local Heritage centre with the Diseworth Heritage Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9863851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863851" title="Eternal Faith">
Eternal Faith

Eternal Faith was the 1st studio album by hard rock band Takara released in December 1993 on Now and Then Records.
The album was released to a very receptive audience. This new album entered the "Burrn!" Charts at #16 and European charts at #8.
It went on to sell 15,000 worldwide. These were very impressive numbers for a band that didn't even tour Japan or Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9863857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863857" title="Dean Meminger">
Dean Meminger

Dean Peter Meminger (May 13, 1948 – August 23, 2013) was an American basketball player and coach. [http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/knicks/dean-dream-meminger-dead-65-article-1.1435515]
Early life and playing career.
Meminger was born in Walterboro, South Carolina, and starred at Rice High School in New York City.
He attended Marquette University, where he played for coach Al McGuire. He helped Marquette win the 1970 National Invitational Tournament. Marquette's 1970 team was ranked 8th in the country and was invited to the NCAA tournament. Following a dispute whether to play in the Mid-East or Mid-West Regional, Marquette declined the bid and opted to play in the NIT, where the team outclassed the field. The NCAA was so incensed by Marquette, it instituted a rule which forced an NCAA Division I team to accept an NCAA bid over an NIT bid. A subsequent antitrust case brought by the NIT against the NCAA over this issue was later settled out of court. Meminger was also the MVP of the 1970 National Invitation Tournament, in which Marquette beat Pete Maravich and LSU 101-79 in the semi-finals before defeating St. John's 65-53 in the title game. Meminger was drafted in the first round (number 16 overall) of the 1971 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks, with whom he played from 1971 to 1974 and 1976-1977. Meminger played for the Atlanta Hawks from 1974 to 1976.
Coaching career.
Meminger was head coach of the New York Stars in the Women's Professional Basketball League (abbreviated WBL), which played three seasons from the fall of 1978 to the spring of 1981. Meminger, with rookie trainer Rick Capistran at his side, guided the Stars to the league championship during the 1979-80 season and was named the league's coach of the year. The team's great success, however, was not enough to save the Stars, which lost so much money the team folded without being able to repeat as champions. Meminger was coaxed to head west, leaving Capistran behind, when he signed up to coach the San Francisco Pioneers in what would be the league's final season.
Among the players Meminger coached to a championship were twins Faye and Kaye Young, fresh out of North Carolina State University. Kaye was married to former Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Bill Cowher. Kaye Cowher died of skin cancer at age 54 on July 23, 2010.
In 1982 Meminger was hired to coach the Albany Patroons in the Continental Basketball Association. He was dismissed for his combative style with his players and replaced by his former Knicks teammate and friend Phil Jackson. Meminger convinced Jackson to let him try out for the team but he was unable to resurrect his career on the court.
Meminger coached the USBL's Long Island Knights in 1987, and in later years, spent some time coaching at Manhattanville College in New York.
Personal.
Meminger's son goes by the same name and is a news reporter and anchor for NY1 News.
Fire incident.
On November 22, 2009, Meminger was rescued from a fire in the Bronx, NYC. Suffering from smoke inhalation, he was admitted to the burn unit of Jacobi Medical Center. Meminger recovered and would remain active in local basketball events. He and trainer Rick Capistran reconnected after 30 years when Capistran tracked his old coach down after reading about Meminger's brush with death in the '09 fire.
Death.
Meminger was found dead at the Casablanca Hotel in Harlem on August 23, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9863874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863874" title="Taipei City Mall">
Taipei City Mall

Taipei City Mall () is a shopping center located at the intersection of the Daan and Zhongzheng Districts in Taipei, Taiwan. It is the first and one of the most popular underground markets in Taipei City. It is located under Civic Boulevard (市民大道 "Shìmín Dàdào"), Section 1.
Structure.
It is about 825 meters long, and has 28 exits/entrances, 14 each on the north and south sides. It is connected with Taipei Main Station of the Taipei Metro, Taipei Station of the Taiwan Railway Administration, and the Shin Kong Life Tower. At the west end of the market is the future Beimen Station (currently not accessible). There are a total of 187 shops in the market.
The first floor underground consists of shops, while the second floor underground is a parking lot. The mall is divided up into 3 main sections: clothing, electronics, and food.

</doc>
<doc id="9863879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863879" title="Zero the Kamikaze Squirrel">
Zero the Kamikaze Squirrel

Zero the Kamikaze Squirrel is a game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Mega Drive. It is a spin-off of the "Aero the Acro-Bat" series.
The main star is Zero, Aero's rival from the previous games. A version for the Game Boy Advance was planned in 2003, but it was never released.
Plot.
The plot begins halfway through the plot of "Aero the Acro-bat 2". Zero receives a telegram from his old girlfriend Amy telling him that an evil lumberjack named Jacques Le Sheets has invaded Stony Forest, their island homeland, and has been chopping down the trees there in order to create an abundant supply of paper, which he will use to print counterfeit money using stolen plates already in his possession. In addition to that, he has also captured her father. Despite protests from his master Edgar Ektor to not do it (who tells him nothing is more important than his mission with him, notably referring to Ektor's Plan B from Aero 2), Zero decides to return home and stop Le Sheets (which explains his absence from Ektor's side in the Aero 2 final battle).
Upon arriving at the island, Zero's plane is shot down and crashes on the beach, so he starts making his way to the forest on foot. Zero's path takes him through the enemy-infested beach, up the cliffs where he faces two humanoids made of rock, into a volcano where he defeats mining workers and guard robots (during which he learns - after interrogating one of the beaten robots - that Le Sheets is at his paper factory, and that he is now holding Amy captive, after she tried unsuccessfully to save her father herself), through a river on a jet ski, into the forest where he defeats a metal claw-wielding creature, through a toxic waste sewer on a motorboat, and finally right into Le Sheets' factory.
After confronting and defeating Le Sheets on the roof, Zero spots a flying ship trying to escape, but he manages to board it just in time. Inside, he finds a tied-up Amy and frees her, but when they attempt to escape, they are confronted by the ship's pilot: Zero's own master Edgar Ektor (it is left for the player to assume that the counterfeit money scheme was his fool-proof back up plan referred to in the ending of Aero the Acro-bat 2). Zero squares off with Ektor in a final battle, and in the end - with some assistance from Amy - Zero is able to defeat him and leaves him aboard the ship, which crashes into the side of a cliff. Zero is seen falling victorious from the ship in a parachute while carrying Amy in his arms, but Ektor's fate is left unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9863882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863882" title="Diastolic heart failure">
Diastolic heart failure

Diastolic heart failure and diastolic dysfunction refer to the decline in performance of one (usually the left ventricle) or both (left and right) ventricles during diastole. Diastole is the cardiac cycle phase during which the heart is relaxing and filling with incoming blood that is being returned from the body through the inferior (IVC) and superior (SVC) venae cavae to the right atrium and from lungs through pulmonary veins to the left atrium. In diastolic failure, if the patient has symptoms, there is a pathologic cause inducing them. Diastolic dysfunction can be found when doing a Doppler echocardiography in an apparently healthy patient, mainly in an elderly person.
Causes.
Any condition or process that leads to stiffening of the left ventricle can lead to diastolic dysfunction. Causes of left ventricular stiffening include:
Causes of isolated right ventricular diastolic failure are uncommon. These causes include:
Pathophysiology.
Diastolic failure is characterized by an elevated diastolic pressure in the left ventricle, despite an essentially normal/physiologic end diastolic volume (EDV). Histological evidence supporting diastolic dysfunction demonstrates ventricular hypertrophy, increased interstitial collagen deposition and infiltration of the myocardium. These influences collectively lead to a decrease in distensibility and elasticity (ability to stretch) of the myocardium.
As a consequence, cardiac output becomes diminished. When the left ventricular diastolic pressure is elevated, venous pressure in lungs must also become elevated too: left ventricular stiffness makes it more difficult for blood to enter it from the left atrium. As a result, pressure rises in the atrium and is transmitted back to the pulmonary venous system, thereby increasing its hydrostatic pressure and promoting pulmonary edema.
It may be misguided to classify the volume-overloaded heart as having diastolic dysfunction if it is behaving in a stiff and non-compliant manner. The term diastolic dysfunction should not be applied to the dilated heart. Dilated ("remodeled") hearts have increased volume relative to the amount of diastolic pressure, and therefore have increased ("not" decreased) distensibility. The term diastolic dysfunction is sometimes erroneously applied in this circumstance, when increased fluid volume retention causes the heart to be over-filled (High output cardiac failure).
Although the term diastolic heart failure is often used when there are signs and symptoms of heart failure with normal left ventricular systolic function, this is not always appropriate. Diastolic function is determined by the relative end diastolic volume in relation to end diastolic pressure, and is therefore independent of left ventricular systolic function. A leftward shift of the end-diastolic pressure-volume relationship (i.e. decreased left ventricular distensibility) can occur both in those with normal and those with decreased left ventricular systolic function. Likewise, heart failure may occur in those with dilated left ventricular and normal systolic function. This is often seen in valvular heart disease and high-output heart failure. Neither of these situations constitutes a diastolic heart failure.
Physiology of diastole.
During diastole, the ventricular pressure falls from the peak reached at the end of systole. When this pressure falls below the atrial pressure, atrio-ventricular valves open (mitral valve at left side and tricuspid valve at right side) and the blood passes from the atria into the ventricles. First, ventricles are filled by a pressure gradient but near the end, atria contract (atrial kick) and force more blood to pass into ventricles. Atrial contraction allows around 20% of the total filling blood volume. (In atrial fibrillation, this additional 20% filling volume is lost and the patient may experience systolic heart failure symptoms). A correct left ventricular filling is essential to maintain a proper cardiac output. Left ventricular filling is dependent upon ventricular relaxation and compliance, mitral valve area, atrio-ventricular gradient, atrial contraction and end-systolic volume. Diastole has four phases: isovolumetric relaxation, rapid filling, diastasis and atrial contraction. All of these phases can be evaluated by Doppler echocardiography.
Diagnosis.
Diastolic dysfunction must be differentiated from diastolic heart failure. A diastolic dysfunction can be found in elderly healthy patients. If diastolic dysfunction describes an abnormal mechanical property, diastolic heart failure describes a clinical syndrome.
Criteria for diagnosis of diastolic dysfunction or diastolic heart failure remain imprecise. This has made it difficult to conduct valid clinical trials of treatments for diastolic heart failure. The problem is compounded by the fact that systolic and diastolic heart failure commonly coexist when patients present with many ischemic and nonischemic etiologies of heart failure. Narrowly defined, diastolic failure has often been defined as "heart failure with normal systolic function" (i.e. left ventricular ejection fraction of 60% or more). Chagasic heart disease may represent an optimal academic model of diastolic heart failure that spares systolic function.
A patient is said to have diastolic dysfunction if he has signs and symptoms of heart failure but the left ventricular ejection fraction is normal. A second approach is to use an elevated BNP level in the presence of normal ejection fraction to diagnose diastolic heart failure. Concordance of both volumetric and biochemical measurements and markers lends to even stronger terminology regarding scientific/mathematical expression of diastolic heart failure. These are both probably too broad a definition for diastolic heart failure, and this group of patients is more precisely described as having heart failure with normal systolic function. Echocardiography can be used to diagnose diastolic dysfunction but is a limited modality unless it is supplemented by stress imaging. MUGA imaging is an earlier mathematical attempt to distinguish systolic from diastolic heart failure.
No one single echocardiographic parameter can confirm a diagnosis of diastolic heart failure. Multiple echocardiographic parameters have been proposed as sufficiently sensitive and specific, including mitral inflow velocity patterns, pulmonary vein flow patterns, E:A reversal, tissue Doppler measurements, and M-mode echo measurements (i.e. of left atrial size). Algorithms have also been developed which combine multiple echocardiographic parameters to diagnose diastolic heart failure.
There are four basic Echocardiographic patterns of diastolic heart failure, which are graded I to IV:
Grade III and IV diastolic dysfunction are called "restrictive filling dynamics". These are both severe forms of diastolic dysfunction, and patients tend to have advanced heart failure symptoms:
The presence of either class III and IV diastolic dysfunction is associated with a significantly worse prognosis. These patients will have left atrial enlargement, and many will have a reduced left ventricular ejection fraction that indicates a combination of systolic and diastolic dysfunction.
Imaged volumetric definition of systolic heart performance is commonly accepted as ejection fraction. Volumetric definition of the heart in systole was first described by Adolph Fick as cardiac output. Fick may be readily and inexpensively inverted to cardiac input and injection fraction to mathematically describe diastole. Decline of injection fraction paired with decline of E/A ratio seems a stronger argument in support of a mathematical definition of diastolic heart failure.
Another parameter to assess diastolic function is the , which is the ratio of mitral peak velocity of early filling (E) to early diastolic mitral annular velocity (E'). Diastolic dysfunction is assumed when the E/E' ratio exceed 15.
Treatment.
Generally, diastolic dysfunction is a chronic process. When this chronic condition is well tolerated by an individual, no specific treatment may be indicated. Rather, therapy should be directed at the root cause of the stiff left ventricle, with potential causes and aggravating factors like high blood pressure and diabetes treated appropriately. Conversely (as noted above), diastolic dysfunction tends to be better tolerated if the atrium is able to pump blood into the ventricles in a coordinated fashion. This does not occur in atrial fibrillation (AF), where there is no coordinated atrial activity and the left ventricle loses around 20% of its output. However in chronic AF and in geriatric patients, AF is better tolerated and the cardiologist must choose between a stable AF at a lower rate and the risk of having an intermittent AF if he pretends to treat AF aggressively with all the thrombo-embolic risk it implies. In the same light, and also as noted above, if the atrial fibrillation persists and is resulting in a rapid heart rate, treatment must be given to slow down that rate. Usually digoxin maintains a stable rhythm. The use of a self-expanding device that attaches to the external surface of the left ventricle has been suggested, yet still awaits FDA approval. When the heart muscle squeezes, energy is loaded into the device, which absorbs the energy and releases it to the left ventricle in the diastolic phase. This helps retain muscle elasticity.
The role of specific treatments for diastolic dysfunction "per se" is as yet unclear. Diuretics are useful, as these patients develop significant congestion. But they must be monitored because they frequently develop hypotension.
Beta-blockers are the first-line therapy as they induce bradycardia and give time for ventricles to fill. There is some evidence that calcium channel blocker drugs may be of benefit in reducing ventricular stiffness in some cases (verapamil has the benefit lowering the heart rate). Likewise, treatment with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, such as enalapril, ramipril, and many others, may be of benefit due to their effect on preventing ventricular remodeling but under control to avoid hypotension.
Prognosis.
Until recently, it was generally assumed that the prognosis for individuals with diastolic dysfunction and associated intermittent pulmonary edema was better than those with systolic dysfunction. In fact, in two studies appearing in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2006, evidence was presented to suggest that the prognosis in diastolic dysfunction is the same as that in systolic dysfunction.

</doc>
<doc id="9863883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863883" title="Heiðr">
Heiðr

Heiðr (from the Old Norse adjective meaning "bright" or the noun meaning "honour") is the seeress and witch ("völva") mentioned in one stanza of "Völuspá", related to the story of the Æsir-Vanir war:
The general assumption is that Heiðr is an alternate name for the witch Gullveig, mentioned in the previous stanza, who, in turn, is often thought to be a hypostasis of Freyja. But it is sometimes argued that the "völva" who recites the poem refers to herself.
Heiðr is also a seeress in several works such as "Landnámabók" (S 179 / H 45), "Hrólfs saga kraka" (3) and "Örvar-Odds saga" (2), where she predicts Örvar's death.
Heiðr is lastly a child of the giant Hrímnir according to "Völuspá hin skamma" ("Hyndluljóð", 32).

</doc>
<doc id="9863884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863884" title="Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics – Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay

The women's 4x100 metre freestyle relay was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1912 Summer Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event, which along with the individual 100 metre freestyle marked the debut of women's Olympic swimming.
Only four teams entered. Australasia, which had had the top two swimmers in the individual competition, did not have any other women present to make a relay team and so did not compete. Great Britain, with two of the individual finalists, won the gold while Germany took silver and Austria won bronze over the host Swedes. The competition was held on Monday July 15, 1912.
Sixteen swimmers from four nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1912 Summer Olympics.
The time set by the British team is also the first official world record.

</doc>
<doc id="9863894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863894" title="Old Woking">
Old Woking

__NOTOC__
Old Woking is a ward and the original settlement of the town and borough of Woking, Surrey, centred (4 km) southeast of the town centre, between Kingfield to the west and its farmland and industrial land to the east. The village has no dual carriageways or motorways and contains parts of the town's two largest parks and two converted paper mills. Its other homes are mostly semi-detached houses with gardens; its main road is the A247, a southerly access road to the A3.
Old Woking's developed cluster is bordered on one side by Woking Park and on two sides by countryside or open buffer land including, on its southern border, the River Wey and the ruins of Woking Palace which was its manor and a royal dwelling throughout the Tudor dynasty. Having farms and an industrial area in the east of the suburb as well as lesser industry in its centre, it covers .
History.
The village of Old Woking, though much rebuilt due to dilapidations, predates the rest of Woking by over 1000 years and still contains many historic buildings; an architectural group of the village's Residents' Association has recorded the oldest buildings alongside officers detailing the listed buildings from English Heritage.
St Peters Church is a grade I listed building, dating to the 12th century, see Landmarks.
Manor.
Here Woking Palace was important as a main home of Margaret Beaufort, the pious and determined mother of Henry VII. His allied forces largely obtained through his mother's marriages and skilful negotiation won the Battle of Bosworth, killing the last king to have died in battle in any part of Britain. It remained royal throughout the Tudor period however immediately from Margaret's death lost prominence to the Royal Palaces of London, briefly Oatlands Palace and Windsor Castle.
The palace had by 1911 only foundations, stumps of walls and earthwork remains. These still provide visitors with evidence its once extensive buildings, with two chapels, within a double moat. The double moat is shown in the survey by Norden of 1607, and the remains of what was the manor house are still visible at Woking Park Farm. The palace had a cornmill, a fulling-mill on the manor, and a deer park.
It was Elizabeth I's own house in 1583. James VI and I, however, made a grant of it in 1620 to Sir Edward Zouch, who died in 1634. In 1715 following that family, the palace in some ruin already, and the vast manor estate around it was bought by John Walter. His son Abel sold it to Lord Onslow in 1752 in whose hands Old Woking remained until the Earls parted with it piecemeal, through sales of part, in the 19th and 20th centuries.
After the industrial revolution.
For most of the 20th Century and earlier Old Woking was the commercial hub of Woking containing many large companies including the site of the first KenWood Company, a kitchens supplier, unrelated to the similarly named Japanese company, and today part of DeLonghi.
The village has a substantive automotive sector or its economy, specifically in repair and retail. Since the 1990s most industry, storage and assembling operations have declined in the village. Thames Water's operations have expanded in line with population to the east of the village and Harvey's Water Softeners is an example of a long-established manufacturing business benefiting from patented block salts in the central industrial area. The main sites of the James Walker factory and Unwins Mill, 'the Gresham Press' operated from c.1890 until the late 20th century, the operations justified a second mill building. Both have been redeveloped into denser than average housing estates relative to the existing housing in Old Woking, however avoiding brutalist architecture, of which the ward has none and provide a suburban contrast with the 21st century rail-side apartments and especially the three 1960s originally social housing tower blocks in the centre of Woking.
Amenities and Localities.
Hoebridge Preparatory School and Hoebridge Golf Course are in Old Woking. Hoebridge usually informally describes the very small locality or neighbourhood in the east.
A somewhat obscure, rarely marked name for the western network of residential roads, is the Elm Bridge Estate.
Mill Moor, directly south of the east-west High Street, is a nature reserve criss-crossed by paths, as is White Rose Lane Nature Reserve however additionally it is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Woking Park has two leisure complexes, one with three types of pool, including a competition pool, two main playing fields to the far east and west and has wooded garden walks. Since the early 21st century an Army Cadets, Sea Cadets and Boxing Club Headquarters is in Woking Park.
Landmarks.
St Peter's Church.
The Anglican parish church is 50 yards south of the main, relatively short east-west thoroughfare which forms the main street of the village) High Street, Old Woking) by a cluster of 17th and 18th centuries buildings around the small conservation area and very short Church Street.
St. Peter's church door.
The west door to St Peter's Church, Old Woking is the oldest door in Surrey and probably the third oldest in the country having been dated by dendrochronology to the reign of Henry I (1100–35). The four planks making up the door very likely came from a single tree which was over 270 years old when it was felled. The tree must have grown from an acorn which germinated in the reign of Egbert of England (802-39).
Dr Jane Geddes of the University of Aberdeen, in her book "Medieval Decorative Ironwork in England" has identified the door as one of only five picture doors in the country and the ironwork as Medieval. The church is usually open after Easter in the summer months on Saturdays from 1 pm to 3 pm.
Former Saint Martha Printing Works or Unwins Mill.
Surrounded by narrow channels which are corollaries of the River Wey, this imposing red-brick, tall lattice windowed former works with red stone renderings has been converted to apartments.
Gresham's Mill.
This offshoot of the same printing works on the River Wey's backwater streams, Gresham's Mill, has also been converted to large apartments; its façade is in light brick, set behind trees, with a stylistic multi-hipped, gable-end roof.
Demography.
The proportion of households in Old Woking who owned their home outright was within 4% of the borough and regional average. The proportion who owned their home with a loan was 8% greater than the regional average; providing overall a lower proportion than average of rented residential property and of social housing, and close to the average in Surrey.
Local government.
At Surrey County Council, one of the 81 representatives represents the area within the "Woking South East" division.
At Woking Borough Council. most wards of the borough are deemed appropriate to be represented under the current constitution of councillors by one councillor, which is the case for Old Woking.
Transport.
The A3 has its main access to the borough from this part of Woking, less than away from Old Woking's centre. Other parts of Woking have their main access to a radial route out of London in the form of the M3, either via western suburbs and open countryside or north-eastern suburbs and via the M25.
The mixed use, suburban settlement is south-east of Woking's centre, as defined by The Peacock Centre, a large shopping mall, commencing immediately north of Woking railway station. Local roads are indirect to reach the settlement however which brings the distance to just over by road, however pedestrian and cycle shortcuts exist, mainly to cross the green buffer, Woking Park, which is a large park used for sports, play and tree-lined walks. This public recreation ground was laid out in 1906–7.
In terms of rail, as with most of the borough, the main station is Woking railway station on the South West Main Line; parking and designated foot/cycle routes are available to the relatively distant station is next nearest in any other direction, Worplesdon railway station to the south, which is on the Portsmouth Direct Line.
Buses connect:

</doc>
<doc id="9863896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863896" title="Alvin Bowman">
Alvin Bowman

Clarence Alvin Bowman is an American academic and former President of Illinois State University (ISU). He was trained in, and still teaches upper-level classes in, speech pathology. 
Bowman, an African-American, received a bachelor's degree in speech pathology from Augustana College, a Master's in speech-language pathology from Eastern Illinois University and a PhD in speech and hearing science at University of Illinois. He started his academic career with ISU in 1978 as a faculty member in the Department of Speech Pathology and Audiology (now the Department of Communications Sciences and Disorders) and in 1994 he was appointed chair of the department, as well as director of Down Syndrome Speech-Language Clinic. In 2002, Bowman left the chair position to serve as Illinois State's interim provost. He was named President of ISU in March 2004 following a vote by the Board of Trustees.
His wife, Linda Bowman, is an adviser and faculty member in the graduate division of the Department of Communications Sciences and Disorders. He and Linda have two daughters, Laura and Natalie.
He announced his retirement in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9863897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863897" title="The House of Love (1990 album)">
The House of Love (1990 album)

The House of Love is the second album by British alternative rock band The House of Love, released on Fontana Records in 1990. It should not be confused with the band's debut album, which is also called "The House of Love". It is generally referred to either as Fontana (after the record label it was issued on) or The Butterfly album (after Trevor Key's sleeve art).
Background.
The recording and mixing of "The House of Love" was beset with problems, with the band members distracted by hedonism, ego and indecision. Group leader Guy Chadwick would later comment "we really needed guidance at that crucial point. Most groups just go nuts. It's like this huge trolley full of booze being placed in front of you. With a whiff of success, people change towards you. We were taking too many drugs, I was drinking ridiculously and that's the worst combination when things are going wrong."
As opposed to the recording of the debut album (which had only taken one week, despite a protracted and argumentative mixing period afterwards), the new recordings were spread out over two years in multiple studios and would involve the work of four different producers (Dave Meegan, Paul Staveley O'Duffy, Stephen Hague and Tim Palmer) as well as production involvement by the band members themselves. The band would find themselves at odds with their A&R man Dave Bates, who saw the band as generators of hit singles and who had selected the album producers (whom Chadwick deemed "quite obviously wrong for us") as well as commissioning remixes which the band loathed and had not authorised.
During the slow and argumentative recording process, The House of Love's rhythm section Chris Groothuizen and Pete Evans would moonlight as members of a separate band, My White Bedroom. More seriously affected was lead guitarist Terry Bickers, an introverted character who was already unhappy with the implications of the band's deal with Fontana. Bickers would retreat into manic depression as his relationship with Chadwick deteriorated into a non-speaking one in which the two were more likely to communicate by post rather than have a face-to-face conversation. Following the completion of the album, Bickers would acrimoniously quit The House of Love during the early days of the sixty-date promotional tour. A couple of years later he would comment "I just found at the time that I didn't have the same aspirations as the rest of the band. I was more into exploring music than exploring the exploitation of markets around the globe. They were really into crusading. And winning. I wasn't."
Singles.
"The House of Love" would eventually generate four singles. The first of these was "Never" (issued against the band's wishes) which stalled at number 41 in the singles chart on release in 1989, as did the November follow-up "I Don't Know Why I Love You" (although the latter would achieve greater success as a Radio 1 Single of the Week and in reaching number 2 on the Modern Rock charts in the USA). The third single was a re-recording of the band's debut single "Shine On", which became the band's biggest and best-known British hit (reaching number 20). The last of the four was "The Beatles and the Stones", which reached number 36.
Re-recordings.
Several tracks on the album were re-recordings of previously released House of Love songs. The most obvious of these was "Shine On", but both "The Hedonist" and "Blind" had previously been B-sides of singles released on Creation Records.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Guy Chadwick.

</doc>
<doc id="9863924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863924" title="Torre Caney">
Torre Caney

Torre Caney is the tallest building in Santo Domingo and the Dominican Republic. Torre Caney is the tallest building in the Caribbean region. It consist of 38 stories and is tall. It is located along Anacaona Avenue, an area of much development in Santo Domingo.
Construction.
Construction started in 2005 by the Rodriguez Sandoval firm in the Dominican Republic and was completed by 2008. This company has completed numerous projects including other Dominican skyscrapers like; Aquabella, Torre Carib, Torre Pedro Enrique Ureña, and the famous Malecon Center.
Interior.
Torre Caney has been the most ambitious project to date in the Dominican Republic. The building includes a three story lobby, indoor parking and a gymnasium. Also, the roof accommodates a heliport and a pool. Each single floor Apartment has of space of which there are 31.

</doc>
<doc id="9863939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863939" title="Tower Block Dreams">
Tower Block Dreams

Tower Block Dreams was a British documentary series that broadcast on BBC Three during January 2004 investigating the underground music scene on council estates in the United Kingdom. A total of three 1 hour episodes were produced and broadcast at a 9pm timeslot.
The series looked at modern inner city life, through the stories of young musicians trying to make a career in music. The series showed that the underground music scene is fuelled by pirate radio stations and rapper's ambitions to become successful in the future. 
UK Hip Hop act Skinnyman featured on "Spittin' And Shotting, the first episode. 
See also.
People Just Do Nothing<br> 
Tower block 

</doc>
<doc id="9863949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863949" title="Paula West">
Paula West

Paula West is an American jazz and cabaret singer known for her rich, powerful contralto voice and for her sensitive interpretations of an extraordinarily eclectic selection of songs ranging far beyond jazz standards and cabaret chestnuts.
Early career.
West was born on April 4, 1959 and raised in the San Diego, California area, the daughter of a Marine Corps family. As a child she wasn't exposed to very much jazz music, as her father preferred classical music. She only started to explore jazz and jazz vocal music during college; these explorations became more serious and focussed when she moved to San Francisco after graduating from college. She has also been at some pains in the past to note that "I never sang in church".
She arrived in San Francisco around 1988-89 and worked as a waitress (indeed, she held one job or another waiting tables for many years until her singing career was well established). During this time, she gradually started to appear at open mike jam sessions, during the course of which she met pianist Ken Muir, who would eventually become her long-time accompanist. She also undertook a program of serious vocal study while continuing to appear at local lounges.
1990s.
As word spread through the Bay Area, West started to get one- and two-week residencies at San Francisco hotel lounges, most notably the Ritz-Carlton. During this period she started to refine the distinctive elements of her approach to the expectations placed upon jazz singer/cabaret performers: a careful attention to the lyrics of the songs ("I sing the verses," she was once quoted, "not just the chorus." ), an ability to sustain notes without use of vibrato, a sparing reliance on the hoary chestnuts of the genre, a willingness to re-imagine the standards that she does perform, and an eagerness to identify worthy songs not usually found within the jazz/cabaret repertoire.
As an illustration of the last point, she has performed or recorded such non-standard songs as Bob Dylan's "Subterranean Homesick Blues" and "Mr. Tambourine Man", "If I Only Had A Brain" from The Wizard of Oz, The Beatles' "Fixin' A Hole", Ella Mae Morse's "Cow Cow Boogie", "Who Will Buy" from "Oliver!", Bert Williams' turn of the (20th) century classic "Nobody", and Johnny Cash's "Folsom Prison Blues", as well as "Danny Boy", to name but a few.
West performed predominately in clubs in San Francisco and New York, with occasional performances in Europe. For ten years she held a one-month residency at the Empire Plush Room at the York Hotel in San Francisco (since closed). talking about her favorite places in San Francisco.
2000 to present.
For a number of years, West performed with Eric Reed and reviewers began to take note that her career was "spiraling in the right direction." " Stephen Holden, The New York Times, October 29, 2004
In 2007 West began performing with noted pianist/arranger George Mesterhazy (who accompanied the late Jazz great Shirley Horn), and their work together has been lauded in the New York Times, ”Ms. West is accompanied by the George Mesterhazy Quartet, a limber ensemble whose leader, pianist and arranger shares her passion for taking songs in unexpected directions and deepening their meanings without wrenching them out of shape. With each engagement Ms. West, who made her Oak Room debut in 1996, displays more courage, maturity, interpretive insight and vocal confidence. She and the quartet, which also includes Ed Cherry on guitar, Tony Reedus on drums and Barak Mori on bass, are a match made in pop-jazz heaven. “
Stephen Holden, The New York Times, October 22, 2007
As that collaboration grew into a full fledged partnership she performed most often with Mesterhazy's quartet of Barak Mori on bass, Jerome Jennings on drums, and Ed Cherry on guitar, in residencies at the Empire Plush Room and the Rrazz Room in San Francisco. They then established themselves at Yoshi’s in San Francisco’s revitalized Fillmore Jazz District, and in New York at The Jazz Standard where West, Mesterhazy and his Quartet recorded her first album in 11 years "Live at The Jazz Standard". The CD is now available on iTunes and Amazon. 
In February 2013, West returns to New York to appear with Wynton Marsalis and the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra to perform in the work for which Marsalis won a Pulitzer Prize, "Blood on the Fields".

</doc>
<doc id="9863960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863960" title="Information cycle">
Information cycle

The Information cycle is the progression of events over time as processed by the media. A news story goes through a series of stages as it evolves; it is presented first by the Internet, television, radio, newspapers, magazines, and academic journals, and eventually is published in books.

</doc>
<doc id="9863995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9863995" title="Fender Super Reverb">
Fender Super Reverb

The Fender Super Reverb was a guitar amplifier made by Fender. It was introduced in 1963 and was discontinued in 1982. This was essentially a Fender Super amplifier with built-in reverb and "vibrato" (actually tremolo). The original Super Reverb amplifiers were all-tube designs and featured spring reverb. There were two different designs, distinguishable by the color of the "face" or front control panel. Super Reverbs from 1963 through 1967 had "blackface" panels. From 1968 until its discontinuation in 1982, the Super Reverb had "silverface" cosmetics and circuitry. Early models in 1968, while cosmetically "silverface", did contain "blackface" circuitry. Fender introduced a reissue '65 Super Reverb in 2001.
Specifications.
Tube (valve) complement:
Some early Super Reverb amplifiers came with the option of factory equipped JBL speakers instead of the Jensen speakers widely used in the majority of Fender amplifiers. The JBL speakers had aluminum dust caps with larger magnets and voice coils, this gives a fuller response range and handles more power reducing the risk of "blowing a speaker". These models also add to the overall weight of the amp, making casters (wheels) a very good option.
Super Six Reverb.
The Super Six Reverb is essentially a master volume Twin Reverb or Dual Showman Reverb equipped with six Oxford 10L6 (or CTS 10" AlNiCo) speakers featuring 10"/5.2 ohms (8 ohms each in series-parallel) and 100 watts RMS (changed to 135W in 1977). Introduced in 1972, this silverface combo amplifier was discontinued in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9864001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864001" title="Warwick Road (Chesterfield County)">
Warwick Road (Chesterfield County)

"This article is about Warwick Road in the Richmond area. See also Warwick Road, Perth. A similarly named roadway, Warwick Boulevard, is located in the former Warwick County section of Newport News, Virginia"
Warwick Road in Chesterfield County, Virginia was one of the older roadways in the area extending across the northern section of the county. Established in the 18th century in the Virginia Colony, the Warwick Road effectively provided a portage around the portion of the James River containing dams and rapids near the fall line in the area of the towns of Manchester and Richmond, Virginia, which were located along the south and north banks of the river respectively.
Historical path from 18th century port town.
Warwick Road originated at its namesake, the former 18th century port town of Warwick which was located near the confluence of Falling Creek and the James River. Established around 1750 by Archibald Cary, Warwick was destroyed in 1781 by British General Benedict Arnold's troops during the American Revolutionary War.
The 18th century roadway called "The Warwick Road" led through what is now the large DuPont Plant in Chesterfield County, crossed into areas of Chesterfield annexed by Richmond in 1944 and 1970 which are now part of South Richmond and returned into Chesterfield County in what is now the Bon Air, Virginia area. There, it intersected what was called the River Road, which ran closely along the south bank in a westerly direction. The Warwick Road and the River Road in combination formed a portage from the deep water tidal James River around the falls, rapids, and dams near Manchester and Richmond to the river west of the there, where it is more shallow. The upper James River was navigable with craft such as bateau boats for many miles to the west.
20th century.
Although apparently not used for portage purposes after the destruction of Warwick in 1781, much of the original Warwick Road remained intact as a through route until around 1960 when Chippenham Parkway was built and severed it between Jahnke Road and Midlothian Turnpike near Bon Air. However, portions of the old pathway remain in use in 2007. From east to west, these include sections of modern Walmsley Boulevard, Warwick Road, and Old Warwick Road in South Richmond, and Brown Road and Belleau Drive in Chesterfield County.
Portions of Warwick Road were hard-surfaced after it became part of Virginia's Secondary Road System under the Byrd Road Act in 1932. During second half of the 20th century, portions of Warwick Road east of Chippenham Parkway became hazardous as the area became heavily developed with housing subdivisions and suburban growth, and the traffic volume increased greatly on the two-laned curving roadway, which had no shoulders and deep ditches along the narrow right-of-way which had been established many years before the invention of the automobile. Warwick Road became notorious for many fatal automobile crashes.
Newer connector road in South Richmond.
In the 1990s, a newer 4.5-mile-long four-lane connector route was built in the annexed area of the City of Richmond at a cost of $41 million US with funding from the Virginia Department of Transportation. It was built partially along the some sections of the original Warwick Road, and followed the alignment generally.
The connector route, most of which was assigned the historic name of Warwick Road, extends from the intersection of Bells Road and Belt Boulevard (State Route 161 across the CSX A-line (the former Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Richmond-Florida main line) via a new bridge through major intersections with Broad Rock Boulevard (State Route 10), Hull Street Road (U.S. Route 360} to an intersection with Midlothian Turnpike, which carries U.S. Route 60.
Several bypassed sections of the older roadway were renamed "Old Warwick Road".

</doc>
<doc id="9864059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864059" title="Effective date">
Effective date

An effective date or as of date is the date upon which something is considered to take effect. This may be different from the date upon which the event actually occurs or is recorded. 

</doc>
<doc id="9864069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864069" title="Birgitta Valberg">
Birgitta Valberg

Birgitta Valberg (16 December 1916 – 29 March 2014) was a Swedish actress.
She trained at the Dramatens elevskola. Best known for her work in several Ingmar Bergman films made over a 30 year period, she appeared in the Bergman produced "Paradise Place" (1977). For her role in this film, directed by Gunnel Lindblom, another member of Bergman's repertory company, she won the award for Best Actress at the 13th Guldbagge Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9864083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864083" title="Taste of Heaven">
Taste of Heaven

Taste of Heaven was the second studio album by hard rock band Takara released in May 1995 on Long Island Records.
Upon its release the album was selling so well that Long Island Records brought Takara to Germany for a promo tour. After one week in Germany they returned home to find that their new album had broken into the Billboard chart for Japan and hit #96! Quite an accomplishment for a non Japanese band.

</doc>
<doc id="9864086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864086" title="Kelk">
Kelk

Kelk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9864095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864095" title="Tiny Mix Tapes">
Tiny Mix Tapes

Tiny Mix Tapes (also TMT or tinymixtapes) is an online music and film webzine that focuses primarily on new music and related news. In addition to its reviews, it is noted for its subversive, political, and sometimes surreal news, as well as its mix tapes generator.
History.
Originally called Tiny Mixtapes Gone to Heaven and hosted on GeoCities, the webzine moved to its current domain in 2001. Tiny Mix Tapes is a featured reviewer on Metacritic.
The writing staff is composed of volunteers who often use pen names (such as Wolfman, Mango Starr, Chizzly St. Claw, and Filmore Mescalito Holmes). The co-founder and editor-in-chief is Minneapolis-resident Marvin Lin (who writes under the name Mr. P). The Music Reviews, Features, News, Film, DeLorean, Cerberus, Automatic Mix Tapes, Comics are edited by Jay, Gumshoe, Squeo, Benjamin Pearson, Keith Kawaii, JSpicer, Trillian, and Pliny the Elder, respectively.
Content.
Tiny Mix Tapes offers news, music reviews, movie reviews, and columns. The "DeLorean" section reviews music released before Tiny Mix Tapes began that may no longer be popular, albums that the writer believes are "classic" or influential, or older music that is significant to the writer.
Similarly, "Eureka" consists of reviews highlighted by the site as particularly avant-garde or experimental.
There is also a features section devoted to interviews, articles, fest reviews, as well as a "Live Blog," in which writers review live music shows. In 2009, Tiny Mix Tapes added a columns section.
As of 2008, Tiny Mix Tapes started reviewing films and now has a section devoted to film. This section also includes features on film-makers and other numerous subjects within the film medium.
The Automatic Mix Tape Generator.
The Automatic Mix Tape Generator, or AMG, was created to offer two-way communication with the website. Started in 2002, readers may submit a title or the theme for a mixtape, and a group of volunteers (called the "Mix Robots") will compile a track list. Due to the large volume of requests as well as request redundancy, not all requests are filled. The "Mix Robots" produce and submit track lists fulfilling the request as they interpret it. Mixtape track lists are then available on the website. Most of the songs on the mix tapes come from indie or underground bands/musicians. In 2008, Trillian, the AMG editor, was on Talk of the Nation to discuss Valentine's Day mixes.
Chocolate Grinder.
At the beginning of 2009, Tiny Mix Tapes began a feature podcast called Chocolate Grinder. Published approximately twice a month, each installment sees a writer collecting ten brand new tracks they want to shed light on and mix it as a continuous stream or download. The tracks are posted for stream or download in a single continuous file with a unique name. Currently, Chocolate Grinder remains a staple of Tiny Mix Tapes' daily media content, which includes videos, music streams, Internet premieres, interactive websites, etc.
Benefit Compilation.
In April 2009, the site began selling a benefit compilation CD/LP to benefit the victims of the War in Darfur. It featured 11 exclusive songs.
Humor and politics.
On March 30, 2007, Tiny Mix Tapes announced it was hosting a festival in Minnesota. At this festival, long-since dissolved indie band Neutral Milk Hotel were billed to be "reuniting all over your Cheerios" as the headlining act. Amidst a blog flurry, and articles disputing the legitimacy of the event in Billboard and Prefix, the festival was revealed as an early April Fool's Day joke later the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="9864098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864098" title="Stonewall Jackson High School (Shenandoah County, Virginia)">
Stonewall Jackson High School (Shenandoah County, Virginia)

Stonewall Jackson High School is a public high school located in Quicksburg, unincorporated Shenandoah County, Virginia, United States. Stonewall Jackson High School is home to almost 625 students, in grades 9-12. The school is part of the Shenandoah County Public School System. Karen Whetzel is the former principal. Mike Dorman is the current principal of SJHS.
The school's colors are red, black, and white, and the school mascot is "the generals"
History.
Stonewall Jackson High School opened in September 1959, as one of the three newly consolidated schools in the county. The first year's enrollment in grades 8-12 was 501. There were originally nineteen classrooms. In 1964, four classrooms were added while one was lost in becoming the guidance office. Major construction was done in 1993, with six classrooms added which became known as the science wing.
Renovations were done and new additions were built in 2004. Each existing classroom was renovated and air conditioning was installed. New construction consisted of a gymnasium, four locker rooms, weight room, wrestling room, indoor/outdoor concession stand, PE offices, training room, laundry room, band room, chorus room, library media center, office suite, guidance office suite, clinic, expanded cafeteria, seven new classrooms, and a teacher's workroom.
The school is named after Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson, a famous Civil War general.

</doc>
<doc id="9864111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864111" title="Nasal septal hematoma">
Nasal septal hematoma

Nasal septal hematoma is a condition affecting the nasal septum. It can be associated with trauma.
Because the septal cartilage has no blood supply of its own and receives all of its nutrients and oxygen from the perichondrium, an untreated septal hematoma may lead to destruction of the septum. Immediate drainage is necessary. Failure to recognise septal hematomas, or treat in a timely fashion, can cause a saddle nose deformity.
Treatment.
Small hematomas can be aspirated with a wide-bore needle. Large hematomas are drained by an incision parallel to nasal floor. Systemic antibiotics are given after the incision and drainage to prevent local infection.

</doc>
<doc id="9864119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864119" title="HP LaserJet P3000 series">
HP LaserJet P3000 series

The HP LaserJet P3000 series is a series of black & white laser business printers. Unveiled in October 2006, they are a direct replacement for the LaserJet 2400 series of printers.
Models.
The HP LaserJet P3000 series consists of the following models:
The letters at the end of the model have the following meaning:

</doc>
<doc id="9864125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864125" title="Born Sandy Devotional">
Born Sandy Devotional

Born Sandy Devotional is an album by The Triffids, released in March 1986. All the songs on the album were written by David McComb. The album was recorded at Mark Angelo Studios in London in August 1985 with Gil Norton co-producing with the band, and mixed at Amazon Studios in Liverpool in September 1985. The cover photo shows Mandurah, Western Australia — now a large urban centre — as it appeared in 1961.
When we finished Born Sandy Devotional I knew it was the best thing we’d ever done, there was no question about it. The writing was much more autobiographical than anything I’d done before, I felt quite close to the subject matter. I found myself almost following the idea of fidelity as a complete all-consuming faith, to give you some sort of direction or something.
And ‘Born Sandy Devotional’? It was the name of a song which didn’t make it onto the record which is about someone called Sandy… I like titles like those, they’re just a law unto themselves and they have a feeling unto themselves.
Born Sandy Devotional is the culmination of our efforts trying to capture our more considered lyrical approach with a physical intensity… well not really, but that will have to do. David McComb - 
"Born Sandy Devotional" reached No. 37 on the Australian Album Charts and No. 18 on the Swedish Album Charts in 1986.
On 12 June 2006, Domino Records released a remastered edition including eight bonus tracks and the video for "Wide Open Road". The bonus tracks were selected by Graham Lee. The album was remastered from the original analogue recordings in Melbourne in February 2006. A limited edition was also released by Domino Records containing a 40-page booklet with copies of the hand written lyrics for the 10 songs taken from David McComb's original notebooks (which differ slightly from the actual words sung) and notes and photographs about the making of the album.
The remastered edition of "Born Sandy Devotional" reached No. 39 on the Belgium Album Charts in July 2006.
On 11 August 2007, SBS in Australia aired a one-hour documentary on the Triffids and "Born Sandy Devotional" as the 1980s' representative of their "Great Australian Albums" series. In October 2010 it was listed at No. 5 in the book "100 Best Australian Albums".
Track listing.
Original edition.
All songs written by David McComb.
Personnel.
The Triffids.
Credited to:
Reviews.
"All the other rock is howling around, picking the sand out of its eyes, and The Triffids, on this hurricane form, make it look like a swarm of legless lizards. They've evidently taken their time, but unleash their true masterpiece when their nearest rivals clog their own arteries with pomp and frigid pretentiousness. Leaving a note on the fridge, The Triffids cap their climax with a lyrical wall and a mercurial lacing of melody.
Tapping out their oaths in rich words and cured kisses of harmony, they stampede back with the best, most brilliantly brusque LP of the year so far. They make the human verb rain thunder and it's almost a miracle."
"Sounds" - John Wilde
"After years of getting there, The Triffids have at last delivered what they've long promised: Born Sandy Devotional is a masterpiece...
Music, after all, expresses that which lies beyond words; and this is music of an order to be taken seriously...
Born Sandy Devotional boldly reoccupies the territory rock has abandoned in its retreat into self obsession, and so throws down the challenge to the rest of the field. Have you the imagination to accept?"
NME - Mat Snow
"At last somebody's released Born Sandy Devotional, which was finished nearly a year ago but has been bouncing around between dithering record companies ever since. God knows why because it's a classic, 10 songs of love and life in a hostile sub-tropical landscape. David McComb wrote the lot and it's a substantial achievement. His lyrics display real writer's insight, and mould imperceptibly to his unhurried melodies...
In The Seabirds, he explores a drowning love affair in a song so vivid it resembles a short story with pictures.
I'll have worn my copy out soon. What more can I tell you?"
Melody Maker - Adam Sweeting 

</doc>
<doc id="9864137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864137" title="Ishbak">
Ishbak

Ishbak (Hebrew: ish'băk; "he will leave; leaving"), also spelt Jisbak and Josabak. According to the Bible he was the fifth son of Abraham, the patriarch of the Israelites, and Keturah whom he wed after the death of Sarah. Ishbak had five brothers, Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian and Shuah.
Josephus tells us that "Abraham contrived to settle them in colonies; and they took possession of Troglodytis and the country of Arabia the Happy, as far as it reaches to the Red Sea." Abraham in all probability, tried to keep them apart from Isaac to avoid conflict while fulfilling God's commission to spread out and inhabit the globe. Little else is known about him, but his descendants may be the people identified in a cuneiform inscription to a people known as "Jasbuqu".

</doc>
<doc id="9864161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864161" title="Christ Church, Bradford-on-Avon">
Christ Church, Bradford-on-Avon

The Anglican Christ Church is located in the northern Hillside Terraces neighborhood Conservation District of Bradford-on-Avon, Wiltshire. It is in the Bradford Deanery of the Diocese of Salisbury.
Early in the 19th century people in this area of town objected to going down the hill to the northern town centre to their parish at the originally Norman church of Holy Trinity, which was considered to be "in a bad part of the town." The church was in need of repair and the nearby Saxon Church of St Lawrence across the road from Holy Trinity had yet to be discovered.
The new parish of Christ Church was created and a new structure was commissioned to be designed by Bath architect G. P. Manners in 1839. It was "originally...a simple design with plain walls, clear glass windows and stone flagged floors and was in the Perpendicular style." Later Victorian taste in churches was for something more elaborate, so in 1875 it was "restored" by Sir George Gilbert Scott. Today, the church has a memorial to Eric Moulton in the Lady Chapel, and a ring of eight bells cast by Gillett & Johnston of Croydon.
Regular Services.
Sunday - 8:00 am Holy Communion, 10:30 am Parish Communion (Family Service on 1st Sunday of each month), 6:00 pm Evensong (Fourth Sunday of each month at Holy Trinity).
Wednesday - 10:30 am Holy Communion

</doc>
<doc id="9864176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864176" title="Sergey Shiryayev">
Sergey Shiryayev

Sergey Shiryayev (, born February 8, 1983) is a Russian cross country skier who has been competing since 2002. His best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 11th in the 15 km event (9.3 miles) at the 2007 event in Sapporo, but that result was declared null and void upon announcing Shiryayev's disqualification for doping on EPO at the last day of the championships on March 4, 2007. His case was heard at the FIS Council meeting in Portorož, Slovenia in May 2007, resulting in a two year suspension from the sport. Two other coaches also received sanctions from the Russian ski federation.
Shiryayev's best World Cup finish was third in a 30 km mixed pursuit event (18.6 miles) in Russia in January 2010.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics, he finished 31st in the 15 km event while not finishing the 50 km event (31.1 miles).

</doc>
<doc id="9864188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864188" title="Péter Forgács">
Péter Forgács

Péter Forgács (born 1950) is a media artist and independent filmmaker based in Budapest, Hungary. He is best known for his "Private Hungary" series of award winning films based on home movies from the 1930s and 1960s, which document ordinary lives that were soon to be ruptured by an extraordinary historical trauma that occurs off screen.
Biography.
Since 1976 Péter Forgács has been active in the Hungarian art scene as media artist/filmmaker. In the late 1970s and '80s he collaborated with the contemporary music ensemble Group 180 [http://www.jazzloft.com/p-47126-szemzoreichmelisrzewski.aspx], at the same time he started to work in the Béla Balázs Filmstudio. Forgács established the Private Photo & Film Archives Foundation (PPFA, 1983) in Budapest, a unique collection of amateur film footage from the '920, and has made this material "the raw data" for his unique postmodern re-orchestrations of history. 
In 2002 The Getty Research Institute held an exhibit "The Danube Exodus: Rippling Currents of the River". His international debut came with the "Bartos Family" (1988)which was awarded the "Grand Prix" at the World Wide Video Festival in The Hague (1990). Since then Forgács has received several international festival awards in Budapest, Lisbon, Marseilles, San Francisco International Film Festival the Documentary Golden Gate Award 1998, Tribeca Film Festival 2005; At the Prix Europa, Berlin [http://www.prix-europa.de/en received the European TV Documentary of the Year Award 1997. Forgács received the 2007 Erasmus Prize, which is "awarded to a person or institution which has made an exceptionally important contribution to culture in Europe." In 2009 Forgács represented Hungary at the Venice Biennale, exhibiting the Col Tempo - The W. Project installation. In 2013 Forgacs created the ″Letters to Afar″ video installation at Museum of the History of Polish Jews in Warsaw with The Klezmatics Group; and at EYE Netherlands Filmmuseum Amsterdam the ″Looming Fire - Stories from The Dutch East Indies 1900-1940″ installation.

</doc>
<doc id="9864237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864237" title="CJMI-FM">
CJMI-FM

CJMI-FM, branded as 105.7 myFM, is an FM radio station located in Strathroy, Ontario, Canada. Owned by My Broadcasting Corporation, the station airs an adult contemporary format branded as myFM.
The station airs London Knights hockey games simulcast from CJBK in London, since CJBK's nighttime pattern does not adequately reach Strathroy.

</doc>
<doc id="9864241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864241" title="Banner of Poland">
Banner of Poland

Throughout most of the history of Poland, the banner of Poland was one of the main symbols of the Polish State, normally reserved for use by the head of state. Although its design changed with time, it was generally a heraldic banner, i.e., one based directly on the national coat of arms: a crowned White Eagle on a red field ("Gules an eagle Argent crowned Or"). The banner should not be confused with the flag of Poland, a white and red horizontal bicolor, officially adopted in 1919.
Derived from early Slavic flag-like objects, a royal banner of arms dates as far back as the 11th century CE. A symbol of royal authority, it was used at coronations and in battles. In the interwar period, it was replaced with the Banner of the Republic of Poland, which was part of the presidential insignia. A national banner is not mentioned in the current (2007) regulations on Polish national symbols, although today's presidential jack is based directly on the pre-war design for the Banner of the Republic. 
History.
From "stanica" to "chorągiew".
The banner of Poland traces its origins to the early Slavic vexilloids known as "stanice" (pronounced ; singular: "stanica"), probably used at least as early as the 10th century CE. Although no specimens or images are preserved, a "stanica" was probably a cloth draped vertically from a horizontal crosspiece attached to a wooden pole or spear, resembling the Roman "vexillum". It was both a religious and military symbol; the "stanice" were kept either inside or outside pagan temples in peacetime and were taken to war as military insignia.
With Poland's conversion to Christianity in the late 10th century, the pagan "stanice" were probably Christianized by replacing pagan symbols with Christian ones such as images of patron saints, or a Chi-Rho or dove symbolizing the Holy Spirit. In 1000 CE, during his pilgrimage to the tomb of Saint Adalbert in Gniezno, the capital of Poland until about 1040, Emperor Otto III officially recognized Duke Boleslaus the Brave as King of Poland (see Congress of Gniezno), crowning him and presenting him with a replica of the Holy Lance, also known as Saint Maurice's Spear. This relic, together with the "vexillum" attached to it, was probably the first insignia of the nascent Kingdom of Poland, a symbol of King Boleslaus's rule, and of his allegiance to the Emperor. It remains unknown what images, if any, were painted or embroidered on the "vexillum".
A royal banner was used as early as the reign of Boleslaus the Generous (r. 1076-1079). The earliest mention of a banner (, pronounced ) bearing the sign of an eagle is found in Wincenty Kadłubek's "Chronicle" which says that Duke Casimir the Just fought the Ruthenians in 1182 "under the sign of the victorious eagle". A seal of Duke Premislaus II from 1290 shows the ruler holding a banner emblazoned with a crowned eagle. Five years later, Premislaus was crowned King of Poland, and he made the crowned White Eagle a national coat of arms. During the reign of King Ladislaus the Elbow-High (r. 1320–1333), the red cloth with the White Eagle was finally established as the Banner of the Kingdom of Poland (Polish: "chorągiew Królestwa Polskiego"). The orientation of the eagle on the banner varied; its head could point either upwards or towards the hoist. The actual rendering of the eagle changed with time according to new artistic styles.
The national banner was identical with that of Lesser Poland, the territory where Kraków, the capital of Poland until 1596, is located. It was therefore carried by the Standard-bearer of Kraków until that office was replaced by the Grand Standard-Bearer of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland (Polish: "chorąży wielki koronny", Latin: "vexillifer regni").
Polish-Lithuanian union.
One of the most famous standard-bearers of Kraków was Marcin of Wrocimowice (d. 1442) who carried the national banner in the Battle of Grunwald (Tannenberg) in 1410. The military unit ("chorągiew") that went to the battle under that banner comprised the elite of Polish knights, including such chivalrous celebrities as Zawisza the Black, which is a clear sign that the banner, described by the chronicler Jan Długosz as "the great banner of Kraków Territory", was also the insignia of the entire kingdom. During the course of the battle, according to Długosz, the national banner slipped out of Marcin's hand and fell to the ground, but it was quickly picked up and saved from destruction by the Polish army's most valiant knights, which further motivated the Poles to strive for victory over the Teutonic Knights.
With the establishment of a dynastic union with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 1386, it became customary to use two banners—Polish and Lithuanian—as equally important insignia of royal authority. In the mid-16th century, before the creation of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (real union) in 1569, a single banner for the entire entity also came into use. The Commonwealth banner was initially plain white emblazoned with the arms of the Commonwealth which combined the heraldic charges of Poland (White Eagle) and Lithuania (Pursuer). During the 17th century, the banner was often divided into three or four horizontal stripes of white and red, ending with swallowtails. Elective kings' dynastic arms were often placed in an inescutcheon. Variants with the White Eagle and the Pursuer placed side by side without an escutcheon directly in the field or with the Eagle on the obverse and the Pursuit on the reverse side of the banner were also used.
During royal coronations, however, separate banners for each of the two constituent nations of the Commonwealth were still used. Crown (i.e., Polish) and Lithuanian standard-bearers carried the furled banners in a procession to the royal cathedral where, shortly after the anointment and just before the crowning of the king-elect, they handed the banners to the primate who unfurled them and handed them to the kneeling king. The king would then stand up and give the unfurled banners back to the standard-bearers.
Time of partitions.
Partitions of Poland at the end of the 18th century brought an end to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. In 1815, the Congress of Vienna established a semi-independent Kingdom of Poland (known as Congress Kingdom) under control of and in personal union with the Russian Empire. The King (Tsar) of Poland at that time used a white royal banner emblazoned with the arms of the Congress Kingdom—a black double-headed Russian eagle with the Polish White Eagle in an inescutcheon.
Interbellum.
In August 1919, the Sejm (lower house of parliament) of the renascent Republic of Poland adopted a law defining the Banner of the Republic of Poland ("chorągiew Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej"). The banner was part of the insignia of the head of state—the State Leader ("Naczelnik Państwa") and, later, President of the Republic. It was plain red emblazoned with the crowned White Eagle and bordered with a "wężyk generalski", a wavy line used in the Polish military as a symbol of general's rank. It was modified on December 27, 1927 to reflect the adoption of a new official rendering of the national coat of arms.
As a symbol of presidential authority, the banner was carried or flown to mark the presence of the head of state and, at the same time, the commander-in-chief. It was flown on the president's official residence, and used as a car flag and instead of number plates on the president's vehicle. The banner was also used on special national occasions including the welcome ceremony for Ignacy Paderewski in Poznań in 1918 and Poland's wedding to the Baltic Sea in Puck in 1920. It also draped the coffins of Henryk Sienkiewicz in 1924, the Unknown Soldier in 1925, and Marshal Józef Piłsudski in 1935.
Second World War and People's Poland.
Following the German-Soviet invasion of Poland in September 1939, President Ignacy Mościcki fled to Romania, taking the presidential insignia, including two specimens of the Banner of the Republic, with him. The banners were kept by the Polish government-in-exile in London until after the fall of Communism in Poland in 1989.
Meanwhile, the new Communist authorities at home used a modified version of the banner with a crownless White Eagle and a wider border. It was first used during the celebrations of the anniversary of the battle of Grunwald in 1945. Officially abandoned in 1955, the banner continued to be used in practice by the prime minister and, during the 1960s, by the Council of State, a collective head of state of the time.
Third Republic.
On December 22, 1990, the last Polish president-in-exile, Ryszard Kaczorowski, handed the presidential insignia, including one of the banners rescued by Mościcki in 1939, to Lech Wałęsa, the first democratically elected president of post-war Poland. The ceremony, held at the Royal Castle in Warsaw was seen as a symbol of the Third Republic's continuity with the pre-war Second Republic. However, since legal regulations on national symbols did not recognize a national banner at that time, the banner brought by Kaczorowski did not become the presidential insignia again but was instead donated to the Royal Castle museum where it is now on display. The other of the two banners remains in the Sikorski Institute in London. Today, a kilim embroidered with the design of the pre-war Banner of the Republic is hanging in the Senate chamber, above the chair reserved for the President of Poland.
In 1996, the Minister of National Defense established a jack of the President of the Republic of Poland with the purpose of flying it on Polish Navy ships while the commander-in-chief is on board. The jack is identical in its design to the former Banner of the Republic of Poland. In 2005, the use of the presidential jack was extended to all branches of the Polish Armed Forces. It was first flown on land during a Constitution Day ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Warsaw on May 3, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9864282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864282" title="Czechoslovakian parliamentary election, 1920">
Czechoslovakian parliamentary election, 1920

Parliamentary elections were held in Czechoslovakia on 18 and 25 April 1920. The Chamber of Deputies was elected on 18 April and the Senate on 25 April. They were the first elections held under the Czechoslovak Constitution of 1920. The result was a victory for the Czechoslovak Social Democratic Workers Party, which won 74 seats in the Chamber and 41 seats in the Senate. Voter turnout was 89.6% for the Chamber election and 75.6% for the Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="9864288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864288" title="Dead Horse Ranch State Park">
Dead Horse Ranch State Park

Dead Horse Ranch State Park is a state park of Arizona, United States, on the Verde River in an area known as the Verde River Greenway. Located at approximately elevation, Dead Horse Ranch State Park covers of land with of hiking trails, 150 campground sites and several picnic areas, along with 23 group camping sites. It also offers trailhead access to the Dead Horse Trail System, located on adjacent Coconino National Forest land. The ranch was originally named by the Ireys family, who sold the land to the state of Arizona to become a state park.
Special events.
The annual Verde Valley Birding and Nature Festival, the "Birdy Verde", with emphasis on birdwatching, is held each April. In 2010, about 70 field trips were offered for the four day event, many led by nationally recognized experts. Headquarters for the festival is at Dead Horse Ranch, but events are held throughout the Verde Valley.
Another popular yearly event at Dead Horse Ranch State Park is Verde River Day, which is held annually in September to celebrate the protection of the river's riparian habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="9864293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864293" title="EA Montreal">
EA Montreal

EA Montreal is an Canadian video game development studio owned and operated by Electronic Arts. The studio is based in Montréal, Québec. It was inaugurated by EA on March 17, 2004.
The studio was founded by Alain Tascan a former Ubisoft and BAM! Entertainment executive. It is one of a few examples where EA created a new studio instead of acquiring one. In 2006 with the acquisition of Jamdat, its Montreal offices were moved to the location of EA Montreal studio.
EA Montreal and EA Mobile Montreal are operated separately, however. In 2007, following the split of EA development studios into four labels, EA Montreal became part of EA Games Label (Frank Gibeau, President). EA Montreal is responsible for two original franchises: "Boogie" and "Army of Two" as well as other titles where it collaborates with other EA studios.
The Visceral Montreal studio was closed in February 2013. In April 2012, EA announced layoffs in the Mobile division.
Games.
EA Montreal has several games in their repertoire:
Location.
EA Montreal studio is located at 3 Place Ville-Marie, downtown Montréal.
Address: 
Electronic Arts Montreal
3, Place Ville Marie
Suite 200
Montréal, QC
H3B 2E3

</doc>
<doc id="9864299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864299" title="Zesto Drive-In">
Zesto Drive-In

Zesto Drive-In was a chain of drive-in restaurants featuring ice cream and frozen custard. Several Zesto restaurants continue to operate today, but they are independently owned and no longer part of an organized chain. 
History.
Zesto was started by entrepreneur and inventor L.A.M. Phelan as a national franchise chain. Phelan was head of the Taylor Freezer Corporation, which in 1945 had developed the "Zest-O-Mat" frozen custard machine, and franchise agreements granted exclusive use of the Zest-O-Mat machines in a given territory under the Zesto name. The first known Zesto Drive-In opened in Jefferson City, Missouri; dozens more opened in the late 1940s and early 1950s, mostly in the U.S. South and Midwest. By 1955, however, Taylor Freezer Corp. had reportedly grown frustrated with managing a retail business and dealing with unhappy franchisees, so it abandoned the Zesto concept and left the remaining franchisees to fend for themselves.
While some former franchisees continued to operate under different names, others retained the Zesto name, and they do so today independently of each other and without support from a governing franchise structure. Among the cities where locally owned Zestos currently operate include Evansville, Indiana; Fort Wayne, Indiana; Clarksville, Indiana; Pierre, South Dakota; Seattle, Washington; Atlanta, Georgia; Columbia, South Carolina; Fremont, Nebraska; Lincoln, Nebraska; and Omaha, Nebraska where it currently operates across from TD Ameritrade Park Omaha host of the College World Series.
The Zesto trademark is currently controlled by Zesto Inc., a Missouri corporation owned by Harold Brown, who operates the first known Zesto in Jefferson City, Missouri, and registered the mark in 1985. Brown's company grants exclusive rights to use the Zesto name by territory.

</doc>
<doc id="9864308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864308" title="Lie (song)">
Lie (song)

"Lie" is the first single by Black Light Burns from their debut album "Cruel Melody". It was released to radio on March 20.
Song information.
Lie was the first full Black Light Burns song Wes Borland had shown to the public. Previously, various samples were available on the band's MySpace page, but on March 29, 2007, Borland put up the full version of Lie, after responding to some controversial remarks from the other members of Limp Bizkit. This led to many fans believing the lyrics in the song were meant to discredit his former bandmates, and the time he spent in the band. The song contained lines such as ""I'm living a lie, and it's not the best thing for me"" and ""I follow these pigs around, but I never get used to it"".
The song notably features an unusual and flashy harmony guitar solo at the end, something missing from Borland's previous works. As a whole, the song is an unusual blend of extremely dark and vicious guitar driven music augmented by the programmed percussion of Charlie Clouser alongside the live drums of Josh Freese. The band played this song on Last Call with Carson Daly in promotion of the album.
For the live performance of the song, drummer Marshall Kilpatric doubles the programmed drums of the verse, with Borland only playing guitar from the bridge on through the rest of the song.
The chorus of the song is a collaboration between Borland and Richard Patrick.

</doc>
<doc id="9864314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864314" title="Fred Zain">
Fred Zain

Fred Salem Zain (1951-2002) was a forensic lab technician in West Virginia and Bexar County, Texas who falsified DNA testing results to obtain convictions.
Background.
Zain was hired as a chemist in the West Virginia state crime lab in 1977, with the rank of trooper in the West Virginia State Police, which ran the lab. He eventually rose to director of the serology department in the state Department of Public Safety. 
It was later established that Zain had gained his position in the serology department on false credentials. He claimed to have graduated from West Virginia State College (now West Virginia State University) with a major in biology and a minor in chemistry. He had indeed majored in biology, but had graduated with a C average. He had never minored in chemistry, but had taken a few chemistry courses, all of which he either flunked or barely passed. He had also flunked an FBI course in forensic science. Nonetheless, no one checked his background.
Early on, Zain gained a reputation for being able to solve extremely difficult cases, and was looked on as a "god" by West Virginia district attorneys. His reputation was such that prosecutors throughout the country wanted to use him as an expert witness.
There were problems on the horizon, but Zain's supervisors chose to ignore them. In 1985, FBI lab director James Greer told the state police that Zain had failed basic courses in serology and testing bloodstains. No corrective action was taken. Later that year, two workers claimed to have seen Zain record results from blank test plates. However, these complaints were not taken seriously because it was well known the workers and Zain didn't get along well. Zain also gained a reputation for being very "pro-prosecution."
In 1989, Zain became chief of physical evidence at the Bexar County medical examiner's office. However, West Virginia prosecutors continued to call upon him because his results appeared to be more favorable than others.
West Virginia work discredited.
In 1987, Glen Woodall was convicted of a series of grisly felonies at Huntington Mall, including two cases of sexual assault, principally on Zain's testimony regarding semen from one of the victims. Woodall was sentenced to 335 years in prison. However, in 1988, DNA testing—the first ever admitted as evidence at the state level in the United States—proved conclusively that Woodall was innocent, and the conviction was thrown out. Woodall's defense team conducted its own tests, which determined that Zain had used flawed blood-typing methods in tying the semen to Woodall. More seriously, it appeared that Zain had initially determined a piece of hair was unidentifiable pubic hair, but later changed his identification to hair from Woodall's beard. On that basis, Woodall was freed in 1992. Woodall subsequently sued the state for false imprisonment and won a $1 million settlement.
At the request of the state police, Kanawha County Prosecutor William Forbes began a criminal investigation. Forbes was so disturbed by what he found that he asked the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia to appoint a special judge and a panel of lawyers and scientists to investigate the serology department. On November 4, 1993; Senior Circuit Court Judge James Holliday issued a report finding that Zain had engaged in a staggering litany of misconduct and outright fraud. According to the report, Zain had misstated evidence, falsified lab results and reported scientifically implausible results that may have resulted in as many as 134 people being wrongfully convicted. Holliday found that Zain's misconduct was so egregious that any testimony offered by Zain should be presumed as "prima facie" "invalid, unreliable, and inadmissible." It also found serious deficiencies in the serology division's quality-control procedures. The Supreme Court unanimously accepted Holliday's report on November 12, calling Zain's actions "egregious violations of the right of a defendant to a fair trial" and a "corruption of our legal system." An investigation in Texas found that while working with the Bexar County medical examiner's office found at least 180 cases in which fraud perpetrated by Zain may have led to wrongful convictions. The investigations in both states found numerous instances of Zain filing reports on tests that had never even been done, reporting negative results that would have cleared as suspect as positive, and describing inconclusive results as conclusive. Reviews over the cases he presided led to dropped charges and overturned convictions in multiple cases in West Virginia and Texas. West Virginia alone ended up paying out a combined total of $6.5 million to settle lawsuits by people who had been wrongfully convicted due to Zain. 
Zain was charged with fraud, but his trial was put on indefinite hold after he was diagnosed with liver cancer. In 2001, he was charged on four counts of obtaining money under false pretenses, but the jury deadlocked. A new fraud trial was later scheduled for July 2003. In December 2002, Zain succumbed to his liver cancer and died in his Ormond Beach, Florida home.

</doc>
<doc id="9864321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864321" title="Domon group">
Domon group

The Domon Group, or Domon Research Group, is an interdisciplinary research group founded by former IBM researcher Eduard Domon in 1973. The group is organized in a loose affiliation of scientists, artists, and activists in laboratories and studios around the world. The Domon Group's research is wide-ranging, but is generally concerned with issues in artificial intelligence, information theory, self-organizing systems and language.
The distributed structure of the group has helped maintain the relative anonymity of members, while providing support and community to researchers working at the fringes of established fields. While there is no available master list of members, former members are believed to include Shawn Brixey of DXARTS at University of Washington, Jacque Servin of the Yes Men, and the model and philosopher Lorianna Tuck. It has also been suggested that Domon Group members have a relatively strong presence in the research department of Google.

</doc>
<doc id="9864337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864337" title="Hat Yai District">
Hat Yai District

Hat Yai () is a district ("Amphoe") of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand. 
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) 
Khuan Kalong of Satun Province, and Rattaphum, Bang Klam, Khuan Niang, Singhanakhon, Mueang Songkhla, Na Mom, Chana, Sadao and Khlong Hoi Khong.
The northeastern part of the district is at the shore of the Songkhla Lake.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 13 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 98 villages ("muban"). The city ("thesaban nakhon") Hat Yai covers the whole "tambon" Hat Yai. There are 4 towns ("thesaban mueang") - Ban Phru covers parts of "tambon" Ban Phru, and Khlong Hae, Khuan Lang and Kho Hong each cover the whole same-named "tambon". There is further one township ("thesaban tambon") - Pha Tong covers parts of "tambon" Pha Tong. The non-municipal areas are administrated by 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form the districts Bang Klam and Khlong Hoi Khong.

</doc>
<doc id="9864338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864338" title="Relaxation of the Asshole">
Relaxation of the Asshole

Relaxation of the Asshole is the name of a live comedy album by Robert Pollard. All of its tracks are outtakes from his onstage banter at various concerts. It was given a rating of "(1)0.0" in a review by Pitchfork Media, giving it a dual rating of 0.0 and 10.0. 

</doc>
<doc id="9864364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864364" title="Champagne cocktail">
Champagne cocktail

A champagne cocktail is an alcoholic drink made with sugar, Angostura bitters, champagne, brandy and a maraschino cherry as a garnish. It is one of the IBA Official Cocktails.
In history.
A historical reference for the cocktail is in "Professor" Jerry Thomas' book "Bon Vivant's Companion", in 1862. This recipe omits the brandy or cognac and is considered to be the "classic" American version.
In popular culture.
Victor Laszlo and Captain Renault both order champagne cocktails in the 1942 movie "Casablanca".
General Sternwood has a champagne cocktail with "a third of a glass of brandy under the Champagne and the Champagne cold as Valley Forge. Colder if you can get it colder" in Raymond Chandler's novel "The Big Sleep".
In the 1944 exploitation film "I Accuse My Parents", Jim "Jimmy" Wilson (Robert Lowell), although under-age, visits a nightclub and orders TWO champagne cocktails, which elicits an eye-roll from the waiter as he turns from the table.
In the 1948 movie "The Red Shoes", the two main characters, the ballerina and the ballet director, meet at a party drinks table when they both order champagne cocktails, and give each other the eye.
In 1956 film "While The City Sleeps", the character Mildred Donner played by Ida Lupino, ordered for a champagne cocktail in a bar scene. 
In the 1957 film "An Affair to Remember", Deborah Kerr's character asks for a champagne cocktail—with pink champagne—at the bar on board the ship she is traveling on along with Cary Grant's character. The bartender makes two—one for her, and one (apparently already ordered a moment before) for Cary Grant's character. It is a comedic moment, since the two of them are trying hard to hide their shipboard romance from the other passengers and crew.
In the Woody Allen film "Match Point", Emily Mortimer orders a champagne cocktail at a restaurant with Jonathan Rhys Meyers.
The Francis Ford Coppola-Mario Puzo film "The Godfather Part II" has the following exchange:
Frank Pentangeli: "Michael, you're sitting high up in the Sierra mountains. And you're drinkin'—uh, what's he drinkin'?"
Willie Cicci: "Champagne."
Frank Pentangeli: "Champagne, uh, champagne cocktails—and you're passing judgment on how I run my family?!"
In the 1999 film "Blast from the Past", the main character asks for a champagne cocktail and gets a response of, "I thought only hookers drank those", and he responds with "I know mom loves them."

</doc>
<doc id="9864369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864369" title="Pedalanka">
Pedalanka

Pedalanka is a small village in Repalle mandal of Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Agriculture.
The village is chiefly based on an agriculture. The main crops grown are banana, sugar cane, and red chili.
Religious worships include many temples Prudhveeswara Swamy Temple(Shiva Temple), Rama Temple, Naagendra Swamy Temple, Pothu Raju Temple('Pothu Raju' is believed to be the village deity).

</doc>
<doc id="9864381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864381" title="Mii">
Mii

A Mii is a digital avatar used in Nintendo's Wii, Wii U and Nintendo 3DS gaming consoles. They allow users to capture a likeness (or a caricature) of themselves, other people, or invented characters. After creating one using the Mii Channel on a Wii or the Mii Maker application on a Nintendo 3DS or Wii U, Miis can be used as playable characters in various titles for each of the named consoles. The word "Mii" is often thought to be a portmanteau of "Wii" and "me."
History.
The first Mii characters were revealed at the Game Developers Conference in 1997. Shigeru Miyamoto first said that the Miis started out as a concept for a Famicom game, where a user could draw his face or someone else's. At the conference, Miyamoto commented the concept could not be turned into a game and the concept was shelved.
A few years later, during the Nintendo 64 era, an unsuccessful disk drive for the N64, the Nintendo 64DD, was made. Nintendo had developed a short film using Mario Artist: Talent Studio's avatar maker, which now included clothes & a built-in movie editor. After the disk drive's failure, Nintendo still had work to do on the Mii project.
The next try was for the Nintendo e-Reader. Along with the Game Boy Camera, it could build an avatar maker. Miyamoto showed another short film they made with the newer avatar maker, which was called "Stage Debut", which was shown at E3 2002.
Mii creation.
Mii characters are created and stored in the Mii Channel or the Mii Maker, which are pre-installed on the Wii and the Nintendo 3DS/Wii U consoles respectively. While the user can assign a gender, name, birthday, and favorite color to a Mii, the majority of the interface used for Mii creation focuses on the appearance of its face and head: the user is given a variety of different hairstyles, eye, nose, and mouth shapes, and other features such as facial hair or wrinkles, to select from. Most of the facial features can be further adjusted, including their size, position, color, and alignment. Accessories such as hats and glasses are also available to add, and the Mii's height and build can also be adjusted. The Mii Maker installed on the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U can use facial recognition to generate a Mii, which selects facial features based on a photograph of a person's face taken with the system's and GamePad's cameras respectively. The features can then be fine-tuned by the user. Because the selection of facial features is considered by some to be limited, users are encouraged to develop caricatures of real persons instead of accurate depictions.
Special Miis.
Nintendo periodically releases special Miis, usually during E3 or to commemorate game and franchise anniversaries. For a limited time between March 13 and March 29, 2007, Wii owners in Japan were sent Mii versions of the famous Japanese comedian Sanma Akashiya and ex-tennis player Shuzo Matsuoka. The duo had been featured in Japanese promotions for the Wii, highlighting Miis themselves. Miis of Satoru Iwata and Reggie Fils-Aime's (the presidents of Nintendo and Nintendo of America, respectively) were released on the 3DS for the 1st anniversary of the handheld console. During 2013, Nintendo released special Miis of Shigeru Miyamoto and Kensuke Tanabe, and during E3 2013, also released special Miis for Takashi Tezuka, Koichi Hayashida, Eiji Aonuma, and Hideki Konno. Their Miis feature gold pants, as opposed to a gray pair, and cannot be edited or copied. If owners transfer them to another Wii or Wii Remote, they will be removed from their original location, instead of traditionally making another copy.
Editing limitations.
It is also possible to create special Miis through the use of third-party software, but Nintendo typically will force these entrepreneurs to shut down. Sometimes when a customer has needed to return his or her Nintendo Wii for service, a replacement machine must be sent. When that happens, the Mii software recognizes it is a different system and will not allow any editing of Miis created on the original system. Nintendo, while offering to copy game data and Miis to the new machine, will not alter the Miis so that they can be edited on the replacement machine.
Wii.
Mii Channel.
The Mii Channel is the app that allows Mii creation on the Wii. It can store up to 100 Miis and Wii Remotes are also able to store and transfer up to 10 Miis to other consoles. It is also possible to see other Miis from TV shows and games.
Uses in games.
Miis are intended to be an extension of the player, and in keeping with this spirit, the user can use them in several Nintendo titles for the Wii. "Wii Sports" is perhaps the best-known example of this, and it adds a further personal touch to Miis by saving game statistics and records for individual Miis. Miis will make cameo appearances as computer controlled opponents, teammates or within the audience. Miis have been used to serve as game file icons (profiles) within several games. Often appearing as just a head for identification, this Mii has no impact on the actual gameplay other than to identify a player in another way besides name.
Miis are primarily used in games such as "Wii Sports", "Wii Play", "Wii Fit", "Wii Party", "Wii Fit Plus", "Wii Music" and "Wii Sports Resort". Players can also use their Miis, however, in other first-party games, most noticeably within ', "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games", "Mario Party 8", "Mario Kart Wii", "Mario Super Sluggers" and ' (using their Mii's head as a mask). The Japan-only Sega game "Pachinko: Sammy's Collection" is the first third-party game to incorporate Miis, while the Wii version of "FIFA Soccer 08" is first third-party game released in North America and in Europe and Australia to use the Mii Channel. Many other games, like "We Ski", and (the Wii versions of) "Guitar Hero World Tour" and "Sonic Colors" also use Miis.
While a Mii's head always remains the same, its body varies between games. For example, in "Wii Sports", the Mii's body is stylized, with spherical floating hands and bearing no arms, but in "Wii Fit" its body is designed to look more natural, and its weight will be determined by the weight the Wii Fit found of the player in Wii Fit tests. Sometimes Miis will wear outfits in context with the game. In "Mario Kart Wii", Mii racers can be dressed in jumpsuits, or Mario style overalls for males and a Peach style dress for females, in "Dr. Mario Online Rx", Miis appear in medical clothing, and in "", where they appear as bobblehead dolls, they will be dressed up in bounty hunter Samus Aran's Power Suit. In "MLB Power Pros", Miis are designed to look like regular Power Pro-kun avatar, with legs detached from the main body. In "Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party 2", the Mii's body is formed more like a regular human. This design was however, criticized by IGN's Lucas M. Thomas, who sarcastically commented that " doesn't look disturbing at all."
Everybody Votes Channel.
Miis are also incorporated in the downloadable Everybody Votes Channel, where Miis represent the voter. Up to six different Miis can be registered within the channel to use in voting. Another Mii-centric channel, the Check Mii Out Channel (also known as Mii Contest Channel in Europe), was released on November 11, 2007. Perhaps an evolution of an idea shared by Shigeru Miyamoto at the Game Developers Conference in 2007, this channel allows players to share their Miis and enter them in popularity contests. Both of these services shut down on June 28, 2013, as Nintendo shifts resources to their next-generation projects.
Check Mii Out Channel.
The Check Mii Out Channel, also known as the in Japan, Europe and Oceania, is a Wii channel that allows players to upload their Mii characters and share them with other users. There are also popularity contests, in which players design a Mii that personifies a specific idea or character and then vote on the Mii that best fits the suggestion. The channel has been available for free download on the Wii Shop Channel since November 12, 2007.
Nintendo DS.
Unlike the Wii, the Nintendo DS does not allow Mii creation in the system itself therefore it has a very limited support for Mii functionality in games.
Uses in games.
Miis can be transferred from a user's Wii to supported Nintendo DS games via the Mii Channel. A code must be entered by the user to unlock the feature. (In order, tap A, B, 1, then hold down 2 for three seconds)
The Nintendo DS game ' uses Miis to allow players to track their progress in the game. Players are also able to create Miis in-game. The DS version of ' also does it.
The Japan-only life-simulation game, "Tomodachi Collection" for the Nintendo DS also uses Miis and has a built-in Mii editor. Miis from the user's Wii's Mii Channel can be transferred to the game, and vice versa.
Nintendo 3DS.
Mii Maker.
The is the app that allows Mii creation on the Nintendo 3DS. It can each store up to 100 Mii characters. It is also possible to see other Mii characters from TV shows and games. The Mii Maker installed on the Nintendo 3DS can use facial recognition to generate a Mii, which selects facial features based on a photograph of a person's face taken with the system's cameras.
Uses in games.
Unlike the Nintendo DS, which features limited support of Mii characters, its successor the Nintendo 3DS features Miis as a standard. Similarly to the Wii's "Mii Channel", the Nintendo 3DS features its own Mii-creating application called "Mii Maker", which is more advanced than the "Mii Channel".
Mii characters can be created manually with "Mii Maker" as on the Wii's "Mii Channel", but they can also be created automatically through the use of the Nintendo 3DS's cameras. The system captures an image of a subject's face, and the application converts the image into a Mii likeness using integrated recognition software. Automated Mii character designs can be manually adjusted. Mii characters can also be imported from the Wii to the 3DS or from the 3DS to the Wii U. However, Miis cannot be sent from the 3DS to the Wii, as "Mii Maker" features an expanded selection of design parts that are not available on "Mii Channel".
The Nintendo 3DS can generate and read QR codes that represent Mii characters. QR codes and pictures of Mii characters can also be transferred to an SD card in any picture format, and be used in various ways, such as posting them on a web page. Miis on the Nintendo 3DS can also be used in conjunction with the device's Augmented Reality software - the software includes a mini-app named 'Mii Pics' which allows the user to take a photo of their Mii within a regular photo, using an augmented reality card included with the system.
The first Nintendo 3DS game to include support for Mii characters is "Pilotwings Resort". Miis obtained through StreetPass appear as non-player characters in "Nintendogs + Cats". Mii characters also appear in "Pokémon Rumble Blast", "Mario Kart 7", and in many more games.
StreetPass Mii Plaza.
A feature on the Nintendo 3DS (XL), the makes use of the handheld's StreetPass feature, which exchanges data between nearby Nintendo 3DS (XL) consoles in standby mode. As Miis are gathered in the plaza, they can be used in two minigames, Puzzle Swap and Find Mii (known as StreetPass Quest in PAL regions). In Puzzle Swap, players can exchange pieces of several jigsaw puzzle panels based on Nintendo games, in which there were initially seven, but this number increased with occasional updates. Find Mii is an RPG minigame in which players use the Miis they gathered to fight through dungeons, earning accessories for their Mii. Each Mii possesses a different type of magic depending on their color, and become more powerful if the player meets them more than once. These games can be optionally played with Play Coins, though the results are more random than with Streetpass Miis. On December 6, 2011, the feature was updated to include SpotPass functionality, as well as new puzzle panels, a sequel to Find Mii, a map showing where players met other Miis, Accomplishments and a music player.
Special Miis released by Nintendo and obtained through SpotPass can also be used in StreetPass Mii plaza. They have access to all Puzzle Swap pieces and provide a level 5 player for Find Mii.
Wii U.
Mii Maker.
The is the app that allows Mii creation on the Wii U. It can each store up to 3000 Mii characters. It is also possible to see other Mii characters from TV shows and games. The Mii Maker installed on the Wii U can use facial recognition to generate a Mii, which selects facial features based on a photograph of a person's face taken with the Wii U GamePad camera.
Uses in games.
Mii characters are set to evolve further for the Wii's successor, Wii U. In addition to previous uses on the Wii, Mii characters are being wholly integrated into the Wii U's social online network Miiverse, the WaraWara Plaza community where clusters of Mii characters crowd around the hottest games, and being depicted as personal avatars for individual Wii U players, whom have the ability for twelve separate Nintendo Network ID User accounts that can be used on a single console at a time. User accounts with Mii representatives are used for both games and apps such as Nintendo TVii. Mii characters can be transferred from the Wii and/or the Nintendo 3DS to the Wii U, in which in the latter's case transfers between consoles can occur as many times as possible, as the Wii U has its own "Mii Maker" app similar to that of the Nintendo 3DS version, where Users could transfer, create, and/or store up to 3000 Mii characters on the Wii U. Mii characters are also set to return as in-game characters for certain Wii U games, which in addition to Nintendo-published launch titles such as "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U", "New Super Mario Bros. U" and "Nintendo Land", they will be also be included in third-party titles such as "ESPN Sports Connection" and "Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed".

</doc>
<doc id="9864383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864383" title="Bruce Gordon (actor/director)">
Bruce Gordon (actor/director)

Bruce Gordon was an actor who appeared in and directed the 1919 film "The First Men in the Moon".
He was born in Johannesburg, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9864394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864394" title="Lotus 108">
Lotus 108

The Lotus Type 108 (originally known as LotusSport Pursuit Bicycle) is an Olympic individual pursuit bicycle. The revolutionary frame is an advanced aerofoil cross-section using a carbon composite monocoque. 
The use of monocoque frames for bikes is not new, but their development was improved through the work of Norfolk based designer Mike Burrows, who advanced both the design and build through utilising carbon fibre mouldings. 
Burrows' design was initially rejected by British cycling manufacturers. However, it was to be received more enthusiastically by the British Cycling Federation. The design was considered illegal by the UCI. Therefore the project was prematurely shelved in 1987. 
In 1990, the UCI revoked the ban on monocoque frames. Shortly after this, Lotus Engineering became involved in the project through a friend of Burrows who took his design to the Lotus factory. The potential was evident and Lotus’ knowledge and aptitude at using carbon fibre techniques allowed the design to finally realise its potential. By February 1992, Lotus Engineering had acquired the rights and marketed the bike as the LotusSport Bike. In addition, the design was modified and perfected through a series of wind tunnel tests, by the Lotus aerodynamics specialist Richard Hill. 
The success of this was emphasised when Bryan Steel was able to shave five seconds off his time for the two kilometre pursuit at an international race meeting in Leicester. 
The profile of Lotus and Burrows was raised at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. A new world record of 4 minutes 24.496 seconds was established as well as Chris Boardman winning the 4000m pursuit, catching World Champion Jens Lehmann in the final. The publicity of this medal, the first British cycling medal at the Olympics in 72 years, confirmed to Lotus the potential of marketing a production version. This was to become the Lotus Type 110.
Following the Olympics, the Type 108 was modified with the introduction of a set of elongated tri-bar handlebars to suit the, since banned, superman position. 
A total of fifteen Type 108s were built including one prototype in 1991, as well as three frames for use in the Olympic Games. A further eight replicas were offered for sale at £15,000 each. Of the fifteen, at least two are on display, one at the Lotus Factory at Hethel, and Boardman's hour record bike at the Museum of Liverpool. A third example is on display at the Barber Vintage Motorsports Museum, located in Birmingham, AL, USA.
Chris Boardman’s Olympic gold medal winning bike was on display at the Science Museum in South Kensington, London, in a temporary exhibition which ran from 16th March to 20th June 1993, entitled "SuperBike: An Exhibition on the Olympic Gold Medal Bicycle", and was later returned to Lotus Engineering.
The Science Museum keeps on its permanent collection the 2nd of the replicas made by Lotus Engineering (Inventory Object Number 1993-76)

</doc>
<doc id="9864400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864400" title="Sateen Jo Aastan">
Sateen Jo Aastan

Sateen Jo Aastan (Sindhi: ستين جوآستان) is located on the left bank of the Indus River near Rohri, Sindh, Pakistan.
Description.
Rohri, also known as Sateen Jo Aastan is the resting place for the Seven Female-friends. According to folklore these female friends resided here. These unmarried female-friends veiled them-selves from all males, a practice called purdah (the practice of preventing men from seeing women), which is also referred to as sattei. But for the fear of a tyrannical raja resulted in their disappearance, possibly in a cave in the side of a hill. Thus they became satti. It is probable that this folklore has its origins in the Hindu ritual of sati, an inhumane ritual where widows burnt themselves or were burnt on their dead husband's pyre.
In reality however, this is the burial place of a ruler from Sukkur, Mir Abu Al-Qasim Namkeen (961 A.H, ). The tomb complex was ordered to be built by him. It was constructed in the ochre stone similar to that used in the necroplis of Makli Hill. Inscriptions and Quranic verses in the finest Naskh script adorn the walls and interior of these structures. Rows of hujras (rooms on the ground floor) were constructed for travellers and students. The famous blue tiles of Sindh were used to enhance the aesthetic impact.
A small mosque on the upper level and the western section is profusely embellished with blue, turquoise and white tile-work. Tradition states that when the Mir completed this fine complex, he would retire to it on full moon nights with friends and courtiers and entertain them to music, mangoes, sweets, honey and watermelons. The grand remnant of a bygone era is, unfortunately, in a state of ruin though it is a popular resort for picnickers and tourists.
On one of the smaller hills that arises out of the river bank on the south has a leveled platform on which there are many carved gravestones like those on the Makli Hill at Thatta with chain ornaments and panels of Arabic quotations from the Quran. The entire space between the graves is paved and a flight of stairs leads up to the platform from the southside. Enameled tiled work is freely used on these tombs, most of which are dated 1018 to 1301 AH., that is between 1609 and 1883 AD. The principal grave is that of Mir Kasim one of the Sabzwari Shahids dated 1018 AD. This was probably the grave that sanctified the place, and the lamp post and lamp that were placed in front of it are still there; and it gives the name of Than Kasim Shah to the hill. But the name by which it is more generally known is the hill of the seven virgins.
The building on the southern side of the hill is called Satbhain, which consists of a row of shallow rooms connected externally with coloured tiles. These cells are said to have been occupied by the seven female-friends. The seven Female-Friends had taken a vow of celibacy and to never look upon the face of a man. Richard Francis Burton, however, maintains that this derivation is wrong, claiming that the correct interpretation for Sati-na-jo-Than or seat of the Satis (i.e. celibate women) is seven.

</doc>
<doc id="9864404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864404" title="The Politic">
The Politic

The Politic: The Yale College Journal of Politics is a quarterly Yale University student publication that traces its roots to 1947, when the "Yale Political Journal: A Magazine of Student Opinion" was founded. The magazine was revived in 1979 as the "Yale Political Monthly" by future political commentator and historian Robert Kagan, and known alternately as "Yale Political Magazine" for the following twenty years. In addition to Kagan, past Editors-in-Chief include Fareed Zakaria and Gideon Rose.
In the spring of 2001, inspired by undergraduates' interest in the 2000 presidential election, "The Politic" was re-launched as a quarterly magazine. Building upon Yale's rich political heritage, "The Politic" strives to inform the greater Yale community about the most important local, national, and global policy issues, as well as promote greater understanding and cooperation between academia and the world of politics. "The Politic" features articles and commentary from politicians, academics, and students.
The magazine's Diplomatic Discourse series consists of more than 100 interviews with American ambassadors. This project is now being compiled in the form of a book, which will be available in the fall of 2014.
The magazine continued to interview top personalities in 2013-14, including Robert Kagan, Lech Wadesa and Shirin Ebadi.

</doc>
<doc id="9864405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864405" title="Howard Porter (basketball)">
Howard Porter (basketball)

Howard Porter (August 31, 1948 – May 26, 2007) was an American professional basketball player. At 6'8" and 220 pounds, he played as a forward and a center.
Porter was born in Stuart, Florida, and attended Booker High School in Sarasota, Florida. The highlight of his high school career occurred in 1967, when he led Booker to the Florida Interscholastic Athletic Association Class A State Basketball Championship. Porter then played collegiately at Villanova University, where he was a three-time All-America selection. He took Villanova to the 1971 NCAA Championship Game, in which Villanova lost to UCLA 68-62. Porter was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player after scoring 25 points in the final game. However, he was later ruled ineligible for the honor because he had signed a professional contract with the Pittsburgh Condors of the American Basketball Association during the middle of his senior year. To the present day, the MOP for the 1971 Final Four is listed as "*Vacated".
Porter never played for the Condors, instead joining the NBA's Chicago Bulls in 1971. He played seven seasons in the NBA as a member of the Bulls, New York Knicks, Detroit Pistons, and New Jersey Nets. His finest professional season occurred in 1976-77, when he averaged 13.2 points and 5.9 rebounds for the Pistons.
2007 disappearance and murder.
Howard Porter, who was employed as a county probation officer, disappeared on May 18, 2007. He was found severely beaten in a Minneapolis, Minnesota alley in the early morning hours of May 19 and died on May 26 of injuries sustained during the assault.
Local police arrested a 33-year-old woman named Tanya Washington in connection with the murder. Washington was later released by police, stating that there was not enough evidence to file charges against her. On September 4, police announced that they had arrested and charged Rashad Arthur Raleigh with Porter's murder. Raleigh is now serving a life sentence for the crime.
Howard Porter is interred at Washington Park Cemetery in Orlo Vista, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9864406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864406" title="Blind in Paradise">
Blind in Paradise

Blind in Paradise was the third studio album by hard rock band Takara released in 1998 on Point Music & Saraya Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="9864419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864419" title="Ashik Kerib">
Ashik Kerib

"This article is about the short story by Lermontov. For the film directed by Sergei Parajanov see Ashik Kerib (film)."
Ashik Kerib () is a short story by Mikhail Lermontov written in 1837. Aplin describes its status as "obscure" and appearing to be an "unrevised transcription of a folk tale that was well known in slightly different versions throughout the Caucasus". Powelstock describes it as "what appears to be a transcription, in prose, of a Turkish fairy-tale".
Together with his later A Hero of Our Time, Ashik Kerib testifies to the substantial part the landscapes and traditions of the Caucasus played in Lermontov's creative consciousness. Ashik Kerib is also part of the 19th-century genre of Russian literature of Caucasus writings (produced at a time when the Russian Empire was engaged in a prolonged drive to acquire the lands south of the Caucasus Mountains).
Synopsis.
Kerib, a poor but good-hearted ashik (minstrel) living in the city of Tiflis, is in love with Magul-Megeri, the beautiful daughter of a local rich man. The feeling is mutual, but Magul-Megeri's father would prefer her to marry Kurshudbek, a rather rude but wealthier man who has long has his eye on her. Ashik Kerib makes a deal with her father: he will travel the world for seven years and earn enough wealth to be worthy of Magul-Megeri's hand. If he fails to return or returns with not enough, she will have to marry Kurshudbek.
On Ashik Kerib's way out of the city, Kurshudbek meets him on the road and they travel together for a short while, until they reach a river. There is no bridge, so Kurshudbek tells Ashik Kerib to take off his robe and swim across, he would follow close behind. As soon as Ashik Kerib is in the river, though, Kurshudbek steals his robe and rides back to Tiflis, where he goes to the house of Ashik Kerib's mother and tells her that her son has drowned in the river, offering the wet robe as proof. She weeps bitterly, but Magul-Megeri tells her not to believe Kurshudbek, it is all a trick to make her marry him. For her part, Magul-Megeri flatly refuses to marry Kurshudbek before the seven years have gone by.
Unaware of the drama unfolding back in Tiflis, Ashik Kerib wanders on, traveling from village to village, singing and playing his saz (Turkic lute) in exchange for food and shelter. Eventually he comes to the city of Khalaf, where he begins playing and singing in a tavern. In Khalaf there is a wealthy pasha who loves music, and many musicians have come to his court hoping for some rewards or gifts, but he is never satisfied with any of them and kicks each one out with no payment whatsoever. But as soon as the townsfolk hear Ashik Kerib, they all urge him to go and play for the pasha, who they say is sure to like him. Ashik Kerib is not entirely convinced, but goes and plays anyway. He sings a song in praise of his beloved Magul-Megeri, and it touches the angry pasha so deeply that he immediately agrees to take on Ashik Kerib into his own house.
In the care of the pasha of Khalaf, Ashik Kerib gets very rich. He wears the finest clothes, eats the best food, and lives comfortably and happily, with all he could ever wish for. He stays with the pasha for nearly seven years, and all but forgets his home and his beloved.
Meanwhile, back in Tiflis, Magul-Megeri is getting worried. Has her Ashik Kerib forgotten her? Or worse, has he really been killed like Kurshudbek said? She gets an idea, and goes to see the town merchant who is about to leave with the caravanserai. She gives him a golden plate from her home, one that she knows Ashik Kerib will recognize, and instructs him to show it to every man in every town he visits to see who recognizes it. He agrees, and it goes just according to plan: when he reaches Khalaf and is showing the dish around, Ashik Kerib shouts from the crowd that it is his. The merchant recognizes Ashik Kerib as well, and tells him that he'd better hurry up back to Tiflis, because the seven years are almost up and if he does not return in time, she will be given to Kurshudbek. 
Suddenly remembering everything, Ashik Kerib clutches his head in his hands with shame, and immediately gets on his horse to ride back to Tiflis. But he has only three days before the seven years are up, and it is at least three months to Tiflis. Everything looks hopeless. In despair, Ashik Kerib cries out to the heavens: "O mighty Allah! If you don't help me now, then there is nothing left for me on Earth!"
Then suddenly Ashik Kerib sees in the distance a man on a great white horse. The man calls out to him: "What is it you desire?" Ashik Kerib miserably replies that he wants to die. "Well, get down on the ground then, if that's what you want, and I'll kill you," says the man, but Ashik Kerib hesitates and decides he doesn't really want to die.
The man invites Ashik Kerib to follow along behind him, but Ashik Kerib's horse is too slow, so the man lets him sit behind him in the saddle of the great white horse. The man asks him where he needs to go, and Ashik Kerib replies that first of all he needs to make it to the town of Arzrum. So the man instructs Ashik Kerib to close his eyes, and a few seconds later when he opens them he is astonished to see that they are in Arzrum! Ashik Kerib gets curious, and tells the man that he made a mistake, and he really had to be in Kars. So again, he closes his eyes and when he opens them, finds himself in Kars.
Now Ashik Kerib is terribly ashamed of himself, throws himself down onto his knees and begs forgiveness from the mysterious man for lying, and tells him that really, he has to be in Tiflis. The man is angry, but agrees to take him finally to Tiflis.

</doc>
<doc id="9864427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864427" title="Pete McRae">
Pete McRae

Pete McRae is an American rock guitarist.
Born Robert F. McRae, Jr. in Austin, Texas in 1955, McRae and his family moved to California when he was aged ten. Pete graduated from Terra Linda High School, in Marin County, in 1973. He began serious guitar studies with Paul Miller, in Terra Linda, and with Dave Smith, in San Francisco. He went on to study with Jerry Hahn, David Creamer, and Barry Finnerty in the Bay Area. He got his first real performing experience in a Sonoma County band called Synergy (not to be confused with the Larry Fast projects under that name).
In the fall of 1976 he migrated to Los Angeles. There he performed in original and cover bands with many soon-to-be illustrious artists and musicians, and early on became a founding member of The Kats. When The Kats big record deal fizzled terribly, McRae took offers to be a "guitar-slinger for hire", and seemed to be on track for a successful session career. In fact, prior to joining The Kats, he had some national exposure touring and recording with Cory Wells, from Three Dog Night.
In 1982, disenchanted by what seemed like 'type-casting' in the work he was getting, McRae sought training and artistic growth in the Music Department at USC. There, he met and worked with Dr. Robert S. Moore, in composition, and with William Kanengiser, in guitar, for a brief period. (Dr. Moore also inspired McRae to take an interest in martial arts training, albeit from a pacifistic, meditative standpoint.) He was very pleased to be on the roster of the great Ted Greene's jazz guitar students, for a time. It was at USC that his interest in Harry Partch and a comprehensive art form including music, dance, drama, poetry, and visual design took hold, and he left school, convinced -perhaps erroneously- that the only meaningful way to continue his studies was outside the academy.
From 1984 to 1993 he resumed his "guitar-slinging" while pursuing his own songwriting, singing, and composition. In the late 1980s he finally tracked down Danlee Mitchell, who set him on the path that led to Kraig Grady, and his mentor Erv Wilson. Mr. Mitchell was kind enough, too, to loan Pete one of Harry Partch's own instruments. From c. 1988 to 1993 Pete performed all over the Los Angeles area with Kraig Grady, playing a purely acoustic music in just intonation. But it seemed like every time Kraig set down to record, Pete went on tour. So it was not until Kraig's fourth CD, The Stolen Stars, that he is actually credited as a performer.
In 1993, he returned to the Bay Area, performing and recording with Boris Dig, East Of Eden, Gary Claxton, Brandi Shearer, and Ted Savarese. It was during this period of career questioning that Pete became interested in teaching, inspired by the work of Rudolf Steiner. This led to a broadening and deepening of his interest in literature and language, as well as providing training courses in painting, drawing, sculpture, movement, and speech.
In 2000, he went again to Los Angeles, where he renewed his interests in microtonal music and instrument construction, with Kraig Grady. He also worked and trained with some of the technicians he had met as a rock performer, with an eye towards original instrument creations.
In 2001, following the death of his father, he moved back to Northern California, where he completed his undergraduate studies, with a degree in Music Education from Sonoma State University.
He is currently living and working in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he has recorded and performed with Gina Ferrera, Rented Mule, and Todd Horton's ROMP.
He has been known -from his LA days- to have worked with:
Roach and the White Boys,
Josie Cotton,
Billy Rankin,
Bobbyzio,
The Kat Club,
Connie Stevens,
Eddie Jobson (Roxy Music; Zappa),
Mr. Mister,
Peter Kingsbery (Cock Robin),
David Baerwald, and
Stan Ridgway.
He also toured with The Rembrandts, playing Cello and Mandolin and with the Tom Petty tribute band, Petty Theft.

</doc>
<doc id="9864435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864435" title="The Death of Salvador Dali">
The Death of Salvador Dali

The Death of Salvador Dalí is a short film written and directed by Delaney Bishop. The plot of this 2005 fantasy film involves Salvador Dalí consulting Sigmund Freud on how to depict madness in his artwork.
Awards.
The film won the Jury's Special Award for Excellence in Cinematography at the Aarhus Film Festival, in Denmark in 2006.
Salvador Benavides won Best Actor for his role as Salvador Dalí at the Nosotros Film Festival on August 27, 2006 in Los Angeles. Dita Von Teese won the award for Best Female Performance for her depiction of Dalí's wife Gala, at The Beverly Hills Film Festival in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9864452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864452" title="Sydney Centre for Innovation in Learning">
Sydney Centre for Innovation in Learning

The Sydney Center for Innovation in Learning (SCIL) is an activity of Northern Beaches Christian School that offers different professional and learning programs for teachers, students and the wider community and a SCIL presentation team are committed to innovation and excellence in education. SCIL has a Research and Development team who have developed innovative programs at NBCS, facilitating collaboration with tertiary institutions, research students and other schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9864469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864469" title="Martin's Point, North Carolina">
Martin's Point, North Carolina

Martin's Point is a gated community located approximately 1 mile south of the Wright Memorial Bridge in the Outer Banks of North Carolina. It is located within Dare County, near the towns of Southern Shores and Kitty Hawk.

</doc>
<doc id="9864483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864483" title="Yunesit'in">
Yunesit'in

The 'Yunesit'in are a First Nations people in the Chilcotin District of the Canadian province of British Columbia. They are a subgroup of the Tshilhqot'in people and reside around the community of Hanceville, an unincorporated settlement and Indian Reserve community on Highway 20.
Their band government is called the Stone First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="9864505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864505" title="Bruce Gordon (actor)">
Bruce Gordon (actor)

Bruce Gordon (February 1, 1916January 20, 2011) was an American actor best known for playing gangster Frank Nitti in the ABC television series "The Untouchables".
Early life.
Gordon was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. His first appearance on Broadway was in 1937 in the musical drama "The Fireman’s Flame". From 1941-1945, he played the role of Officer Klein alongside Boris Karloff in the original cast of "Arsenic and Old Lace" on Broadway. He had an "Introducing" credit in the 1949 Marx Brothers film "Love Happy".
Television.
On television, he appeared in numerous episodes of such early programs as "The Nash Airflyte Theater", "Studio One", "Justice", "Kraft Television Theatre", "Robert Montgomery Presents", "The Californians", "Whirlybirds", and "Decoy".
In 1957, he guest starred on the ABC western series "Tombstone Territory", starring Pat Conway and Richard Eastham, in the episode "Killer Without a Conscience". About this same time, he guest starred on Barry Sullivan's adventure/drama series, "Harbormaster", set in maritime New England.
In 1958, Gordon appeared in a memorable bit role as one of Jean Lafitte's pirates in Anthony Quinn's movie spectacle "The Buccaneer", alongside a cast including Yul Brynner, Charlton Heston and Claire Bloom. He had a similar role in 1960 as the character Garnett in the episode "Forbidden Island" of the NBC western television series, "Riverboat", starring Darren McGavin as the captain of the vessel, the "Enterprise". The episode focuses on Cajun outlaws who inhabit a remote island in the Mississippi River.
In the 1958–1959 season, Gordon hosted and starred in nine of the twenty-six episodes of NBC's docudrama of the Cold War, "Behind Closed Doors", based on the files and war-time experiences of Rear Admiral Ellis M. Zacharias.
Gordon appeared in the syndicated western series, "Man Without a Gun," starring Rex Reason. In 1958, he guest starred on the NBC western "Jefferson Drum" and on the same network's adventure series "Northwest Passage", with co-stars Keith Larsen and Buddy Ebsen. Gordon's role was that of a sadistic prison official. The program was based on Kenneth Roberts' 1937 novel about Major Robert Rogers and his efforts to help the British during the French and Indian War. That same year, Gordon was cast as Myers, the trigger man in the episode "The Stool Pigeon" of the syndicated series, "U.S. Marshal", starring John Bromfield.
Gordon made three guest appearances on "Perry Mason". In 1959 he played murder victim Frank Thatcher in "The Case of Paul Drake's Dilemma," for which Mason's private detective Paul Drake was accused of the crime. In 1960 he played murder victim Judson Bailey in "The Case of the Loquacious Liar," and in 1964 he played Mr. Winlock in "The Case of the Blonde Bonanza."
Gordon appeared twice in 1961 on ABC's "Adventures in Paradise", starring Gardner McKay; he was cast as Stevens in "Mr. Flotsam" and as Red Munce in "Adam San".
His subsequent frequent, energetic performances as Capone-era mobster Frank "The Enforcer" Nitti in Desilu Productions' "The Untouchables" (1959–1963) led to his being typecast as an often darkly humorous 'heavy' for the rest of his career. Often stealing scenes from the stolid, humorless Eliot Ness, as portrayed by Robert Stack, his famous catch-phrase in "The Untouchables" (directed at the victims of Nitti's wrath) was "You're dead!"
In 1959, Gordon starred, alongside Pernell Roberts, as Capt. Emil Tremaine in an episode of ABC's "" entitled "The Vision."
In 1960–1961, Gordon appeared as "Mercer" in two episodes of NBC's "Outlaws" Western series starring Barton MacLane. He was cast at that time in the NBC anthology series, "The Barbara Stanwyck Show", and in the NBC sitcom, "Car 54, Where Are You?"
In 1964, Gordon guest-starred in the episode "Between the Rats and the Finks" of CBS's drama series, "Mr. Broadway", starring Craig Stevens, with fellow guest stars Larry Hagman and Dyan Cannon.
From 1965 to 1968, Gordon appeared in several episodes of the long-running prime-time soap opera "Peyton Place" alongside actress Lee Grant as Gus Chernak, the alcoholic and vengeful father of Grant's character Stella Chernak. In 1966, Gordon costarred with trumpet player Jack Sheldon in the 16-segment CBS sitcom, "Run, Buddy, Run", about the fictitious Buddy Overstreet who is on the run from the mob after "Buddy" overhears "Mr. D", played by Gordon, plotting the murder of a fellow gangster. In 1966, he and Robert Stack appeared together in an episode of "The Lucy Show" spoofing their roles from "The Untouchables". In 1968, he played the security man in the "Sour Note" episode of "It Takes A Thief", starring Robert Wagner.
In 1978, Gordon played the nasty Colonel Waxman in Roger Corman's cult classic "Piranha", starring alongside Kevin McCarthy.
Later years.
Gordon retired from acting after playing himself in the 1989 film "Ernest Goes to Splash Mountain", though he was the executive producer of the Australian telefilm "Feds: the Betrayal" (1996) and producer of the US/Chinese fantasy martial arts film "Warriors of Virtue: the Return to Tao" in 2002. For a time, he operated a dinner-and-show restaurant in Scottsdale, Arizona, called "Frank Nitti's Place", and in the early 1980s, a pizza restaurant of the same name in Kansas City, Missouri. He greeted patrons at the door in his typical pin stripe suit with a carnation in the lapel.
In 2003, he was reportedly unable to attend the funeral of "Untouchables" co-star Robert Stack because of poor health. Eight years later, Gordon died after a lengthy illness; he was two weeks shy of his 95th birthday. At the time of his death, Gordon lived in Santa Fe, New Mexico, with his wife Marla.

</doc>
<doc id="9864519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864519" title="Edwin Jones">
Edwin Jones

Edwin Jones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9864528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864528" title="Mabel Keaton Staupers">
Mabel Keaton Staupers

Mabel Keaton Staupers (February 27, 1890 – November 29, 1989) was a pioneer in the American nursing profession. Faced with racial discrimination after graduating from nursing school, Staupers became an advocate for racial equality in the nursing profession.
Biography.
Staupers was born on February 27, 1890, in Barbados, West Indies. In 1903, at the age of thirteen, she emigrated to the United States with her parents, Pauline and Thomas Doyle. She attended Freedmen's Hospital School of Nursing in Washington, DC, where she graduated with honors. After graduation, she worked as a private duty nurse. 
Staupers fought for the inclusion of black nurses in World War II to the Army and Navy as the executive secretary of National Association of Graduate Colored Nurses (NAGCN). She wrote that "Negro nurses recognize that service to their country is a responsibility of citizenship." 
She continued fighting for the full inclusion of nurses of all races in the US military, which was granted in January 1945. In 1948, the American Nursing Association followed suit and allowed African-American nurses to become members. In 1950, Staupers dissolved the NAGCN because she believed the organization had completed its mission. In 1951, the NAACP honored Stauper with the Spingarn Medal. Mabel K. Staupers during World War II assembled support and fought to stop the usage of quotas in the military. Quotas were used in the military to restrict the number of black nurses the military hired. 
While working as a private nurse in Washington and New York, Staupers helped establish the Booker T. Washington Sanatorium. It was one of the few clinics founded to care for African Americans who had tuberculosis, at a time when other hospitals refused black medical experts privileges or staffing positions. Staupers served as Superintendent for the Booker T. Washington Sanatorium from 1920 to 1922. Staupers used her influence and management skills and became executive secretary of the Harlem Committee of the New York Tuberculosis and Health Association, a position she held for twelve years. She then in 1935 teamed up with Mary McLeod Bethune0, and they established the National Council of Negro Women.

</doc>
<doc id="9864536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864536" title="Frank B. Woodbury">
Frank B. Woodbury

Frank Bartlett Woodbury (December 27, 1867 – December 21, 1962) was a leader of and an Acting Presiding Patriarch of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), one of only three Latter-day Saints to hold this position in church history.
Born in St. George, Utah Territory, to Orin Nelson Woodbury and Ann Cannon, Woodbury served in many capacities in the Church on a local level. Some, but not all, LDS Church sources list Woodbury as "Acting Presiding Patriarch" of the Church between 1934 and 1937. However, Woodbury was never sustained to this calling in a general conference of the church and it is unknown whether he was ordained or set apart to serve in this office or calling. It is also unclear whether Woodbury was considered by the church to be a general authority. In 1937, church Apostle George F. Richards was officially called and sustained as the Acting Patriarch to the church. After his release, Woodbury served as a local stake patriarch in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Woodbury was married to Lily Druce Lambert and was the father of six children: George L., Lillian, Frank Orin, Harvey Charles, Nettie, and Melvin. Woodbury died in Salt Lake City.

</doc>
<doc id="9864592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864592" title="1983 NASCAR Budweiser Late Model Sportsman Series">
1983 NASCAR Budweiser Late Model Sportsman Series

The 1983 NASCAR Busch Grand National Series season began on February 19 and ended on October 30. Sam Ard won the championship at season's end.
Calendar.
Calendar as follows
Goody's 300.
The Goody's 300 was held February 19 at Daytona International Speedway. Sam Ard won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Eastern 150.
The Eastern 150 was held February 26 at Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway.
Top Ten Results
Coca-Cola 200.
The Coca-Cola 200 was held March 5 at North Carolina Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Mello Yello 200.
The Mello Yello 200 was held March 13 at Hickory Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Miller Time 250.
The Miller Time 250 was held March 20 at Martinsville Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Holly Farms Fried Chicken 3-99.
The Holly Farms Fried Chicken 3-99 was held April 3 at North Wilkesboro Speedway.
Top Ten Results
WDVA 200.
The WDVA 200 was held April 16 at South Boston Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Coca-Cola 200.
The Coca-Cola 200 was held April 30 at Greenville-Pickens Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Hampton Chevrolet 250.
The Hampton Chevrolet 250 was held May 7 at Langley Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Late Model Sportsman 200.
The Sportsman 200 was held May 14 at Dover Downs International Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Southeastern 150.
The Southeastern 150 was held May 21 at Bristol Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Charlotte Mello Yello 300.
The Charlotte Mello Yello 300 was held May 28 at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Earnhardt's win was the first NASCAR national series win for All Star Racing, owned by Charlotte auto dealer Rick Hendrick and car builder Robert Gee (whose daughter ironically had divorced Earnhardt; Earnhardt's younger son is the grandson of Gee).
Busch 200.
The Busch 200 was held June 4 at South Boston Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Shoney's 200.
The Shoney's 200 was held June 11 at Hickory Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
L.D. Swain & Son 200.
The L.D. Swain & Son 200 was held June 18 at Orange County Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Rose's Stores 200.
The Rose's Stores 200 was held June 25 at South Boston Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Mason Day Paving 200.
The Mason Day Paving 200 was held July 2 at Orange County Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Goody's Invitational 200.
The Goody's Invitational 200 was held July 6 at Caraway Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Mello Yello 200.
The Mello Yello 200 was held July 9 at Orange County Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Coca-Cola 200.
The Coca-Cola 200 was held July 23 at South Boston Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Goody's 200.
The Goody's 200 was held July 30 at Hickory Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Virginia 200.
The Virginia 200 was held August 6 at Langley Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Kroger NASCAR 200.
The Kroger NASCAR 200 was held August 13 at Indianapolis Raceway Park.
Top Ten Results
Dapco Auto Parts 200.
The Dapco Auto Parts 200 was held August 20 at Greenville-Pickens Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Free Service Tire Stores 150.
The Free Service Tire Stores 150 was held August 26 at Bristol Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Bobby Isaac Memorial 200.
The Bobby Isaac Memorial 200 was held September 3 at Hickory Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Darlington 250.
The Darlington 250 was held September 4 at Darlington Raceway.
Top Ten Results
NOTE: This race was run on Sunday; under South Carolina Blue Laws, the distance was 250 miles to comply with the ban on Sunday racing unless the race distance was 250 miles or greater.
Miller Time 150.
The Miller Time 150 was held September 10 at Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway.
Top Ten Results
Coca-Cola 400.
The Coca-Cola 400 was held September 11 at North Wilkesboro Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Miller High Life Invitational 300.
The Miller High Life Invitational 300 was held September 17 at South Boston Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Autumn 150.
The Autumn 150 was held September 24 at Martinsville Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Soloman Enterprises 200.
The Soloman Enterprises 200 was held October 1 at Orange County Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Miller Time 300.
The Miller Time 300 was held October 8 at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Benny Yount Chrysler-Plymouth 200.
The Benny Yount Chrysler-Plymouth 200 was held October 16 at Hickory Motor Speedway.
Top Ten Results
Cardinal 250.
The Cardinal 250 was held October 30 at Martinsville Speedway.
Top Ten Results

</doc>
<doc id="9864599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864599" title="List of United States Senators in the 89th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 89th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 89th Congress, from January 3, 1965 to January 3, 1967.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
Senators who were sworn in in the middle of the two-year congressional term (up until the last senator who was not sworn in early after winning the November 1966 election) are listed at the end of the list with no number.

</doc>
<doc id="9864602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864602" title="Honda Transalp">
Honda Transalp

The Honda Transalp is the name given to the XL400V, XL600V, XL650V, and XL700V series of dual-sport motorcycles manufactured in Japan by Honda since 1987. The Transalp bikes all feature a liquid-cooled, four-stroke 52° V-twin engine.
Indications are that this is now a discontinued model according to http://www.advrider.com/forums/showthread.php?t=832790 but it's still made at the Moto Honda da Amazônia factory in Brazil, where the 700cc version was released in 2012.
History.
The first prototype was built in 1985, as an off-road motorbike with a 500 cc engine. Further development introduced an increase to 600 cc and more road-oriented features, notably an improved fairing.
Models.
The most usual models are:
Other versions exist, such as the 400 cc version (ND-06) aimed at the Japanese market.
The first version output at 8,000 rpm, increased to for the 1989 and 1990 version. Later models returned to the original 50 hp.
From 1991, the rear drum brake was replaced by a 240 mm disc brake, with a single-piston brake caliper.
The appearance was altered in 1994: the original square lights were changed, and a new fairing was introduced.
In 1996, new 34 mm carburetors were introduced, and the CDI ignition system was replaced by a microprocessor-driven design.
The front brake was modified in 1997, introducing a second disc and reducing the diameter to 256 mm.
The weight of the Transalp increased over time, from for the first models to for the latest version.
In 2000, the XL650V Transalp replaced the XL600V, introducing the engine from the Deauville and Honda Revere. The power output increased to at 7,500 rpm, torque increased to at 5,500 rpm. A 4 mm bore diameter increase gave a 64 cc displacement increase. The shock absorbers were redesigned for road use, the exhaust system was updated, the fuel capacity increased by one litre, the control panel was redesigned, and weight diminished by .
In 2007, the XL700V Transalp was introduced, with a new 680 cc engine, which was also fitted to the NT700V Deauville, and compatible with Euro 3 emission standards. The front wheel diameter was reduced from 21-inches to 19-inches, the exhaust system was fitted with a catalytic converter, the lights were redesigned, and ABS was introduced.
The 2008 model reinforces the road orientation of the Transalp, with larger tyres, lower saddle and more road-oriented shock absorbers. The 2008 XL700V engine is a liquid-cooled, eight-valve, four-stroke, single-overhead cam, 52° V-twin.

</doc>
<doc id="9864632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864632" title="The Waking Up Laughing Tour">
The Waking Up Laughing Tour

The Waking Up Laughing Tour is the second headlining tour by American recording artist, Martina McBride. Primarily visiting the United States and Canada, the tour supported her ninth studio album, "Waking Up Laughing". The tour played over a hundred shows in 2007 and 2008, becoming one of the biggest tours by a country music artist—earning over eight million dollars and seen by over 250,000 spectators. Additionally, the tour placed 47th and 88th on Pollstar's "Top 100 Tours" in 2007 and 2008 respectively.
Background.
The tour was announced through various media outlets on January 18, 2007, as McBride was promoting "Anyway", the second single from her album. The tour marks the second time the singer has headlined a tour since her 2005 "Timeless Tour". Joining McBride on the road was Little Big Town and Rodney Atkins. Commenting on the tour, McBride stated: As exciting as it is to create a new album, there's nothing quite as thrilling as getting the immediate feedback from a live crowd. I'm especially happy about being joined by Little Big Town and Rodney Atkins. We put a lot of thought into which artists to include on this tour, and I really feel like this show is going to be a treat for my fans from beginning to end. I can't wait to get out there on the road." For the first time in the artist's career, McBride was joined on tour by her family. Her husband, John McBride was the sound engineer and her brothers Marty and Steve along with her three daughters. Although McBride competed against country music heavy hitters, Dolly Parton, Faith Hill and Tim McGraw, McBride the number one solo female country act for 2007. The success of the first leg lead to an expansion in 2008 with McBride playing arenas. This time around, McBride was joined by Lady Antebellum and Jack Ingram. The second leg saw McBride performing in Canada, her first performances since 2003. The tour received further accolades from Pollstar, becoming the 88th biggest tour in North America. The tour was expanded for a final time during the summer of 2008, with McBride playing amphitheaters and festivals in the United States. The tour ended at the Island Events Center (located at the Treasure Island Resort and Casino) in Red Wing, Minnesota with 120 performances.
Staging.
The staging for McBride's tour was one of the most state of art for a country artist. The stage was created by Atomic Design, who created the stage for the singer's Timeless Tour. The stage featured the "Mitrix module". These were several video screens that mimicked louvers. Each screen as capable of "opening" and "closing" to reveal graphics and video content. The 12 video screens were positioned about a central screening, alluding the shape of a honeycomb. McBride was the very first artist to use this technology. When the screens were not in use, they became transparent allowing light to shine through. The stage contained an proscenium arch that extended to a lifts on each side of the stage.
Broadcasts and recordings.
While on tour, McBride was ask to do a concert special for PBS. McBride previously participated in the station's Soundstage series in 2005. The concert would be a part of the Great Performances series in 2007. Filmed on September 29 at the i wireless Center in Moline, Illinois, McBride performed her standard setlist, including a performance of "Over the Rainbow". Titled "Martina McBride: Live in Concert", the special aired on PBS in March 2008 to correlate with the station's quarterly pledge drive. A CD/DVD package was released later in April 2008 including a CD with highlights of the concert along with a DVD of the full show. The album peaked at the #19 position on Billboard's Country Albums chart.
Critical reception.
Along with the tour's final success, the shows received further accolades from music critics. Timothy Finn "(The Kansas City Star)" was vowed by the premiere concert at the Kemper Arena. He comments, "McBride has earned her fame and made her fortune singing slicked-up modern country, but she is a traditionalist at heart, and she showed it resoundingly during those numbers; 'Stand By Your Man' was especially spectacular. But most of the feminine mystique came courtesy of country queen Martina McBride, the Kansas-born beauty whose crystalline vocal chords have earned her the nickname 'the Celine Dion of the CMT set.'" Brian Dugger "(The Blade)" viewed the performance at the SeaGate Convention Centre as "girl power" recalling, "But the night was mostly about McBride, who won points with the crowd by pointing out that she hasn’t been to Toledo in a while and promised that it won’t be as long for her return trip. At one point, after an extended ovation, she got a little emotional and had to take a short break until the crowd quieted down."
For the concert at the BJCC Arena, Mary Colurso "(The Birmingham News)" felt McBride gave a crowd pleasing performance. He furthers writes, "Fans expected no less. The lovely singer radiates a wholesome, friendly charm that makes her seem safe and utterly approachable -- the superstar next door, we might say. Interestingly enough, McBride was at her best while singing two vintage covers: Loretta Lynn's 'You Ain't Woman Enough" and Kris Kristofferson's 'Help Me Make It Through the Night.'" Additional acclaim continue with the concert at the Radio City Music Hall. Mac Randall "(Newsday)" answered, "McBride's voice is honey-sweet and stunningly pure, and when she leaps into her upper register and milks a note for every possible ounce of emotion—as she did on "Where Would You Be" and "A Broken Wing"—it's guaranteed to get a crowd on its feet. There's more than a little Celine Dion in those big climactic sustained notes. Although McBride began her solo career in the early '90s as a country singer, newer songs such as "How I Feel," from her latest album "Waking Up Laughing", have more in common with Benatar than Lynn."
It was McBride's range that won over Marie P. Grady "(The Republican)" during the concert at the MassMutual Center. She explains, "As McBride raised her right hand high in the air—conjuring her vocal chords to reach the sky on a song called 'Where Would You Be'—it was clear this entertainer had the vocal range to match her star billing. Van Rose "(The Times Leader)" recalls McBride's voice being the highlight of the show at the Wachovia Arena. He continues, "Besides her amazing voice, one of the things that sets McBride apart from the rest of the country music singers is that she still possesses the enthusiasm of a newcomer. She put her heart and soul into every song and seemed to be genuinely having a good time. She also showed that she hasn’t lost her sense of humor. Before singing a duet with her younger brother on 'Trying to Find a Reason', a song off her new album in which she is joined by Keith Urban, she was able to make fun of herself. 'I feel kind of weird singing with my little brother' […] It’s sort of an Angelina Jolie thing'."
As the tour began its second and final jaunt in 2008, McBride received more accolades for her concerts. Kate Darby "(Evansville Courier & Press)" thought highly of McBride for her concert at Roberts Municipal Stadium. She further comments, "The most striking thing about the performance was how different audience members reacted to her music. McBride is so natural that she seems to be addressing each person as an individual, which is a rare trait in a performer. Every person in the stadium was having an intensely personal experience while still feeding off of the energy of the people around them." Jack Leaver "(The Grand Rapids Press)" continues the vocal praise for McBride for her performance at the VanAndel Arena. He writes, "Throughout the evening, McBride gave a powerhouse vocal demonstration, her Titanic-sized voice belying her petite 5-foot-4 frame. She also exhibited a great sense of humor, such as when she introduced her cover of Kris Kristofferson's classic "Help Me Make It Through the Night," which is featured on McBride's 2005 platinum-selling album "Timeless"."
Gary Budzak "(The Columbus Dispatch)" found the performance at the Nationwide Arena to be nothing short of "moving". He states, "There were other moving songs. On 'In My Daughter's Eyes', pictures of McBride's three daughters filled the back of her stage, and many mothers and their daughters held each other as she sang. The video for 'Concrete Angel' was shown as McBride sang about a child who was beaten to death, and many an eye filled with tears. Other anthem-like songs included 'Independence Day' and 'Anyway'." For one of her first shows in Canada in years, Theresa Taylor "(Jam!)" gave McBride's show at the Pengrowth Saddledome three and a half out of five stars. She composed, "It was a diverse concert for fans who got their money's worth out of the three-act bill."
The same rating was shared by David Schmeichel "(Jam!)" for the singer's show at the MTS Centre. He explains, "Partly, the illusion could be chalked up to an abundance of female fans in the stands (and on the concourse, where the lines snaking out of the women's washrooms were at least three times as long as those for the merch tables)." Mario Tarradell "(Guide Live)" commended McBride's show at the SuperPages.com Center. He elucidates, "But Ms. McBride is always the consummate entertainer on the platform. She's comfortable, vibrant, personable and a vocalist to respect."

</doc>
<doc id="9864643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864643" title="Echinophora sibthorpiana">
Echinophora sibthorpiana

Tarhana herb or Turkish pickling herb, Echinophora sibthorpiana or "Echinophora tenuifolia" L. subsp. "sibthorpiana" (Guss.) Tutin (Turkish "çörtük"), is a herb sometimes used as a flavoring in tarhana and in pickles. It may also improve the fermentation of tarhana. (Deghirmencioghlu 2005)
The primary essential oils it contains are δ-3-carene, methyleugenol, and α-phellandrene. (Özcan 2003)
Some authors indicate that "Hippomarathrum cristatum" is the "tarhana herb".

</doc>
<doc id="9864675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864675" title="Dhorpatan">
Dhorpatan

Dhorpatan is a village in Baglung District of Nepal, nestled in a large east-west valley south of the Dhaulagiri Himalaya. It is the headquarters of Dhorpatan Hunting Reserve. There is a small community of indigenous "Kham Magar" as well as Tibetan refugees.
The enclosing valley is drained to the west by the "Uttar Ganga", tributary to the "Bheri River" which in turn joins the "Karnali". The east-west orientation of Dhorpatan Valley offers a notably -- by Himalayan standards -- easy route between the Karnali basin of western Nepal and the "Gandaki" basin in the center, over a relatively low pass on the watershed about a day's walk east of the town. This was an historic route for "Khas" migration eastward in the late Middle Ages. Ensuing political evolution led to the unification of the Kingdom of Nepal from loose confederations in the "Karnali" and "Gandaki" regions and from other confederations further east.
A seasonal STOL airstrip serves the region. Dhorpatan can be reached from "Baglung" via "Burtibang" or from "Beni" via "Myagdi Khola". "Dolpa" is a few days trek to the north around the western Dhaulagiri range. During the summer months large herds of livestock are brought north from "Rapti Zone" by "Kham Magar" to graze in surrounding pastureland. Animal husbandry, handicrafts and some tourism are the key economic activities of the people in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="9864676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864676" title="Gerd Honsik">
Gerd Honsik

Gerd Honsik (born 10 October 1941 in Vienna) is an Austrian writer and lyric poet, and a prominent Holocaust denier.
Life.
Honsik was a functionary in the Austrian "Volksbewegung" ("People's Movement"), also known as "Volksbewegung gegen Überfremdung" ("People's Movement against Foreign Infiltration") and "Ausländer-Halt-Bewegung" ("No More Foreigners Movement"), as well as in Austria's far-right NDP party. He was the founder of a militia group, the "Nationale Front", which according to its manifesto carried out activities to effect "the abolition of the system".
He has also appeared under the pseudonym "Gerhon Endsik", an anagram of the syllables of his name extended by two letters, intended to allude to the (politically charged) German term "Endsieg" ("final victory").
Honsik has been fined and sentenced to jail in several Austrian court cases due to his activities as a Holocaust denier. He evaded his most recent sentence by fleeing the country, and residing in Spain until 24 August 2007 when he was arrested in Málaga after a recent change in Spanish legislation. On the 4th of October 2007 Honsik was extradited to Austria to serve out an 18-month prison sentence stemming from a 1992 conviction for Holocaust denial. Spain had previously refused requests to extradite Honsik because Holocaust denial and neo-Nazi propaganda were not illegal in that country. Honsik was only extradited after two European-wide arrest warrants were issued at Austria's request.
While in Spain Honsik contributed to the magazine "Halt" ("Stop") at irregular intervals. The magazine publishes Holocaust-denying and anti-Semitic articles. Honsik also wrote a book, "Hitler Innocent?", in which he attempts to justify some Nazi-era crimes.
On 27 April 2009, Honsik was sentenced to five years in prison in Austria for propagating Holocaust denial, later reduced to four years. The prosecutor argued that Honsik is "one of the ideological leaders" of Europe's neo-Nazi movement and that his distribution of "hate magazines" at schools violated Austrian law. During the trial, Honsik called himself "a social democrat" and stated that he only "rejected the textbook wisdom that demonizes National Socialism" and he only denied the existence of the gas chambers used in concentration camps "wherever I had not verified the (facts) myself". At one point, Honsik began screaming and pounding his fists after the judge denied his requests to introduce evidence which the court had deemed irrelevant.
Honsik denied the charges and said he would appeal the verdict; the prosecutor stated that he also would appeal to seek a longer jail-term of up to 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9864692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864692" title="Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21st Century">
Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21st Century

The Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21st Century is a United States federal law seeking to improve airline safety. It is popularly called "AIR 21," and is also known as Public Law 106-181.
Enactment.
On 11 September 1991, Continental Express Flight 2574, an Embraer EMB 120 Brasilia carrying 14 people, crashed as it was approaching Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas, killing all 14 people on board.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigation revealed that screws had been removed from the horizontal stabilizer during maintenance the night before the accident and, following a shift change, the screws were not replaced.
NTSB cited the failure of airline maintenance and inspection personnel to adhere to proper maintenance and quality assurance procedures. The failure of Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) surveillance to detect and verify compliance with approved procedures was cited as a contributing factor.
Some months after, the same airline had a similar incident when a plane was forced to return to the airport after bolts had been removed from a wing panel. NTSB decried that even a fatal accident and an FAA NASIP inspection weren't enough to overcome what appears to have been corporate culture.
According to Meshkati (1997), the crash of Continental Express Flight 2574 was the most dramatic turning point for “safety culture” in the United States.[http://www.aviation.uiuc.edu/UnitsHFD/TechPdf/02-3.pdf] As a member of the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) at that time, Dr. John Lauber suggested that the probable cause of this accident included “The failure of Continental Express management to establish a corporate culture which encouraged and enforced adherence to approved maintenance and quality assurance procedures” (NTSB/AAR-92/04, 1992, pg. 54, as cited in Meshkati, 1997). As a result of this and other similar aviation accidents, safety culture came to the forefront as the exclusive topic at the U.S. National Summit on Transportation Safety, hosted by the NTSB in 1997.
AIR 21 was known as H.R. 1000 in 106th Congress, second session. Rep. Bud Shuster (R-Pa.) introduced it on 4 March 1999. It was enacted on 5 April 2000. Upon signing the bill into law, President Clinton stated:
This bill contains many new provisions to advance aviation safety. Of particular note is the inclusion of the "Aircraft Safety Act of 1999," which my Administration proposed to help stop the indefensible practice of manufacturing, distributing, and installing fraudulently represented, nonconforming aircraft parts. Several significant provisions to provide "whistleblower" protections to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and air industry employees, to close a potential loophole in the prosecution of hazardous materials cases, and to combat "air rage" incidents in flight, will also address real safety concerns we face today.[http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m2889/is_14_36/ai_62298765]
Safety provisions.
AIR 21 set requirements for safety equipment for specific aircraft, added consumer and employee protection provisions, and imposed new requirements for commercial air tour operations over national parks.
Title V established civil penalties for individuals who interfere with or jeopardize the safety of a cabin crew or other passengers. This provision seeks to deter "air rage."
Section 507 modified the sanction for transporting hazardous materials by removing the requirement that the person have knowledge of the regulation related to the transportation of hazardous materials. However, it permits consideration of lack of knowledge in mitigation of the penalty. This requirement is at 49 U.S.C. 46312.
Section 401 of the bill prohibited a state or local government from preventing people associated with disaster counseling services who are not licensed in that state from providing those services for up to 60 days after an aviation accident. Section 402 of the bill would expand a current preemption of state liability laws by limiting the liability of air carriers that provide information concerning flight reservations to the families of passengers involved in airline accidents. Air carriers are already provided immunity from state liability laws for providing passenger lists under these circumstances. Because neither mandate would require state or local governments to expend funds or to change their laws, CBO estimates that any costs associated with these mandates would be insignificant.
In Section 725, the act required the Federal Aviation Administration to contract with the National Academy of Sciences for an independent study of the air quality in passenger cabins.
Consumer protections.
Title II sought to improve consumer access in all regions of the United States, including those in small communities and rural and remote areas, to affordable, regularly scheduled air service.
Section 221 made it an unfair or deceptive practice for any air carrier, or ticket agent utilizing electronically transmitted tickets for air transportation to fail to notify the purchaser of such a ticket of its expiration date. It did so by amending 49 U.S.C. 41712(b).
Section 224 required airlines to file individual customer service plans with the Secretary of Transportation.
Title IV made the Death on the High Seas Act (DOHSA) inapplicable to aviation incidents, thereby broadening the circumstances under which relatives can seek compensation for the death of a family member in an aviation incident over the ocean.
AIR 21 also includes a legislative advance for air travelers with disabilities.
Financial provisions.
The Congressional Budget Office estimated that AIR 21 would result in additional outlays totaling about $56 billion over the 2000-2004 period.[http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/cpquery/1?&sid=cp106G5jeT&hd_count=2&xform_type=3&refer=&r_n=hr167p2.106&db_id=106&item=1&sel=TOC_0&]
Title I authorized the appropriation of $47.6 billion for FAA operations, facilities, and equipment for fiscal years 2000 through 2004. Title I also provided $19.2 billion in contract authority for the FAA's airport improvement program for fiscal years 2000 through 2004. It provided an additional $7.1 billion in contract authority for the airport improvement program (AIP) over the 2000-2004 period (above the $2.4 billion a year assumed in the baseline). It allowed airports to charge higher passenger facility fees.
AIR 21 took the Airport and Airway Trust Fund (AATF) off-budget and exempted AATF spending from the discretionary spending caps, pay-as-you-go procedures, and Congressional budget controls.[http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/cpquery/1?&sid=cp106G5jeT&hd_count=2&xform_type=3&refer=&r_n=hr167p2.106&db_id=106&item=1&sel=TOC_0&]
This provision was a goal of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association which sought to unlock the aviation trust fund.
Title VII extended the war risk insurance program and prohibited the FAA from charging fees for certain services. This title provided that, of the amounts appropriated for FAA operations in fiscal year 2000, $2 million may be used to eliminate a backlog of equal employment opportunity complaints at the Department of Transportation (DOT).
Employee protections.
Title VI provided whistleblower protection for employees of air carriers who notify authorities that their employer is violating a federal law relating to air carrier safety. The bill set up a complaint and investigation process within the Department of Labor (DOL). The time limit for employees to make such complaints in writing to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration is 90 days from the date of each adverse employment action.[http://www.workplacefairness.org/air21]
Public Availability of Airmen Records.
Section 715, "Public Availability of Airmen Records", allows the Federal Aviation Administration to release the names, addresses, and ratings held by nearly all pilots with a medical certificate. This includes the release of information to private businesses, including those not necessarily having any relation to aviation safety (the intent of the bill). The FAA must notify airmen of this clause via mail and notify them that they have 60 days to opt out of the inclusion of their personal information into the public record. If no action is taken within 60 days, then an opt-in is assumed.
References.
Meshkati, N. (1997, April). Human performance, organizational factors and safety culture. Paper presented on National Summit by NTSB on transportation safety. Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="9864694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864694" title="Rattaphum District">
Rattaphum District

Rattaphum () is a district ("Amphoe") of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Khuan Niang, Bang Klam and Hat Yai of Songkhla Province, Khuan Kalong of Satun Province and Pa Bon of Phatthalung Province.
History.
The district was renamed from Kamphaeng Phet to Rattaphum in 1939.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 59 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - Kamphaeng Phet covers parts of "tambon" Kamphaeng Phet, and Na Si Thong covers parts of "tambon" Khao Phra. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Khuan Niang district.

</doc>
<doc id="9864732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864732" title="National Patient Safety Agency">
National Patient Safety Agency

The National Patient Safety Agency (NPSA) was a special health authority of the National Health Service (NHS) in England. It was created to monitor patient safety incidents, including medication and prescribing error reporting, in the NHS.
Since 1 April 2005 it has also overseen safety aspects of hospital design and cleanliness, as well as food (transferred from NHS Estates). Its remit now includes safety in medical research, through the Central Office for Research Ethics Committees (COREC). It runs the National Clinical Assessment Service that deals with concerns about the performance of individual doctors and dentists. Finally, it also manages the contracts with the three confidential enquiries (NCEPOD, CEMACH and CISH). This responsibility was transferred from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE).
As well as making sure that incidents are reported in the first place, the NPSA is "aiming to promote an open and fair culture in hospitals and across the health service, encouraging doctors and other staff to report incidents and 'near misses'." In various publications it has encouraged the creation of a "no-blame culture" to encourage staff to report incidents without fear of personal reprimand and know that by sharing their experiences others will be able to learn lessons and improve patient safety. The NPSA collects and analyses information from staff and patients via a national reporting and learning system, as well as from other sources. If there is a trend of incidents, it may issue reports, recommendations and guidance to avoid repetition.
The current chief executive of the NPSA is Martin Fletcher.
On 1 June 2012, the key functions of the NPSA were transferred to the NHS Commissioning Board Special Health Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="9864745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864745" title="PING/Welch's Championship">
PING/Welch's Championship

The PING/Welch's Championship was an annual golf tournament for professional female golfers on the LPGA Tour. Founded in 1980 as the Boston Five Classic, it took place every year in the Boston, Massachusetts area from 1980 through 1997. It was played at the Ferncroft Country Club in Danvers from 1980 to 1990 and at the Blue Hill Country Club in Canton from 1991 to 1997.
The tournament has had a variety of sponsors during its history. Its last title sponsors were Ping, a brand of golf equipment and Welch's, a North American producer of fruit juices. 
Tournament names through the years: 

</doc>
<doc id="9864762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864762" title="Teletón (Mexico)">
Teletón (Mexico)

The Teletón in Mexico is an annual 24-plus-hour TV and radio broadcast, started in 1996, to raise money for children's rehabilitation centers (known as "Centro de Rehabilitación Infantil Teletón" or CRIT – "Teletón Children's Rehabilitation Center" in English) for disabled children. Mexico's proposal was due to the initiative of Fernando Landeros. The Mexican "Teletón" is produced by Televisa and more than 500 Mexican and foreign media; more than 100 commercial firms sponsor the event. The telethon's mission is "to provide knowledge about physical disabilities, giving a strong message about respect, equality and support to people in these conditions".
Since 1997, "Teletón" has begun on the first Friday in December. The 2010 "Teletón" was held on December 3–4; as always, it was seen as "a project of national unity where Mexicans have the chance to gather and work for the same cause". From 1996–2003, the end of the event was marked by a concert in Azteca Stadium. Since 2004, the venue has varied: in 2004–2005 it was held at Mexico City's Zócalo, in 2006 at the Foro Sol and in 2007–2008 it was moved to the National Auditorium.
Besides creating CRITs all around the country, the CRIT system and the "Universidad Autónoma del Estado de México" (UAEM) signed an agreement in 2000 creating two bachelors-degree programs training professionals to work with children at the CRITs, and created the "Instituto Teletón de Estudios Superiores" (ITESUR) (located next to the first CRIT constructed). ITESUR is the only university in Mexico that grants degrees in occupational and physical therapy.
From 1997 to 2004, Mexican actress and pop star Lucero was involved in every telethon as the main spokesperson for most of the broadcast, alongside different news anchor and host of other Televisa programs. In 2003, a scandal involving security guards and the press made her to have her role been downplayed, and other Televisa personalities have been included in the broadcast.
While the main reason of the Teleton is to provide help with the rehabilitation of children that suffer of different brain and mobility discapacities, in 2009 "Teletón" expanded the objectives to provide help in the treatment of children diagnosed with cancer, hence another event was conceived, "Pelonton", consisting of the people donating locks of hair in order to create wigs for those children that suffered loss hair due to cancer treatment.
CRIT locations.
The first "Teletón" was broadcast on December 12, 1997, produced by Televisa and 70 other communications media. By the end of the broadcast, its goal was surpassed. Since then, the goal has been the same amount raised the previous year, plus one Mexican peso.
As of 2007, "Teletón" had met its goal each year, producing surpluses which allowed the construction of thirteen CRITs. The location of some CRITs is chosen on a geographical basis, so that every region has at least one; the goal is to build one in every state. Others are built in areas which have "earned" them with funds raised:
Media participation.
In its first broadcast, "Teletón" (CRIT) counted the participation of 70 national meia; the TV and radio stations affiliated with Televisa made it a nationwide campaign. The 2007 broadcast had the participation of more than 500 national and international media; one exception is the other major Mexican TV network, "TV Azteca", due to a signal-distribution conflict. 2007 also marked the first time donations were received from foreign countries (from Spain, and from the Hispanic population in the United States and Canada.
Sponsors.
The "Teletón" production is supported by enterprises who also finance year-round expenses of the CRITs. There is only one sponsor for each product category.
The first broadcast had nine sponsors; by 2008 the number was 26. Some businesses which have participated are:
Teletón USA.
In 2012, Teletón, in cooperation with the Univision television network, created Teletón USA, an American charity with the same aim to help sick, disabled, and mentally-challenged children in America's Hispanic communities. Its first telethon was broadcast December 14 and 15, 2012 on the Univision network, and was hosted by famed Univision personality Don Francisco, who has hosted a similar telethon in Chile. The first edition of Teletón USA took US$8,150,625 in pledges, exceeding its initial goal of US$7 million.

</doc>
<doc id="9864779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864779" title="United States Senate Committee on the Pacific Railroad">
United States Senate Committee on the Pacific Railroad

The Senate Committee on the Pacific Railroad is a defunct committee of the United States Senate. It was first established as a select committee on July 7, 1861, to examine legislation to authorize construction of a transcontinental railroad.
This legislation formed the basis of the Pacific Railway Acts enacted in 1862, which granted a charter to the Union Pacific Railroad Company to construct the first transcontinental railroad in the United States and to provide federal support in the form of land grants and bond subsidies. The committee was made a standing committee on December 22, 1863 during the 38th United States Congress to oversee matters related to construction of the railroad. After construction was completed in 1869, the committee decreased in relevance and in 1873 when it was replaced by the Committee on Railroads.
Original Members, 38th Congress.
The standing committee consisted of nine members, each of whom were appointed to the committee on January 6, 1864. The committee's first chairman was Jacob Howard, a Republican from Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="9864780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864780" title="Institute for Law, Science and Global Security">
Institute for Law, Science and Global Security

The Institute for Law, Science and Global Security in the Department of Government at Georgetown University was established to promote teaching and research in the area of intersection between international law and international relations. The Institute sponsors undergraduate and graduate courses and runs a Master's Program in International Law and Global Security [http://lsgs.georgetown.edu/programs/maprogram/. The Institute seeks to inform the public policy debate about the nature, role and importance of international law as it connected to issues of science and global security. To this end, it sponsors a series of specific programs including the Program on Non-Proliferation Law and Policy [http://lsgs.georgetown.edu/programs/nlp/], which is jointly run with the James Martin Center of the Monterey Institute of International Studies. 
Most recently, the Institute has begun a special initiative in the area of cyber security Among the participants in this initiative have been former Director of the Central Intelligence Agency General Michael Hayden[http://explore.georgetown.edu/news/?ID=48778, Siobhan Gorman, national security correspondent of "The Wall Street Journal", and Suzanne Spaulding, former General Counsel for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Since its creation, the Institute has also sponsored events with a variety of other speakers, including Paul D. Clement, former Solicitor General of the United States, Bill Richardson, the Governor of New Mexico, Neal Katyal, Deputy Solicitor General of the United States and legal counsel to former detainee Salim Hamdan, and David H. Remes, a former partner at Covington & Burling and currently representing detainees in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps. 
The Institute was founded by Professors Christopher C. Joyner and Anthony Clark Arend, and was initially called The Institute for International Law and Politics. It is currently directed by Professor Joyner, and Professor Catherine Lotrionte serves as the Associate Director of the Institute. Amit Yoran, former Chief of the National Cyber Security Division at the Department of Homeland Security and Phillip A. Karber serve on the Board of Advisers of the Institute. From 2007 to 2009, Brendan P. Geary--currently Associate Attorney at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP--served as the Institute's William V. O'Brien Fellow.

</doc>
<doc id="9864788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864788" title="Golden Dawn (film)">
Golden Dawn (film)

Golden Dawn (1930) is a musical operetta released by Warner Brothers, photographed entirely in Technicolor, and starring Walter Woolf King and Noah Beery. The film is based on the semi-hit stage musical of the same name by Oscar Hammerstein II and Otto Harbach. Beery's extraordinarily deep bass voice registers particularly well in the songs. 
Synopsis.
The story takes place in colonial Africa, where Vivienne Segal (as Dawn), plays the part of a white girl who was kidnapped in infancy and is being brought up by a black native, played by Alice Gentle, as her own. Alice Gentle runs a canteen in the now German colonial settlement. Segal falls in love with Walter Woolf King, a British rubber planter who is now a prisoner of war. Noah Beery, who is the native black leader of the tribes in that region, is also in love with Segal and becomes extremely jealous when he heard of Segal's love for King. King, however, is sent back to Britain by the Germans for attempting to steal Segal, whom they believe is half black. Eventually, the British regain control of the territory and drive out the Germans. King returns to the colony. When the settlement experiences a drought, Beery attempts to incite the natives against Segal, claiming that their native God is angry because Segal has dared to love a white man. King is unable to save Segal because the colonial authorities refuse to act unless they have proof that Segal is one hundred percent white. Eventually Gentle confesses that she is not Segal's real mother and that her real (white) father confirms what she confessed is true and that her mother was white. King quickly brings the British troops just as the natives are about to sacrifice Segal. During the ceremony however, one of the virgin priestesses of the native God, revels that Beery has been lying about Segal. The God is not interested in Segal since she is pure white. Furthermore she reveals that Beery had violated her chastity and claims that their native God was angry because of this sacrilegious act. Beery is sacrificed to the anger of the natives and the drought quickly ends as rain pours down. In the end, Segal and King, happily reunited, sail back to England together.
Preservation.
The film survives only in a black-and-white copy made in the 1950s for television. No color footage is known to exist.
Production.
Beery was the accomplished older brother of actor Wallace Beery and comedian Lupino Lane was the uncle of actress/director Ida Lupino. Noah Beery was widely praised for his deep bass voice after he first sang in "Song of the Flame". He recorded the song "The Whip" for Brunswick Records and the recording was issued in their popular ten inch series on record number 4824.

</doc>
<doc id="9864800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864800" title="Ohio State Route 741">
Ohio State Route 741

State Route 741 (SR 741) is a north–south state highway in the southwest portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. The southern terminus of the route is at a diamond interchange with I-71 at its Exit 25 near Kings Mills, adjacent to the Kings Island Amusement Park. State Route 741’s northern terminus is at a partial interchange with I-75 at its Exit 50B in Moraine, just south of Dayton. 
Created in the late 1930s, State Route 741 passes through the counties of Warren and Montgomery. The portion of State Route 741 in Montgomery County is also called Springboro Pike.
Route description.
State Route 741's routing takes it through Warren and Montgomery Counties. No portion of the state route is included within the National Highway System, a system of routes deemed most important for the nation's economy, mobility and defense.
History.
When it was formed in 1938, State Route 741 was originally routed from its junction with U.S. Route 42 near Mason to its intersection with the former U.S. Route 25 (now Dixie Drive) near West Carrollton. By 1971, State Route 741 was extended north along Springboro Pike from Dixie Drive up to its current northern terminus at Interstate 75 in Moraine. In 1985, the highway would be lengthened again, this time on the south end. From U.S. Route 42, State Route 741 was extended south and east to Exit 25 off of I-71 near Kings Mills, which marks the route's present-day southern terminus.
On June 4, 2010, a continuous-flow intersection (CFI), the first of its kind in Ohio, was built at SR 741 and Austin Boulevard (the former Miamisburg-Springboro Pike/Austin Pike) in southern Montgomery County. The intersection was built in conjunction with the addition of a nearby interchange between I-75 and Austin Boulevard. By 2012, congestion at the new intersection had led to calls for improvements. It is a matter of dispute whether the problems were caused by faulty traffic projections, too much development around the interchange or the fact that a "two leg" CFI was built, rather than a full "four leg" CFI. There are some suggestions that a full CFI was not built in order to allow land which would have been used for right-of-way to instead be retained by developers. As of early 2012, the solution to the traffic problems was also a matter of debate.

</doc>
<doc id="9864879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864879" title="David Burke (author)">
David Burke (author)

David Burke is the author of over 100 products and books on how to use and understand slang and idioms in different languages.

</doc>
<doc id="9864900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864900" title="1864 in Ireland">
1864 in Ireland

Events from the year 1864 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9864904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864904" title="Chiksaura Bazar">
Chiksaura Bazar

Chiksaura Bazar is a small village cum market in Hilsa, Nalanda District, in Bihar State in India.
It is situated about eight km west of Hilsa city, and is connected to Hilsa by a good road. It is surrounded by green land. It is a centre place of about 4 km radius . People from about 25 villages come here for marketing purposes. There are many shops in Chiksaura Bazar. Almost all household things are available in the bazar including vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="9864912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864912" title="Irv Maze">
Irv Maze

Irvin G. "Irv" Maze is a Kentucky Court of Appeals judge, former Circuit Court Judge in Jefferson County, Kentucky (Louisville) and previously elected to three terms as County Attorney for Jefferson County.
Maze graduated from Indiana University in 1972 and University of Louisville Brandeis School of Law in 1975. He and his wife Peggy have 5 children.
Prior to being elected Jefferson County Attorney, Maze was elected to multiple terms to the Jefferson County Fiscal Court before Louisville and Jefferson County were merged in 2002.
In winning his first term as Jefferson County Attorney, Maze defeated Republican nominee Steve Pence, who later served as Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky (2003–2007).
In 2007, Maze ran for Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky as the running mate of Jonathan Miller; however, they dropped out of the race prior to the primary election and endorsed eventual general election winner Steve Beshear.
Maze won re-election to a third term as Jefferson County Attorney in 2006. In 2008 he was appointed to a vacant judgeship on the Jefferson Circuit Court. In 2012, Maze was appointed to the Kentucky Court of Appeals.

</doc>
<doc id="9864946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864946" title="Zero (Spanish magazine)">
Zero (Spanish magazine)

Zero was a Spanish gay magazine. It was published monthly and features opinion, gay news, articles, interviews and tourism. Some months, the magazines features also the ZDM (fashion), Cuídate (men care), Decora (decoration) and Destino (tourism) supplements.
In 2007 it costs 4,95 € in Spain, it can also be found in Portugal, Greece, Andorra, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Switzerland and Belgium.
"Zero" started as a free gay magazine in Madrid until 1998 when it became a national magazine with monthly issues. Celebrities who have appeared in the cover include José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero (Spanish prime minister), Jesús Vázquez (a famous Spanish television host) and Jake Shears. The last issue appeared in July 2009 and attempts to continue publication were abandoned in November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9864947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864947" title="Terra Firma (band)">
Terra Firma (band)

Terra Firma is a Swedish stoner metal band which was formed by Fredrik Lindgren after leaving Unleashed and with Lord Chritus a.k.a. Christian Lindersson, who used to sing in the Swedish band Count Raven and Los Angeles based band Saint Vitus. Terra Firma would later break up and Fredrik would start a new band called Harms Way. Terra Firma also featured the band members Izmo Hedlund on Drums and Nico Moosebeach
on bass who would later move onto Entombed. The band recorded 2 full length albums, a couple of vinyl singles and appeared on a couple of compilation CDs and split 7" vinyl. Terra Firma played some gigs in Sweden and did some European tours with band such as Atomic Bitchwax, Cathedral, Orange Goblin, Dozer, Masters of Reality, Blackshine, Dismember, Murder Squad, Entombed and Mammoth Volume.

</doc>
<doc id="9864971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864971" title="Planorbarius corneus">
Planorbarius corneus

Planorbarius corneus, common name the great ramshorn, is a relatively large species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails, or planorbids, which all have sinistral or left-coiling shells.
The shell of this species appears to be dextral in coiling, even though it is in fact sinistral or left-handed.
Description.
For terms see gastropod shell.
The 10-17 x 22-40 mm. coiled shell has 3 - 4.5 rounded whorls with deep sutures, the last whorl predominating. The upper side is weakly depressed and the lower side is deeply depressed (flattened on the underside but spire recessed on the upper side).There is no keel.The shell is light yellowish with a brown, reddish or greenish periostracum, radially and spirally weakly striated. The aperture is wide and almost circular.The animal is brown or reddish.
Distribution.
The native range of this pond snail is from Europe to central Asia.
Description.
All species within family Planorbidae have sinistral shells.
Habitat.
This large planorbid is found in water which is still, or only moving slowly, where there is a good growth of many different kinds of pond weeds, and where there are high levels of calcium dissolved in the water.
"Planorbarius corneus" under high temperatures has been studied by Kartavykh & Podkovkin (2002).
Reproduction.
Reproduction in spring and autumn at water temperatures above 15 °C, eggs (diameter 1.2-1.7 mm) are laid in mostly elongate capsules of 8–15 mm width, each strain containing 12-40 eggs, fixed to aquatic plants, embryos are reddish with transparent shells, juveniles hatch after 14–16 days, life span up to 3 years. Self-fertilization is possible, one single released animal can establish a stable population, but only 5% of the juveniles in self-fertilized eggs will hatch.
Parasites.
This species of snail functions as a host for several parasite species:

</doc>
<doc id="9864976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9864976" title="ConceptGCC">
ConceptGCC

ConceptGCC is a fork of the GNU C++ compiler that implements a preliminary version of the type concepts feature, originally planned for the last ISO standard for the C++ programming language C++11, at that time known as C++0x. Concepts were removed from C++11 in July 2009. Developed by a team led by Douglas Gregor (co-author, along with Bjarne Stroustrup, of the C++11 concepts proposal (N2081)) at the Open Systems Laboratory at Indiana University, ConceptGCC serves as the current reference implementation for the proposal. Both the proposal and ConceptGCC are actively evolving, and are maintained more-or-less in parallel. The current version of ConceptGCC is considered an alpha release, and as such should be considered highly experimental.
The version of C++ implemented by ConceptGCC is known as ConceptC++. Until (or unless) the concepts proposal is included in the finalized new standard, ConceptC++ must be considered an experimental extension to standard C++. As the new standard solidifies, it is planned that the ConceptGCC extensions will be merged back into mainline GCC, initially (for GCC 4.3) as an optionally enabled extension, and then eventually as part of its implementation of standard C++.
In addition to type concepts, ConceptGCC also incorporates GCC patches implementing several other planned C++11 features, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9865010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865010" title="Sri Lanka FA Cup">
Sri Lanka FA Cup

The Sri Lanka FA Cup is Sri Lanka's premier knockout tournament in men's football (soccer).

</doc>
<doc id="9865047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865047" title="KC Concepcion">
KC Concepcion

KC Concepcion (born Maria Kristina Cassandra Cuneta Concepcion Pangilinan on April 7, 1985) is an actress and singer from the Philippines who is currently a National Ambassador Against Hunger of the UN's World Food Programme.
Biography.
Personal life.
Concepcion is the daughter of Philippine singer-actress Sharon Cuneta and adopted daughter of Former Senator Francis Pangilinan. Her biological father was 80's heartthrob Gabby Concepcion. She was estranged from her father for thirteen years following her parents annulment and his immigration to the United States in 1995. 
She graduated grade school in Poveda. In 2003, she graduated from the International School Manila, and in 2007, graduated with a bachelor's degree in International Corporate Communications with a minor in Theatre Arts from the American University of Paris. 
Career.
Concepcion made several guest appearances in her mother's concerts and television shows. In 2003, she became a product endorser both on television and in print ads. She also became an MTV Asia VJ.
The April 11, 2010 episode of "The Buzz" announced that Concepcion had been chosen to be the replacement co-host after Ruffa Gutierrez's departure.
In her 2010 studio album, titled "KC", she sings "Girl Most Likely To" by Skye Sweetnam from the soundtrack of Mattel's 2006 movie "The Barbie Diaries".
In 2010, Concepcion joined Star Magic, but after a year, she left Star Magic and joined Viva Artists Agency, a talent management of Viva Entertainment, where her mother Ms. Cuneta came from.
In 2013, Concepcion Also Main Cast in TV Series Huwag Ka Lang Mawawala with Lead Cast Ms. Judy Ann Santos and Sam Milby
Music.
2008-2009: "a.k.a Cassandra".
In 2008, KC Concepcion released her first studio album on July 15, 2008 entitled "a.k.a Cassandra", on the Sony BMG Philippines label, which ranked number 1 based on total album sales in all Odyssey Record Bar branches nationwide. In fact, 1,102 copies of the album were sold in all Odyssey branches alone. KC Concepcion made Philippine music history with her lead single "Imposible" during that year. KC has the most number of music downloads in the Philippines in the same year, which marked 1 million downloads online. KC Concepcion thought that she would just perform her newest single, "Doo Be Doo", on the noontime TV show Wowowee on ABS-CBN Channel 2 on November 15, 2008. However, she was surprised when she was given a Platinum Record Award for her album "a.k.a. Cassandra".
2010-2011: "KC".
In, 2010 KC released her Second Studio Album entitled KC, KC ranked number 3 based on OPM charts, in Astrovision Stores the album KC reached number 1. "KC" was launched on ASAP XV. "KC" was released on March 24, 2010, under the Sony Music label. she also set KC Mall Tour to promote KC album.

</doc>
<doc id="9865059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865059" title="Full Impact Pro">
Full Impact Pro

Full Impact Pro (FIP) Wrestling is an American professional wrestling promotion. Their shows air live and video on demand on http://www.wwnlive.com and are then sold as DVDs. Full Impact Pro was the sister promotion of Ring of Honor until 2009. It is currently part of the World Wrestling Network (WWN) along with Dragon Gate USA, Evolve (professional wrestling) and SHINE Wrestling. After a brief hiatus, FIP returned to running events regularly in Florida February 1, 2013 with FIP presents "Everything Burns" live from The Orpheum in Ybor City, FL. It was announced that starting with Evolve (professional wrestling) 25 on January 10, 2014, all WWN iPPVs would stream in full HD.
Triple Crown.
In FIP a Triple Crown winner is someone who has held every title in Full Impact Pro.

</doc>
<doc id="9865069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865069" title="ARM11">
ARM11

ARM11 is a family of ARM architecture 32-bit RISC microprocessor cores.
Overview.
The ARM11 microarchitecture (announced 29 April 2002) introduced the ARMv6 architectural additions which had been announced in October 2001. These include SIMD media instructions, multiprocessor support and a new cache architecture. The implementation included a significantly improved instruction processing pipeline, compared to previous ARM9 or ARM10 families, and is used in smartphones from Apple, Nokia, and others. The initial ARM11 core (ARM1136) was released to licensees in October 2002.
The ARM11 family are currently the only ARMv6-architecture cores. There are however ARMv6-M cores (Cortex-M0 and Cortex-M1), addressing microcontroller applications; ARM11 cores target more demanding applications.
Differences from ARM9.
In terms of instruction set, the ARM11 builds on the preceding ARM9 generation. It incorporates all ARM926EJ-S features and adds the ARMv6 instructions for media support (SIMD) and accelerating IRQ response.
Microarchitecture improvements in ARM11 cores include:
JTAG debug support (for halting, stepping, breakpoints, and watchpoints) was simplified. The EmbeddedICE module was replaced with an interface which became part of the ARMv7 architecture. The hardware tracing modules (ETM and ETB) are compatible, but updated, versions of those used in the ARM9. In particular, trace semantics were updated to address parallel instruction execution and data transfers.
ARM makes an effort to promote good Verilog coding styles and techniques. This ensures semantically rigorous designs, preserving identical semantics throughout the chip design flow, which included extensive use of formal verification techniques. Without such attention, integrating an ARM11 with third party designs could risk exposing hard-to-find latent bugs. Due to ARM cores being integrated into many different designs, using a variety of logic synthesis tools and chip manufacturing processes, the impact of its register-transfer level (RTL) quality is magnified many times. The ARM11 generation focused more on synthesis than previous generations, making such concerns be more of an issue.
Cores.
There are four ARM11 cores: 
Products.
Amazon.com
Apple Inc.
Aluratek
Alcatel
Commtiva
GeeksPhone
HTC
Janam
Huawei
LG
Micromax
Microsoft
Motorola
Nintendo
Nokia
Ouku
Palm
Raspberry Pi Foundation
Ritroid T1
Roku
Samsung
Smart Devices
Sony Ericsson
Videocon
Zeebo
ZTE
Documentation.
The amount of documentation for all ARM chips is daunting, especially for newcomers. The documentation for microcontrollers from past decades would easily be inclusive in a single document, but as chips have evolved so has the documentation grown. The total documentation is especially hard to grasp for all ARM chips since it consists of documents from the IC manufacturer and documents from CPU core designer. (ARM Holdings).
A typical top-down documentation tree is: high-level marketing slides, datasheet for the exact physical chip, a detailed reference manual that describes common peripherals and other aspects of physical chips within the same series, reference manual for the exact ARM core processor within the chip, reference manual for the ARM architecture of the core which includes detailed description of all instruction sets.
IC manufacturer has additional documents, including: evaluation board user manuals, application notes, getting started with development software, software library documents, errata, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="9865082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865082" title="My Magazine">
My Magazine

My Magazine was a British magazine for children of the 1910s and 1920s. It was published by Amalgamated Press, and had articles on science, technology, geography, and current events. Until 1915 it published under the name "The Children's Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="9865091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865091" title="Stan Lai">
Stan Lai

Stan Lai or Lai Sheng-chuan (, born 25 October 1954) is a highly influential award-winning US born Taiwan based playwright and theater director, also known for his award-winning feature films, known for "Secret Love in Peach Blossom Land". He has been described by the BBC as “probably the best Chinese language playwright and director in the world.”
Life.
Lai was born on 26 October 1954 in Washington D.C., where his father was serving in the Republic of China's Embassy. He returned to Taiwan in 1966. In 1976, Lai was graduate from Fu Jen Catholic University.In 1978, Lai married Ding Nai-chu (丁乃竺). After the marriage, the couple went to US for further studies. The couple have two daughters: Stephanie, an actress, and Celeste Lai, an animator.
He received his Ph.D. in Dramatic Art from University of California, Berkeley in 1983. He is also Professor and Founding Dean of the College of Theatre at Taipei National University of the Arts. In 1984, Lai and Ding founded Performance Workshop (表演工作坊), a contemporary theatre group that has become one of the most celebrated in the Chinese world. Lai became the Artistic Director while Ding is the Managing Director. Their work has revitalized theatre in Taiwan and had deep influence on the current theatre in mainland China.
Lai had been the recipient of Taiwan’s highest award for the arts, the National Arts Award, twice - 1988 and 2001, among many other awards, including being inducted into the Chinese Theatre Hall of Fame in 2007. His films have won international awards at Berlin, Tokyo and Singapore. In 2010, he was chosen by "Newsweek China" as Man of the Year in the field of Culture. In 2011, he received the Grand Cordon, Order of Brilliant Star from the Presidential Office, the highest civilian decoration for Taiwan.
In 2006 and 2007, Lai taught at Stanford University as Visiting Professor and Resident Artist for the I.D.A. program. In 2013 he lectured at Berkeley as Avenali Fellow and Artist in Residence.
A prolific author of 30 original performed plays to date, Lai was also director for the 2009 Summer Deaflympics, in charge of organizing the opening and closing ceremonies which were held in Taipei in September 2009.
Works.
Stan Lai's plays have been described as "The pinnacle of our era of theatre." (The Beijing News) Since 1984, his over 30 original plays have continually pioneered the way toward new horizons in modern Chinese theatre. China’s prominent literary critic Yu Qiuyu says that Lai’s work “always has the ability to touch the heartstrings of countless audiences.”
Lai's most famous works includes "That Evening, We Performed Crosstalk" (1985), which revived the dying art of "Crosstalk" in Taiwan; "The Village" (2008), described by the "China Times" as "a collectible treasure for our generation"; the 8 hour epic "A Dream Like A Dream" (2000), described by prominent theatre critic Raymond Zhou as "a major milestone in Chinese theater, possibly the greatest Chinese-language play since time immemorial"; and perhaps his best known play Secret Love in Peach Blossom Land (1986), described by the New York Times as "may be the most popular contemporary play in China…by the end, the audience is left to contemplate the burdens of memory, history, longing, love and the power of theater itself." Unauthorized productions of the play in China alone number over an astounding 1,000 performances. In 2007, Lai directed his own English translation of the play at Stanford University.
Lai's “crosstalk” (xiangsheng) plays, starting with the groundbreaking "That Evening, We Performed Crosstalk" (1985) have virtually forged a new theatrical genre. These hugely popular works have resuscitated the dying traditional performing art form of Xiangsheng. His epic 8 hour "A Dream Like A Dream" (2000) “may be the most cosmic piece of theater in the Chinese-language canon," revealing Buddhist and universal themes of suffering and recurring life cycles in a unique performance format devised by Lai that places the audience in the center of the space, with performance surrounding audience.
Lai remains a significant cultural bridge between Taiwan and China, and his influence on contemporary Chinese culture continues to grow. Aside from his creative base in Taipei, Lai has been commissioned to create new works in Hong Kong, Singapore, and Beijing. In 2009 Lai was also chief director of the Deaflympics Opening and Closing Ceremonies held in Taipei, which received high acclaim for their aesthetic beauty and representation of the deaf spirit. The Far Eastern Economic Review describes his work as "the most exciting theatre in the Chinese-speaking world." Newsweek calls it "the most recent piece of evidence that Taiwan is creating the boldest Chinese art in Asia today." International Herald Tribune says "His work is never one dimensional or linear, there are always layers to it." In 2013, Lai served as the Artistic Director of the Inauagural Wuzhen Theatre Festival in the scenic water town of Wuzhen, China. "A Dream Like A Dream" opened the festival.
Lai's main tool for playwriting is his use of improvisation in collaboration with the actors, which include many of the most respected names of the time. This is a method he learned from his mentor Shireen Strooker of the Amsterdam Werkteater, and he is one of the world's foremost exponents of using improvisation as a creative tool. His 30 plays are widely varied in style and reflect on the individuality of each project he undertakes, as well as the uniqueness of each cast he works with.
Lai has also written and directed two widely acclaimed feature films, "The Peach Blossom Land" (1992) and "The Red Lotus Society" (1994). The former received top prizes at the Berlin, Tokyo, and Singapore international film festivals. His improvisational experiment in television, "All In the Family are Humans" (1995–97), was a surprising alternative hit on Taiwan TV and ran for 600 episodes. Lai occasionally directs the works of others, including the Chinese language premiere of Angels in America, Part I, which he translated. He has also directed innovative versions of Mozart’s operas Don Giovanni, Cosi fan tutte and Figaro, all set in Chinese backgrounds, in collaboration with Taiwan’s National Symphony Orchestra. In 2009 Lai created the acclaimed Opening and Closing Ceremonies for the international Deaflympics Games in Taipei.
In 2007, Lai became a best-selling author in Taiwan and China with his book on creativity called Stan Lai On Creativity (Chinese Lai Shengchuan de Chuangyixue), based on a course on Creativity he taught at Stanford University. This book has gained a reputation in business as well as artistic readers as a unique take on how one can train in creativity. His plays have been published in numerous Chinese editions in both Taiwan and China, as well as in English versions from Oxford and Columbia University Press.
Plays, Writer and Director.
Note: Lai's plays are often written in collaboration with his actors over a process of creative rehearsals which he initiates, structures and supervises, and is responsible for writing of the final script. Credit to collaborative members is given in each individual house program.

</doc>
<doc id="9865092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865092" title="Maldives FA Cup">
Maldives FA Cup

The Maldives FA Cup is Maldives's premier knockout tournament in men's football (soccer).
Previous winners.
Previous winners are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9865100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865100" title="1824 in Ireland">
1824 in Ireland

Events from the year 1824 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9865105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865105" title="Kizimkazi">
Kizimkazi

Kizimkazi - officially Kizimkazi Mkunguni, but also known as Kizimkazi Mtendeni - is a fishing village on the southern coast of Zanzibar, Tanzania, and was once a walled city. It is situated three miles southeast of the Kizimkazi Mosque (which is located in Kizimkazi Dimbani, commonly known just as Dimbani). In recent years, Kizimkazi has become a major tourist attraction, as daily boat tours are organized to bring visitors off shore to watch bottlenose dolphins and swim with them.

</doc>
<doc id="9865115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865115" title="Gyraulus crista">
Gyraulus crista

Gyraulus crista, commonly called the Nautilus ramshorn, is a minute species of freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Synonyms:
Subspecies:
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is Holarctic, and includes:
Habitat.
This snail lives on water plants in freshwater.
Shell description.
The minute shell is nearly planispiral in its coiling, but the spire is actually considerably sunken rather than raised (which is usually the case with gastropods). 
The shell has regular transverse ridges which form points extending beyond the main curve of the periphery of the shell.
The shell color is a translucent yellowy-brown. The maximum shell dimension is about 3 mm.
Life habits.
This minute species, although technically a pulmonate gastropod, does not use air for respiration but instead absorbs oxygen through its mantle cavity which is full of water.

</doc>
<doc id="9865127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865127" title="Opus 100">
Opus 100

Opus 100 is Isaac Asimov's one hundredth book. It was published by Houghton Mifflin on 16 October 1969. Asimov chose to celebrate the publication of his hundredth book by writing about his previous 99 books, including excerpts from short stories and novels, as well as nonfiction articles and books. "Opus 100" also includes five complete science fiction stories and one complete science essay.
Contents.
Introduction
Part 1. Astronomy
Part 2. Robots
Part 3. Mathematics
Part 4. Physics
Part 5. Chemistry
Part 6. Biology
Part 7. Words
Part 8. History
Part 9. The Bible
Part 10. Short Shorts
Part 11. Humor
Appendix: My Hundred Books
Reception.
Algis Budrys gave "Opus 100" a mixed review, saying "the book as a whole demands so many shifts of personality and attitude in the reader that no one, not even Asimov, could keep up with them comfortably."

</doc>
<doc id="9865150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865150" title="Kelsey-Woodlawn, Saskatoon">
Kelsey-Woodlawn, Saskatoon

Kelsey-Woodlawn is a combination of industrial park nestled between the North West Industrial SDA and the Central Industrial of down town Saskatoon. It is still serviced by the CNR rail lines to both the north and east. There are two older neighbourhoods, one still survives near SIAST - Kelsey institute on Idylwyld Drive North, and the other is the "McVicar Addition" near the Woodlawn Cemetery. According to MLS data, the average sale price of a home as of 2013 was $232,279.
Location.
Within the Lawson Suburban Development Area (West Side), the neighbourhood of Kelsey-Woodlawn reaches as far north as the north industrial area bearing 40A Street as its northern perimeter. The CNR train track marks the eastern boundary at Warman Road, thus encompassing the Woodlawn Cemetery. The southern most road within Kelsey-Woodlawn is 33rd Street East, and the western edge includes all the places along Idylwyld Drive. Most homes were built prior to the 1960s with no new construction virtually after 1980 at all and the main tenants would be students attending SIAST on 33rd Street and Idylwyld Drive.
Layout.
Along the Woodlawn Cemetery is a small neighborhood known as the "McVicar Addition" The other residential community in the Kelsey Woodlawn subidivision are those who reside in the places which branch off Idylwyld Drive. These places are named after governors general of Canada.
Throughout the remainder of the area, the streets are numerically numbered from 33rd Street and continue north to 40 A Street. The avenues are named after the provinces of Canada.
History.
The Wood Lawn Cemetery is the only active municipal cemetery within city limits. It replaced the first cemetery - Nutana Pioneer Cemetery in 1910.
Next of Kin Memorial Avenue is bedecked with many planted trees honoring those who gave the ultimate sacrifice in war engagements. This Road of Remembrance was designated in 1993 as a National Historic Site.
Shopping.
Within Kelsey-Woodlawn are industrial areas interspersed with the residential areas. The business and industrial areas stem off the Central Business District Warehouse area. The CNR rail yards were first located down town, and there are still CPR spur lines throughout the Kelsey Woodlawn Subdivision. Shopping is available at several various strip malls along Idylwyld Drive North, Quebec Avenue and 33rd Street East.
Transportation.
Idylwyld Drive has had many titles: Avenue A, (Highway 11 and most currently Louis Riel Trail. It is a main thoroughfare through the city connecting Regina, Saskatoon and Prince Albert, Saskatchewan. It also connects west Saskatoon with the bedroom communities of Warman and Martensville
City Transit.
Kelsey-Woodlawn serviced by City Transit Bus Routes Saskatoon Transit.

</doc>
<doc id="9865153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865153" title="Ram press (food)">
Ram press (food)

A ram press is a device or machine commonly used to press items with a mechanical ram, such as with a plunger, piston, force pump, or hydraulic ram. In food preparation, there are various kinds of ram presses:
The "fruit ram press" and "cider ram press" are both types of fruit presses that extract the juices out of the fruit through pressure. The second makes apple cider.
An "oil seed ram press" is also known as an "oil ram press" and it extracts the oil out of oil seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="9865192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865192" title="St. Mary Church of the Holy Belt">
St. Mary Church of the Holy Belt

Saint Mary Church of the Holy Belt (; "") is a historical Syriac Orthodox Church in Homs, Syria. The church is built over an underground church dating back to 50 AD. It is the seat of the Syriac Orthodox archbishopric. The church contains a venerated relic that is supposed to be a section of the belt of Mary mother of Jesus. This is the Syriac church's equivalent of the Cincture of the Theotokos of the Greek Orthodox Church, now in Vatopedi Monastery, Mount Athos, and the Catholic Girdle of Thomas in Prato Cathedral in Italy. All are related to the same legend of the Virgin Mary giving the Apostle Thomas her belt as proof of the Dormition of the Theotokos (Assumption of Mary for the Catholic Church).
The church was used as a shield by the opposition armed groups during the 2011-2012 Syrian unrest, and was damaged during confrontations between the armed opposition and the security forces.
Later confrontations caused extensive damage to the exterior of the church.

</doc>
<doc id="9865222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865222" title="SV Germania Schöneiche">
SV Germania Schöneiche

SV Germania Schöneiche is a German association football club from Schöneiche in Brandenburg.
History.
After reunification in 1990 the club was re-christened "SV Germania Schöneiche" and in the mid-90s the footballers began to show signs of improvement beginning with an advance out of the Berzirksliga Brandenburg (VII) into the Landesliga Brandenburg/Nord (VI) in 1997. Two years later they won promotion to the Verbandsliga Brandenburg (VI) where they would compete for the next seven years until capturing the division title in 2006 and moving up to the Oberliga Nordost/Nord (V).
"Schöneiche" captured the Brandenburg Pokal (Brandenburg Cup) in 2004 and subsequently took part in the opening round of the 2004–05 German Cup competition going out 1:2 to 2.Bundesliga club "1860 Munich". In 2009 Schöneiche again cam into the final, but lost the match in the own stadium against SV Babelsberg 03 with 0–1.
Stadium.
The club plays its home matches in the Jahnstadion Schöneiche which has a capacity of 2,000. Its 2004 German Cup first round match was played in the larger Alten Försterei stadium of "1. FC Union Berlin".

</doc>
<doc id="9865232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865232" title="Great Mosque of al-Nuri (Homs)">
Great Mosque of al-Nuri (Homs)

The Great Mosque of al-Nuri () also called al-Nouri Mosque, is a mosque in Homs, Syria. It is situated off ash-Shouhada street, adjacent to the city's historical roofed "souks" ("markets").
History.
Originally, under the Roman Empire, the Great Mosque was the site of the city's pagan temple for the sun god ("El-Gabal"). The temple gained Emesa (Homs) prominence in the region as an important center of paganism and one of its priests, Elagabalus, became Emperor of Rome. El-Gabal's temple was paid tribute by Aurelian after he attributed his victory of Zenobia to the deity. 
When Homs became a part of the Byzantine Empire, the temple was converted into a church dedicated to Saint John the Baptist. After the city was conquered by the Muslims, one-fourth or half of the church was transformed into the Friday Mosque ("Jama'a Masjid") of Homs. According to numerous Muslim geographers who visited the city throughout the centuries of Islamic rule, a talisman made of white stone stood over the gate of the mosque facing the church. It depicted an image of man whose lower body was that of a scorpion, and local tradition claimed that if a man was stung by a scorpion, he should take clay, press it on the image, then dissolve the clay in water and drink it. Afterward, pain from the sting would cease and he would quickly recover. 
In 1154, Muslim geographer al-Idrisi wrote that the mosque was "one of the largest of all the cities of Syria". During the reign of Nur ad-Din the Zengid sultan, between 1146 and 1174, much of the modern structure was built and thus the name "al-Nuri" was attributed to him. The Great Mosque has since undergone extensive modifications over the centuries.
Architecture.
The body structure of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri is large and rectangular and inside the mosque is courtyard of the same shape. The courtyard includes a raised terrace along the wall, possibly representing a part of the podium on which the "cella" of the pagan temple would have stood. Other independent structures in the courtyard include a heavily decorated basalt basin, perhaps being an old sarcophagus. Columns with Corinthian capitals line the wall, some of which are clearly of Roman origin. The "mihrab" ("pulpit") of the mosque contains remnants of mosaics in its arch. The main entrance to the mosque is arched, decorated with black and white stone, and carved with Arabic inscriptions on either side.

</doc>
<doc id="9865248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865248" title="Squadrone Volante">
Squadrone Volante

The Squadrone Volante (""Flying Squad"") was a 17th-century group of independent and liberal cardinals within the College of Cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church. It attempted to influence the outcome of a number of papal conclaves.
History.
The papal conclave of 1644 to elect Pope Urban VIII's successor had been a matter of divided loyalties. Many of the cardinals created by Pope Urban VIII had formed a faction loyal to the Kingdom of France, controlled by Urban's Cardinal-Nephew, Antonio Barberini. Others had formed a faction loyal to the Kingdom of Spain. French envoy Cardinal Mazarin had not arrived in time to exercise France's "jus exclusivae" and Innocent, an ally of Spain, was elected.
At the death of Pope Innocent X, the College of Cardinals came together for the papal conclave of 1655. While Pope Urban's Barberini nephews and supporters still pushed for Giulio Cesare Sacchetti to be elected, Innocent had created a large number of cardinals; some with loyalties to Spain, others with no loyalty to any particular monarchy. Many of these cardinals refused to support the Barberini. Making matters worse, Urban's reign (only 11 years earlier) had been famous for its rampant nepotism, much of which had benefited those same nephews. Innocent's reign had been little better and so cardinals were inclined to elect a pope who would bring repute back to the papacy.
At the same time, Innocent's third and final Cardinal-Nephew, Camillo Astalli, had fallen into disrepute. Though he remained a Cardinal and would participate in the conclave, he did not control the College in the same way as the Barberini had tried to control the previous conclave.
And so the conclave of 1655 began with the Spanish still opposed to Sacchetti, the French still opposed to anyone nominated by those loyal to Spain and no-one to control the cardinals. As a result the cardinals entered the conclave with an unprecedented level of independence.
A group of cardinals, led by Cardinal Decio Azzolino, began to further the view within the College that it was time for a pope who would lead the church away from the nepotism which had caused the church considerable suffering over the preceding decades. Azzolino was also the representative of the very-much-in-fashion Christina, Queen of Sweden. The group called themselves the Flying Squad; "Squadrone Volante".
Conclave of 1655.
The conclave of 1655 was straightforward enough - the cardinals wanted an end to nepotism and the "Squadrone" could provide exactly that. Cardinal Pietro Ottoboni (later elected Pope Alexander VIII), is said to have exclaimed, ""this time we must seek an honest man!"". Azzolino gave his reply; ""If you want an honest man, there stands one"" and pointed to Cardinal Fabio Chigi.
With no better a suggestion to be found, the College elected Chigi who took the papal throne as Pope Alexander VII.
Conclave of 1667.
Still protected by Christina of Sweden and led by her now-favourite Azzolino, the "Squadrone" continued to operate during Pope Alexander's reign and remained highly involved in European politics in the second half of the 17th century.
In 1667, Alexander died and the College of Cardinals again convened for the papal conclave of 1667. 
By then, the "Squadrone" had developed a good working relationship with those cardinals who remained loyal to the French. While still independent, the "Squadrone" engineered the nomination of Giulio Rospigliosi by the French who was acceptable to the leader of the Spanish faction, Cardinal Ernst von Harrach.
Rospigliosi was elected and took the throne as Pope Clement IX.
Adding further credence to the alleged involvement of the "Squadrone", Rospigliosi, who was Cardinal Secretary of State, resigned the post and appointed Cardinal Azzolino as his replacement on the very night he was elected.

</doc>
<doc id="9865255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865255" title="Federation Cup (Bangladesh)">
Federation Cup (Bangladesh)

Federation Cup, previously called in full Bangladesh Federation Cup, is Bangladesh's premier knockout competition in men's association football. The competition started in 1980 and is run by the Bangladesh Football Federation which is responsible for all types of competitive matches in the country. The teams from the country's premier league and other clubs compete in the tournament while occasionally Indian sides were invited in the past. Most of the matches are played in the country's main football venue Bangabandhu National Stadium.
Format.
A total of 16 teams participate in the final round. The top 10 teams from the Bangladesh Premier League directly take part in the final round while the other six teams are qualified out of 11 teams from preliminary round competitions in which the teams are split into three groups.
In the final round the teams are split into four groups. Two teams from each group qualify for the knockout rounds.
Cup winners and finalists.
The clubs that were winners and runners-up of the previous tournaments are listed. 
In 1990, 1992, 1993, 1996, 1998, 2004, 2006 and 2007 no competitions were held.
Sponsorship.
The tournament is currently sponsored by Walton. Below is a list of sponsors: 

</doc>
<doc id="9865261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865261" title="Lenox Hill Neighborhood House">
Lenox Hill Neighborhood House

Lenox Hill Neighborhood House (the “Neighborhood House”) is a multi-service community-based organization that serves people in need on the East Side of Manhattan and on Roosevelt Island. Founded in 1894 as a free kindergarten for the children of indigent immigrants and as one of the first settlement houses in the nation, Lenox Hill Neighborhood House is the oldest and largest provider of social, legal and educational services on Manhattan’s Upper East Side. Each year, they assist more than 20,000 individuals and families who range in age from 3 to 103, represent dozens of races, ethnicities and countries of origin and "live, work, go to school or access services" on the East Side from 14th Street to 143rd Street and on Roosevelt Island. Their clients include indigent families and the working poor who live in the East Side's housing projects and tenements or who travel to the Upper East Side to work in low-wage jobs such as cashiers, housekeepers, nannies and laborers; 10,000 seniors; and hundreds of mentally ill homeless and formerly homeless adults. They have five locations between 54th and 102nd Streets, offer programs at dozens of East Side locations and their headquarters is located on East 70th Street.
The Neighborhood House has served the community for 120 years and has eight departments (Adult Education, Children and Family Services, Fitness & Aquatics, Food Services, Homeless and Housing Services, Legal Advocacy, Older Adult Services and Visual and Performing Arts), more than 20 different programs, nearly 200 staff and over 700 regular volunteers. Their mission is to help those in need who live, work, or go to school on Manhattan’s East Side and to improve the quality of life for all individuals and families in their community. They define need broadly to include economic, social, emotional, and physical need, but give priority to those in economic need.
Foundation.
The Neighborhood House was founded in 1894 as a free kindergarten for the children of immigrants living and working on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. As the community has grown and diversified over the last 120 years, so has the Neighborhood House. It has long been a center of community activism and leadership addressing such issues as affordable housing, poor working conditions, health care, hunger, childcare, poverty, unemployment, homelessness, juvenile delinquency, crime prevention, and long-term care for older adults. In addition to creating New York City's first tenants' rights group, the Neighborhood House helped organize New York City's first "Meals on Wheels" program, first government-funded social adult day care program, and helped create a continuum of care for homeless people in New York City. The Neighborhood House was profiled as “Agency of the Month” by the New York Nonprofit Press.
Programs.
Adult Education.
The Neighborhood House offers classes in English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) that provides adults with practical and enjoyable learning experiences. Students gain skills that enrich their lives and improve their careers.
Children & Family Services.
Lenox Hill Neighborhood House’s Children & Family Services Program offers approximately 400 low-income families each year a comprehensive educational experience where children learn, grow and develop in a nurturing environment. The Early Childhood Center is a year-round program that ensures that children can attend the Neighborhood House from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., five days a week, 12 months a year. Their rich curriculum includes computers, field trips, art and music activities, outdoor play and swimming. In 2012, the Early Childhood Center was re-accredited by the National Association for the Education of Young Children (NAEYC).
The RealArts Education Program serves 60 low-income children (ages 5 through 13) throughout the academic year, operating from 3 p.m. – 6 p.m. and on full days during school holidays. With a strong emphasis on arts education and aquatics, RealArts offers age appropriate activities in dance, drama, music, visual art and swimming. During the summer months, the program transforms into the RealArts Summer Camp.
Fitness & Aquatics.
The Neighborhood House operates a Fitness and Aquatics Center with state-of-the-art equipment and an indoor heated swimming pool. Memberships are available to community members. Swimming instruction is part of the curriculum for all pre-school and school-age children. Their gym is a neighborhood resource: a number of special fitness activities are targeted at older adults and their gym is used by several neighborhood schools.
Food Services.
Their Food Services staff prepare and serve more than 350,000 meals a year to older adults, children and homeless and formerly homeless adults.
The Lenox Hill Neighborhood House Community Supported Agriculture program began in 2009. CSAs are partnerships between regional farmers and consumers to get fresh produce directly from the farms into NYC communities. The Lenox Hill Neighborhood House CSA has partnered with GrowNYC again for the 2014 season, which runs from June through early November. The CSA's goals are to serve the Neighborhood House's clients and the Upper East Side community and to support local sustainable agriculture in New York. Our relationship with GrowNYC allows us to provide our very low-income clients with affordable high quality fresh fruits and vegetables at a very discounted price. The Neighborhood House also lead initiatives to incorporate these individuals into our CSA model, such as offering nutrition/cooking workshops to teach them how to cook, store and preserve the delicious vegetables in their CSA shares.
Homeless and Housing Services.
Through the Homeless and Housing Services Department, the Neighborhood House provides a comprehensive network of programs and services to homeless and formerly homeless men and women each year to help them gain independence and stability. 
The Department provides support to more than 500 homeless men and women each year who are homeless, formerly homeless, or threatened with eviction and life on the streets. The Department’s programs include: an 80-bed women’s mental health shelter serving women age 45 and over who are mentally ill; a supportive housing residence with apartments for 54 formerly homeless adults who are mentally ill; and the East Side Homeless Network, a collaboration with two other New York City non-profits, Neighborhood Coalition for Shelter and Yorkville Common Pantry, which coordinates services from outreach to transitional housing to employment for homeless men and women.
Legal Advocacy.
The Legal Advocacy Department provides direct legal assistance and representation to hundreds of Neighborhood House clients in multiple legal areas including housing, family law, government benefits and health insurance and integrates civil legal representation and education into the continuum of services and care for all clients in need. This integration of general legal services into social service and educational programs is the first of its kind in a New York City community-based, multi-service organization. The Legal Department utilizes a model multidisciplinary approach with lawyers, social workers, educators and advocates working together to meet the diverse legal and social service needs of clients. The Department consists of five attorneys and two non-attorney advocates. The Department also works with several "pro bono" attorneys (including members of the Neighborhood House's Board of Directors) and law school interns.
Older Adult Services.
The Neighborhood House’s Older Adult Services Department serves more than 10,000 seniors throughout Manhattan each year. The majority of these older adults are low-income individuals on fixed incomes. The programs currently include two filled-to-capacity senior centers (i.e., with a combined membership of over 7,000), seven-day-a-week transportation services, support for family caregivers and their frail elderly loved ones, financial and case management services through the East Side Case Management Consortium which Lenox Hill Neighborhood House leads with The Carter Burden Center for the Aging and Search and Care as partners, social adult day care for cognitively frail elders through the CARE Program, legal advocacy, visual and performing arts, outings to cultural events, and computer education.
Visual & Performing Arts.
The Visual and Performing Arts Department integrates arts instruction including visual art, creative movement, music and drama and performance into most of the Neighborhood House’s programs. They strive to increase participation in and access to the arts for all of the people that they serve. In addition to arts instruction and performance throughout their programs, they present art performances to the entire East Side community, free of charge, through their Community Theatre and Second Sundays performance series. The Department also runs the RealArts Education Program and RealArts Summer Camp.
Volunteer Program.
Lenox Hill Neighborhood House has 700 active volunteers who provide critical support to their programs and operations. Opportunities for volunteers include serving meals and leading workshops at their two Senior Centers, assisting students in the Computer Center, running activity groups at the Women’s Mental Health Shelter, assisting with classroom activities in the Early Childhood Center and helping recent immigrants practice their English.
Affiliations.
Lenox Hill Neighborhood House is a member of United Neighborhood Houses of New York City, the Council of Senior Centers and Services of New York City, the Supportive Housing Network of New York City, the Day Care Council of New York City, the Council on Homeless Services and Policies of New York City, the Human Services Council of New York City, the Coalition of Behavioral Health Agencies and the Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="9865265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865265" title="Alden Roche">
Alden Roche

Alden Roche (born April 9, 1945 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former defensive end who played nine seasons in the National Football League. Roche attended Southern University.

</doc>
<doc id="9865269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865269" title="Planorbis planorbis">
Planorbis planorbis

Planorbis planorbis is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Description.
This species, like all planorbids, has a sinistral shell. The width of the shell is 15 – 20 mm. The keel on the periphery of the shell is near the edge closest to the spire side, which is carried downwards in life.
Distribution.
This species is not listed in the IUCN red list - not evaluated (NE)
Ecology.
The habitat of this species is bodies of freshwater.

</doc>
<doc id="9865271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865271" title="El Muerto (disambiguation)">
El Muerto (disambiguation)

El Muerto is a Spanish term that translates as ""The Dead One"". It may refer to:
In film:
In comics:
Other:
Music:

</doc>
<doc id="9865283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865283" title="Gareth (disambiguation)">
Gareth (disambiguation)

Gareth is a Knight of the Round Table in Arthurian legend.
Gareth (given name), gives the history and meaning of the name.

</doc>
<doc id="9865295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865295" title="Kirkman Finlay">
Kirkman Finlay

Kirkman Finlay (April 1773 – 4 March 1842) was one of the leading merchants in Glasgow, Scotland. He was Lord Provost of Glasgow and Member of Parliament.
Life.
Kirkman Finlay was born in the Gallowgate, the second son of well known Glasgow merchant and textile manufacturer James Finlay (1727–1790). Upon his father's death in 1790 he became head of James Finlay & Company, manufacturers and East India merchants. He made strenuous efforts to capture lucrative Asian markets, successfully challenging the supremacy of the British East India Company in trade with India and the Far East. Under his leadership the business expanded, moving into cotton manufacturing with the purchase of the Ballindalloch Works in 1798, the Catrine Mills in 1801 and the Deanston Mills in 1806.. They became the largest textile concern in Scotland and the first British merchant to trade directly with India (1816).
Whilst developing James Finlay & Co. into the leading merchant firm of its time he also led a very active public life. He was Governor of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, President of the Glasgow Chamber of Commerce eight times, Dean of Guild, Lord Provost of Glasgow (1812), Member of Parliament (1812–1820). A marble statue by John Gibson (1790–1866) is in the vestibule of the Merchants' House on George Square.
His opinions, especially on mercantile questions, were listened to when he was in the House of Commons, and quoted there when he had left it; always a busy man, he still found time for much public and charitable work – he was a liberal and a kindly man, and his word was as good as his bond.
Described as “a political economist of an advanced type”, his knowledge of banking was considerable. He was an extraordinary director of The Royal Bank of Scotland from 1821 until his death in 1842, and made his presence felt in many matters of importance in Scotland at that time. He was part of the abortive scheme to raise a joint-stock bank in Glasgow around 1793, he agitated for the retention of the Scottish one pound note in 1826 (appearing before the House of Commons Committee on Promissory notes in Scotland and Ireland), and was also active in opposing the changes to factory conditions in 1833.
Finlay's financial success demonstrated the central importance of cotton textiles in Glasgow's domestic economy and he deserves a place on the roll of those who have helped to make Glasgow.
He built Castle Toward on the Cowal peninsula as his country home.
Finlay was educated at the Glasgow Grammar School and briefly studied at the University of Glasgow and was elected its Rector in 1819. In 1820, unfounded rumours spread around the university that he was building up a motion to disallow student voting at rectorial elections. In the resulting student campaign Finlay was defeated in the re-election by Francis Jeffrey. He however later served as Dean of Faculties between 1839 and 1840.
Finlay's nephew George Finlay was a noted historian and philhellene.

</doc>
<doc id="9865300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865300" title="Stiltsville">
Stiltsville

Stiltsville is a group of wood stilt houses located one mile south of Cape Florida on sand banks of the Safety Valve on the edge of Biscayne Bay in Miami-Dade County, Florida. The structures stand on wood or reinforced concrete pilings, generally ten feet above the shallow water which varies from one to three feet deep at low tide.
History.
Most sources claim the first stilt shack was built in the early 1930s, but some Dade County historians say that there were a dozen shacks in "the flats" as early as 1922.
Crawfish Eddie.
"Crawfish" Eddie Walker built a shack on stilts above the water in 1933, toward the end of the prohibition era, allegedly to facilitate gambling, which was legal at one mile offshore. Crawfish Eddie sold bait and beer from his shack and was known for a dish he called "chilau", a crawfish chowder made with crawfish he caught under his shack. Thomas Grady and Leo Edward, two of Eddie's fishing buddies, built their own shack in 1937. Shipwrecking and channel dredging brought many people to the area and more shacks were constructed, some by boating and fishing clubs. Local newspapers called the area "the shacks" and "shack colony". Crawfish Eddie's original shack was destroyed by the late season Hurricane King of 1950.
Calvert Club.
The first social club built at Stiltsville was constructed during the late 1930s and named the Calvert Club. The Miami Beach Rod & Reel Club was organized in 1929 and held its first official outing at the Stiltsville Calvert Club in August, 1938. A club picture was taken in front of the club, which was popular enough to have picture postcards printed with its image.
Quarterdeck Club.
In 1940, Commodore Edward Turner built a large house on a barge and pilings near Crawfish Eddie's and named it the "Quarterdeck Club". When it opened in November, membership cost $150 by invitation only and the club became one of the most popular spots in Miami. The club's popularity grew after an article about the club appeared in "Life" magazine on February 10, 1941. The article noted that this was an 
"extraordinary American community dedicated solely to sunlight, salt water and the well-being of the human spirit". The club was described as "a $100,000 play-palace equipped with bar, lounge, bridge deck, dining room and dock slips for yachts".
The local newspapers began running stories and photographs of parties with celebrities. The Quarterdeck Club was viewed by tourists as a "must see" attraction at Miami Beach, Florida.
Rumors of gambling persisted, and the club was raided in 1949, but no evidence of gambling was found. Businessman Walter Freeman purchased the club in 1950 and envisioned it as a high class operation. The structure was renovated and expanded, only to be heavily damaged by Hurricane King late in the season. Dejected and broke, Freeman sold what remained.
The club was rebuilt, but never regained the popularity of its early years. Hurricane Donna in 1960 damaged most of the structures in Stiltsville, including the Quarterdeck Club, then the building was completely destroyed by a fire in 1961 that burned all the way to the pilings. The rumor was that the owner's wife set fire to the club after a jealous fit. Karl Mongelluzzo, the last owner of the Quarterdeck Club, was denied a building permit in 1967.
Party Central.
Stiltsville may not have looked like much, but in the 1940s and 1950s, it was the place where lawyers, bankers, politicians, and other moneyed, well-connected Miamians came to drink, relax and kick back. Law enforcement periodically visited the area, looking for vice activities.
Florida's Governor LeRoy Collins (1955-1961) was a frequent visitor during the 1950s, a guest of Jimmy Ellenburg at his house in the flats. Ellenburg established his barge near Crawfish Eddie in 1939 and was known as the unofficial mayor of Stiltsville. A handwritten note from the Governor to his host read:
"Jimmy Ellenburg, When the time comes when I say so long to this life, I hope the great beyond seems alot like your cabin in the sea - Roy Collins"
From the 1950s to the 1960s, Stiltsville's style matured from ramshackle to lodge, some with architectural styles, including the "A-frame" house; the Leshaw House, with its distinctive Mansard roof; and the uniquely shaped Baldwin, Sessions & Shaw House, which was featured in a national ad campaign for Pittsburgh Paints. These three houses, as well as the Ellenburg house, were among the seven buildings included in the 2003 Stiltsville Trust. Nearly all of the structures included full wrap-around porches. At its peak in 1960, there were 27 buildings.
Miami Springs Power Boat Club.
In the late 1950s, twelve blue collar workers in the Miami Springs Power Boat Club purchased a sunken barge for $1, re-floated it and towed it to Stiltsville, where they grounded it on a mud flat and built a structure and docks for use by their club. Hurricane Betsy did considerable damage to the barge in 1965, so club members invested in concrete pilings, which still remain in place. Thousands have visited the "Springs House" over the years, including Boy Scout troops and Optimist Clubs. Several television commercials have been filmed there, also. It was one of the seven remaining structures named in the Stiltsville Trust of 2003.
Bikini Club.
In 1962, a businessman/scam artist named Harry Churchville, also known as "Pierre", grounded a 150-foot yacht named, ""Jeff"" in the mud flats of Stiltsville and turned the boat into a social club. Alcoholic beverages were offered for sale, with free drinks to women wearing bikinis. There was a sun deck for nude sunbathing and staterooms could be rented for any purpose. The 
Bikini Club was raided by the Florida Beverage Commission in the summer of 1965 and closed down for selling liquor without a license. On September 8, 1965, Hurricane Betsy destroyed most of Stiltsville and severely damaged the boats upon which the Bikini Club was based. In 1966, what remained of the Bikini Club burned to the waterline.
The May, 1967 edition of Argosy magazine featured a picture story titled, "BIKINIS ON STILTS", written by Ward Kennedy. The introductory quote stated: 
"Off Key Biscayne is a renegade village on stilts where weekend residents live by their own laws. Their town hall is a floating Bikini Club that swings both day and night."
The irony was that by the time the story was published, the Bikini Club had been gone for over a year.
Radio tower.
Radio station WRIZ constructed a radio transmission tower in Stiltsville in 1967. It became radio station WRHC in 1985 and used the Stiltsville tower for daytime broadcasting at 10,000 watts on 1550-AM, until the site was decommissioned in approximately 1990.
Regulation.
Stiltsville's frontier era ended with Hurricane Betsy in 1965. Beginning in August, 1965, the state of Florida required building owners to pay $100 annually to lease their quarter-acre circular "campsites." No permits for new construction were issued, and structures that sustained more than 50% damage could not be rebuilt. Building codes were implemented and the state banned commercial operations after 1969. 
Big changes.
In 1976, the state renewed leases for $300 annually, but included an expiration date of July 1, 1999. A clause in the lease stated that structures remaining after that date would be removed at owner's expense.
Congress expanded the Biscayne National Park boundaries in June, 1980, bringing the area containing Stiltsville within the Park. The state of Florida deeded the submerged lands in the expansion area to the United States in 1985. The Park Service agreed to honor the terms of the existing leases, so nothing really changed. 
At the beginning of 1992, there were 14 "campsites" with structures present at Stiltsville. After Hurricane Andrew struck on August 24, 1992, only seven buildings survived and were still standing by July 1, 1999.
Deadlines.
As the lease termination date approached, the leaseholders requested renewals. In the mid-1990s the park service told leaseholders it lacked the authority to renew leases and suggested they pursue a listing on the National Register of Historic Places. Several preservation groups took up the cause, but Stiltsville twice failed to earn National Register status, primarily because the surviving houses weren't 50 years old.
Dr. Paul George, historian for the Historical Museum of Southern Florida explained the significance of Stiltsville: 
"It really is an only-in-Miami kind of thing. It had an aura, a rascally mischievous past. But it was also just a place people could go to enjoy getting away. It would be a terrible loss."
Life Magazine featured another article on Stiltsville, 57 years after the original. The November, 1998 issue included an article entitled, STILTSVILLE: The residents of a fading Florida community make a stand to save it. Jason Fulford was credited for the photography.".
Petition.
In a last-ditch effort, a petition drive was started: 
The response from the community was overwhelming. More than 75,000 people asked that Stiltsville be spared, and the park service reversed their decision. In August, 2000, the Park Service announced the approval of a Stiltsville amendment to the 1983 General Management Plan for the Biscayne National Park.
Under the revised plan, the houses would not be demolished and the existing leases would be extended while a preservation plan was developed.
Stiltsville Trust.
A non-profit organization called the "Stiltsville Trust" was established in 2003 and included the seven remaining leaseholders, called "caretakers", and eight members of the community. In addition to raising funds, their goal was to preserve and rehabilitate the structures to help showcase the park's marine resources with support for educational and interpretive services. Possible uses included community meeting space, a visitor center, research facilities, an artist in residence program and a satellite National Park Service office in the northern part of the park. 
The park service added hurricane strapping to protect the structures from wind damage in major storms. Caretakers still perform basic maintenance on their former weekend retreats, but the Stiltsville buildings are owned by the National Park Service and have been secured and posted with no trespassing signs. Access to the buildings by non-trust members is by permission of the park's superintendent.
The Park Service hopes the Stiltsville Trust will alleviate one of Biscayne National Park's problems: the facility is 95% water and essentially inaccessible to non-boaters. According to park superintendent Linda Canzanelli, 
"A lot of people hear about Biscayne National Park because of Stiltsville. It can be a wonderful educational tool if we can get people out there so we can talk about the local history and marine environment."
Seven remaining houses.
A - Jimmy Ellenburg house<br>
B - A-frame house<br>
C - Baldwin, Sessions & Shaw house<br>
D - Leshaw house<br>
E - Bay Chateau<br>
F - Hicks house<br>
G - Miami Springs Power Boat Club
Media use.
Stiltsville has been the setting for scenes in the Les Standiford novel, "Done Deal"; three Carl Hiaasen novels: "Skin Tight", "Stormy Weather" and "Skinny Dip", the 
Susanna Daniel novel, "Stiltsville: a Novel"; several episodes of "Miami Vice" (1984-89) and "Sea Hunt" (1958-61); the film "Around the World Under the Sea" (1966), the made-for-TV adventure-pilot, "The Fantastic Seven" (1979), "Absence of Malice" (1981), and the 2003 film "Bad Boys II".
Stiltsville was feature in a 2011 episode of the show "The Layover".

</doc>
<doc id="9865306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865306" title="Isaac Andreyevich Chatzkin">
Isaac Andreyevich Chatzkin

Isaac Andreyevich Chatzkin (born 1832, died at Odessa June, 1902) was a Russian Jewish physician. He settled in Odessa in 1869, and practised there for more than thirty years. In 1870 he became a member of the Medical Society of Odessa and a corresponding member of the Medical Society of Kherson. Chatzkin distinguished himself by several literary productions. In 1858 his letters on physiology appeared in "The Russian Messenger". He published, besides, Russian translations of the "Introduction to Medical Science," by Professor Lebert, and Rudolf Virchow's "Cellular Pathology."

</doc>
<doc id="9865329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865329" title="Kyla Tyson">
Kyla Tyson

Kyla Tyson is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama "Holby City", portrayed by actress Rakie Ayola. She appeared from 7 February 2006 to 9 December 2008, from the series eight episode "I'll Be Back" to the series eleven episode "Sweet Bitter Love". Ayola had made a former minor appearance in the show several years prior to being cast as Kyla, and was later asked to return in a more permanent role. She departed from the show after becoming pregnant with her second child.
Kyla is a nurse and single mother, constantly trying to balance her career, her child and her love life. Her storylines see her subjected to domestic abuse by her husband, temporarily lose her son to foster care and become an alcoholic. After getting her life back on track, she departs from Holby, moving to Ghana with her partner Abra Durant (Adrian Edmondson).
In August 2006, Ayola was shortlisted for the "Female Performance in TV" award at the fourth Screen Nation Awards for her portrayal of Kyla, and was granted "Honourable Mention" in the same category the following year. However, the character has also been criticised for the dramaticism of her storylines, and the manner in which they reflect upon real NHS nurses.
Development.
Casting.
Prior to being cast as Kyla, Rakie Ayola had made former appearances in both "Holby City" and its sister show "Casualty" - in the former as a patient, in series five, episode 32 "By Any Other Name", and the latter as a patient's relative, in series 13, episode 19, "Trapped". She was approached about returning to "Holby City" in a more permanent role by BBC casting director Julie Harkin, who was also responsible for casting fellow "Holby City" newcomers Luke Roberts as Joseph Byrne and Tom Chambers as Sam Strachan. After a series of three meetings, two years after the birth of her first child, she agreed readily, despite being "nervous about signing such a long contract", and having claimed just sixteen months previously that she had no desire to work in any long running serial - lambasting the quality of long-term recurring characters by stating: "I watch lots of soaps and love watching them but I often think how frustrating it must be when they make a character into such an idiot. I think it would drive me mad to pick up a script and think, 'Who am I kissing now?'" 
Ayola has since explained that her change of heart stemmed from becoming a mother. In the early years of her marriage to fellow actor Adam Smethurst the couple struggled financially, and with the added expense of the birth of their daughter, Ayola had been on the verge of giving up her acting career to begin a business franchise. On joining the cast of "Holby City", she disclosed: "I've been someone who's loved the uncertainty of acting. I've loved that one month it's "Sahara" in Morocco and the next I'm doing a stage play, then it's a six-part telly thing. But last summer I started thinking it would be really nice not to have to look for a job every couple of weeks. It would be nice just to stay put for a while. If I'm going to be a working mum I'd rather just be one rather than be one intermittently. And then "Holby" came along, so I'm very grateful."
Ayola signed a three-year contract to play Kyla, which expired in October 2008. It was announced on 11 October 2008 that she would be departing from the show in order to have a second child. Ayola said of her decision to leave: "It's strange but sad at the same time. I've had a great time and I'll miss it. I made the decision purely because I was pregnant, but I wasn't really ready to put down the character of Kyla. I'm very sorry to have to let her go".
Personality.
Upon announcing the character's arrival, BBC Publicity described Kyla as a "survivor", someone who had "been through a lot in her life, firstly losing out on her dream career as a runner and then escaping a violent marriage." It was stated: "Kyla is compassionate, feisty, gives others the benefit of the doubt, strong and loyal - but you wouldn't want to cross her. Kyla has a habit of picking the wrong men, she's inflexible once she's made her mind up and can be volatile if pushed. She has come to Holby with her son Max eager to start anew."
From May 2007 onwards, the character was portrayed as increasingly emotionally unstable, having had "her whole world crash down around her", following storylines including the death of her husband, and her son's request to be taken into foster care. As this emotional instability continued and worsened with the abrupt ending of another relationship, the character was seen to develop full blown alcoholism. Series producer Diana Kyle said of the storyline: "It's important we cover topics that are relevant today. Every day, people in the medical profession deal with patients who have drink or drug problems. Plus, the fact that some of the Holby staff are also suffering with these addictions is very pertinent to hospitals in real life." Speaking of Kyla's struggle to deal with her addiction, she added: "She'll work so hard to get her life together. She has a long way to go, but hopefully there's a light at the end of the tunnel..."
Discussing the storyline which saw Kyla's Alcoholics Anonymous companion Stuart McElroy (Conor Mullen) violently attack her colleague, Ward Sister Chrissie Williams (Tina Hobley), Ayola has stated: "It makes her finally accept what Stuart was capable of. She sees this huge gash and feels that all her instincts about other people are wrong – so she ends up running off. [...] has no excuses – all she can think is that she’s really messed up and needs to leave." This plot strand saw Kyla once more resort to drinking while at work, and decide to quit her job, only to be talked out of doing so by Nursing Consultant Mark Williams (Robert Powell). Ayola explained: "He suggests she takes a demotion, so she’ll have less to worry about and more time to deal with her problems. It's the lifeline she needs, because her work is all she has right now. I think if Kyla did leave, she’d end up simply going home and buying loads of cheap booze." When asked if Kyla would be able to overcome her addiction and regain custody of her son, Ayola responded: "I hope so. Kyla's had trouble being a good parent to Max, but she's had lots of time to reflect on why this is."
Relationships.
Kyla was involved in three romantic relationships during her time in the show, the first of which was with physiotherapist Justin Fuller (Ben Richards). Ayola said of the relationship: "She hasn't got great taste in men! She likes good-looking blokes - that whole 'take me to a cave' thing - but she doesn't check that there is a soft, gentle, sensitive side to him. He's gorgeous to look at, but she hasn't learned that you have to look a bit deeper." Roger Griffiths was cast as Kyla's ex-husband Harvey. Ayola commented on their previous relationship: "I think they split up because Kyla is so volatile. The more we learn about Harvey the more I think he might not be the reason for their split". She expanded: "They had a tempestuous relationship and Kyla is very irrational which got too much for Harvey. Harvey brings out the worst in Kyla and she just ends up yelling at him. It's a very difficult and if he knew how to handle her maybe it could work out but he doesn't."
Asked in July 2006 what she hoped for Kyla in the long run, Ayola responded: "Most of all I’d like to see her laugh, big belly laughs as she has not done much of that! ...I also would like her to find a man that she is with not just because he is attractive but someone who can work her out and understand her". Several months after this interview, the character was romantically linked to newcomer and former guest star, general surgical consultant Abra Durant, played by Adrian Edmondson. Edmondson departed from and returned to the show several times, with Kyla and Abra breaking up and reuniting on multiple occasions. Asked in February 2008 whether the two would ever get back together, Ayola responded: "He treated Kyla like dirt, so I don’t know if she’ll forgive him, but I love working with Ade – he’s a gorgeous man." The two ultimately left Holby together, moving to Ghana.
Storylines.
Kyla arrives at Holby General as an agency nurse in the episode "I'll Be Back". She makes a good impression on consultant Ric Griffin (Hugh Quarshie), and is invited to take on the position of Acting Sister. When her former boyfriend, physiotherapist Justin Fuller, begins working at the hospital, they briefly renew their relationship. Kyla tires of Justin's immaturity, however, and breaks up with him again. In retaliation, Justin kidnaps Kyla's son Max, plying him with alcohol, and sending him into a hypoglycemic coma. While Kyla and her ex-husband Harvey manage to get to Max in time to save him, Harvey tells Kyla she is an unfit mother and he will be filing for sole custody of their son.
Kyla and Harvey fight a brief custody battle. When it is revealed that Max has been bullying his classmates, his parents realise they need to set aside their differences for their son's sake. Shortly after this, Kyla begins a relationship with new general surgical consultant Abra Durant. Kyla helps Abra cover up an illegal xenotransplantation he performed, and keeps quiet when she discovers he has been stealing and shipping returned anti-retroviral drugs to African hospitals in need. When Abra's illegal dealings are uncovered, he is forced to flee the country, devastating Kyla.
Shaken by Abra's departure, when Max falls ill with food poisoning in the episode "Feast or Famine" Kyla realises he needs a male influence in his life and begrudgingly allows Harvey to move back in with them. Harvey becomes physically abusive, is suspended from his work as a police officer, and begins drinking heavily. When Harvey discovers lingerie bought for Kyla by Abra, the pair fall out once again, culminating in Harvey falling to his death from the hospital roof. Max, who witnessed this, blames his mother, causing her to lash out at him. As a result, he is taken into foster care, and although social services decide he may return to Kyla's custody, he requests to remain in his new foster home.
Abra returns to Holby, and although Kyla initially rebukes his advances, they ultimately resume their relationship, moving in together. Abra makes a drunken proposal to her in episode "Bad Reputation" however laughs it off as a joke when she assumes he is not serious. Kyla is seen to develop an increasing dependence on alcohol as she grieves for her son. When Abra abruptly terminates their relationship in order to move back to Africa, this alcohol dependence continues and worsens. Kyla is devastated when Max applies for a Guardianship Order, and becomes negligent at work, leading to the deaths of two patients. Kyla admits she has become an alcoholic and agrees to begin attending AA meetings. Initially this goes well, and she is supported by new consultant Stuart McElroy who is also an alcoholic. However, Kyla's confidence is damaged when Stuart violently attacks colleague Chrissie Williams, and she resorts to drinking once more. She attempts to hand in her notice, but Mark Williams persuades her to take a voluntary demotion to give her more time to deal with her problems.
Kyla is shocked when Abra returns to Holby again, contemplating going back to both him and alcohol, but managing to resist. In the episode "Send No Flowers", she is unexpectedly reunited with Max when he arrives at the hospital to visit his foster brother, a patient in Kyla's care. After an argument, Max suffers cardiac arrest and requires an operation. Kyla suspects he has been neglected by his foster mother. Max is initially highly defensive of her, but after a stern talking to by Abra, and being implored to do the right thing by Kyla, Max admits to his social worker that his foster mother is frequently neglectful. Kyla is delighted when he finally asks to come home with her.
Kyla briefly re-unites with Abra, when he reveals to her that he was subject to a machete attack in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, however he then leaves Holby once more to check himself into a psychiatric hospital. When Lola Griffin (Sharon D. Clarke) finds Abra being treated for post-traumatic stress by his own mother, she and Kyla convince Abra to discharge himself and return to Ghana. Shortly thereafter, Max is accepted into a prestigious football academy in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Kyla hands in her notice, intent on leaving with him, however Max convinces Abra to return and take Kyla back to Ghana with him. Kyla initially refuses, but comes to realise that Max only wants to make her happy, and agrees to leave with Abra, who proposes marriage to her.
Reception.
Ayola was shortlisted in August 2006 for the "Female Performance in TV" award at the 2006 Screen Nation Awards, for her portrayal of the character. The 2007 Screen Nation Awards saw Ayola receive "Honourable Mention", again for "Female Performance in TV", however she failed to make shortlist this time around. Kyla has achieved mild popularity with "Holby City" fans. She was voted fans' fifth favourite newcomer of series eight in the official 2006 Holby.tv Awards, and she and Abra were voted fifth favourite couple of series nine, the following year in the 2007 awards.
The level of dramaticism of some of the character's storylines, as well as those of other "Holby City" nurses was heavily criticised by the Nursing and Midwifery Council. The lead article of the July 2007 issue of the NMC magazine tackled nurses in popular culture, discussing "the ease with which writers can attach terrible storylines to a caring profession", and stating: "Nurses who become prostitutes to pay the bills, nurses who kill their husbands, nurses who abuse the system to get their own way - Holby City has always been a hotbed of slanderous storylines. Good people doing bad things makes excellent entertainment... The bald fact is that real life nurses doing their jobs well just aren't that entertaining." 
Kyla's "no-nonsense" personality has led to mixed reviews in the press. A number of episodes central to her storylines have been reviewed by various publications as televisual 'picks of the day' - from her introductory episode, to the death of her husband, to the surprise return of her former boyfriend Abra. Her "fiery" stance resulted in the assessment that, from a viewing perspective, the character "has never been one of the more likeable members of staff", however her descent into alcoholism drew some more sympathetic reviews, with Linda Gibson of "TV Quick" writing of the character: "Let's hope that Kyla pulls herself together, gets her son back and meets a man who can give her what she wants." Conversely, "Daily Mirror" TV critic Jim Shelley opined that the character had formerly been one of the more "normal" and "reliable" members of the cast, but criticized the handling of her alcoholism storyline, stating that the character seemed to have become an alcoholic "overnight". 
In October 2007, drinks' industry body the Portman Group made an official complaint to communications regulator Ofcom about a scene in "Holby City" which depicted two medics drinking five shots of tequila following a stressful day at work. The body's chief executive David Poley claimed that in failing to show the negative consequences of this action, the series was presenting a "highly irresponsible portrayal of excessive and rapid drinking". Ofcom received a total of eight complaints about the incident. In response to the accusation that "We would expect the BBC to take greater care with the portrayal of alcohol in programmes", the BBC released a statement tying the complaint closely to the alcoholism storyline being played out with Kyla at the time, explaining that: ""Holby" City is in the middle of a storyline in which a key character (Kyla) has spiralling problems in her personal and professional life because of alcohol — a storyline that fully and realistically depicts the negative impact of alcohol dependency in the workplace. Kyla has now been seen to seek help for alcoholism and the audience will see how she fares on the road to recovery."
In popular culture.
The 17 November 2006 "Children in Need" charity telethon included a segment featuring the "Holby City" cast performing a version of "Hung Up" by Madonna. Ayola as Kyla featured prominently in this sketch, performing the song's bridge and providing vocals for its introduction. 
The 16 November 2007 "Children in Need" appeal again contained a musical performance from Holby City cast members. Ayola, alongside Nadine Lewington (Maddy Young) and Phoebe Thomas (Maria Kendall) provided backing vocals for Sharon D Clarke (Lola Griffin), who performed a soul version of Aretha Franklin's signature song, Respect.
On 3 June 2008, BBC Two cooking programme "Ready Steady Cook" broadcast a "Holby City" special, featuring Ayola and Edmondson. As well as competing over their cooking skills, the pair discussed their characters' relationship and storylines.

</doc>
<doc id="9865332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865332" title="Temple University School of Medicine">
Temple University School of Medicine

The Temple University School of Medicine (TUSM), located on the Health Science Campus of Temple University in Philadelphia, PA, is one of 7 schools of medicine in Pennsylvania conferring the Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degree. It also confers the Ph.D. (Doctor of Philosophy) and M.S. (Masters of Science) degrees in biomedical sciences.
The 2011 "U.S. News & World Report" medical school research ranking places Temple University School of Medicine 45th out of 133 M.D. and 29 D.O. medical schools in the U.S.; also placing Temple University School of Medicine 3rd out of the 9 PA-based medical schools (University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine ranks 2nd, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine ranks 14th, Jefferson Medical College ranks 60th, and Drexel University College of Medicine ranks 90th. Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine, Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine, and the Commonwealth Medical College remain unranked). The 2011 ranking marks an increase from 52nd in 2010. The 2011 "U.S. News & World Report" medical school ranking also places Temple University School of Medicine at 92nd in primary care. TUSM reported 9,624 applications in 2010 (class of 2014) for a class size of 210 students; 540 of the total 9,624 applications received acceptance, translating to a 5.61% acceptance rate.
The school has a long-standing history of rooted involvement in the North Philadelphia community. The student body is highly involved in self-operated student organizations that are predominantly centered around service, professionalism, and humanitarianism. Graduates of the M.D. program are often cited as having substantial experience in interacting with patients as well as dedication to the treatment of diverse patient populations.
History.
Founded in 1901 as Pennsylvania’s first co-educational medical school, the institution has attained a national reputation for training humanistic and dedicated clinicians. The school was founded with the central principle that quality education should be afforded to everyone regardless of their ability to pay. In addition, the school has emphasized the development of humanitarianism; a value highlighted by Sir William Osler's quote, "The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease." This quote is inscribed on one of the walls in the Medical Education and Research Building.
Notable Alumni and Pioneers.
The School has been home to a number of renowned alumni and faculty, including:
Medical Education.
The education of medical students at Temple University School of Medicine includes a solid foundation in the fundamentals of basic and clinical science. The first two years are taught in an integrated approach, closely tying basic science concepts to clinical medicine, professionalism and medical ethics. The clinical years are marked by extensive hands-on experience in caring for patients. The William Maul Measey Institute for Clinical Simulation and Patient Safety allows students to learn basic clinical skills and teamwork in a safe learning environment throughout the curriculum. Thus, graduates are exceptionally well prepared to pursue residency training.
Year 1.
The major goal of Year 1 is normal structure, function and development. The year is divided into six blocks:
A doctoring course running throughout the curriculum enables students to learn the basics of history-taking, physical exam skills and professionalism. The course uses clinical cases to integrate the teaching and evaluation of clinical skills with the basic science concepts in each of the blocks, and utilizes the William Maul Measey Institute for Clinical Simulation and Patient Safety to aid learning through interactive clinical scenarios. Faculty preceptors provide individualized mentoring and career advising.
Year 2.
Year 2 focuses on the causes, mechanisms, identification and treatment of major human diseases. The second year is divided into 5 blocks:
The Doctoring 2 course enables students to practice and improve their clinical skills and professionalism through closely supervised rotations in both ambulatory and hospital settings.
Year 3.
During Year 3, beginning in mid-May of the second year, students rotate through core clerkships in:
The third year Doctoring course emphasizes career advising, evidence-based medicine, professionalism and clinical decision-making.
Year 4.
In Year 4, beginning in May of the third year, students can focus on areas of interest through a large variety of electives as well as enhance their clinical skills through sub-internships in medicine, emergency medicine, and radiology. Additionally, students are provided opportunities for two of the following electives: multiple surgical subspecialties, intensive care sub-internship, and a second elective sub-internship.
Clinical Campuses.
Temple offers the unique opportunity to perform third and fourth year clerkship rotations at a wide array of Pennsylvania-based clinical campuses.
Branch Campuses.
In response to the increasing demand for dedicated U.S. and Pennsylvania physicians, Temple University School of Medicine has begun establishment of branch campuses in varying Pennsylvania locations. These regional campuses will provide the same basic science courses offered at the main Philadelphia campus, however will be based in separate cities.
Revitalization and Reconstruction.
Under the leadership of Dean John Daly, M.D., alumnus of the class of 1973, TUSM underwent revitalization. The institution hired 262 new professors in 4 years; added clinical and basic science departments; and completely revamped the medical curriculum to meet changing educational paradigms.
Additionally, on November 1, 2007, TUSM broke ground on a new home. At a projected cost of $160 million, the project is the largest capital improvement project in the history of Temple University. The new building, an 11-story, glass and brick structure designed by Philadelphia-based architecture and engineering firm Ballinger, opened in May 2009. Notable features include: a modern anatomy laboratory with computers and high definition LCD screens on articulating arms; a fully interactive patient simulation center with simulated doctor offices, emergency medicine department, and surgical apparatuses as well as a staff of simulated patient actors, simulated patient manikins, and full-time instructing physicians; and a 24-hour, 50,000 sq. foot library with individualized study rooms containing high definition televisions with multimedia and wireless accessibility.
The new medical education building also features a wide array of attributes designed to lower stress of its faculty, staff, and students. Examples include: a classical grand piano on the third floor; a medical student lounge with cable, high definition television; and a three story atrium/commons area containing armchairs and medical art.
Temple University Hospital.
Temple University Hospital (TUH), in Philadelphia, is a premier academic medical center in the United States. It is the chief clinical training site for the Temple University School of Medicine. The hospital has a 746-bed capacity that offers comprehensive inpatient and outpatient services to the surrounding community, and highly specialized tertiary services in the Delaware Valley.
In August 2011, Becker's Hospital Review listed Temple University Hospital as number 10 on the 100 Top Grossing Hospitals in America with $5.9 billion in gross revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="9865334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865334" title="Astron (wristwatch)">
Astron (wristwatch)

The Astron wristwatch, formally known as the Seiko Quartz-Astron 35SQ, was the world's first "quartz clock" wristwatch, i.e., one based on a quartz crystal oscillator. It is now registered on the List of IEEE Milestones as a key advance in electrical engineering.
The Astron was unveiled in Tokyo on December 25, 1969, after ten years of research and development at Suwa Seikosha (currently named Seiko Epson), a manufacturing company of Seiko Group. Within one week 100 gold watches had been sold, at a retail price of 450,000 yen (US$1,250) each (at the time, equivalent to the price of a medium-sized car). Essential elements included a quartz crystal oscillator (8,192 cyles/second), a hybrid integrated circuit, and a miniature stepping motor to turn its hands. The Astron was accurate to ±5 seconds per month, or one minute per year.
Anniversaries.
In March 2010, at the BaselWorld watch fair and trade show in Switzerland, Seiko previewed a limited edition new version and related designs of the original Astron watch, commemorating the fortieth anniversary in December 2009 of the debut of the Astron watch.

</doc>
<doc id="9865340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865340" title="Mallika Dutt">
Mallika Dutt

Mallika Dutt (born March 29, 1962) is an Indian-American human rights activist, cultural entrepreneur and lawyer by training. Dutt is founder, president and CEO of Breakthrough, a global human rights organization that uses the power of media, pop culture, and community mobilization to promote human rights values. Dutt has twice been named one of Verve's Top 50 most influential women and has received multiple awards in recognition of her human rights activism. Dutt is also a co-founder of Sakhi for South Asian Women, and sits on the advisory boards of several other human rights, multimedia and philanthropic organizations.
Early life and education.
Dutt was born in Kolkata, India in 1962, and grew up in Kolkata and Mirzapur. At the age of 18, she moved to the United States to pursue a Bachelor of Arts in International Affairs at Mount Holyoke College. Dutt has credited her time at Mount Holyoke with providing political shape to her personal interest in human rights. "Mount Holyoke was a turning point in my life. The sense of rebellion I had as a girl … found a language at Mount Holyoke."
Dutt received a Masters in International Affairs and South Asian Studies from Columbia University in 1986, and graduated with a Juris Doctor from New York University Law School in 1989. In May 2012, Dutt received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Mount Holyoke College.
Career.
Breakthrough.
In 2000, while working as a Program Officer at the Ford Foundation, Dutt founded Breakthrough with Mann ke Manjeeré: An Album of Women's Dreams, an album and music video on women’s rights. “After working inside the global human rights movement for most of my professional life, the experience of seeing the same faces at every meeting, policy brief or conference had left me frustrated … The more I thought about it, the more convinced I’d become that media, art and popular culture could express these rights values in new ways for new audiences.” Launched as an experiment in using pop culture and media for social justice, Mann ke Manjeeré remained on the Indian pop charts for six weeks, going on to win the 2001 National Screen Award in India for best music video.
On using pop culture tools to promote human rights, Dutt later said, “nspired by Eleanor Roosevelt’s conviction that human rights ‘begin in small places, close to home,’ I began to imagine ways to bring the conversation out of closed meeting rooms and into the living rooms of real people.”
Working from centers in India and the United States, Breakthrough addresses global issues including violence against women, sexuality and HIV/AIDS, and immigrant rights and racial justice. Breakthrough has launched 13 campaigns on issues ranging from domestic violence to racial justice and immigrant rights, including America 2049, a transmedia game for Facebook that addresses democracy and diversity in the United States; Bell Bajao!, a domestic violence awareness campaign calling on men and boys to act as partners in ending violence against women; Restore Fairness, a documentary series and blog on immigration and racial justice in the United States; and What Kind of Man Are You?, about HIV/AIDS and condom use.
Early career and activism.
Sakhi for South Asian Women.
In 1989, while studying for the bar exam in New York, Dutt co-founded SAKHI for South Asian Women, an organization providing community support to end violence against women of South Asian origin. SAKHI creates a safe space for education and other support services, while also engaging a broader South Asian community against domestic violence. At SAKHI, Dutt was both an organizer and an advocate, training volunteers and developing initiatives and also advocating for law and public policy in support of immigrant rights and the rights of undocumented women.
Debevoise & Plimpton.
Dutt began her career at Debevoise & Plimpton, a prominent international law firm in New York City. While employed at Debevoise & Plimpton, Dutt also did independent pro bono work on reproductive and immigrant rights, and established a network of lawyers to represent battered women.
Norman Foundation and Hunter College.
From 1992-1994, Dutt worked as a director at the Norman Foundation, a New York-based organization supporting efforts of communities to determine their own economic, environmental and social well-being. While working at the Norman Foundation, Dutt also taught a course at Hunter College titled “Women and the Law.”
Rutgers University Center for Women’s Global Leadership.
Dutt served as the Associate Director of Rutgers University, Center for Women’s Global Leadership from 1994 -1996. In this role, Dutt directed the Center’s contributions to UN World Conferences including Hearings and Tribunals at World Summit on Social Development, International Conference on Population and Development, and
World Conference on Women. Dutt also conceived and crafted the widely referenced “With Liberty & Justice for All: Women's Human Rights in the United States,” a handbook providing a conceptual framework for using human rights as a legal and popular education tool as well as for political mobilizing among women activists.
Ford Foundation.
Dutt served as Program Officer for Human Rights at the Ford Foundation in New Delhi from 1996 to 2000. Dutt initiated the Foundation’s work in police reform and forged partnerships among police, NGOs, and civil society groups. During her time at the Ford Foundation, Dutt also developed initiatives and communication among Ford Foundation offices across the globe.
Boards and committees.
Dutt has served on several boards and committees, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9865342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865342" title="Adriaen van der Werff">
Adriaen van der Werff

Adriaen van der Werff (21 January 1659 – 12 November 1722) was an accomplished Dutch painter of portraits and erotic, devotional and mythological scenes. His brother, Pieter van der Werff (1661–1722), was his principal pupil and assistant.
Life.
At the age of ten he started to take lessons, two years later moving in with Eglon van der Neer, specializing in clothes and draperie. At the age of seventeen he founded his own studio in Rotterdam where he later became the head of guild of Saint Luc. In 1696, he was paid a visit by Johann Wilhelm, Elector Palatine and his wife, Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici. The couple ordered two paintings to be sent to Cosimo III of Tuscany, Anna Maria Luisa's father, in Florence. During the next years Van der Werff traveled regularly between Düsseldorf and his home town. In 1703, he became the official court painter and a knight, when his former teacher and predecessor Van der Neer died. Van der Werff, with a perfect technique, was paid extremely well by the Elector for his biblical or classical (erotic) paintings. In 1705, he painted a portrait of Gian Gastone de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany. In 1716, he lost his job when the Elector died because the treasury was empty.
Van der Werff became one of the most lauded Dutch painters of his day, gaining a European reputation and an enormous fortune. Arnold Houbraken, writing in 1718, considered him the greatest of the Dutch painters and this was the prevailing critical opinion throughout the 18th century: however, his reputation suffered in the 19th century, when he was alleged to have betrayed the Dutch naturalistic tradition. In the Victorian Age people could not appreciate his art, so most of his work went into the cellars of the Alte Pinakothek.
Van der Werff also practised as an architect in Rotterdam, where he designed a few houses.

</doc>
<doc id="9865353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865353" title="Peter Baumann (computer scientist)">
Peter Baumann (computer scientist)

Peter Baumann (born 1960 in Rosenheim) is a German computer scientist and professor at Jacobs University, Bremen, Germany, where he is head of the Large-Scale Scientific Information Systems research group in the Center for Advanced Systems Engineering (CASE).
Academic positions.
Baumann is professor of Computer Science at Jacobs University, Bremen, Germany and founder and CEO of rasdaman GmbH.
He is inventor and Princial Architect of the rasdaman Array DBMS, the historically first complete implementation of what today is called a "Big Data Analytics" server for large, multi-dimensional arrays.
He has authored and co-authored 100+ book chapters and papers on array (aka raster) databases and further fields, and has given tutorials on raster databases worldwide.
Baumann is active in many bodies concerned with scientific data access:
Academic career.
Baumann obtained a degree in Computer Science (1987) from Technical University of Munich, a doctorate (1993) in Computer Science at Darmstadt University of Technology while working with Fraunhofer Institute for Computer Graphics.
He has pursued post-doctoral activities in both industry and academia,
working for Softlab Group in Munich (now Cirquent)
and as Assistant Head of the Knowledge Bases Research Group of FORWISS (Bavarian Research Center for Knowledge-based Systems) / Technical University of Munich where he was deputy to Prof. Rudolph Bayer, Ph.D.
Among Dr. Peter Baumann's entrepreneurial activities was founding of the spin-off company rasdaman GmbH for commercialization of the world's first multi-dimensional array database system.
In August 2004 he was appointed as Professor of Computer Science at Jacobs University Bremen (formerly: International University Bremen).
Awards and patents.
Baumann holds international patents on array databases.
Research interests.
Baumann's current research interests include scalable database and Web service support for large, multi-dimensional arrays, including algebraic modeling, query language, query optimization, system architecture, and applications such as earth sciences and life sciences. As part of this research, standardization of geo raster services is being addressed. As such, it is related to Dimensional databases, however with a distinct focus on spatio-temporal, multi-dimensional raster graphics data, rather than business data.
Much of his concrete work is implemented and benchmarked in the framework of the rasdaman array DBMS.
Bibliography.
See for a complete bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="9865370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865370" title="Minister of National Education">
Minister of National Education

Minister of National Education can refer to:

</doc>
