<doc id="9749677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749677" title="Karl von der Heyden">
Karl von der Heyden

Karl von der Heyden is the former Co-Chairman and CEO of RJR Nabisco. He is also the former CFO of PepsiCo.
Early life.
Von der Heyden was born in 1936 in Berlin, Germany and attended the Free University of Berlin. He graduated from Duke University in 1962 and obtained an MBA degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1964.
Career.
Von der Heyden began his business career as a management trainee at the Berliner Bank AG. He joined Coopers & Lybrand, Philadelphia, in 1963, and in 1966 he moved to Pitney Bowes, where he advanced to the position of corporate controller.
Von der Heyden was senior vice president, chief financial officer and a director of H.J. Heinz Company. He joined Heinz in 1980 as vice president of finance and treasurer. Previously, von der Heyden had worked for PepsiCo in various senior management capacities: vice president, controller from 1974 to 1977, chief financial officer of Pepsi-Cola Company from 1977–1979, and then vice president of manufacturing for the Pepsi-Cola Bottling Group.
In December 1993 he took over as president and chief executive officer at financially troubled Metallgesellschaft Corp. on an interim basis and successfully restructured the company in a period of seven months. He had also served as Chairman of the Financial Accounting Standard Board’s Advisory Council (FASAC).
He was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of PepsiCo, Inc. from 1996 to 2001. He had rejoined the Company in September 1996 as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. During his tenure, he concentrated on re-focusing the company by spinning off or selling the restaurant companies, buying Tropicana and Quaker Oats, and taking the bottling business, Pepsi Bottling Group, public, among other things. He had previously retired from RJR Nabisco, where he was co-chairman and chief executive officer, through May 1993 and chief financial officer since 1989.
Philanthropy.
Von der Heyden has made substantial donations to Duke University. He and his wife donated $1 million to the university in 1995 to establish the von der Heyden Fellows Program Endowment Fund and $4 million in 2000 to expand the libraries.
Other.
Von der Heyden is the recipient of The International Center in New York's Award of Excellence and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. In 2010 he was inducted into the Financial Executives International Hall of Fame.
Von der Heyden serves as an independent director on the board of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc., and has served on the boards of Macy's, Inc, AstraZeneca, NYSE Euronext, DreamWorks Animation, Aramark, Cadbury Schweppes, and numerous other companies. He is a trustee of New York City Global Partners, a not-for-profit organization founded by the City of New York. He served as Co-Chairman of the American Academy in Berlin. and as a former trustee of Duke University, the YMCA of Greater New York, and other nonprofit organizations. He has two children and five grandchildren, and lives with his wife, Mary Ellen, in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9749696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749696" title="Tom Truscott">
Tom Truscott

Tom Truscott is a computer scientist best known for creating Usenet with Jim Ellis, when both were graduate students at Duke University. He is also a member of ACM, IEEE, and Sigma Xi. One of his first endeavors into computers was writing a computer chess program and then later working on a global optimizer for C at Bell Labs. Today, Truscott works on tools that analyze software as a software developer for the SAS Institute.
Truscott received the Usenix Life Time Achievement Award for Usenet.

</doc>
<doc id="9749740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749740" title="Auk-class minesweeper">
Auk-class minesweeper

The "Auk" class were Allied minesweepers serving with the United States Navy and the British Royal Navy during the Second World War. In total, there were 95 "Auk"s built.
Design and development.
The "Auk" class displaced 890 tons on average, and had an approximate length of 220-225 feet. They could reach a maximum speed of about . "Auk"s were equipped with a single 3 inch gun, two 40 mm Bofors guns, and eight 20 mm Oerlikon guns.
Thirty-two minesweepers were ordered by the US (as BAM-1 to -32), intending them to be supplied to the Royal Navy under Lend-lease; 12 were retained for USN use and given names and the "AM" hull classification prefix.
Those transferred to the RN were named as the Catherine class receiving "J" pennant number prefixes.
Eleven minesweepers of the "Auk" class were lost in World War II, six to direct enemy action including USS "Skill", torpedoed by "U-593".

</doc>
<doc id="9749752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749752" title="The Sutton Academy">
The Sutton Academy

The Sutton Academy (formerly Sutton High Sports College and originally known as Sutton Community High School) is a secondary school in the Sutton area of St. Helens, Merseyside, England. It is a medium sized school for about 1300 students, catering to children from ages 11 to 18. 
History.
The Sutton Academy was originally opened as a replacement for the much older Robins Lane High School. The Robins Lane site remained in use up until its demolition. The bell from the old facility can be seen on display inside the current Sutton Academy site.
The school achieved specialist status in sports in 2002. 
The Sutton Academy's current facilities were slated to be extensively refurbished as part of the government's "Building Schools for the Future" scheme until the scheme was axed.
The school became an academy in 2010.
Staff.
The school's current chair of governors is Keith Flanagan, the headteacher was Mr. P. Melia up until his resignation in 2008, and was replaced by the former longstanding headteacher of Haydock Sports College, Mr. S. Fullerton, who was head from September 2008 until July 2009, and then replaced by Ian Walker, who was introduced in September. The senior management and leadership team also included Mr. C. Lowcock and Suzanne Finley. The current head teacher is Mr. Terry

</doc>
<doc id="9749775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749775" title="Neville Roach">
Neville Roach

Neville Roach (born 29 September 1978) is a former English professional footballer. He now is part of the coaching set-up at Hellenic League side Highmoor Ibis and was previously manager of Hartley Wintney and plays Sunday football.
Biography.
Roach was born in Reading and began his career as an apprentice with Reading, turning professional in August 1996. His league debut came on 26 April 1997, when he scored the first goal in a 2–0 victory home over Oldham Athletic. Despite this impressive start, he found it difficult to establish himself and joined Kingstonian on loan in January 1998.
In August 1998, out of favour at the start of the new season, he joined Slough Town on loan, scoring twice in 11 Isthmian League games. His debut goal for Reading turned out to be his only goal for the club, as he failed to find the net in four other starts, or 11 substitute appearances.
In January 1999, Roach was told by Reading manager Tommy Burns that he was free to leave and began talks with Conference side Stevenage Borough. On 23 February 1999 he joined Wycombe Wanderers on loan, playing for their reserves the following day.
This was to be his only appearance for Wycombe as on 26 February he joined Southend United on loan, with the move being made permanent on 3 March, costing the Shrimpers £30,000. He made his Southend debut on 27 February in a 3–0 defeat away to Cambridge United and scored on his home debut on 6 March as Southend beat Swansea City 2–0. Despite this start he found it difficult to keep his place and was loaned to Stevenage Borough.
In February 2000, knowing that he would be released at the end of the season, Roach was allowed to join Chester City on trial, followed by a further one-week trial at Scarborough in March 2000. Nothing came of the trials, and at the end of the season he was released by Southend, having played only five games. In March 2000 he was called up by the Cayman Islands for their World Cup Qualifiers, but flew home from Cuba after FIFA blocked Roach and six other British-based players from playing.
He returned to Kingstonian on trial, playing in a friendly against Reading on 1 August 2000, but nine days later had signed for Australian side Eastern Pride. In February 2001, with the demise of Eastern Pride, he returned to the UK, joining St Albans City, making his debut in the Isthmian League Cup tie at home to Hampton & Richmond Borough. He played six further times, scoring twice (both against Chesham United in the Full Members Cup on 20 February before joining Frickley Athletic in March 2001.
On 22 March, within two weeks of joining Frickley, Roach left to join Oldham Athletic. He made only one appearance, as a second-half substitute for Carlo Corazzin, for Oldham, on the final day of the season, a 5–0 defeat away to Millwall, before being released.
In the 2001 close-season he joined Torquay United on trial, impressing manager Roy McFarland sufficiently to be signed on non-contract terms on 9 August which allowed him to make his debut two days later on the opening day of the season, playing as a late substitute for Eifion Williams in the 1–0 defeat away to Bristol Rovers. He remained on non-contract terms for the next two months, leaving the club by his own choice in November 2001 to join Stevenage Borough. The following month he joined Slough Town on a match to match basis, but left the same month to join Basingstoke Town. The 2002–2003 season was a great success for Roach, he scored 25 goals, earned a trial with Football League side Boston United and won the Basingstoke supporters player of the year award.
In the summer of 2005, after scoring 62 times in 162 first team appearances, he left Basingstoke to join local rivals Eastleigh. In November 2005 he joined struggling League Two side Oxford United on loan, returning to Eastleigh in February 2006 after Oxford had signed two new strikers (Yemi Odubade and Tim Sills).
Roach was transfer-listed by Eastleigh in October 2005 and spent the end of the 2005–06 season on loan at Maidenhead United, but returned to Basingstoke in June 2006.
In January 2007, Roach returned to Maidenhead on loan from Basingstoke, extending his loan two further times, before signing on a permanent basis in mid-April.
He suffered a viral illness during the 2007 close season, and was loaned to Harrow Borough and then Farnborough to regain fitness. He was released by Maidenhead in October 2007 and joined Farnbrough, where he scored regularly before moving on to Uxbridge in January 2008.
On 16 July 2008, Roach joined Didcot Town. In 2010, a knee ligament injury forced him to stop playing and so he moved into management, taking over Hartley Wintney in May 2010. In May 2013, he became a part of the coaching set-up at Hellenic League side Highmoor Ibis.

</doc>
<doc id="9749776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749776" title="Plastic Logic">
Plastic Logic

Plastic Logic is a spin-off company from the Cavendish Laboratory at the University of Cambridge and specialises in polymer transistors and plastic electronics. The company was founded in 2000 by Richard Friend, Henning Sirringhaus and Stuart Evans. Plastic Logic develops and manufactures colour and monochrome plastic flexible displays in various sizes based on an organic thin film transistor (OTFT) technology. The headquarters of Plastic Logic is in Cambridge, United Kingdom.
Plastic Logic opened the first mini-fabrication plant on November 11, 2003 in Cambridge, UK.
A factory for the mass-production of the display units was opened on September 17, 2008 in Dresden, Germany.
Plastic Logic announced its first plastic screen device on November 30, 2004, to be used by Siemens Communications in their mobile devices. This was followed by the announcement of an ereader called the QUE proReader. However by August 2010, they had cancelled the QUE proReader. In September 2011 the company announced Plastic Logic 100 aimed to bring e-textbooks to Russian schools.
In January 2011 the company received $280m in venture capital: $230m into the equity of Plastic Logic from Rusnano and $50m from Oak Investment Partners, a multi-stage venture capital firm. In May 2012 Plastic Logic revealed a ‘Plastic Inside’ strategy – selling its plastic back-planes, sensors and tags for customers to incorporate into other products.
On May 17, 2012, Plastic Logic announced that they were abandoning plans to manufacture their own e-reader devices (focusing instead on licensing their existing technology), shutting down their US office in Mountain View, California, and reducing staff elsewhere.
In July 2012, Plastic Logic demonstrated a flexible display that was 130 µm thick, as well as the first flexible plastic display that can play colour video animation content at 12 frames per second (14 fps in black and white), driven by OTFTs (organic thin film transistors).
Plastic Logic also demonstrated several product concepts including an ultra-thin e-paper companion device for a smartphone. The 10.7” touchscreen pane for viewing of webpages and documents was designed for easier reading of content than on the screen of a smartphone.
BBC "Click" featured Plastic Logic's technology in a report on "going paperless" in July 2012.
Technology.
The company's plastic transistor technology is based on organic thin film transistors (OTFTs) that enables electronics to be manufactured on flexible or plastic sheets. It is currently used to make monochrome and colour flexible plastic displays of different sizes. These daylight readable displays are designed to be lightweight, thin and robust with low battery consumption. The company claims they have lifetimes of over five years and more than 10 million page updates. The technology can also be used for non-display applications. One example is the world's first flexible image sensor on plastic, which was jointly developed by ISORG and Plastic Logic and showcased at LOPE-C in June 2013.
In January 2013 the company won the FlexTech Alliance's "FLEXI 2013 R&D Award" for innovation in flexible display manufacturing. This was in recognition for the development of a scalable manufacturing process for integrating a colour filter array on a flexible plastic display. Other companies recognised by the FlexTech Alliance included Corning, Inc. and American Semiconductor.
Flexible displays.
Following the company's strategy change, Plastic Logic now develops and manufactures flexible plastic displays for third party end-devices. Because they are made of plastic, they are resistant to breaking are designed for use in robust mobile devices. In March 2013, the readers of the German electronic products magazine "Elektronik" voted Plastic Logic's flexible colour display "Optoelectronic Product of the Year 2013".
At the International CES in Las Vegas at the beginning of January 2013, the company announced the tablet computer product PaperTab, the result of a collaboration between Intel, Plastic Logic and the Human Media Lab of Queen's University (Ontario, Canada). Powered by an Intel Core i5 Processor, the PaperTab incorporates a flexible 10.7” plastic display developed and manufactured by Plastic Logic. The interface is gesture-controlled, allowing the user to change a view or action a command by bending a screen corner or tapping one screen on another. Multiple PaperTabs can be used to display data side-by-side as a virtual desktop, displaying media such as emails and larger images simultaneously.
Plastic Logic also supplies larger displays, which can be used as e-paper or a companion device for a smartphone. Further uses include enabling a large form-factor, flexible and lightweight eReader.
In March 2013 Toppan Printing Co., Ltd and Plastic Logic demonstrated the first large-area, flexible electrophoretic digital signage prototype at RETAILTECH in Tokyo, Japan. The 42" prototype consisted of 16 10.7" Plastic Logic monochrome flexible plastic displays, tiled together, in a 4x4 configuration for use in applications with close viewing distances. The power consumption of the displays was also demonstrated for disaster-ready applications in areas prone to natural disasters, such as the post-earthquake society of Japan.
Plastic Logic has also shown concept designs enabled by its smaller displays, such as wearable computers for use in sports, health and medical applications.
The QUE proReader.
The QUE proReader was a first generation e-reader product from Plastic Logic. The final version of the product was presented during a public event at CES January 2010.
The product was cancelled on August 2010 without ever shipping, with the firm noting that "We recognize the market has dramatically changed, and with the product delays we have experienced, it no longer make sense for us to move forward with our first generation electronic reading product."
Plastic Logic 100.
Plastic Logic 100 was an "electronic textbook" which was intended for educational use. Its availability was announced by Plastic Logic on September 12, 2011. Beginning later that month, a shipment of devices was scheduled to be used on a trial basis in selected schools in Russia which were planning to be pioneering the electronic textbook program.
The Plastic Logic 100 used plastic-based e-paper technology. The device employed a 10.7" glare-free, shatterproof, and anti-fingerprint display, as well as a touch-based UI.
The storage limit was 4 GB and the device was running Windows CE on an 800 MHz processor. The battery was intended to last a week under regular use, which includes reading, underlining, and annotation of text.
Due to the company's strategy change, announced in May 2012, the device was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="9749791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749791" title="Peder Fredags Gränd">
Peder Fredags Gränd

Peder Fredags Gränd (Swedish: "Alley of Peter Friday") is a small blind alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching north from Köpmangatan, it is located between Skeppar Olofs Gränd and Staffan Sasses Gränd, just south of the Tessin Palace.
The inconspicuous alley remained nameless until the 20th century; it is included on a map from 1700, but completely left out on another dated 1733. The present name was given the alley in 1939, presumably inspired by the two parallel alleys, both of which are named after men who served King Gustav Vasa (1496–1560) during the ousting of Danish forces.
Peder Fredag (-1525) was probably one of the burghers of Stockholm, first appearing in historical records in 1520 when he, confronted with Christian II of Denmark, vehemently opposed the city's terms of surrender. Before the Danes marched into the city, he escaped to the northern parts of Sweden where he began to amass people to revolt against the Danish king. He started to raid the Stockholm Archipelago with his yacht, and in 1521 he joined the party of Gustav Vasa who eventually gave him a letter of marque. During the seizure of the capital, Peder Fredag was appointed captain in charge over the camp at Lovön, and as such he repelled an attack from the besieged city in Christmas 1521 and another against the King's camp on Södermalm in autumn 1522. Following the king's glorious march into the city, Peder Fredag was richly rewarded with marks of honour and tokens of grace, but he eventually died on the battlefield in 1525 during an assault against the city of Kalmar, besieged by the mercenary troops of Berend von Melen.

</doc>
<doc id="9749798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749798" title="Timothy Hawkes">
Timothy Hawkes

Dr Timothy Francis Hawkes OAM is an Australian educator and writer, known for his contributions to Australian and International education. He is currently the headmaster of The King's School, Parramatta (Sydney). Hawkes regularly contributes to debates about developing leadership skills and values in students and how to best educate boys.
Early life and education.
Born in Adelaide, South Australia in 1953, Hawkes' initial education was at Bordertown Primary and at the Woomera Area School. Because the family moved overseas, Hawkes completed his secondary education as a boarder at King's School, Rochester in England where he became school captain. He had a particular talent for sport, playing Rugby for Durham University and doing athletics at County level. Whilst at university, Hawkes participated in the 1973 British Undergraduates Expedition to the Jotenheim region of Norway and worked with opium and heroin drug addicts at the "Society of St. Stephen" in Hong Kong. He undertook undergraduate studies at Durham University, England, graduating with a BEd (Hons). After teaching at Loughborough Grammar School, Hawkes returned to Australia to become the Senior Boarding Master at Knox Grammar School, Sydney. He undertook postgraduate studies at Macquarie University in Sydney where he obtained his PhD in May 1988. His thesis reflected his main teaching discipline which was Geography and was entitled 'A study of factors influencing children's ability to recognize features on black and white aerial photographs.' Hawkes also completed a Graduate Diploma in Education Administration at New England University.
Hawkes met his wife, Jane, at Durham University in England and they have three adult children.
Principal of St Leonard's College.
In 1989 Hawkes accepted the position of Principal of St Leonard's College, Melbourne, a co-educational independent school. During his time at St Leonard's, Hawkes engaged in a vigorous building program and raised enrolments from 1200 to nearer 1500. He also became the founding Chairman of the Heads of Independent Co-educational Schools of Victoria and was instrumental in establishing the Association of Co-Educational Schools sporting competition. Following on from a re-vitalisation of the International Baccalaureate program at St Leonard's, Hawkes served as a heads of school representative on the governing board of the International Baccalaureate Organisation.
Headmaster of The King's School.
In 1998, Hawkes moved to Sydney to become headmaster of The King's School, an independent, Anglican, day and boarding school for boys and Australia's oldest independent school. Soon after joining King's, he featured in the ABC documentary about the school and its new headmaster entitled 'King's School.' While at King's, Hawkes has rebuilt much of the School and has been an active contributor at many educational conferences both in Australia and overseas, including being a keynote speaker at the Headmaster's Conference (HMC) of Great Britain in 2003. His main focus is on the education of boys, and more recently the teaching of leadership skills to students. His works are largely confined to primary and secondary level education but he also comments on broader matters of social interest. His more recently published works include "Blizzard Lines", a novel that explores the relationship between a father and a son.
During the 1998, 2001 and 2004 Australian federal elections, Hawkes became an active participant in the national discussion on education with The King's School being frequently cited by the Australian Labor Party as an exemplar of a well-funded private school in receipt of significant government funding. Hawkes defended the right of independent schools, even well-resourced schools, to receive at least some government funding. This continued into the 2007 election.
Contribution to Public Debate.
Hawkes has made a strong contribution to educational debate. As the founding chair of the Australian Boarding Schools' Association, he has written "Duty of Care" the major training course for boarding staff used in Australia and has advanced the cause of boarding in the media. A major authority on boys' education, Hawkes has been an advisor to the federal government, serving as a member of the "Forum on the Education of Boys" in 2002. His book "Boy Oh Boy" has become a best seller and Hawkes continues to write and speak extensively on the issue of educating boys.
Hawkes has been active in the area of values education and the development of leadership skills in students. His four book series "Learning Leadership" – a leadership training course for students- has become popular in many schools throughout the world. Several articles have been written by Hawkes advocating the teaching of leadership and values in schools.
No stranger to controversy, Hawkes has been a strong defender of independent education. He has also been criticised for being prepared to allow his students to discuss controversial topics such as intelligent design. This resulted in Hawkes being nominated for the satirical Bent Spoon Award by the Australian Sceptic Society in 2008.
In 2007, Hawkes was given a "Quality Teaching" federal government award for excellence as a school principal for "rejuvenating the educational philosophy and practice of The King's School by building on its strengths as a national leader in boys' education, residential education and leadership education. School results have significantly improved under his leadership".
Hawkes has a number of interests outside education including being patron of the "Forsight Foundation" an organisation that assists adults who are both deaf and blind. He served from 2000 to 2008 as the national chairman of Overseas Missionary Fellowship and is president of the "Under 16s", an organisation that supports those who volunteered under the age of 16 years for service in World War II
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="9749801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749801" title="Olaf von Ramm">
Olaf von Ramm

Olaf von Ramm is the Thomas Lord Professor of Engineering at Duke University. He is best known for his work in the development of medical instruments, particularly ultrasound systems. He holds the first patent on a three-dimensional ultrasound [http://www.bme.duke.edu/faculty/ramm/index.php].
Von Ramm grew up in Canada.
Von Ramm received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Toronto in 1968, and his Master of Science degree from the same institution in 1970. He received his doctorate from Duke, where he has spent his entire career.
Von Ramm was a Canadian National Research Scholar, and won the Terrence Matzuk Memorial Award and the Netherlands Heart Foundation Distinguished Lecture Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9749802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749802" title="Andrey Avinoff">
Andrey Avinoff

Dr. Andrey Avinoff (14 February 1884 - 16 July 1949) (sometimes referred to as Andrej Nikolajewitsch Avinoff or Andrei Avinoff), was a Russian entomologist. Avinoff was the Director of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History for 20 years from 1926 to 1946. He established himself as one of the world's greatest butterfly collectors. He is also well known for his paintings.
Life and career.
Avinoff was born in Tulchyn, Podolia Governorate, now Ukraine. He was from a wealthy family in Russia with ties to nobility, and served a diplomatic role in the Tsar's court. He left Russia after the Revolution. In 1924, and having learned to speak perfect English while growing up, he was hired as an assistant curator of entomology at The Carnegie Museum. He was promoted to director of the Museum in 1926 which he remained through 1946. He was also a trustee of the American Museum. In 1927 he was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Science from the University of Pittsburg. His associates at the Carnegie Museum included William P. Comstock and E. Irving Huntington, Cyril F. dos Passos, and Vladimir Nabokov. He was also close friends with the biologist and sex researcher Alfred Kinsey, largely due to their similar interest in insects from Dr. Kinsey's work with Gall Wasps.
Avinoff generally lived a secluded but socially correct lifesyle in the upper class of Pittsburgh, which was a popular and thriving metropolis at the time, with a strong elitist social society. He never had children and he was homosexual. 
Later in his life, suffering from health conditions, he moved to New York where he resumed his interest in painting, and the New Yorker profiled him in a 12 page article about his life. At his death, he had created hundreds of paintings which are largely sought after by collectors today.
Butterflies.
In Russia, Avinoff spent his spare time traveling throughout the mountainous areas in Europe and Asia collecting butterflies. Much of his interest was spent on tracing their genetic evolutions through different valleys as the mountains prevented the variations of butterflies from mating with each other. Much of his collection was used to chart these genetic mutations. He found the Himalayas to be the ultimate proving ground. Avinoff's collection of Rhopalocera from the Pamir Mountains and Central Asia is in the Zoological Museum in St. Petersburg. This collection of some eighty thousand specimens was appropriated by the Soviet government. Following World War II, the Mellon family asked to retrieve the collection, but this was refused.
Once in the US, through trading and purchase and through financing of expeditions, Avinoff managed to build up a near duplicate collection, most of which was donated to the Carnegie Museum. Much of his work still exists at the Carnegie Museum and at the Museum of Natural History in New York.
Avinoff also made six trips to Jamaica which he described as "a dreamland of tropical splendor" between 1926 and 1940, five of them with Nicholas Shoumatoff, the son of his sister Elizabeth Shoumatoff, who Avinoff largely served as a father figure for. The two caught more than fourteen thousand "bots" (butterflies and moths in Jamaican patois), doubling the number of known species on the island to more than a thousand.
Painting.
Later in his life, unable to travel from his health conditions, he moved to New York and resumed an interest from earlier in his life in painting. He was also the brother of the famous portrait painter Elizabeth Shoumatoff, who is most famous for painting Frankin Delano Roosevelt at the moment when he collapsed and died. Avinoff's paintings were highly skilled images of flora or fauna, or paintings with deep meanings with themes of religious, sexual, apocalyptic nature, or combinations of the three. He worked in a wide variety of mediums from precise pencil and ink drawings to oil to watercolor.
One of his most famous series of paintings depict "The Fall of Atlantis", a poem by George V. Golokhvastoff published in limited edition in 1938 [http://www.unseenrealms.com/vorder.html]. The Birth of Atlantis, illustrated in his series of paintings, exemplifies the Art Deco style popular in the 1930s. The image is of a young male figure rising out of the sea, symbolic of the legendary island said by Plato to have later disappeared beneath the waves during an earthquake. His paintings of flowers, and 350 of his works illustrate "Wildflowers of Western Pennsylvania and the Upper Ohio Basin".
Publications.
Partial list

</doc>
<doc id="9749808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749808" title="The One and Only (2002 film)">
The One and Only (2002 film)

The One and Only is a 2002 British romantic comedy film directed by Simon Cellan Jones, and starring Richard Roxburgh, Justine Waddell and Sharon Scurfield. The film is a remake of Susanne Bier's 1999 Danish box-office hit "Den Eneste Ene". Supported by the Newcastle City Council to promote a positive image of the city, the story was reset in Newcastle and Gateshead.
Synopsis.
The film opens with two couples visiting their GP for childlessness. Stevie is married to Sonny, an Italian footballer who plays for Newcastle United, but who has succumbed to frequent injury. He is desperate for a child, and it soon emerges that Stevie has not really been trying. She is reluctant to become pregnant as she doesn't want to get fat. Jenny and Neil are trying to adopt, as Neil is infertile. Being childless has turned Jenny into something of a monster, and Neil now views her with dislike. He wants to break with her but is too kind- hearted. He goes ahead with the plan to adopt to keep her happy. When Stevie meets Neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen, it's already too late for love at first sight. Too late for both of them. Stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her Italian footballer husband. And too late for Neil too - his wife Jenny has already applied to adopt an African girl. But too late or otherwise, love at first sight is exactly what happens. How can Neil and Stevie get out of their mistaken marriages and into each other's arms?
Themes.
The film is a comedy, but deals with serious issues, such as childlessness, adultery and death. Newcastle is depicted as a city of rich and diverse architecture, with the "Angel of the North" featured prominently. Much of the comedic element derives from the over-the-top portrayal of Sonny the Italian footballer by Jonathan Cake, and the unlikely sexual alliance of Stan and Stella, played by Michael Hodgson and Patsy Kensit. Slobby Stan, best friend to Neil, is apparently irresistible to Stella, due to his liberal use of "pheromes". The film follows a fairly formulaic pattern, with a dramatic chase at the end to save both an unborn child and a small African girl.

</doc>
<doc id="9749814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749814" title="Nurbol Zhumaskaliyev">
Nurbol Zhumaskaliyev

Nurbol Zhumaskaliyev () is a Kazakh football attacking midfielder and forward. He plays for FC Tobol.
Early career.
At the age of 11, Nurbol was selected for a youth club, Namys (Almaty), which was created to find the most promising talents in the nation. His first coach was Talgat Nurmagambetov. Nurbol started his senior career at FC Akzhayik and played for FC Zhetysu in next season.
Tobol.
In 2000 Nurbol moved to FC Tobol, where he soon became the club captain. He scored 7 goals in European competitions.
Club Career Stats.
Last update: July 6, 2013
International career.
At the age of 20, Nurbol earned his first cap on 16 October 2001 in a friendly against Estonia. He was dropped initially during the World Cup 2006 qualifiers, in favour of Ruslan Baltiev, but regained his place when Baltiev was injured. As of his last game in October 2013, Nurbol capped 57 times scoring 6 goals.
Honours.
with Tobol

</doc>
<doc id="9749821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749821" title="Leiden Studies in Indo-European">
Leiden Studies in Indo-European

Leiden Studies in Indo-European is an academic book series on Indo-European studies.
The series was founded in 1991 and is published by Rodopi. 
ISSN.
ISSN: 0926-5856
Editors.
R.S.P. Beekes
A. Lubotsky
J.J.S. Weitenberg
Volumes.
Volumes include:

</doc>
<doc id="9749828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749828" title="Mo Foster">
Mo Foster

Mo Foster is a British session musician, playing primarily jazz, jazz-fusion and rock bass guitar. He is also a music producer and songwriter/composer. In over 40 years as a musician Foster has played on and produced countless albums, singles, and film soundtracks. He is a published author and occasionally teaches at music seminars all over the UK.
Early years.
Foster's first dalliance as a musician in public was in primary school playing the recorder and violin. In secondary school he changed to a "much cooler" instrument and became the bass player (utilising a Dallas Tuxedo bass) in his school band, The Tradewinds.
Foster cites his interest in bass guitar as coming from hearing Duane Eddy's song "Rebel Rouser" for the first time. "A school friend played the 78 on his parents' big radiogram and it just filled the room with this powerful sound. It was one of those rare moments when your soul is touched and I realised that the deep sound behind Eddy's guitar came from something called a bass guitar, though I didn't see one until I watched Jet Harris on TV. So I bought an acoustic guitar for £2 and figured that I'd get that bass sound if I just tuned the strings down an octave, but of course it just made a pointless, flapping noise."
University years.
Mo
Foster studied physics and mathematics at the University of Sussex in the mid-1960s. During his student days he played both drums and bass in a wide variety of bands including the US Jazz Trio and The Baskervilles. Once he left university, a short spell as a laboratory research assistant convinced him that a career in music was preferable to a career as a scientist. During mid-1968 Foster, along with friends Lynton Naiff, Mike Jopp, Grant Serpell and Linda Hoyle, formed the progressive jazz/rock group Affinity, which was managed by the late Ronnie Scott. At the time they released one eponymously named album, though in the last few years archived tapes were discovered which enabled a further four Affinity related albums to be released.
Session years.
After Affinity played their last gig in 1970 Foster decided that rather than being an over-educated but unemployed musician he needed to join another band. He placed a classified ad in Melody Maker magazine stating "Bass Guitarist: ex-name group, wishes to join established Family/Colosseum/Traffic type group". He expected no response, but a music producer called Christos Demetriou (i.e. Chris Demetriou) unexpectedly called and offered him a job with ex-Manfred Mann singer Mike d'Abo's band. After touring with the band both in the US and in the UK, Foster's name started to get around. In 1971 he was hired to do a studio session for a Russ Ballard song, "Can't Let You Go" at Lansdowne Studios. "I knew nothing about sessions and turned up with a flask and sandwiches because I didn't know how long I'd be there for. There was Clem Cattini on drums, Ray Cooper on percussion, Mike Moran on keyboards, Ray Fenwick on guitar, all fine players and nice guys who must have thought my naiveté was amusing! That was the beginning of a word of mouth situation which gradually mushroomed." The European disco scene was growing and session work was increasing and Mo was hired to play on a lot of the popular hits of the time including Jimmy Helms' "Gonna Make You An Offer You Can't Refuse", Cerrone's hit "Supernature".
In his early days as a session player Foster, having been self-taught, could not read music and freely admits that he bluffed his way through a lot of sessions. Finally at a session at Abbey Road Studios, playing with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, it got so difficult to follow the music by listening to the drummer and guitarist that he vowed to teach himself. This he then did.
As a session musician Foster has played on over 350 recordings including artists as varied as:
As a sideman Mo Foster has toured the world or played concerts with:
During his time as a session player Mo was asked to work on many film soundtrack sessions including:
Film
TV
In 1975 Foster pioneered the teaching of bass guitar in Britain by founding the first-ever course at Goldsmiths College, University of London. As of mid-2007, along with guitarist Ray Russell and drummer Ralph Salmins, Foster is embarking on several music seminars at different educational establishments around the UK, the most recent (September 2007) being held at Leeds Metropolitan University. The trio have also been invited to give a similar seminar at the famous Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts music school which was started by Sir Paul McCartney. He has also contributed several articles to bass playing specialist magazines.
One of Foster's most memorable bass lines was in the theme tune to the late-70s UK TV show "Minder" starring Dennis Waterman. The tune, "I Can Be So Good For You" started out life as a track on Waterman's solo album, it was then re-jigged as the show's theme tune. Mo achieved the atypical bass sound by using an unusual "bass slap" technique on an aluminium Kramer 650B bass guitar.
Foster has cited several well known bassists as being the inspirations to both his playing and his compositions, including Carol Kaye, Jet Harris, Jack Bruce and Stanley Clarke.
Jazz years.
In the mid to late 80s Foster was the ‘M‘ in the jazz/rock trio called RMS with fellow session musos, Ray Russell and Simon Phillips. They released (originally on Peter Van Hooke's then at the time fledgling MMC record label) an album called "Centennial Park" which was remastered and re-released in 2002 on the Angel Air record label. This in turn prompted the release of a live album from 1982 that had never been heard publicly before "RMS: Live at the Venue, 1982". 
As a result of the success of these two CD releases, a DVD (which featured guests appearances by Gil Evans and Mark Isham) was released a year later. "RMS: Live At The Montreux Jazz Festival, 1983". Both the CDs and DVD were produced by Mo and Ray Russell.
Solo years.
In the mid-80s Foster joined up with comedy writer/actor Mike Walling to form the core of the imaginary, but tragic RJ Wagsmith Band. Together they wrote a chart topping song for Roger Kitter (aka "The Brat"). They also penned what became one of the few one-hit wonders that never actually made it into the charts. "The Papadum Song" was about two losers who go into an Indian restaurant for a meal after a football match. The song got quite considerable airplay and Mike and Mo appeared together on the BBC children's programmes "Blue Peter" and Granada TV's "Get It Together". Unfortunately there was an industrial dispute at Phonogram Records and no records actually got to the shops.
At the latter end of the 1980s Foster decided that he would like the freedom to perform, produce and record his own music rather than that of someone else. He was able to call on some of his many friends who happened to be some of the UK's foremost session musicians to help him. Since 1987 he has released five solo albums.
Producer years.
Apart from his five solo albums Foster has produced – or co-produced - albums for Deborah Bonham ("The Old Hyde"), Dr John ("Such A Night"), Maggie Bell ("Live At The Rainbow"), Affinity ("Live Instrumentals 1969", "1971-72", "Origins 1965-67", and "Origins Baskervilles 1965"), Survivors ("Survivors"), Maria Muldaur ("Live In London"), Adrian Legg ("Fretmelt"), RMS ("Centennial Park", "Live At The Venue 1982"), RMS with Gil Evans ("Live At The Montreux Jazz Festival 1983" DVD), The RJ Wagsmith Band ("Make Tea Not War").
In addition Foster has composed and produced hundreds of titles for the major Production Music Libraries, co-wrote with Ray Russell the instrumental "So Far Away" for Gary Moore, co-wrote with Mike Walling the comedy hit single "Chalk Dust" for The Brat, co-wrote with Kim Goody the song "Sentimental Again" which reached the final in the Contest in 1990, and co-wrote with Ringo Starr, Joe Walsh, and Kim Goody the main song "In My Car" from Ringo’s album "Old Wave".
Author years.
In 1997 Foster authored a semi-autobiographical and anecdotal book about the birth and rise of Rock guitar in the UK during the period 1955 - 1975. 
The book's title is "Seventeen Watts?", the title having arisen from the school band member's quandary of ""do we really need that much power?"" when a 17W Watkins Dominator Amplifier was acquired as a replacement for the 'aging' 5W amp they had previously been using. The US edition of the book was entitled "Play Like Elvis" and had a different foreword, this time written by Duane Eddy.
The first half of the book covers the emergence of a new breed of the rock guitarist. It features many anecdotes describing the efforts of now prominent guitarists to not only learn chords but to work out how to build their own guitar because they could not afford the ones in the music shop window. There are stories and quotes from guitarists such as Jeff Beck, Ritchie Blackmore, Joe Brown, Clem Cattini, Eric Clapton, Lonnie Donegan, Vic Flick, Herbie Flowers, Roger Glover, George Harrison, Mark Knopfler, Hank Marvin, Brian May, Gary Moore, Joe Moretti, Pino Palladino, Rick Parfitt, John Paul Jones, Francis Rossi, Gerry Rafferty, Mike Rutherford, Big Jim Sullivan, Andy Summers, Richard Thompson, Bert Weedon, Bruce Welch, and Muff Winwood.
The second half of "Seventeen Watts?" is devoted to the rise and eventual demise of the London studio session scene. Foster seeks to present an insider's view of this creative world, and to convey a sense of the absurdist flavour of musicians' humour.
He also wrote "A Blues for Shindig".
Non-muso years.
Most recently Foster has worked as an archivist/interviewer on the recent UK Channel 4 series "Live From Abbey Road", which involved interviewing musicians and bands who were performing live sets at EMI's world-famous Abbey Road Studios.
Foster now concentrates on producing albums for others, composing music, session work (he recently played with Brian May and Brian Bennett on a 12 hour session at Abbey Road Studios for a re-make of Cliff Richard's 1958 hit "Move It"), writing, researching and remastering his back catalogue (not only for his solo projects but also for other artists). 
Foster has also resumed playing concerts with his band RMS, featuring Ray Russell, and Gary Husband - notably with Gary Moore at a recent charity concert Vibes From The Vines.
In April 2012 he performed at the Jet Harris Heritage Foundation tribute lunch with The Shadowers and Daniel Martin on Nivram and Diamonds
His tools.
Although Foster has an interest in science it does not extend to the technology used in his instrumentation. He was once asked by a magazine journalist what type of pickups he used, he replied "Errr black ones?"
Over the years Foster has collected several different types of bass guitar including a custom-built Moon MBC fretless 5-string, an Overwater Progress 5-string and an Alembic Omega (since stolen). Invariably though, he uses his two main basses, his Fender Precision and particularly his Fender Jazz which he considers to be his "voice".
The Fender Jazz bass guitar started out life as a standard 4-string bass, but in 1976, after being inspired by Jaco Pastorius' fretless playing, he commissioned a symphony bass repairman by the name of Neville Whitehead to replace the standard neck with a fretless version. The replacement neck was a planed-down real ebony neck removed from a 100 year old upright bass. For six months Foster struggled with the pure black neck as there were no indicators for finger positioning. Eventually giving up the fight, he employed luthier Dick Knight to mark fretlines on the neck. After going to this trouble he was surprised to learn that Pastorius achieved the same thing by merely pulling off the frets and filling the resulting holes with epoxy resin. Since the early 80s the bass guitar has undergone several component replacements including the bridge and the pickups.
Foster eschews complex amplifiers with equalisers and a multiplicity of functions, preferring ones that simply "have an on-off switch and a little light". Despite this, on one occasion whilst touring with Jeff Beck, with Simon Phillips on drums. Phillips' drums were amplified to such an extent that Foster could no longer hear his bass, so he was forced into having a system made up from two BGW power amps and a speaker rig consisting of Altec, Gauss and JBL drivers. It was so powerful it was christened the "trouser lifter" as a person's trousers flapped when passing it.
Personal life.
Foster has stated that his interests in the physical sciences have remained with him throughout his non-scientific career and he stays informed on scientific innovation by reading "New Scientist" magazine. He enjoys wordplay-based, non-PC and scatological humour, and enjoys radio shows such as "I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue" and "The Goon Show" on BBC Radio 4, as well as the comic "Viz", particularly the "Roger's Profanisaurus" section.
He currently lives with his film producer wife, Kay, in North London. He is vegetarian and loves Indian cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="9749866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749866" title="Cyril Le Marquand">
Cyril Le Marquand

Cyril Le Marquand (1902 - 1980) was a Jersey politician and businessman.
He was born on 6 March 1902 at Bel Royal, St Lawrence, the only son of Joshua Le Marquand and Lilian Le Feuvre. He was educated at Victoria College from 1916 to 1919, and joined the family business of Le Marquand Brothers on leaving school.
In 1939, just after the outbreak of war, he left Jersey with his family and lived in Wales, becoming a member of the Home Guard He returned to Jersey in 1945 and, as a founder of the Jersey Progressive Party, tried and failed to get elected as Deputy. In 1946, he gave evidence to the Privy Council Committee on States Reform, which led to the States Reform Bill (1948) removing rectors and jurats from the States, and making the Dean's role non-voting. In 1948, the first election after the reform, he was elected Deputy, along with ten other members of the Progressive Party, including his cousin John Le Marquand. In 1957, he was elected as Senator, topping the poll, and became President of the States Finance Committee, which later became the Finance and Economics Committee. He held this office until his sudden death on 27 February 1980.
The States of Jersey office building, Cyril Le Marquand House on Union Street, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9749892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749892" title="Commutant lifting theorem">
Commutant lifting theorem

In operator theory, the commutant lifting theorem, due to Sz.-Nagy and Foias, is a powerful theorem used to prove several interpolation results.
Statement.
The commutant lifting theorem states that if "T" is a contraction on a Hilbert space "H", "U" is its minimal unitary dilation acting on some Hilbert space "K" (which can be shown to exist by Sz.-Nagy's dilation theorem), and "R" is an operator on "H" commuting with "T", then there is an operator "S" on "K" commuting with "U" such that
and
In other words, an operator from the commutant of "T" can be "lifted" to an operator in the commutant of the unitary dilation of "T". 
Applications.
The commutant lifting theorem can be used to prove the left Nevanlinna-Pick interpolation theorem, the Sarason interpolation theorem, and the two-sided Nudelman theorem, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="9749912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749912" title="USS Skylark (AM-63)">
USS Skylark (AM-63)

USS "Skylark" (AM-63) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She earned three battle stars during World War II. "Skylark" was mined and sunk off Okinawa in April 1945. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register the same day.
Career.
"Skylark" was laid down on 9 July 1941 by the General Engineering & Dry Dock Company of Alameda, California; launched on 12 March 1942; sponsored by Mrs. William L. Simpson; and commissioned on 25 November 1942.
After almost a month of trials, calibrations, and training along the coast of California, "Skylark" got underway for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on the morning of 20 December. The convoy arrived in Pearl Harbor ten days later, and "Skylark" remained in the Islands for another eleven days. On 10 January 1943, she stood out of Pearl Harbor and set course for Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides, escorting another convoy. For the next year, "Skylark" escorted convoys around the various island groups in the South Pacific, the New Hebrides, Samoa, New Caledonia, and the Solomons, the conquest of which she was supporting. Often she shepherded supply echelons to Guadalcanal and to some of the other islands in the group, then would patrol the area for a week or two. 
Of all the months of that year, June 1943 was her most active. On the 16th, while she was screening ships off Guadalcanal, she came under aerial attack by Japanese dive bombers and assisted in splashing four of the intruders. A week later, on 23 June, two ships of her convoy, and were torpedoed by a Japanese submarine, . "Skylark" succeeded in rescuing 193 survivors and carried them on to Espiritu Santo.
In January 1944, the minesweeper began an extended period of convoy-escort and patrol duty in the Solomons. Until 15 April, her theater of operations was restricted to those islands alone as she herded the supply echelons between them. On 15 April, she departed the Solomons for Espiritu Santo, arriving there the next day. On 7 May, she began her return voyage to the Solomons; and, two days later, she put into Purvis Bay, Florida Island, for repairs. Repairs and minesweeping exercises occupied her time until 3 June, when she sailed from Purvis Bay with elements of Task Force 53, bound for Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshalls. The various elements of the task force rendezvoused at Kwajalein on the 8th, refueled, and departed on the 12th.
The Southern Attack Force, otherwise known as task force TF 53, was assigned the job of retaking Guam during the Marianas operation. Originally, the Guam assault was to have come several days after that upon Saipan. However, the necessity of meeting and defeating the Japanese fleet in what was to be the Battle of the Philippine Sea and the determination that additional troops would be needed to conquer Guam caused the assault to be delayed. Thus, TF 53 steamed around in the ocean 150 to 300 miles east of Saipan until 25 June when Admiral Spruance ordered the bulk of it to Eniwetok to await the lifting of additional forces from Hawaii. "Skylark" arrived in Eniwetok Lagoon three days later.
She remained at Eniwetok until 17 July at which time the task force departed for Guam. Arriving off Apra Harbor on the 21st, Skylark took up her screening station and, for almost two months, screened ships and patrolled in the vicinity of Apra. On 9 September, "Skylark" ceased patrolling and screening and departed Guam in the escort of an Eniwetok-bound convoy. She arrived on the 14th and entered an availability period until 3 October. From Eniwetok, she moved to Ulithi, arriving on 9 October and departing again on the 17th to escort back to Eniwetok. The two ships made Eniwetok on 23 October, and "Skylark" departed the next day. After a two-day layover at Majuro, 26 to 28 October, she headed for Pearl Harbor. From Pearl Harbor, she continued on to California, where she underwent repairs at both the Stockton Ship Works at Stockton, California, and General Engineering & Dry Dock Co., at Alameda, California.
On 15 February 1945, "Skylark" pointed her bow westward again and sailed out of Alameda, California. She entered Pearl Harbor on 22 February, provisioned on the 23rd, and headed back to Eniwetok on the 24th. A month later, Skylark was with the other minesweepers clearing the invasion areas around Okinawa. 
At 10:55 on 28 March, while sweeping a minefield off the Hagushi beaches, she struck a mine on her port side amidships. "Skylark" drifted while the crew fought fires and tried to save her. Twenty minutes later, she struck a second mine, took a heavy list, and sank within fifteen minutes. Five men were killed by the two explosions and, thanks to the rescue work of , these were her only losses. 
"Skylark" was struck from the Navy list on 28 April 1945. Skylark (AM-63) earned three battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="9749940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749940" title="Kuze">
Kuze

Kuze may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9749941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749941" title="Choucoune">
Choucoune

"Choucoune" () can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9749946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749946" title="Choucoune (poem)">
Choucoune (poem)

Choucoune () is an 1883 poem by Haitian poet Oswald Durand. Its words are in Haitian Creole and became the lyrics to the song "Choucoune," later rewritten in English as "Yellow Bird", based on the words "ti zwazo" (; little bird) from the Durand poem.
Durand's inspiration for the poem was a "marabou" woman named Marie Noel Belizaire—nicknamed Choucoune—who ran a restaurant in Cap-Haïtien. She met Durand, and the two had a romantic liaison. In the poem, Choucoune deserts the poet for a Frenchman's favors. Reportedly the real Choucoune and Durand parted because of the poet's serial philandering. 
Marie Noel Belizaire is said to have died in 1924, her seventy-first year, having spent the last portion of her life in her native village of La-Plaine-du-Nord as a beggar—but still widely recognized as the subject of Durand's poem.[http://newsgroups.derkeiler.com/Archive/Soc/soc.culture.haiti/2006-03/msg00068.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9749947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749947" title="Dmitriy Byakov">
Dmitriy Byakov

Dmitriy Nikolayevich Byakov () (born 9 April 1978) is a Kazakh football midfielder. He plays for FC Zhetysu. Byakov also plays for the Kazakhstan national football team. His first name is also sometimes translated as Dmitry or Dmitri.
Club career.
Dmitriy Byakov's club career started in the year 1998 in the club CSKA Kairat Almaty.
Incident.
On 9 April 2003, on his 25th birthday, Dmitriy was stabbed in the heart after a brawl in a night club in Almaty. After two years of recovery he returned to professional level.
International career.
Dmitriy first played for the Kazakhstan national football team in 2000. He was Kazakhstan's top scorer in UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying, scoring 5 goals against Azerbaijan, Finland, Belgium, Poland and Portugal, three of which were away goals.

</doc>
<doc id="9749969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749969" title="Choucoune (song)">
Choucoune (song)

Choucoune () is a 19th-century Haitian song composed by Michel Mauleart Monton with lyrics from a poem by Oswald Durand. It was rewritten with English lyrics in the 20th century as Yellow Bird.
Choucoune.
One of Oswald Durand's most famous works, the 1883 "Choucoune" is a lyrical poem that praises the beauty of a Haitian woman of that nickname. Michel Mauleart Monton, an American-born pianist with a Haitian father and American mother composed music for the poem in 1893, appropriating some French and Caribbean fragments to create his tune. The song "Choucoune" was first performed in Port-au-Prince on 14 May 14, 1893. It became a popular slow méringue (mereng) in Haiti, and was played prominently during the bicentennial celebrations in Port-au-Prince in 1949.
The song also appeared in the 1957 Calypso-exploitation film "Calypso Heat Wave", performed by The Tarriers, sung by the group's lead singer, Alan Arkin.
Versions.
Yellow Bird.
The English rendering of "Choucoune": "Yellow Bird", first appeared on the album "Calypso Holiday", a 1957 release by the Norman Luboff Choir, Norman Luboff having arranged the song in the calypso style that become popular in the English-speaking world in the mid-1950s. The lyrics for "Yellow Bird", by Alan and Marilyn Bergman, have no connection with the narrative of the Durand poem—other than the poem features the words "ti zwazo" (little birds) in its refrain, and so the original Haitian song is sometimes called "Ti Zwazo" or "Ti Zwezo". The song became a minor hit at #70 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for the Mills Brothers in 1959. Its most successful incarnation came in the summer of 1961 when the Arthur Lyman Group reached #4 on the Hot 100 and #2 on the newly formed Easy Listening chart with their Hawaiian flavored instrumental version, which bested a rival instrumental single release by Lawrence Welk (#61).
"Yellow Bird" has also been recorded by Keely Smith, Roger Whitaker, Davy Graham, Roger Williams, Johnny Tillotson, The Brothers Four, Gary Crosby, and Paul Clayton. The song continues to be popularly associated with calypso and the Caribbean, and is often performed by steelpan bands—but some versions, such as Chris Isaak's from "Baja Sessions", show a Hawaiian flavor.
Vivian Vance sung "Yellow Bird" on a two-part "Here's Lucy" episode, "Lucy Goes Hawaiian," which aired February 15 and Feb. 22, 1971. Vance sang it in a high falsetto, with a calypso beat—dressed in yellow with feathers like a canary (including a long tail feather—and perched on a swing decorated as a nest. A long spoken-word midsection features Vance riffing on the types of male birds she'd like to hook up with. A clip of this version is on YouTube. 
The 23 October 1989 broadcast of the CBS TV series "Murphy Brown" entitled "Miles' Big Adventure" ends with guest star Yeardley Smith serenading her unwilling object of desire Miles Silverberg with a snippet of "Yellow Bird".
An African percussion band played the song in a Full House episode, "The House Meets the House - Part 2" at Walt Disney World.
The Wiggles sing this song on their "Let's Eat" album and DV.D
"To Bowl or Not To Bowl," an episode of The Looney Tunes Show that first aired on July 27, 2011, featured an uptempo, ska-like version of "Yellow Bird" during the Merrie Melodies song segment of the same name performed by Holland Greco.
The song appears in the 2012 Australian movie "The Sapphires" and on the soundtrack album.
Don't Ever Love Me.
Harry Belafonte had a 1957 single release entitled "Don't Ever Love Me" that set different English lyrics (written by Lord Burgess to Michel Mauleart Monton's setting for "Choucune", initially the B-side of "Mama Look At Bubu" (#11), "Don't Ever Love Me" itself entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at #90.

</doc>
<doc id="9749978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749978" title="Josh Gifford">
Josh Gifford

Josh Gifford (3 August 1941 – 9 February 2012) was a jockey and trainer in National Hunt racing. He was a four-time Champion Jockey, riding 642 winners in his career. He retired from training in 2002, aged 60, and his son Nick Gifford took over training duties. Nick is married to Kristina Cook, an Olympic medal winning eventing.
Biography.
Gifford was born in Huntingdon. At the age of 28, he turned to training racehorses, with Frank Pullen being his first owner, and later trained Aldaniti, the winner of the 1981 Grand National. He was played by Edward Woodward in the 1983 film "Champions".
His training stables, which he took over from his former boss, Captain H. Ryan Price, were located in Findon, West Sussex.
His daughter, Kristina Cook, won two eventing bronze medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, in both the team and individual events, and a silver medal in the team event at the 2012 London Olympics.
He died in the early hours of 9 February 2012 at his Findon yard in West Sussex, after suffering a heart attack.
Sandown Racecourse have a race named in his honour at their end of season jumps finale meeting. The Josh Gifford Novices’ Handicap Chase is run over 2 miles 4 1/2 furlongs. It was first run in 2014. Previously there had been a Juvenile Hurdle on the same card named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9750033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750033" title="St Peter la Rocque">
St Peter la Rocque

St Peter La Rocque is an Anglican church in the Parish of Grouville, in Jersey.
It was built in 1852 to serve the fishing community which flourished at La Rocque, which was seen as necessary by the Rector of Grouville, Abraham Le Sueur. The location was intended to provide a church closer to the harbour at La Rocque than the Methodist church, then seen as a rival for the fishing congregation.
There have not been any structural alterations since it was built, but in the 1950s gifts were given including a carved oak eagle lectern, a Sanctuary Chair, and a Priest's Desk and Chair.

</doc>
<doc id="9750035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750035" title="Karanasa">
Karanasa

Karanasa is an Old World genus of Satyrinae (family Nymphalidae).

</doc>
<doc id="9750042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750042" title="Chlorine monoxide">
Chlorine monoxide

Chlorine monoxide is a chemical radical with the formula ClO. It plays an important role in the process of ozone depletion. In the stratosphere, chlorine atoms react with ozone molecules to form chlorine monoxide and oxygen.
This reaction causes the depletion of the ozone layer. This reaction can go on and the ClO· radicals can go on to react as such: 
regenerating the chlorine radical. In this way, the overall reaction for the decomposition of ozone is catalyzed by chlorine, as ultimately chlorine remains unchanged. The overall reaction is:
This has been a significant impact of the use of CFCs on the upper stratosphere. The nonreactive nature of CFC's allows them to pass into the stratosphere, where they undergo photo-dissociation to form Cl radicals. These then readily form chlorine monoxide, and this cycle can continue until two radicals react to form dichlorine dioxide, terminating the radical reaction. Because the concentration of CFCs in atmosphere is very low, the probability of a terminating reaction is exceedingly low, meaning each radical can decompose many thousands of molecules of ozone.

</doc>
<doc id="9750062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750062" title="Ben Honeyman">
Ben Honeyman

Ben Honeyman (born 14 February 1977 in Adelaide) is a former Australian football (soccer) player who currently plays cricket for Glenrothes Cricket Club.
Football career.
Honeyman began his career with Dundee United but made just two appearances, scoring on his début in the 1-0 Scottish Challenge Cup quarter-final away win over Clydebank in September 1995 and appearing as a substitute in the league defeat at Dumbarton eleven days later. Honeyman failed to appear in another matchday squad and began the following season with Forfar Athletic, where he stayed for three years. After a short spell at East Fife in 1999, Honeyman spent three years with Brechin City, where he finished his senior career in 2002. Following this, Honeyman spent time in junior football, earning a player/manager role with Arniston Rangers, which made him the league's youngest manager at 28 years old.
Cricket career.
In 2006, Honeyman turned his back on football and began playing cricket in Fife for Glenrothes, being appointed captain at the start of the 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9750065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750065" title="Sz.-Nagy's dilation theorem">
Sz.-Nagy's dilation theorem

The Sz.-Nagy dilation theorem (proved by Béla Szőkefalvi-Nagy) states that every contraction "T" on a Hilbert space "H" has a unitary dilation "U" to a Hilbert space "K", containing "H", with
Moreover, such a dilation is unique (up to unitary equivalence) when one assumes "K" is minimal, in the sense that the linear span of ∪"n""UnK" is dense in "K". When this minimality condition holds, "U" is called the minimal unitary dilation of "T".
Proof.
For a contraction "T" (i.e., (formula_2), its defect operator "DT" is defined to be the (unique) positive square root "DT" = ("I - T*T")½. In the special case that "S" is an isometry, the following is an Sz. Nagy unitary dilation of "S" with the required polynomial functional calculus property:
Also, every contraction "T" on a Hilbert space "H" has an isometric dilation, again with the calculus property, on
given by
Applying the above two constructions successively gives a unitary dilation for a contraction "T":
Schaffer form.
The Schaffer form of a unitary Sz. Nagy dilation can be viewed as a beginning point for the characterization of all unitary dilations, with the required property, for a given contraction.
Remarks.
A generalisation of this theorem, by Berger, Foias and Lebow, shows that if "X" is a spectral set for "T", and 
is a Dirichlet algebra, then "T" has a minimal normal "δX" dilation, of the form above. A consequence of this is that any operator with a simply connected spectral set "X" has a minimal normal "δX" dilation.
To see that this generalises Sz.-Nagy's theorem, note that contraction operators have the unit disc D as a spectral set, and that normal operators with spectrum in the unit circle "δ"D are unitary.

</doc>
<doc id="9750072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750072" title="Scott Perkins">
Scott Perkins

Scott Perkins is an international prize-winning composer, a tenor, an award-winning scholar, and a music educator. His music includes art songs, musical theatre, solo instrumental works, choral music, electroacoustic installations, and music for film and church, and has been performed throughout North America and Europe. The judges who awarded him a BMI Student Composer Award described his winning work as “a dramatic and strikingly beautiful example of choral writing which speaks to the heart as well as to the mind.” He has collaborated with musical and non-musical artists, including Tony Award-winning playwrights, Emmy-winning filmmakers, and prizewinning poets.
Perkins was born in New Britain, Connecticut, on June 25, 1980, to Catherine and Henry Perkins. He moved to Bristol, Connecticut, three years later. He began composing at the age of five; a year later, one of his pieces was performed on the carillon bells at Trinity College, in Hartford, CT. He studied composition at the Hartt School at age twelve, and won his first competition at 14; his winning work was performed by the Hartford Symphony Orchestra. Perkins was an active participant and, later, a leader in his middle- and high-school music programs, and was selected as a member of regional, and All-State bands and choirs as an alto saxophonist and a baritone singer. He graduated from Bristol Central High School in 1998.
Perkins studied music theory and composition with Martin Amlin, Richard Cornell, Charles Fussell, and Marjorie Merryman at the Boston University College of Fine Arts. He minored in vocal performance; his teachers were William Hite and Joy McIntyre. He won several departmental awards and prizes, and he graduated with highest honors in 2002.
He then pursued graduate studies in music theory pedagogy at the Eastman School of Music, earning a Master of Arts degree in 2004. He began a double-degree Ph.D. in music theory and composition but eventually elected to complete his degree in only composition with minors in music theory and music history. During his studies, he earned a second master’s degree in music theory. His primary composition teacher was Ricardo Zohn-Muldoon, and his dissertation was advised by Zohn-Muldoon, William Marvin, and David Liptak. His dissertation comprised ‘’The Revolt of the Angels’’, a six-movement work for organ, electric violin, and orchestra, and a thesis on the influence of Benjamin Britten’s ‘’Missa Brevis in D’’ on his ‘’War Requiem’’. An early version of his thesis was named the best student paper presented at an American Musicological Society chapter meeting.
While at Eastman, Perkins served on the faculty of Nazareth College (New York); he also taught courses at Eastman. He concertized as a tenor throughout the country and abroad, gave presentations on musical topics at Harvard University and the University of Chicago, directed choral ensembles, and co-founded the music organization Encore Music Creations. He moved to New Haven, Connecticut in 2010 and concentrated on writing music for the church and for theatre. His sacred choral music is performed throughout the United States and, as of March 2012, will be published by Augsburg Fortress. In 2011, he scored Sir Peter Shaffer’s play, ‘’The Gift of the Gorgon’’ in collaboration with the playwright. The play was performed at Guild Hall in East Hampton, New York, starring Alec Baldwin and directed by Tony Walton. His short opera "Charon," written with librettist Nat Cassidy, was commissioned by the Washington National Opera as part of its inaugural American Opera Initiative. It was premiered on November 19, 2012, at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., and received strong reviews: Philip Kennicott of the Washington Post wrote, “‘Charon’. . . works effectively because it establishes and maintains a single mood, intensifying to a dramatic conclusion. Melodic vocal fragments are set against more dissonant but colorful sounds in the instrumental ensemble.” Terry Ponick, writing for the Washington Times Communities praised Perkins for having “perfectly orchestrated” the “haunting music,” and he applauded Perkins and Cassidy for having created a work that makes a “visceral connection to own times.”
In the fall of 2012, Perkins was appointed Assistant Professor of Music at DePauw University, where he teaches courses in composition, music theory, and musicianship. He has also served as Instructor of Choral Studies at Interlochen Arts Camp and on the faculty at Central Connecticut State University and Nazareth College (New York).

</doc>
<doc id="9750106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750106" title="Sheeko (magazine)">
Sheeko (magazine)

Sheeko is a glossy lifestyle magazine aimed at Horn Africans (Somalis, Ethiopians and Eritreans). The magazine is published quarterly in London. It covers current events, health, fashion, beauty, career and contemporary living, topics that are of interest to the Horn African community.
History.
Sheeko Magazine was founded in 2005. It was conceived as a way to counter the negative stereotypes vis-a-vis the largely Muslim Horn African community that arose following the July 7, 2005 bombings in London.
Mission.
Sheeko endeavours to pull together Somalis, Eritreans and Ethiopians, or rather, the Horn of Africa collectively. The term "Sheeko" means "narrative" or "story" in the Somali language.

</doc>
<doc id="9750119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750119" title="Bacardi cocktail">
Bacardi cocktail

The Bacardi cocktail is an IBA Official Cocktail made primarily with Bacardi Superior. It is served as a "pre-dinner" cocktail.
History.
The Bacardi Cocktail was originally the same as the Daiquiri, containing rum, lemon juice, and sugar; The Grenadine version of the Bacardi Cocktail originated in the US, while the original non-red Bacardi company recipe originated from Cuba.
First citations.
Modern Bacardi Cocktail Recipe.
Shake & strain into a cocktail glass, and add a lime wedge garnish.
"Recipes for Mixed Drinks" by Hugo Ensslin, 1917.
Bacardi Cocktail
Shake well in a mixing glass with cracked ice, strain and serve.
BACARDI Algunos De Sus Muchos Usos. ("Bacardi some of its many uses") (1930–1937).
Bacardi Coctel (Daiquiri Bacardi)
Agitese con hielo picado y sirvase en vasos de coctel. Puede ser servido colado o sin colar.
IMPORTANTE: No altere el orden de los ingredientes.
"Bacardi some of its many uses", 1937.
Bacardi Cocktail aka Daiquiri.
Correct recipe:
Mix thoroughly, then shake well in cracked ice. May be served strained or unstrained. Important: Do not alter the order of the ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="9750123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750123" title="Amir Murtono">
Amir Murtono

Amir Murtono (Nganjuk, East Java, 7 July 1924), also spelled Amir Moertono, was an Indonesian General during Suharto's New Order regime who gained prominence as Chairman of Golkar from 1973 to 1983.
Early life.
Amir Murtono was born on 7 July 1924 in Kertosono, East Java. He completed his primary and secondary education by 1945.
Military career.
After the Indonesian Declaration of Independence, Amir, like many his age joined the Military. He began as a Company Commander in Surabaya before being appointed Deputy Secretary of the Army Territorial Staff in the same city. He was then transferred to Yogyakarta, the center of the Indonesian National Revolution and appointed Army Staff Personnel Organizer there. It was here that he became acquainted with Suharto. Amir became close enough to Suharto that he lodged at Suharto's house with Suharto's younger brother, Probosutejo. Amir was also transferred to Suharto's Brigade.
In 1948, when the Dutch took Yogyakarta, Suharto was forced to go into the woods to fight guerilla warfare. Suharto entrusted his wife's security to Amir and instructed him to evacuate her if necessary. In 1949, Amir took part in the 1st March General Offensives and was placed in charge of the troops attacking the city itself. When the Dutch began to consider retreating, Amir was placed in charge of the handling of prisoners of war. He was also once again appointed a Personnels Officer at the Army headquarters.
From this point on, Amir did not take any more field assignments. From 1950 to 1959, he was a legal advisor at the Army Headquarters and also took the opportunity to complete a course at the Military Laws Academy in 1957. In 1960, he was Chairman of the Mass Mobilization for the Liberation of West Irian National Front before being transferred to KODAM VI/Siliwangi as its judicial officer. He was also Materials Assistant for the Development of Functional Potential at the Army Headquarters. In 1962, he became Chairman of the West Irian War Theater Field Council. The next year, in 1963, Amir graduated from the University of Military Laws and from there, he worked under ABRI Chief of Staff Abdul Haris Nasution as Deputy Secretary for Functional Affairs.
New Order.
When Suharto became President in 1968, Amir was appointed Director for ABRI's Social Political Development. In 1969, he held a similar position in the Ministry of Defense of Security as the Assistant for Social Political Development. In 1973, Amir was elected as the Chairman of Golkar and re-elected in 1978 before being replaced by Sudharmono. During his 10 years as Chairman, Amir guided Golkar to victory in the 1977 and 1982 Legislative Elections with 62% and 64% of the votes respectively. In 1982, Amir was elected Deputy Head of the People's Representative Council (DPR)/Vice Chairman of the People's Consultative Assembly (MPR). Whilst Deputy Head of DPR/Vice Chairman of MPR, Amir received a Doctorate from National Chengchi University in Taipei assisted by his consultant Frank Sit in the upgradation of an amicable relation between Indonesia and Taiwan.
By his own accounts, Amir was deeply involved in Suharto's selection of his Vice Presidents. He was the man who delivered Suharto's message to Hamengkubuwono IX, he suggested Adam Malik and was the first man to be told when Suharto intended to pick Umar Wirahadikusumah.
Personal life.
Amir was married to Naniek Kusmani, with whom he had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="9750125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750125" title="Ignatiigränd">
Ignatiigränd

Ignatiigränd (Swedish: "Ignatius's Alley") is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching from Västerlånggatan to Stora Nygatan, it forms a parallel street to Göran Hälsinges Gränd and Gåsgränd.
History.
The alley is called "Mårten Klinks gränd" ("Mårten Klink's alley") in 1606 in reference to a local proprietor and in 1661 it is referred to as "Mårten Klinkas eller Ignatij Grendh" ("Mårten Klink's or Ignatius's alley"). The latter was a famous printer named Ignatius Meurer (1589–1672) who was, according to a memorial verse found in the Royal Library, born in Blankenburg, Schwarzburg, Germany, immigrated to Stockholm in 1610 and eventually through marriage became the owner of a printing workshop and settled in the block north of the alley. He is known to have produced the city law of 1628, introducing the Antiqua typeface in Sweden. (See also Staffan Sasses Gränd.)
The first element of the name, "Ignatii-", is the Latin genitive form of Ignatius (e.g. Ignatius's; of Ignatius).

</doc>
<doc id="9750137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750137" title="Edward Cronshaw">
Edward Cronshaw

Edward Cronshaw is an English sculptor. Cronshaw works exclusively in natural materials—wood, stone, fruit, bone—and casts them in bronze. His work is usually representative, but attempts to maintain the innate characteristics of the original material.
Beginnings.
Cronshaw was born near the town of Blackburn in the heart of industrial Lancashire, but raised in the rural Pendle district, near a hill named Cronshaw's Seat. The ranch was sold in 1997 although Cronshaw no longer lived there at that time. At present he lives in the West Riding town of Todmorden, in the Calderdale metropolitan district. His career as a sculptor began while he was living at Hebden Bridge.
Blackburn was Cronshaw's childhood home; he did a foundation course at Blackburn College. From there he went on to the Leeds school of art and finished his BA at Saint Martin's School of Art in 1984.
In the years 1985 to 1986, Cronshaw studied for an MA in fine art at the Royal College of Art.
Exhibitions and major works.
Cronshaw's work has been displayed at galleries and exhibitions including the Rebecca Hossack gallery (London), the Caz gallery (Los Angeles), the Henry Moore Gallery (Leeds), the Royal Academy Summer Show, the Los Angeles International Contemporary Art Fair, the Liverpool Garden Festival and the Third World and Beyond International Art Fair in Sicily. 
Cronshaw was commissioned to create sculptures for Liverpool City Council and for the Boots PLC head office in Nottingham. The latter was a statue of the earth goddess Gaia, Gaia's body clothed in 3,000 succulent plants intended to suggest the transitory nature of life. The statue was cast by means of the lost wax method at Cronshaw's studio/foundry at the Dean Clough complex in Halifax, Calderdale.
The sculpture created for Liverpool City Council was named 'The Great Escape' by Cronshaw. It is a bronze horse, high and 4 tons in weight, formed entirely from rope in a spaghetti fashion. At the tail a piece of rope extends to the ground where a life-size sculpture of a man steps on it, forcing the horse to rear and apparently unravel itself.
Currently Cronshaw is continuing to work on his popular Midas Project of bronze succulent plants, as well as initiating a campaign to improve the environment of his adopted home of Todmorden by placing sculptures in and around the town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="9750146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750146" title="John Caulfeild">
John Caulfeild

Colonel John Caulfeild (1661–1707), styled The Honourable from birth, was an Irish soldier and politician.
He was the fourth son of the 1st Viscount Charlemont and his wife Hon. Sarah Moore, second daughter of the 2nd Viscount Moore. Caulfield was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and was appointed Burgess of Charlemont in 1697. From 1703 to 1707, he was Member of Parliament (MP) for Charlemont.
Caulfeild was married to Sydney Somerville, daughter of James Somerville. They had a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9750148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750148" title="DIME-C">
DIME-C

DIME-C is a C to HDL tool developed by Nallatech it is part of their DIMEtalk Design Tools suite. It includes an editor, a compiler and a parallelization visualizer. It supports the majority of ANSI C. It generates VHDL.

</doc>
<doc id="9750151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750151" title="William Hotchkiss III">
William Hotchkiss III

"For the Distinguished Service Cross recipient, see William Hotchkiss (United States Army)."
Lieutenant General William K. Hotchkiss (born January 8, 1943) is the current Director General of the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines. He was the current President of the Cantilan Bank, a rural bank in Surigao del Sur. He become the 24th commanding general of the Philippine Air Force (PAF).
He served various positions in preparation to the more demanding position in the PAF. He was a member of the famed Blue Diamonds, a combat ready pilot. On November 29, 1996, he became the Commanding General of the PAF. Further, in line with environmental protection, he is an "ex officio" member of the Philippine Eagle Foundation.
Military career.
Hotchkiss joined the Philippine Air Force as cadet in Philippine Air Force Flying School in 1962 where he graduated in 1964. He became an instructor pilot after graduation.
In 1966, he joined the 5th Fighter Wing in Basa Air Base where he stayed for ten years and became a member of Elite Blue Diamonds of the Philippine Air Force. He flew 79 combat sorties against the enemies of the state at that time.
Over the years of dedicated service in the Philippine Air Force, he garnered several awards and decorations, in recognition of his professionalism and outstanding contribution and was assigned to different key sensitive positions up the ladder until he assumed position as the 24th Commanding General of the Philippine Air Force in November 29, 1996 until 1999.
Cantilan Bank.
After his retirement in 1999, Hotchkiss joined the Cantilan Bank, a rural bank jointly founded by his father and sixteen other incorporatiors in 1980.
Now, it holds distinction as the most recognized rural bank in the country and the only community bank that is compliant with international standards.
Currently, Hotchkiss is the president and chairman of the board of Cantilan Bank.
CAAP Director General.
In August 29, 2012, Hotchkiss appointed as director general of the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP), ending a two-month stint as a mere director and officer in charge of an agency vital to aviation reforms.
He is the current Director General of the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines. He was the current President of the Cantilan Bank, a rural bank in Surigao del Sur. He become the 24th commanding general of the Philippine Air Force (PAF).
He served various positions in preparation to the more demanding position in the PAF. He was a member of the famed Blue Diamonds, a combat ready pilot. On November 29, 1996, he became the Commanding General of the PAF. Further, in line with environmental protection, he is an "ex officio" member of the Philippine Eagle Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="9750153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750153" title="Moccus">
Moccus

Moccus is a Celtic god who was equated with Mercury. He may have been associated with hunting. "Moccus" is a Gaulish word for "pig" or "hog", and Moccus may have been the protector of boar hunters among the tribe of the Lingones, where he was invoked at the tribal centre, Langres.

</doc>
<doc id="9750162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750162" title="Hunting High and Low (A-ha song)">
Hunting High and Low (A-ha song)

"Hunting High and Low" is a song by Norwegian new wave band a-ha. It was released as the fifth international and final single from the band's debut album, "Hunting High and Low".
Release and reception.
"Hunting High and Low" was released in the summer of 1986 and became the third most successful single from "Hunting High and Low" on the rock charts and one of the band's most recognizable and popular songs. The song didn't chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100, but charted in Britain where its peak was #5 and in Ireland where it peaked at #4. 
The album version was produced by Tony Mansfield and is played with synthesizers, the single remix produced by Alan Tarney features an orchestra.
Coldplay has been known to perform this song in concert, with a special nod to the band of their initial inspiration.
"Hunting High and Low" is one of a-ha's most famous songs and is part of their live set. The song appears on the live album "How Can I Sleep with Your Voice in My Head".
World Sales: 1,500,000 copies.
Music video.
This was the last video from the band's debut album which was directed by Steve Barron.
The UK TV show "Blue Peter" featured a making-of-the-video special on "Hunting High and Low" to demonstrate the morphing effects of Morten into animals. 
The video starts with a lonely Morten walking across a snowy landscape which then cuts to a silhouette of the band in a studio with Morten on Vocals, Mags on Piano and Pål on Guitar. The film then cuts back to show Morten turn into an Eagle using animation and fly off across the snowscape into a city.
With the orchestral part of the song starting the video then goes back to the silhouettes of the band, this time with an orchestra animated like a rotoscope.
With Morten now back again as a human he is seen standing on top of a cliff face about to dive off of it. When he does he turns into a shark and swims off across the ocean. As the film continues, a woman is shown on a beach who sees the shark and steps into the water. All of a sudden two hunters spear the shark and try to drag it onto the beach. As they do so, the shark turns into a lion and runs off into the wilderness.
As the film moves toward the end, the silhouettes of Morten, Magne and Pal become full colour ... and a hunter is seen lining up the lion in his sights, about to shoot. The woman from the beach stops the hunter.
The basic idea behind the video is that love brings a man back in various forms to be near the woman he loves.
Track listing.
7" Single:
12" Single:
Covers.
Hunting High and Low has been covered by several artists over the years, either recorded, live performance or both. Some of the artists that have performed this song include:

</doc>
<doc id="9750165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750165" title="Maxwell W. Strange">
Maxwell W. Strange

Maxwell William Strange (March 22, 1820 – September 28, 1880) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure. He represented Kingston in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1867 to 1871 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Kingston in 1820, the son of John Strange who represented Frontenac in the Upper Canada assembly. Served in the Kingston Volunteer Rifles during the Rebellion of 1837. Afterwards Lieutenant Colonel in the Canadian Militia, commanded the Cavalry-No.3 Military District and then the Cavalry and Rifles in Kingston. Strange was called to the bar in 1845. In 1849, he married Charlotte Anna, the daughter of Dr. James Campbell and sister of Sir Alexander Campbell, Lieutenant-Governor of Ontario, 1887. In 1854, he ran unsuccessfully in Frontenac for a seat in the legislative assembly for the Province of Canada. He defeated doctor John Stewart for the seat in the provincial assembly in 1867. Strange was also a Justice of the Peace, a police magistrate and vice-president of the Commercial Bank. Father of seven.
His brother Orlando Sampson was a doctor and served as mayor of Kingston.

</doc>
<doc id="9750175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750175" title="Bishop Alemany High School">
Bishop Alemany High School

Bishop Alemany High School is a Roman Catholic secondary school located in the San Fernando Valley community of Mission Hills in Los Angeles, California. It is within the San Fernando Pastoral Region of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. The school is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
History.
Founded in 1947 as a school for girls, it was originally named St. Ferdinand High School. In 1956, the school admitted boys for the first time, and changed its name to Bishop Alemany High School. The school's present namesake is Joseph Sadoc Alemany, the first archbishop of San Francisco.
Alemany used to be located on the north side of Rinaldi St, just east of Sepulveda Blvd, but the Northridge earthquake in 1994 forced the school to move across the street into the nearby buildings of Our Lady Queen of Angels Seminary at the historic San Fernando Mission. The high school shared the campus with the seminarians for one year. The seminary closed in 1995. The 1971 Sylmar Earthquake did considerable damage to Alemany's campus, as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9750193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750193" title="Gebrinius">
Gebrinius

Gebrinius is a local Celtic version of the god Mercury. In the 2nd century AD an altar was set up at Bonn to honour him. The stone depicts the god in full Roman aspect, but is nevertheless dedicated to "Mercury Gebrinius", perhaps of the name of a local divinity of the Ubii, whose cult was linked to that of the Roman god.

</doc>
<doc id="9750194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750194" title="West Metro">
West Metro

West Metro was a proposed metro line running from the inner-western suburbs of Sydney, Australia to the Sydney CBD. It was to be undertaken by the NSW State Government. The concept was for the metro line to link Parramatta with the Sydney CBD within 25 minutes of travel time. The proposed Euro-style metro, had it been built, would have offered a rail service of one train every four to five minutes (three minutes during peak hours). It would have run on conventional standard gauge track, similar to the existing CityRail network, but was likely to be operated without drivers. It was proposed to run single deck rolling stock along the route of the proposed West Metro.
The West Metro was cancelled on 21 February 2010, by NSW Premier Kristina Kenneally as part of the "Metropolitan Transport Plan: Connecting the City of Cities, 2010".
Proposed route.
The final proposal revealed had the West Metro running from Westmead to Central station, connecting with the proposed CBD Metro at Central station. The new metro stations would have provided connections with existing CityRail network at Central, Strathfield, Olympic Park, Camellia, Parramatta, and Westmead stations.
The route of the now-defunct Metro proposal included 11 new metro stations in addition to the CBD Metro:
Benefits.
The project, although now cancelled, was prompted by congestion on Sydney's westbound trains and roads, the growing importance of Parramatta as a business centre, higher petrol prices, public opposition to tolled roads and environmental concerns. An unreleased government document leaked to "The Daily Telegraph" suggests that such a train would have eliminated the need of around 18 million car trips per year, reducing between 34,000 and 45,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions being injected into the atmosphere.
History.
In 2004, the NSW State Government proposed a $2 billion privately funded underground and above-ground train line Western FastRail that would link central Sydney with Western Sydney. The concept was re-proposed in December 2006 by then federal Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd during a visit to Penrith should the Australian Labor Party win the 2007 Federal Election. The plan has received approving comments by the NSW State Government. The line was also backed by a consortium led by union leader Michael Easson, which includes Dutch bank ABN AMRO and Australian construction company Leighton Holdings.
The proposed Western FastRail consisted of two 26 km underground tunnels that will link the Sydney CBD with Parramatta, with high-speed trains transversing across the distance in eleven minutes at speeds of up to 160 km/h. The line would continue above-ground to Blacktown in six minutes, and onwards to Penrith in a further eleven minutes. However, with the introduction of Sydney Metro initiative, the role of linking Western Sydney with the Sydney CBD may have been replaced with the proposed West Metro instead.
On 8 March 2008, the then Premier Morris Iemma announced the West Metro as part of the larger SydneyLink initiative which also included the now-defunct North West Metro. This SydneyLink concept had a northern alignment along Parramatta Road costing around $6–8 billion or a southern alignment following CityRail's Main Suburban railway line costing $8–10 billion, either alignment taking 8 to 10 years to complete. However, SydneyLink was subsequently cancelled by Premier Nathan Rees on 11 November 2008. The Australian Federal Government then allocated $20 million to conduct a West Metro feasibility study in the 2008/09 Federal Budget, in conjunction with the NSW State Government. Two new alignments were proposed for the West Metro on 6 January 2009: a northern alignment through North Leichhardt and Five Dock; and a southern alignment following Parramatta Road. Both routes would run via Strathfield station and Olympic Park station., 
The northern alignment would connect with the CBD Metro through:
The southern alignment would have connected with the CBD Metro through:
On 12 May 2009, in the Australian Federal Budget 2009/10 delivered by Treasurer Wayne Swan, a funding of $91 million was allocated to planning, design and land acquisitions for the West Metro.
Other proposed extensions.
According to Sydney Metro Authority's publications, the West Metro was intended, when still viable as a project, to connect with the CBD Metro to Rozelle, then extending to Epping via Macquarie Park following a North West metro extension, forming part of the proposed City West Line (Metro Line 1). However, as the current West Metro is now cancelled, further investigation and studies are required to be undertaken for the extensions.

</doc>
<doc id="9750202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750202" title="Mak Sai Ying">
Mak Sai Ying

Mak Sai Ying (; b. ca. 1796, Canton, China; d. 18 June 1880, Sydney, Australia) was the first known Chinese born settler to Australia, arriving in 1818. He was known by many names, including John Pong Shying, Mak Sai Pang, Mai Shi Ying, Mark Opong, and (possibly) John Sheen.
He worked as a carpenter, living with John Blaxland on his Newington Estate. After three years, he worked at Elizabeth Farm for Elizabeth Macarthur, the pastoralist.
He married Sarah Jane Thompson (b: abt 1802, United Kingdom d: 27 March 1836, Parramatta) on 3 February 1823 in St John's Church of England, Parramatta.
It is believed a linen press, made for Elizabeth MacArthur (in 1824), still exists, and is on display at Milton House museum. The item may have been made without nails. The bookkeepers entry of payment still exists.
Mak Sai Ying returned to China for five years, 1831 to 1836. He may have worked as a port liaison. He returned to Sydney, on the death of his first wife. The first opium war began two years later. During this time, land he negotiated for from the NSW Colony had been allocated elsewhere. Sarah had a letter from the Attorney General of NSW explaining why the land had been re allocated.
He married Bridget Gillorley on 10 October 1842, but she died some six months later.
He is known to have negotiated a sale of the Peacock Inn in Parramatta, New South Wales (a western suburb of Sydney) in 1844. He had been the builder.

</doc>
<doc id="9750204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750204" title="Peter Scudamore">
Peter Scudamore

Peter Scudamore (born June 1958), known universally as 'Scu', is a former jockey and trainer in National Hunt racing. He was an eight-time Champion Jockey (including one title shared with John Francome), riding 1,678 winners in his career. He received an MBE for his services to the sport of horse racing.
Early life.
Scudamore was born in June 1958 to jockey Michael Scudamore and his wife Mary. Michael Scudamore won the 1959 Grand National on Oxo, when his son was still a baby. Scudamore remembers little about his father's career, except for the fall that ended it. He has, however, spoken of his father's toughness as a jockey and of wanting to live up to him.
Racing career.
Scudamore's first competitive ride came in 1978, the start of a 15-year career which would see him break many jumps racing records.
He benefited particularly from being stable jockey for the record breaking trainer Martin Pipe and the partnership was an 
extremely successful one throughout the 1980s and early 1990s.
As well as setting the then all-time career record of 1,678 winners, he also set the record for most winners in a season (221) in 1988-89, surpassing Jonjo O'Neill's mark to become the first jockey to exceed 150 in one season. Although both records have since been surpassed, Scudamore's records were set before the advent of year-round National Hunt racing. In all, he was champion eight times.
He won 13 times at the Cheltenham Festival including two Champion Hurdles - Celtic Shot in 1988 and Granville Again in 1993 - and a Queen Mother Champion Chase on Pearlyman. Other major victories included the Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup (twice), Mackeson Gold Cup, four Welsh Nationals (including two on Bonanza Boy) and two Scottish Nationals. Horses with which he was associated during his racing career included Grand National winners Miinnehoma and Little Polveir although he himself won neither a National, nor a Cheltenham Gold Cup nor a King George.
He retired on 7 April 1993 with a winning ride on Sweet Duke at Ascot, his 1,678th winner.
Post-retirement.
Immediately after retirement, Scudamore became assistant trainer to his business partner Nigel Twiston-Davies. 
He now lives with, and is assistant trainer to, successful Scottish jumps trainer, Lucinda Russell at Arlary House Stables near Milnathort.
He has also pursued a career in media, featuring regularly as a pundit on BBC racing coverage and writing a racing column for the Daily Mail.
He is involved with his son Michael’s yard in Herefordshire and his other son Tom Scudamore is also now a professional jockey. 
Peter is second cousin to current Chief Executive of the F.A. Premier League, Richard Scudamore.

</doc>
<doc id="9750205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750205" title="Chinese Nicaraguan">
Chinese Nicaraguan

Chinese Nicaraguans (Simplified Chinese: 尼加拉瓜华人 Pinyin: "níjiālāguā huá rén" Spanish: "Chino Nicaragüense") are Nicaraguans of Chinese ancestry who immigrated to or born in Nicaragua. They are part of the ethnic Chinese diaspora (or Overseas Chinese).
Chinese people first arrived in Nicaragua's Caribbean coast in the latter part of the 19th century, and most of them settled in cities such as Bluefields, El Bluff, Laguna de Perlas, and Puerto Cabezas. The Chinese immigrants dominated the commerce of the main coastal towns on the Caribbean coast prior to 1879. Then in the late 19th century, they began migrating to the Pacific lowlands of the country.
History.
The Chinese were thought to have arrived in Nicaragua in the late 19th century, the majority of which came from China's Guǎngdōng (广东) province. This supposition remained unsubstantiated until the second census (in 1920) revealed that 400 citizens of Chinese nationality lived in Nicaragua. According to documents, the population of Puerto Cabezas in the R.A.A.N. department was formed not only by the Miskitos, but by communities of Jamaicans, Germans and also Chinese in 1925. Also, the community of Chinese immigrants in Bluefields was thought to be the largest in Central America. The first Chinese consul came to Nicaragua in 1930.
Many Chinese in Nicaragua committed themselves to the commerce industry and opened businesses. They also dedicated themselves to the candy, soap, and clothing industries. They dominated the commerce of the main coastal towns on the Caribbean coast prior to 1979.
Immigration.
Although information about when the Chinese first arrived in Nicaragua is scarce, Fernando Centeno Chiong, a Nicaraguan historian, journalist and university professor of Chinese descent, published an article in La Prensa about the presence of the Chinese. Chiong wrote that there are some references that exist stating that the Chinese first arrived in Nicaragua in the mid-19th century, most notably during the California Gold Rush, in which people from all over the world traveled to California to mine for gold, tens of thousands of whom travelled by steamboats operated by the Accessory Transit Company, whose director was Commodore Cornelius Vanderbilt. The steamboats' course went up the San Juan River, a site that had been proposed for the Nicaragua Canal, Chiong wrote:
During that time, there were restrictions that prohibited the entrance of Asian citizens in the country, in spite of which, many of them defied the prohibition and settled in what is thought to have been the first Chinese presence in the American continent, perhaps before the arrival of these citizens to Peru or Panama.
Shortly after World War II, which began in 1939 and ended in 1945, large quantities of Chinese began arriving in Nicaragua, but during the 1979 Sandinista revolution, many fled to nearby Honduras, Costa Rica, and the USA.
Migration to the Pacific Coast.
The Chinese had begun heading to the Pacific side of Nicaragua and therefore started to settle in the cities of Managua, Granada, Leon, and Masaya at the end of the 19th century. The majority of them were men, many of whom converted to Christianity, and married Nicaraguan women, introducing the country to last names such as: Lau, Sujo, Chang, Cheng, Siu, Law, Quant, Chow, Chiong, Kuan, Wong, Samqui, Saint and Loyman, all of which represent the descendants of the first immigrants. It is approximated that the Taiwanese are descendants of 15 families. Also, there are an estimated 7,000 people who speak Chinese.
Clubs and associations.
Chinese Club and the Chinese Nicaraguan Association.
The first club founded for Chinese Nicaraguans, "Club Chino" (Chinese Club), was conformed in the South Atlantic region on Nicaragua's Caribbean coast. It wasn't until the 1940s that the club expanded into the capital city of Managua, after which the "Asociación China Nicaragüense" (Chinese Nicaraguan Association) was founded and became one of the most active and important associations of Nicaragua, due to the great economic power that the Chinese represented in the nation.
Chinese Nicaraguan Association after the Sandinista revolution.
During the Sandinista revolution, many Chinese Nicaraguans emigrated to neighboring countries and the United States, causing the association to be inactive for approximately 10 years. That changed, however, in 1992, after some members approached the Chinese ambassador and expressed to him the importance to celebrate the Republic of China's Double Tenth Day (双十节).
Other active clubs/associations include the Club de Jóvenes Chinos de Nicaragua (Club of Chinese Teens of Nicaragua).

</doc>
<doc id="9750229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750229" title="Thomas Wilson Paterson">
Thomas Wilson Paterson

Thomas Wilson Paterson (6 December 1851 – 28 August 1921) was a Canadian railway contractor, politician, and the ninth Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.
Born in Darnel, Scotland, he immigrated to Canada with his parents.He was raised in Ontario. After moving to British Columbia in 1885, he helped to build the Esquimalt & Nanaimo Railway line on Vancouver Island. Paterson married Emma Elizabeth Riley in 1886. In 1895, he became general manager of the Victoria and Sidney Railway. Paterson was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in an 1902 by-election held following the death of John Paton Booth. In 1903, he was elected to the assembly for the riding of The Islands. In 1907, he was defeated when running for mayor of Victoria and was not re-elected to the Legislative Assembly in the 1907 election. From 1909 to 1914, he was the Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia. He retired in 1914 and died in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="9750231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750231" title="Crawford, Tiruchirappalli">
Crawford, Tiruchirappalli

Crawford is an area in the city of Trichy in the state of TamilNadu in India. This area is located on Madurai Road (NH45B) 2.5 km from Trichy Central Bus Stand & 2 km from Trichy Railway Station. Crawford is surrounded by TamilNadu Special Police Quarters to the north, Military Camp to the east and Railway Quarters to the west.
Demographics.
Residents are usually bankers, business people, teachers and clerical workers. The locality has an equal combination of middle-class and upper-middle-class people.
History.
In the early 1920s Thiru. T.S.Arokiyasamy Pillai arranged to buy acres of land from the Kirappatti village community and established a colony for Roman Catholics. He and his friends, all the pioneers down from clustered Trichy town chose this thorn infested barren vacant area for their future residences and christened this as "Crawford Colony" on 28.05.1927. Early in those days this area was not developed. The pioneers formed a cooperative society under No:R 305 on 28.08.1927 naming it as 'Crawford Catholic Cooperative Building Society.'Very large plots of size 150 feet by 90 feet, with wide roads were formed.
Electricity was unknown then. Mr. T.S. Arokiasamy Pillai started a rice mill as suggested by the then electric supply company - S.M.E.S.Company and brought electricity to this area. The pioneers built a catholic church and named it St.Therasa's church. The church was completed and consecrated in 1934. To honor the initiative and contribution of Mr. T.S.Arokiasamy Pillai a stone inscription has been erected on the church front wall. The pioneers felt the need for a school and apportioned a space for it and The Little Flower Elementary School came up there. It is managed by the sisters of St.Anne, Trichy. A machine shop cum fabrication industry was started on the west side of the colony across the Madurai road which provided employment for local people. The land to the south of Colony Main Road was farm -land and the present day TSA Nagar, Anbu Nagar, State Bank Officers' Colony,were the off-shoots of the well laid out Crawford Colony and became part and parcel of it.
Facilities.
Important areas include Crawford colony,Cauvery nagar, Muslim street, T.S.A Nagar ( promoted by heirs of Mr.T.S. Arockiyasamy Pillai,) Convent Street, Mission Kovil Street, Pillaiyar Kovil Street, Gandhi Nagar, Anbu Nagar,Arunachalam Nagar, Bharathi Nagar, Pushpam Colony, SBI Officers Colony and Arockiya Nagar.

</doc>
<doc id="9750233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750233" title="Bryn Meredith">
Bryn Meredith

Brinley "Bryn" Victor Meredith (born 21 October 1930 in Abersychan) was a rugby union international. Meredith was a mobile hooker, he was selected 34 times for Wales between 1954 and 1962, but missed 2 matches for health and family bereavement reasons.
British Lion.
In 1955 he was part of the British Lions tour of South Africa, in which the British tourists shared the Test series against South Africa 2-2 and Meredith scored his record six tries, including the pick of the second international in Cape Town. The Lions lost, but their hooker enhanced his reputation by winning a crucial strike in the scrum and then having the pace to get himself among the three-quarters and pop up outside centre Phil Davies to take a scoring pass.
On the 1955 Lions Tour the all-Welsh front row of Billy Williams, Bryn Meredith and Courtney Meredith was selected for a Lions test match. This did not occur again until June 2009 when Gethin Jenkins, Adam Jones and Matthew Rees were selected as the British and Irish Lions front row for the 2nd Test against South Africa.
In 1959, Meredith was a Lion again, but found himself in the unfortunate position of competing against tour captain Ronnie Dawson for a place in the Test team. Consequently, he finished as the only Lion not to appear in an international, although many judges felt he should have been selected for the final match of the series.
Captaincy of the team against the Junior All Blacks was a small consolation, but he never complained about his lot and even appeared as a flanker when injuries demanded on the Australian leg of the tour.
In 1962, Meredith was a live candidate for the tour captaincy himself, and although he missed out to Arthur Smith he added to his reputation in South Africa once more with another excellent tour capped by appearances in all four Tests.
He retired at the end of that tour, having played eight Tests for the Lions. He was voted his country's sportsman of the year in his final season.
Club career.
Meredith played his club rugby for London Welsh and Newport.
He is generally considered to be one of the finest forwards of all time, and is almost obligatorily found in selections of "the greatest Welsh Rugby Teams of all time".

</doc>
<doc id="9750245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750245" title="La Révolution française (film)">
La Révolution française (film)

La Révolution française is a two-part film, co-produced by France, Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom and Canada. The first part, titled "La Révolution française: les Années lumière" ("The Years of Light") was directed by Robert Enrico. The second part, "La Révolution française: les Années terribles" ("The Years of Terror"), was directed by Richard T. Heffron. The full movie runs at 360 minutes, but the edited-for-television version is slightly longer.
The film was produced in 1989 for the 200th anniversary of the French Revolution. It purports to tell a faithful and neutral story of the Revolution, from the calling of the Estates-General to the death of Maximilien de Robespierre. The film was high-budgeted and boasted an international cast. It was shot in French and English.
Reception.
The film was generally considered rather historically accurate. Among the few departures from the historical facts, the executioner Charles-Henri Sanson was shown executing both Louis XVI and Marie-Antoinette. The elder Sanson actually executed only Louis XVI; it was his son executed the Marie-Antoinette.
Some critics pointed, however, that the film suffered from its neutrality, which resulted in a lack of point of view and in some incoherences. The first part, which dealt with a rather complex historical subject, was also criticized for its disjointed pacing. The second part was considered more gripping and dramatic. Jean-François Balmer received great praise for his portrayal of a rather sympathetic Louis XVI, and Andrzej Seweryn was considered very convincing as Robespierre.
The film was not a box office success in France, as the celebrations for the Revolution's bicentennial were not attracting much audience.

</doc>
<doc id="9750291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750291" title="Pomona High School (Arvada, Colorado)">
Pomona High School (Arvada, Colorado)

Pomona High School is a public secondary school operated by Jefferson County School District R-1 in Arvada, Colorado, United States.
History.
Pomona High School was built in 1973 and named for the nearby Pomona Lakes. Located in Arvada, Colorado and a part of the Jefferson County Public School district, the school has also been said to be named for the area which was once named the Pomona Ranch. The original farm house for the Pomona Ranch was located at the current spot of McDonald's at the corner of 80th Ave. and Wadsworth Blvd. 
The building went through reconstruction adding a two story section in 1994 and 1995 which currently houses the Social Studies and World Language departments. At present, the only part of the school that has remained in the same spot is the gym, although the floor and bleachers were redone in 2008. 
Fun Facts:
Pomona High School is well known for its After Prom. A committee of parents, faculty and coaches plan a year in advance for this night. Students are enjoying a safe and stimulating atmosphere which entices young adults from the entire county.
In the 2009-2010 academic year the football team took second place in the 5A state championship game, losing to Mullen High School. The team finished the season with a 12-2 record.
In 2010, The Catwalk Theatre Company's production of "The Servant of Two Masters" was selected to present at the 46th Annual Colorado State Thespian Conference. Currently, they are taking the performance metaphorically associated with "wrestling" to a national audience.
Students.
Demographics (2004–2005):
Student Activities.
Athletics.
State championships:
Varsity Sports:
Arts.
The Pomona Band offers 3 concert bands, marching band, 2 jazz ensembles, winter guard, winter percussion ensemble and orchestra. The marching band has won 11 marching band state championships in class 5A from 1994 through 2005 and appeared in the Tournament of Roses Parade in 1996 and 2005 and placed 5th in the 1996 BOA National Championships. The band also placed 14th in the 2003 BOA National Championships.
The Pomona Winter Guard and Percussion Ensemble were the 2004 Winter Guard International World Finalist. The Winter Guard took first place at the 1994 and 1999 WGI national competitions. The Winter Percussion ensemble took 3rd place at the 1999 WGI competition in Open Class and 2nd place in the 2000 Open Class Competition. The Pomona Symphonic Band was a 2000, 2003 and 2006 Colorado Music Educator's Association (CMEA) Honor Band.
In the 2005 school year, the Pomona Arts and Humanities program (PAH) was created. The PAH program is a specialized set of core studies for students who have a passion for creative learning and arts based education. The audition-based program is home to close to 300 students. Achievement levels in PAH based on standardized testing, including the CSAP and ACT tests, are consistently the highest in the school, and amongst the top in the district. In 2010, PAH was the only subset of tested students to meet ALL of the college ready benchmarks set by the ACT in the school.
Notable Alumni.
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2249477/

</doc>
<doc id="9750293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750293" title="Sándor">
Sándor

Sándor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9750308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750308" title="Florence Scovel Shinn">
Florence Scovel Shinn

Florence Scovel Shinn (September 24, 1871, Camden, New Jersey – October 17, 1940) was an American artist and book illustrator who became a New Thought spiritual teacher and metaphysical writer in her middle years. In New Thought circles, she is best known for her first book, "The Game of Life and How to Play It" (1925).
Shinn expressed her philosophy as:
Early life.
Florence Scovel was born in New Jersey, the daughter of Alden Cortlandt Scovel, and Emily Hopkinson Scovel. She was educated in Philadelphia where she attended the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and there met her future husband, the artist Everett Shinn (1876–1953). After marriage they moved into a studio apartment at 112 Waverly Place, near Washington Square, New York. Everett built a theatre next door, and wrote three plays in which Florence played a leading role. Everett Shinn became known as a member of the Ashcan School of art, and Florence worked as an illustrator. They were divorced in 1912.
Writings and New Thought.
Her metaphysicals works began with her self-published "The Game of Life and How to Play it" in 1925. "Your Word is Your Wand" was published in 1928 and "The Secret Door to Success" in 1940. "The Game of Life and How to Play it" includes quotes from the Bible and anecdotal explanations of the author's understanding of God and man. Her philosophy centers on the power of positive thought and usually includes instructions for verbal or physical affirmation.
A typical Scovel Shinn piece of advice would be "It is safe to say that all sickness and unhappiness come from the violation of the law of love. A new commandment I give unto you, 'Love one another,' and in the Game of Life, love or good-will takes every trick."
Her advice is usually accompanied by a "real life" anecdote, as for the above "Love one another" advice:
A woman I know, had, for years an appearance of a terrible skin disease. The doctors told her it was incurable, and she was in despair. She was on the stage, and she feared she would soon have to give up her profession, and she had no other means of support. She, however, procured a good engagement, and on the opening night, made a great "hit." She received flattering notices from the critics, and was joyful and elated. The next day she received a notice of dismissal. A man in the cast had been jealous of her success and had caused her to be sent away. She felt hatred and resentment taking complete possession of her, and she cried out, "Oh God don't let me hate that man." That night she worked for hours "in the silence."
Shinn is considered part of the New Thought movement, as her writings follow in the tradition of Phineas Quimby (1802–1866), Emma Curtis Hopkins (1849–1925), and both Charles Fillmore (1854–1948) and Myrtle Fillmore (1845–1931), co-founders of the Unity Church.
Motivational author Louise Hay acknowledges her as an early influence.
Further reading.
The Cornish Colony: 

</doc>
<doc id="9750316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750316" title="Ocelus">
Ocelus

Ocelus is a Celtic god known from three inscriptions in Roman Britain. He is twice invoked on dedications at Caerwent: one stone is the base of a statue of which only a pair of human feet and a pair of goose feet survive. The invocation is to Mars Lenus or Ocelus Vellaunus and the "numen" (spirit) of the emperor, and was dedicated on 23 August AD 152. The second Caerwent inscription dedicates an altar to Mars Ocelus. The god was also venerated at Carlisle, where he was once more equated with Mars and again linked to the imperial cult. So Ocelus seems to have been a British, perhaps Silurian god, associated with Mars, probably in the latter's Celtic capacity as a protector. At Caerwent he is linked with Lenus, a Treveran healing deity, and with Vellaunus, who is recorded among the Gaulish Allobroges.
The Caerwent inscription uses the actual name of Ocelus and reads as follows:
DEO MARTI OCELO
AEL AGUSTINUS
OP V S L M
God Mars Ocelus
Ael(ius) Agustinus
Op(tio) Paid His Vow
References.
Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend. Miranda Green. Thames and Hudson Ltd. London. 1997
http://www.caerleon.net/history/army/altar2.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9750356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750356" title="Crane World">
Crane World

Crane World () is an 1999 Argentine film, written and directed by Pablo Trapero. The film was produced by Lita Stantic and Pablo Trapero. It features Luis Margani, Adriana Aizemberg, Daniel Valenzuela, among others.
The movie was partly funded by Argentina's INCAA.
The picture is about working class life in Argentina that's gritty (filmed in sepia, black and white). The film follows the fortunes in the life of Rulo, an unemployed suburban man, who tries to earn a living as a crane operator in Buenos Aires.
Plot.
The film tells of Rulo (Luis Margani), a moderately successful musician in the 1970s.
Today he's divorced and an unemployed forty-something day-laborer living in Buenos Aires in the late 1990s. He's anxious for whatever work he can find. He lives with his son who's also musically inclined, and his mother (Graciana Chironi).
His best friend Torres (Daniel Valenzuela), who has connections in the Argentine construction industry, finds him work as a large crane operator.
Rulo is dating Adriana (Adriana Aizemberg), who runs a sandwich shop.
He lands a job as an excavating machine operator in distant Patagonia. The workers live in a remote farmhouse and the relationship between management and labor is difficult.
One day the workers are not fed during lunch so they refuse to work until they eat. Rulo soon discovers that making a fresh start at a late age proves to be harder than he first thought.
Background.
Casting.
Pablo Trapero, in neo-realist fashion, used extras and bit players when he filmed.
Distribution.
The film opened in Argentina on June 17, 1999. Later it was presented at the Toronto Film Festival on September 17, 1999.
The picture was screened at various film festivals, including: the Sundance Film Festival, Colorado, USA; the International Film Festival Rotterdam, Netherlands; the Fribourg Film Festival, Switzerland; the Buenos Aires International Festival of Independent Cinema, Argentina; the New Directors/New Films, New York; and others.
Critical reception.
Film critic Stephen Holden, film critic for "The New York Times", liked the look and tone of the film and wrote, "picture is a stylistic throwback to 1940s Italian neo-realism. The movie's grainy, sepia-toned cinematography and low-key naturalistic performances by a cast of nonprofessionals enhance its slice-of-life authenticity."
Film critic Diego Lerer, a member of FIPRESCI, wrote an extensive essay about director Pablo Trapero's cinema films. He reviewed "Mundo grúa" favorably and believes Trapero's film is advancing the "New Argentina Cinema Wave" and his films continues to break away from the older Argentine storytelling. He wrote, "Trapero's film dared to break even freer from the classic narrative models. Even though the film has a story, and one that advances with utter efficiency, "Crane World" respects the characters' internal rhythm like none of the other films by young Argentines had done so far...In Trapero's film, the scenes are developed in all their length."

</doc>
<doc id="9750364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750364" title="Pomona Catholic High School">
Pomona Catholic High School

Pomona Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school in Pomona, California built in 1949. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles. It is a part of the tri-school community existing between St. Lucy's Priory High School and Damien High School.
History.
Holy Name Academy, a boarding high school for girls, located on Holt Avenue in Pomona, California, closed its doors in June 1949. In September of that year, it was reopened by Monsignor English, pastor of St. Joseph Church, as a high school for both boys and girls of the parish and surrounding parishes. Newly staffed by the Felician Sisters, it was named Pomona Catholic High School. Despite the expanding population, it was able to provide Catholic education for the next ten years. Then, in 1959, Pomona Catholic Boys High School (now Damien High School) opened in nearby La Verne.
Tijuana Mission.
Pomona Catholic has a tradition of traveling to Tijuana for community service purposes. They go to give food to the needy during the holiday season.

</doc>
<doc id="9750368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750368" title="Kuratowski's free set theorem">
Kuratowski's free set theorem

Kuratowski's free set theorem, named after Kazimierz Kuratowski, is a result of set theory, an area of mathematics. It is a result which has been largely forgotten for almost 50 years, but has been applied recently in solving several lattice theory problems, such as the Congruence Lattice Problem.
Denote by formula_1. Likewise, for a positive integer formula_2, denote by formula_3 the set of all formula_2-elements subsets of formula_5. For a mapping formula_6, we say that a subset formula_7 of formula_5 is "free" (with respect to formula_9), if formula_10, for any formula_2-element subset formula_12 of formula_7 and any formula_14. Kuratowski published in 1951 the following result, which characterizes the infinite cardinals of the form formula_15.
The theorem states the following. Let formula_2 be a positive integer and let formula_5 be a set. Then the cardinality of formula_5 is greater than or equal to formula_15 if and only if for every mapping formula_9 from formula_21,
there exists an formula_22-element free subset of formula_5 with respect to formula_9.
For formula_25, Kuratowski's free set theorem is superseded by Hajnal's set mapping theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="9750369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750369" title="Riga LVRTC Transmitter">
Riga LVRTC Transmitter

The Riga LVRTC Transmitter was a mediumwave transmitter in Riga, Latvia, which broadcast on 945 kHz a music program in DRM-simulcast mode, which was receivable at night time in wide parts of Europe. It used as an antenna two guyed mast radiators. One of them was a 125 metre tall guyed lattice mast. The other smaller tower stays a Blaw-Knox Radiator. It is one of the few existing Blaw-Knox Radiators in Europe. Other towers of this type exist at Lisnagarvey, Northern Ireland, Lakihegy, Hungary, Vakarel, Bulgaria and Stara Zagora, Bulgaria.
Several masts were razed on 16 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9750401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750401" title="Vellaunus">
Vellaunus

Vellaunus is a Celtic god known from only two inscriptions. The first, found at Caerwent, is the base of a state recording the dedication of the statue to:
Above this base there survives only a pair of human feet and those of a goose. The dedication dates to AD 152. 
Mars Lenus was a god of the Treveri with great cult centres at Trier and Pommern; Ocelus was a local British deity, to whom another stone was inscribed at Caerwent, and who was also worshipped at Carlisle. Mars Lenus was clearly equated in Britain with other, localised Celtic divinities.
The second inscription dedicated to Vellaunus was located at Hières-sur-Amby in the territory of the Allobroges in southern Gaul. It reads:
Here Vellaunus occurs as one of several epithets of Mercury.
The root "uellauno-" is found in many other Celtic names, including those of the goddess Icovellauna; the hero Cassivellaunos, later famous in Welsh legend as Caswallawn; and the Catuvellauni, a tribe of southeastern Britain, whose name may also be cognate with Catalauni (Châlons-sur-Marne) and Catalaunia (Catalonia). The meaning of "uellauno-" has been variously interpreted. It has been glossed by Pierre-Henri Billy as "bon" (good); however, P.-Y. Lambert derives it from *"uelna-mon-", meaning "chef, commandant, dirigeant" (chief, commander, leader). The latter derivation has been accepted as definitive by Xavier Delmarre and accords well with the Latin epithet "victor" found alongside "vellaunus" in the Hières inscription.

</doc>
<doc id="9750415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750415" title="Mae Taeng District">
Mae Taeng District

Mae Taeng () is a district ("amphoe") in the northern part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Chiang Dao, Phrao, Doi Saket, San Sai, Mae Rim, Samoeng of Chiang Mai Province and Pai of Mae Hong Son Province.
The Taeng River, a river that has its source in the mountains of the Daen Lao Range in Wiang Haeng District, flows into the Ping River, one of the main tributaries of the Chao Phraya River, in Mae Taeng District.
History.
In 1892, "Khwaeng" Mueang Kuet (เมืองกื้ด) was created, and renamed in 1894 to "Khwaeng" Mueang Kaen (เมืองแกน). In 1907 it was upgraded to a district ("amphoe") named San Maha Phon (สันมหาพน), and renamed Mae Tang in 1939.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 13 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 128 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - San Maha Phon covers parts of "tambon" San Maha Phon and Khilek; Mueang Kaen Phatthana covers the whole "tambon" Cho Lae and parts of Intha Khin. There are further 11 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9750428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750428" title="Prisoners Abroad">
Prisoners Abroad

Prisoners Abroad is a UK-registered charity which supports British citizens who are imprisoned overseas. It also works with ex-prisoners returning to the UK and family members and friends of those detained.
The organisation aims to provide for the basic welfare needs of Britons who are held in developing countries by providing a grant for food and other essentials. The charity also provides English-language reading material and operates a pen-pal scheme.
History.
Prisoners Abroad was formed in 1978 by Craig Feehan, Joe Parham, Chris Cheal and Bob Nightingale. Initially it worked with Britons held mainly in Turkey, central Asia and north Africa. It now works with over 1700 people in prison each year, across 80 countries.
In UK terms, Prisoners Abroad is a small to medium sized charity, with an annual turnover of £1.4 million.
Welfare grants.
The Craig Feehan Fund, which was founded after Craig Feehan's death in 1984, provides those imprisoned in particularly poor conditions with a monthly sum of money for essentials such as bedding, food, clothing, toiletries, vitamins, newspapers and correspondence. The fund provides help to those who are destitute and have no other source of income.
A vitamin fund is available to people imprisoned in countries where the nutrition is deemed inadequate for survival.
Medical grants are awarded on a case by case basis for treatment of medical issues ranging from blood pressure medication to eyeglasses to major surgeries. The funds also address diseases commonly found in foreign prisons, such as tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS.
Prisoners Abroad is a non-judgmental organisation and provides assistance on the basis of need and regardless of innocence or guilt.
Support for families.
Each year Prisoners Abroad provides assistance to more than 1,400 family members. This includes one-to-one support via a helpline, a private online network for family members, support group days throughout the United Kingdom and translation services. A travel fund provides one-off grants to low income family members to contribute toward the cost of travel to see a family member in prison.
Awards and patrons.
In 2007 Prisoners Abroad was awarded the Longford Prize, awarded annually by the Longford Trust to "recognise the contribution of an individual, group or organisation working in the area of penal or social reform who/which has shown outstanding qualities of humanity, courage, persistence and originality".
Prominent patrons include the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Archbishop of Westminster, the Duke of Richmond, Dame Harriet Walter, Jon Snow and Baron David Ramsbotham.

</doc>
<doc id="9750456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750456" title="Mae Rim District">
Mae Rim District

Mae Rim () is a district ("amphoe") in the central part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
History.
Formerly the district was called "Khwaeng" Mae Rim. "Khwaeng" Mae Rim converted to full district ("amphoe") in 1914.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mae Taeng, San Sai, Mueang Chiang Mai, Hang Dong and Samoeng of Chiang Mai Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 91 villages ("muban"). Mae Rim is a township ("thesaban tambon"), which covers parts of "tambon" Rim Tai and Mae Sa. There are further 10 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9750457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750457" title="Jowett Jupiter">
Jowett Jupiter

The Jowett Jupiter is a British car which was produced by Jowett Cars Ltd of Idle, near Bradford The car was launched at the London Motor Show in October 1949 and had its first continental launch at the Geneva Motor Show in early 1950: it continued in production until 1954.
Following the launch of the all new Jowett Javelin and its successes in competition, Jowett decided to use its power train in a sports car for export in the hope of increasing their inadequate steel allocation.
Design features.
Jowett through Lawrence Pomeroy of "The Motor" joined forces with ERA and they persuaded Professor Dr Ing Eberan-Eberhorst, formerly with Auto Union, to come to England. He joined ERA in Dunstable and, amongst other projected development and chassis work, designed and developed what became the Jupiter's tubular steel chassis. The suspension used soft torsion bars and anti-roll bars front and rear with independent suspension at the front. The engine was mounted very far forward ahead of the front axle line with the radiator low behind it over the gearbox. Adjustment of the anti-roll bars easily influenced oversteer and understeer to provide fine suspension tuning. On this torsionally stiff frame Reg Korner of Jowett put a steel framed aluminium drophead coupé body with a bench seat for three people. Eberan's chassis had been designed for a closed coupé and it proved to require strengthening. The anti-roll bars were abandoned. There was no external access to the boot (trunk) and the bonnet (hood) was rear hinged and opened complete with the wings. These cars were only for export, it was hoped coachbuilders would supply the local market.
An initial 75 chassis were supplied to external coachbuilders such as Stabilimenti Farina, Ghia Suisse, Abbott of Farnham and others in Britain. The high cost of these, mostly handsome, bodies for what was only a 1500 c.c. car obliged Jowett to build their own complete cars. The Jowett factory made 731 Mk1 and 94 Mk1a cars. The Mk 1a came out in late 1952 with a little more power (63 bhp) and an opening lid to a boot of larger capacity. 
Powertrain.
The flat four overhead valve engine of 1486 cc was more highly tuned than in the Javelin and had its compression ratio raised from 7.2:1 to 8.0:1 developing at 4500 rpm giving the car a maximum speed of and a 0-50 mph time of 11.7 seconds. Two Zenith carburettors were fitted. A four speed gearbox with column change was used.
Motor sport success.
The Jupiter achieved competition success with a record-breaking class win at the 1950 Le Mans 24 Hour race, a class 1-2 in the 1951 Monte Carlo International Rally, an outright win in the 1951 Lisbon International Rally, and a class 1-2 in a gruelling 4-hr sports car race on the public road circuit at Dundrod in Northern Ireland in September 1951. This was a resurrection of the famous Ulster Tourist Trophy Race of 1928-1936 previously run on the Ards circuit. Le Mans was again class-won in 1951 and 1952, and lesser events were taken in 1952 but by 1953 newer faster cars were proving a match for the Jupiter which was after all a well-appointed touring car first and foremost.
Performance and contemporary driving impressions.
A car tested by the British magazine "The Motor" in 1950 had a top speed of and could accelerate from 0- in 18.0 seconds. A fuel consumption of was recorded. The test car cost £1086 including taxes. At this time a Jaguar XK120 cost £1263 including taxes when tested by the same magazine.
A road test by the competitor magazine, The Autocar recorded a top speed of 90 mph (145 km/h) but acceleration to for these testers took them to 20.4 seconds. The final drive ratio on the first publicly presented prototype of 4.1 to 1 was reduced to 4.56 to 1 and it is possible that the final drive on the tested cars was not the same. The Autocar testers were enthused by the car's performance, especially in view of the "well-known ... verve of the Javelin engine" and its "susceptiblity to power output increase". The Jupiter's compression ratio of 8:1 was nevertheless higher than on most UK market cars in 1950, and some mild "pinging" was recorded using 72 octane fuel, which was the highest grade normally available in Britain at the time. Other features drawing particular praise included quick, light though highly geared steering and gear change linkage which was "unusually positive for a steering column layout".
Jupiter R1.
A racing derivative of the Jupiter, the R1, was entered in the 1951 1500 cc sports car race at Watkins Glen, driven to first place by George Weaver. In the 1952 24 Hours of Le Mans another example won its class at 13th overall, driven by Marcel Becquart and Gordon Wilkins. Three examples of the R1 were made - one survives.
Jupiter R4.
The original Jupiter was a somewhat heavy car and this handicapped its performance. An intended successor, the R4, was made with fibreglass body and a new lighter chassis and showed the potential of being a genuine car but Jowett closed before the car could reach production. Three prototypes were made of which two survive.

</doc>
<doc id="9750474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750474" title="Johannes Christian Brunnich">
Johannes Christian Brunnich

Johannes Christian Brünnich (11 September 1861 – 3 July 1933) was an Australian agricultural chemist. 
Brünnich was the son of Christian Christoph Brünnich, a Lutheran pastor and mathematician, and his wife Pauline Therese, née Kühnehe and was born at Gorizia, then in Austria-Hungary, now Italy. Raised in Bohemia, he was educated in Switzerland after his family moved there in 1874 and obtained his knowledge of chemistry at the federal polytechnic school at Zurich. He travelled in Russia and for a period was chemist in a sugar-mill in Bohemia. While performing Swiss military service in 1884, he met Dr J. J. Mueller of Gayndah, Queensland, and decided to emigrate to Australia, arriving in Brisbane early in 1885.
In 1887 Brünnich became chief chemist and mill manager for the Colonial Sugar Refining Company at Homebush, near Mackay. In 1897 he was appointed government agricultural chemist in the new Queensland Department of Agriculture. For about 35 years he advised the department on a multiplicity of problems relating to agriculture in Queensland, and drafted many bills for the government relating among other things to fertilizers, stock foods, pure seeds and the destruction of pests. He also made scientific investigations into the prickly pear problem, the use of dipping fluids, water pollution and the provision of phosphatic licks for stock. He was vice-president of the Royal Society of Queensland in 1907, president in 1908 and treasurer in 1909-14.
Brünnich did valuable pioneer work in his investigations of pasture composition and set a high standard in his department. Generally he was a strong influence in the development of applied chemistry during his time. He retired from the agriculture department in September 1931 and died cerebro-vascular disease on 3 July 1933. In 1886 he married Kate Terry, who survived him with two sons and three daughters. He was a foundation member and fellow of the Royal Australian Chemical Institute and was elected a fellow of the Royal Institute of Chemistry of Great Britain in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="9750477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750477" title="Maurice de Moravia, Earl of Strathearn">
Maurice de Moravia, Earl of Strathearn

Maurice de Moravia, Earl of Strathearn (Also known as Malise, 8th Earl of Strathearn)(1276 to 1346) was a Scottish soldier 
He was the oldest of the sons of Sir John de Moravia of Drumsagard ("ridge of the priest"), and appears in sources for the first time in October 1334, as the Sheriff of Lanark. By this point he had become a powerful military leader, being styled by Walter Bower "Lord of Clydesdale". In 1339, Maurice served under Robert Stewart at the siege of Perth, but when King David II returned from exile in France in 1341, Maurice became a royal favourite and was used by King David against Stewart, his rival and heir.
Maurice held Stirling Castle for David from 1342, and was granted the baronies of Strathaven (Lanarkshire) and Hawick (Roxburghshire). On October 31, 1343, King David assigned to Maurice the forfeited Earldom of Strathearn. Maurice had a vague claim to this earldom, as in 1339 he had married Joanna of Menteith, widow of Maol Íosa IV, Earl of Strathearn. Despite the royal grant, the legality of Maurice's possession was challenged, partly because a parliament at Perth in 1339 had cleared the previous earl, Maol Íosa V, of treason. However, as Maol Íosa V had surrendered his earldom to Edward Balliol, the parliament of Scone in June 1344 declared the earldom forfeit and confirmed the possession of Maurice. Earl Maurice continued his service as a royal retainer and by 1346 was made Justiciar of Scotia.
Earl Maurice was killed at the Battle of Neville's Cross on October 17, 1346. 
Issue.
By Joanna of Menteith, Moravia had a daughter Joanna, who married: 1st Sir Thomas de Moravia of Bothwell, 2nd Sir Archibald Douglas
He also had a bastard son by the name of Maurice who later found patronage with King David II.

</doc>
<doc id="9750482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750482" title="Aurélien Joachim">
Aurélien Joachim

Aurélien Joachim (born 10 August 1986) is a Luxembourgian international footballer, who currently plays for Bulgarian side CSKA Sofia. He is the younger brother of former cyclist Benoît Joachim.
Club career.
Joachim spent his time in the youth teams of Belgian clubs Virton and Mouscron, before making his senior debut for Virton in the 2004/2005 season. He then played for the reserve teams of German Bundesliga sides VfL Bochum and Alemannia Aachen before making his debut in the Luxembourg National Division in the second half of the 2007/2008 season. 
Joachim was transferred to F91 Dudelange in May 2011. He has been a key figure in Dudelange's Champions League run in 2012–13, scoring 4 goals over 2 legs against SP Tre Penne of San Marino, and scoring in each leg of Dudelange's famous 4–4 aggregate draw with Red Bull Salzburg, helping his side through via the away goals rule to face NK Maribor in the third qualifying round, the furthest Dudelange have ever gone in the Champions League.
On 29 August 2012, Joachim was loaned to Willem II until the end of the season. In July 2013, he signed a two-year deal with RKC Waalwijk after he had permanently left Dudelange as a free agent.
International career.
Joachim made his debut for Luxembourg in a September 2005 World Cup qualification match against Liechtenstein, at just 19 years of age. He played in 5 World Cup qualification matches.

</doc>
<doc id="9750495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750495" title="Daw Park, South Australia">
Daw Park, South Australia

Daw Park is an inner southern suburb of Adelaide, Australia, in the local government area of the City of Mitcham. The suburb is divided into two parts, with a smaller exclave separated from the larger southern part by a section of Colonel Light Gardens. This smaller exclave is surrounded by the suburbs of Colonel Light Gardens to the south and east, Cumberland Park to the north and Melrose Park to the west. The southern exclave is surrounded by Pasadena to the south, Melrose Park to the west, Colonel Light Gardens to the north and east. Daw Park is part of the South Australian House of Assembly electoral district of Elder and the House of Representatives Division of Boothby.

</doc>
<doc id="9750504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750504" title="Olloudius">
Olloudius

Olloudius is a widely venerated Celtic god, known from locations as far apart as Custom Shrubs in Gloucestershire and Ollioules in southern Gaul. The only existing image was found at the Cotswold site. The male figure is rendered in native style, with a small head and a large, elongated body, carrying a "patera" or offering plate and a double "cornucopia" and is dedicated to " Mars Olloudius". The god carries no military attributes, however, and he wears a cap and cloak rather than armour. Hence, Mars Olloudius belongs to important group of Celtic deities who adopted the name of Mars but were peaceful protectors, healers, and fertility spirits. The double horn of plenty stresses the prosperity function of the god among the Dobunni of Gloucestershire. Another image was found at the same site, quite clearly the work of the same craftsman: on this second depiction Mars is represented with shield, spear, and sword, but again the "cornucopia" is present, this time indicating the hybrid nature of the god: in this peaceful region, the warrior is not combative in the true sense of the word, but instead plays the role of guardian against disease, barrenness, and other evils.
References.
Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend. Miranda Green. Thames and Hudson Ltd. London. 1997

</doc>
<doc id="9750507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750507" title="Samoeng District">
Samoeng District

Samoeng () is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mae Taeng, Mae Rim, Hang Dong, Mae Wang, Mae Chaem and Galyani Vadhana of Chiang Mai Province and Pai of Mae Hong Son Province.
History.
The district was originally created in 1902. At first it was a minor district ("King Amphoe"), which was upgraded to a full district in 1908. 1938 it was again downgraded to a minor district, and upgraded back to a full district 1958.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 45 villages ("muban"). Samoeng Tai is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon"), which covers parts of "tambon" Samoeng Tai. There are further 4 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9750514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750514" title="Edward Lee Greene">
Edward Lee Greene

Edward Lee Greene, Ph.D., (August 10, 1843 – November 10, 1915) was an American botanist known for his numerous publications including the two-part "Landmarks of Botanical History" and the naming or redescribing of over 4,400 species of plants in the American West.
Early life.
Edward Lee Greene was born on August 20, 1843 in Hopkinton, Rhode Island. In 1859 Greene moved to Wisconsin and began studying at Albion Academy, a very reputable institution with a religious emphasis. There Greene met Thure Kumlien, a Swedish Naturalist with an interest in botany. Greene accompanied Kumlein on field trips, further developing Greene’s interest in botany.
In August 1862, Greene joined his father and brothers in joining the Thirteenth Wisconsin infantry of the Union Army. Though he never rose above the rank of private in his three years of service, Greene was able to advance his botanical studies, collecting specimens as he marched through Tennessee, Kentucky and Alabama.
Following his release from the Army, Greene returned to Albion Academy, earning his Bachelor of Philosophy in 1866. While in the service, Greene thought of moving west of the Mississippi, a desire he realized in 1870. With the aid of botanists Asa Gray of Cambridge and George Engelmann of St. Louis, Greene made preparations to study botany in the West.
While in Colorado in 1871, Greene renewed his spirituality and became both a botany teacher and a candidate for Episcopal priesthood, becoming ordained in 1873. In February 1874 Greene assumed pastorship of a church in Vallejo, California, the beginning of many short stays with churches throughout the Southwest. During these travels, Greene continued collecting plants, making forays into Arizona, New Mexico, and Mexico. In 1876–1877, while Greene was an episcopal priest in Yreka, California, he discovered the first specimens of "Phlox hirsuta", a small flowering plant found only in that area.
He eventually accepted a position as rector of St. Mark’s Episcopal Church in Berkeley, California. Between his arrival in 1881 and 1883, Greene began to drift away from the Episcopal Church toward Roman Catholicism, costing him his congregation and his standing within the ministry. Locked out of St. Marks, Greene gave in to pressure and resigned in 1883, converting to Catholicism a year later.
Academic career.
Beginning in 1882, Greene began lecturing at the University of California. Following his resignation, he became curator of the herbarium at the California Academy of Sciences and in 1885, was hired as the first professor of botany at the University of California, Berkeley (1885–1895). While he was chair of the newly founded botany department, Greene was one of only three American representatives to the International Committee on Botanical Nomenclature and president of the Madison Botanical Congress. His controversial advocacy of nomenclature reform brought him into conflict with the president of the university, leading him to accept a position at the Catholic University in Washington, D.C. from 1895 to 1904. Greene then became an associate in botany at the Smithsonian Institution (1904–1915), transferring some 4000 volumes and his valuable herbarium to the institution for a period of ten years.
Greene began to focus on the history of his field, publishing his seminal work "Landmarks of Botanical History, Part 1" in 1909. The second volume was submitted to the Smithsonian as a work in progress but was never completed, the rough draft being published postuhumously in 1936. While at the Smithsonian, Greene renewed contact with Fr. Julius Nieuwland, a professor of botany at the University of Notre Dame and a student from Greene’s years at the Catholic University of America. Following the expiration of his agreement with the Smithsonian in 1915, Greene moved to South Bend, Indiana along with his library and herbarium specimens. Greene returned to Washington in October to continue work on the Landmarks of Botanical History, Part 2. Greene fell ill while in Washington and died in Providence hospital on November 10, 1915.
By the end of his career Greene had named over 4,400 new species of plants, published 565 original papers, and amassed a library of over 4,000 volumes, some of which have no duplicates in North America. Greene’s library and collections remain at the University of Notre Dame in the Greene-Nieuwland Herbarium.

</doc>
<doc id="9750533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750533" title="Ritona">
Ritona

Ritona, also known as Pritona, is a Celtic goddess chiefly venerated in the land of the Treveri in what is now Germany. Her cult is attested at Pachten and at Trier, where she "had a carefully built little temple" in the Altbachtal complex. At Pachten her temple also had a theatre, presumably dedicated to performances of a religious nature. A single inscription also honours her at Uzès in southern France.
Her name, related to the same root as Welsh "rhyd" ‘ford’, suggests that she was a goddess of fords. The variant ‘Pritona’ is directly attested twice: on the goddess's only inscription at Pachten (PRITONAE DIVINAE SIVE CA[...]IONI) and in conjunction with ‘Ritona’ on an inscription from Trier (DEA RITONA PRITONA). ‘Pritona’ is also restored in a further, more fragmentary inscription from Trier (RITO/SIVE EX IU[SSU PR/ITONI1989: 00547. Retrieved from the [http://compute-in.ku-eichstaett.de:8888/pls/epigr/epigraphik_fr Epigraphik-Datenbank Clauss / Slaby on 29 March 2008.</ref>
Lothar Schwinden characterizes her as a mother goddess on the basis of the statue of a seated goddess found at Pachten, which he connects with the well-known local type of seated mother goddesses with dogs or babies on their laps (cf. Aveta).
The Pachten inscription specifies that the goddess was invoked by an individual "for the well-being of the townsfolk of Contiomagium" (PRO SALVTE / CONTI/OMAGIENSIVM). On two of the inscriptions from Trier, Ritona is invoked in conjunction either with the "numines" of the Augusti (see imperial cult) or in honour of the divine house (the imperial family).

</doc>
<doc id="9750544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750544" title="Pops Yoshimura">
Pops Yoshimura

Hideo "Pops" Yoshimura (October 7, 1922 – March 29, 1995) was a motorcycle tuner, race team owner and manufacturer of speciality motorcycle accessories. He is remembered for his ties to the beginnings of AMA Superbike racing and the Suzuki factory racing team. He was born in Fukuoka City, Japan.
Yoshimura was called into military service during the Second World War where he was trained as an aircraft mechanic. After the war, he began tuning motorcycles for American servicemen stationed in Japan and in 1954, he opened his first shop, with his wife and children helping him. In 1971, he moved his business to Los Angeles at the beginning of the four-cylinder superbike era. He gained a reputation as an excellent motorcycle tuner.
In 1976 the AMA introduced a racing class for production based bikes and Yoshimura established himself by entering fast, reliable Kawasaki Z1 bikes. In 1978 he switched to Suzuki bikes and began winning races. Steve McLaughlin won the 1978 Daytona Superbike race while Wes Cooley and Mike Baldwin won the prestigious 1978 Suzuka 8 Hours in Japan. With Wes Cooley as his rider, Yoshimura claimed the AMA Superbike national championship in 1979 and 1980. Yoshimura formed a close relationship with Suzuki and eventually his team became the official Suzuki factory racing team in the United States. His company experienced success as one of the world's largest performance aftermarket sportbike exhaust manufacturers. 
Yoshimura died of cancer in 1995. He left a legacy as a master craftsman, tuner and fabricator and was one of the pioneering personalities of superbike racing. In 2000, he was inducted into the AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame. His son continues to operate the company which still enjoys success in the AMA superbike class with rider Mat Mladin winning six championships in seven years, and Ben Spies winning the 2006-2008 championships.
Yoshimura will celebrate its 60th Anniversary event at the 2014 Suzuka 8 Hours race in Japan. Kevin Schwantz and Satoshi Tsujimoto will race a "Pops Yoshimura" special race bike for the Yoshimura Legends race team. 

</doc>
<doc id="9750595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750595" title="Saraphi District">
Saraphi District

Saraphi () is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Mai Province, northern Thailand.
Geography.
Saraphi borders the districts (from west clockwise) Hang Dong, Mueang Chiang Mai, San Kamphaeng of Chiang Mai Province, Mueang Lamphun of Lamphun Province. 
History.
The district was established in 1891, then named Yang Noeng (ยางเนิ้ง). In 1927 it was renamed to Saraphi.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 12 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 105 villages ("muban"). Yang Noeng is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Yang Noeng, Saraphi and Nong Phueng. The township Saraphi covers further parts of "tambon" Saraphi. There are further 10 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9750597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750597" title="James P. Boyd">
James P. Boyd

James P. Boyd (March 1826 – 1890) was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He represented Prescott in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1871.
He was born in Limerick, Ireland in 1826 and came to Canada West in 1847, settling at Vankleek Hill. He married Adelia Caroline Wells there. Boyd was a timber merchant and sawmill owner. He also owned a gristmill, carding mill and general store. He served as a reeve of West Hawkesbury Township. He was also a minister of the Congregational Church of London, Ontario. Boyd defeated Thomas D'Arcy McGee for the seat in the provincial assembly in 1867. In 1874, he ran unsuccessfully for the same seat in the House of Commons. In 1878, he was forced to sell his mills after encountering financial difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="9750598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750598" title="South Cocoa Beach, Florida">
South Cocoa Beach, Florida

South Cocoa Beach is an unincorporated community between Cocoa Beach and Patrick Air Force Base, in Brevard County, Florida, USA. Subdivisions include Crescent Beach and Orlando Beach, the latter at the intersection of 35th Street and State Road A1A. South Cocoa Beach is located between the causeways of State Road 520 and State Road 404 and in the zip code of 32931.
Geography.
South Cocoa Beach is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="9750615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750615" title="Marietta Blau">
Marietta Blau

Marietta Blau (29 April 1894 – 27 January 1970) was an Austrian physicist. After having obtained the general certificate of education from the girls' high school run by the Association for the Extended Education of Women, she studied physics and mathematics at the University of Vienna from 1914 to 1918; her PhD graduation was in March 1919. Blau is credited with developing (photographic) nuclear emulsions that were usefully able to image and accurately measure high energy nuclear particles and events. Additionally, this established a method to accurately study reactions caused by cosmic ray events. Her nuclear emulsions significantly advanced the field of particle physics in her time. For her work she was nominated for the 1950 Nobel Prize in Physics by Erwin Schrödinger.
Pre World War 2.
From 1919 to 1923, Blau held several positions in industrial and University research institutions in Austria and Germany. From 1923 on, she worked as an unpaid scientist at the Institute for Radium Research of the Austrian Academy of Sciences in Vienna. A stipend by the Austrian Association of University Women made it possible for her to do research also in Göttingen and Paris (1932/1933).
In her Vienna years, Blau's main interest was the development of the photographic method of particle detection. The methodical goals which she pursued were the identification of particles, in particular alpha-particles and protons, and the determination of their energy based on the characteristics of the tracks they left in emulsions. For this work, Blau and her former student Hertha Wambacher received the Lieben Prize of the Austrian Academy of Sciences in 1937. It was her greatest success when, also in 1937, she and Wambacher discovered "disintegration stars" in photographic plates that had been exposed to cosmic radiation at an altitude of 2,300 metres (≈7,500 feet) above sea level. These stars are the patterns of particle tracks from nuclear reactions (spallation events) of cosmic-ray particles with nuclei of the photographic emulsion.
Because of her Jewish descent, Blau had to leave Austria in 1938, a fact which caused a severe break in her scientific career. She first went to Oslo. Then, through the intercession of Albert Einstein, she obtained a teaching position at the Polytechnical Institute in Mexico City. But since conditions in Mexico made research extremely difficult for her, she seized an opportunity to move to the United States in 1944.
Post-war.
In the United States, Blau worked in industry until 1948, afterwards (until 1960) at Columbia University, Brookhaven National Laboratory and the University of Miami. At these institutions, she was responsible for the application of the photographic method of particle detection in high-energy experiments at particle accelerators.
In 1960, Blau returned to Austria and conducted scientific work at the Institute for Radium Research until 1964 – again without pay. She headed a working group analyzing particle-track photographs from experiments at CERN and supervised a dissertation in this field. In 1962, she received the Erwin Schrödinger Prize of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, but an attempt to make her also a corresponding member of the Academy was not successful.
Death.
Marietta Blau died in Vienna from cancer in 1970. Her illness may be related to her unprotected handling of radioactive substances as well as her cigarette smoking over many years. No obituary appeared in any scientific publication.
Legacy.
In 1950, Cecil Powell received the Nobel prize for the development of the photographic method for particle detection and the discovery of the pion by use of this method.

</doc>
<doc id="9750629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750629" title="Överskärargränd">
Överskärargränd

Överskärargränd (Swedish: "Cloth Finisher's Alley" or, literally, "Over-cutter's Alley") is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching from Västerlånggatan to Stora Nygatan passing on the south side of Gåstorget, it forms a parallel street to Gåsgränd and Sven Vintappares Gränd.
History.
The alley is named "Erik Ingemundssons gränd" ("Alley of Erik Ingemundsson") in 1619, in reference to the mayor (1581–1622) who owned a property in the alley. While the present name appears in historical records as "Öfwerskiärare gränden" in 1684, and a certain "Absalon överskärare" is mentioned in 1643 as having bought a property near that of the major, it remains uncertain which of the masters of the trade gave his name to the alley. Notwithstanding, an "överskärare" was an occupation which could be translated to "wool cloth finisher", a man who would go over carded wool with a pair of scissors to remove upstanding hairs in order to make the cloth perfectly smooth, masters of the trade being merchants with their own workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="9750656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750656" title="Rudiobus">
Rudiobus

Rudiobus is a Celtic god known only from a single inscription, on a bronze figurine of a prancing horse: "sacred to the god Rudiobus". This figurine is one a group found at Neuvy-En-Sullias (Loiret). Horses were linked to many other Celtic deities, including the sky-god and the Celtic version of Mars. The name "Rudiobus" may refer to the colour red.

</doc>
<doc id="9750678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750678" title="RARS">
RARS

RARS is an acronym for Robot Auto Racing Simulator. It is an open source 3D racing simulator. RARS is designed to enabled pre-programmed AI drivers to race against one another. RARS was used as the base for TORCS. It was used as an example in the book "Intelligent Information Processing and Web Mining" by Mieczysław Kłopotek.

</doc>
<doc id="9750695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750695" title="I Got That Work">
I Got That Work

I Got That Work is the third studio album by hip hop duo Big Tymers. It was released May 16, 2000, on Cash Money Records, with contributions by Universal Records. The album spawned around the succession of its lead single two lead singles, "Get Your Roll On" and "#1 Stunna", which was also featured on "The Original Kings Of Comedy" soundtrack. Other singles released were "10 Wayz" and "Snake".
"I Got That Work" debuted at #3 on the "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 187,000 copies in the US. The album received a Platinum certification on September 15, 2000, by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album has sold 1.5 million copies as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9750710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750710" title="Jean-François Balmer">
Jean-François Balmer

Jean-François Balmer (born April 18, 1946 in Valangin) is a Swiss actor. He has worked extensively in French cinema, television and stage productions since the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="9750722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750722" title="Souconna (mythology)">
Souconna (mythology)

Souconna is a Celtic goddess, the deity of the river Saône at Chalon-sur-Saône, to whom epigraphic invocation was made.

</doc>
<doc id="9750747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750747" title="The Velvet Hour">
The Velvet Hour

The Velvet Hour is a 2003 album by Bird York. It features the song "In the Deep" from the film Crash. Producers on this record include Michael Becker, Bird York, Thom Russo and Larry Klein. It also includes songs heard on ", House, Seven Pounds, Everwood", the John Cusack-produced feature "Never Get Outta The Boat" and "Jake 2.0" among others. This record was licensed by EMI from York's label Blissed Out Records in 2006 and rereleased with minor changes as Wicked Little High.

</doc>
<doc id="9750756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750756" title="Larrabee State Park">
Larrabee State Park

Larrabee State Park is a state park in Washington, located six miles (10 km) south of the city of Bellingham. It was the first state park to be created in Washington.
The park features a short walk down to a pebble beach with views onto Samish Bay and the San Juan Islands.
History.
Larrabee State Park had its beginnings in 1915, when the Larrabee family donated 20 acres of land to the state with the intent that it be made into a park. In 1923, the new park was officially named after Charles Xavier Larrabee.

</doc>
<doc id="9750759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750759" title="Singlish Typewriter">
Singlish Typewriter

Singlish Sinhala Typewriter is a method to typewrite Sinhala text on a computer using an English keyboard in English letters. In other words, it is like typewriting Sinhala in English letters but the final result comes in Sinhala letters (e.g. mama = මම, aakaasha = ආකාශ) Because it is a combination of Sinhala and English it is called Singlish, a word built from taking “Sin” from Sinhala and “glish” from English.
Software.
There are many software products developed to achieve the Singlish typewriter concept. Some of them come as a separate word processor, while others have made a plug-in or an add-in to many existing word processors. Research has shown that people do not easily change the word processor they have used for a long time. Therefore, Singlish software created as plug-in has been more popular.
Development.
Singlish is parallel and independently developed by many programmers. There are different features and techniques to get the output, the basic concept is to get the Sinhala letters by typing in English letters (input sequence).
Methodology.
The basic methodology of Singlish parsing is to split the input text from English vowels. A single letter in Sinhala when written with English letters ends with a vowel. But this does not occur every time. When the user has entered a text in English letters, the Singlish parser scans through it from the beginning to the end. When it sees a consonant after a vowel it marks between the letters identifying a Sinhala letter. Then it queries a reference table to get the Sinhala letter for that set of English letters. That Sinhala letter is placed in the resulting document.

</doc>
<doc id="9750764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750764" title="Telo (mythology)">
Telo (mythology)

Telo is a Celtic god, the eponymous spirit of Toulon in the Var. He was the deity of the sacred spring around which the ancient settlement sprang up. A series of dedications to Telo come from Périgueux nearby: on three of these Telo is invoked with another deity, the goddess Stanna.

</doc>
<doc id="9750799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750799" title="João de Loureiro">
João de Loureiro

João de Loureiro (1710, Lisbon – October 1791) was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary and botanist.
After receiving admission to the Jesuit Order, he served as a missionary in Goa (3 years) and Macau (4 years). In 1742 he traveled to Cochinchina, remaining there for 35 years. Here he worked as a mathematician and naturalist, acquiring knowledge on the properties and uses of native medicinal plants. In 1777 he journeyed to Canton, returning to Lisbon four years later.
In 1790 he published a work on flora of Cochinchina titled "Flora Cochinchinensis".

</doc>
<doc id="9750806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750806" title="Palo (OLAP database)">
Palo (OLAP database)

Palo is a memory resident multidimensional (online analytical processing (OLAP) or multidimensional online analytical processing (MOLAP)) database server and typically used as a business intelligence tool for controlling and budgeting purposes with spreadsheet software acting as the user interface. Beyond the multidimensional data concept, Palo enables multiple users to share one centralised data storage (single version of the truth).
This type of database is suitable to handle complex data models for business management and statistics. Apart from multidimensional queries, data can also be written back and consolidated real-time. To give rapid access to all data, Palo stores them in the memory during run time. The server is available as open source and proprietary software.
Jedox was founded by Kristian Raue in 2002 and developed by Jedox AG, a company based in Freiburg, Germany. The firm currently employs approximately 100 people. Kristian Raue's departure from Jedox was announced in June 2014. 
Features.
Palo for Excel is an open source plug-in for Microsoft Excel. There is also an open source plug-in for OpenOffice.org named PalOOCa, with Java and web client also available from the JPalo project. Palo can also be integrated into other systems via its client libraries for Java, PHP, C/C++, or .NET Framework. It is fairly easy to communicate with Palo OLAP Server, since it uses representational state transfer (REST).
Starting in October 2008, Palo supports XML for Analysis and MultiDimensional eXpressions (MDX) APIs for connectivity, and OLE DB for OLAP interface which allows standard Excel pivot tables to serve as a client tool.
Starting September 2011, Palo supports SDX dialect of LINQ.
Palo also provides a web-based spreadsheet interface called Palo Web.
Architecture.
Palo Suite is a tightly integrated framework consisting of: Palo MOLAP Server, Palo ETL Server, Palo Web (Palo Spreadsheet - Connection, User, ETL, File and Report Manager), Palo for Excel, Palo Supervision Server and the Palo Client Libraries.
The Data in Palo database is stored as a cube in the Palo MOLAP server. The Palo Excel Add-In component is used as a service to communicate between the Excel and the Palo MOLAP Server.

</doc>
<doc id="9750842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750842" title="March 2007 in rail transport">
March 2007 in rail transport


</doc>
<doc id="9750854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750854" title="Syltefjorden (Finnmark)">
Syltefjorden (Finnmark)

Syltefjorden is a fjord in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The long fjord flows from the river Syltefjordelva on the large Varanger Peninsula into the Barents Sea. The Varangerhalvøya National Park lies just south of the fjord.
Historically, there were three fishing villages located around the fjord: Nordfjord, Hamna, and Ytre Syltefjord. All three villages were abandoned during the 20th century. Along the northern shore of the fjord lies the large Syltefjordstauran mountain. The mountain is home to a very large bird colony that is popular with tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="9750863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750863" title="Norreys Estate">
Norreys Estate

The Norreys Estate is a housing estate, part of the Dowlesgreen area of Wokingham in the English county of Berkshire, situated just east of the town centre.
Before 1844, the area was officially a detached part of Wiltshire. The estate is named after the Norreys family from Ockwells Manor in Bray and Yattendon Castle. One of their minor manors covered this area and was known as Norreys Manor. More specifically the name was taken from the large Norreys Avenue, which now runs through the southern portion of the estate. This road was built on arable farmland in the late 1940s as emergency housing during World War II.
The area contains many houses, mostly built in the 1960s, including much of Ashridge Road, Budges Road, Eustace Crescent, Barrett Crescent and Longs Way. After London Road and Finchampstead Road, Norreys Avenue is one of the largest residential roads in Wokingham. It starts off at a junction off Wiltshire Road, heads slightly NNE before turning sharply north, then east, the curving around back to a southern direction, forming the distinctive "n" shape. A few cul-de-sacs appear on the road, including Coronation Square, Elizabeth Road.
In 2011, the Council proposed to demolish the 1960s blocks of flats on Eustace Crescent and replace them with more modern, low-rise accommodation, due to the deteriorating quality of the buildings. As of 2014, most tenants have been moved out of the buildings, and demolition is expected to follow shortly.

</doc>
<doc id="9750873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750873" title="South Kipchakya">
South Kipchakya

South Kipchakya () is a name coined by the Turkish historians Fahrettin Kırzıoğlu and Yunus Zeyrek to refer to the South Caucasus marchlands comprising the historical Georgian and Armenian lands that borders with or are now part of Turkey. According to these historians, these areas were allegedly inhabited, in the Middle Ages, by the Kipchak Turks recruited by the kings of Georgia in their armies and subsequently largely Christianized until the Ottoman conquest of the region converted them into Islam.
Historical theses to lay claims for a non-Georgian/non-Armenian or Turkic ancestry for these areas have been encouraged, to some extent, by the Turkish State, but have been heavily criticized by the Western, Georgian and Armenian scholars as "nationalist distortions of the history of the region". 

</doc>
<doc id="9750897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750897" title="Pavilion of Prince Teng">
Pavilion of Prince Teng

The Pavilion of Prince Teng () or Tengwang Pavilion is a building in the north west of the city of Nanchang, in Jiangxi province, China, on the east bank of the Gan River and is one of the Three Great Towers of southern China. The other two are the YueYang Tower and the Yellow Crane Pavilion. It has been destroyed and rebuilt many times over its history. The present building was rebuilt in 1989 on the original site. The rebuilding plan was devised by the famous architect Liang Sicheng，and now the Pavilion of Prince Teng is the landmark of Nanchang. There are nine floors in total. The main architectural structure is in Song dynasty wooden style, showing the magnificence of the Pavilion.
History.
The Pavilion of Prince Teng was first built in 653 AD, by Li Yuanying (), the younger brother of Emperor Taizong of Tang and uncle of Emperor Gaozong of Tang. Li Yuanying was enfeoffed as Prince Teng in 639 and spent his early years in Suzhou. In 652 he was assigned the governorship of Nanchang where the pavilion served as his townhouse. The Pavilion of Prince Teng is the only existing royal architecture in southern China. Twenty years later, the building was rebuilt by the new governor. Upon its completion, a group of local intelligentsia gathered to compose prose and poetry about the building. The most famous of these is the "Preface to the Pavilion of Prince Teng" () by Wang Bo. This piece made the Pavilion of Prince Teng a household name in China down to the present day. The phrase 时来风送腾王阁 appears in the () by Wang Bo; it means "wind comes to say goodbye to the Pavilion". This phrase is famous in the city of Nanchang. The old famous saying 藤断葫芦剪，塔圮豫章残 perfectly describes the position of the pavilion in the city of Nanchang, meaning that if the Pavilion of Prince Teng and the Shëngjin Tower fall, the treasure and resources of Nanchang will not exist any more, which shows that the Pavilion of Prince Teng is highly valued and worshiped by people of Nanchang.
The Pavilion was to be destroyed and rebuilt a total of 29 times over the next centuries. The building itself changed shape and function many times. The penultimate construction was during the Tongzhi era of the Qing Dynasty. That building was destroyed in October 1926 during the chaotic warlords era.
The Present.
The present Pavilion of Prince Teng was built according to the design of famous architect Liang Sicheng, and was completed on 8 October 1989; now a landmark of Nanchang. The building is of reinforced concrete, but decorated in faux-Song Dynasty style. It is 57.5 metres tall and has nine stories. The building has a total floor area of 13000 square metres.
The building sits atop a 12-metre tall concrete platform, which is intended to symbolise the now-destroyed ancient city wall. A stainless steel tablet at the entrance is engraved with a calligraphy work of Mao Zedong. The Pavilion takes the city as its background and the river as its mirror. The whole image is as beautiful as the traditional Chinese painting.
The beautiful garden which is built in 1989 is the perfect ornament of the Pavilion.
The building mainly serves tourism purposes. Apart from internal decoration, attractions include a theatre staging simulated period musical performances, and displays of reconstructed ancient instruments. There are some restaurants and souvenir shops. The streets around the pavilion have been designed to conform with its style. This area has become the centre of Nanchang's antiques trade.
Influences.
The Pavilion of Prince Teng achieved national fame through the "Preface to the Pavilion of Prince Teng". As a result, it was endowed by later generations with almost legendary status as an example of magnificent architecture. When the Forbidden City was built, its corner towers were built to imitate the Pavilion of Prince Teng and the Yellow Crane Pavilion as depicted in Song Dynasty paintings. (Strangely, both pavilions are depicted identically in surviving paintings). These uniquely structured corner towers remain some of the most valued architectural treasures of the Forbidden City. The Pavilion of Prince Teng was regarded as the holy land in several dynasties in the history of China. In the mean time, it is the ancient library as well, storing a large number of precious scriptures and poems. 

</doc>
<doc id="9750908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750908" title="Neil Murray (footballer)">
Neil Murray (footballer)

Neil Murray (born 21 February 1973 in Bellshill) is a Scottish former football player. Murray is best known for playing for Rangers in the early 1990s, but he also played in Switzerland, France, Germany and England.
Career.
Murray began his career with Rangers, where he won the domestic treble in 1992/93. Murray left Ibrox in 1996, moving to Swiss side Sion winning the Swiss League and Cup double before moving to French club Lorient a year later. Following his spells abroad, Murray returned to Scotland for a short spell at Dundee United, before moving back to the continent with German side Mainz 05. During his two years there, he had a short loan spell with English side Grimsby Town, and came back to Scotland permanently in 2002, signing for Falkirk. Murray played out the next season with Ayr United, which was to be his last in professional football.
Murray represented the Scotland national under-21 football team.
Murray later worked alongside ex-Rangers player Kevin Drinkell for a sports management company. 
He also worked as a co-commentator for Setanta Sports coverage of the Bundesliga. Murray was appointed chief scout by Rangers in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9750911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750911" title="YandexBlog">
YandexBlog

YandexBlog is a bot which is owned by Yandex (Russian search engine). The bot crawls web blogs, forums and RSS feeds that users add to their custom feeds-reader page located at http://lenta.yandex.ru/. Bot can be identified by user agent codice_1, where X is number of users subscribed on current RSS feed or blog.

</doc>
<doc id="9750934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750934" title="Alfred Neumann (writer)">
Alfred Neumann (writer)

Alfred Neumann (15 October 1895, Lautenburg, Germany (Poland) – 3 October 1952, Lugano, Switzerland) was a German writer of novels, stories, poems, plays, and films, as well as a translator into German. He was a recipient of the Kleist Prize in 1926 and his writings were banned during the Third Reich. He became a US citizen after moving to Los Angeles in 1941 where he stayed until 1949. His work as a screenwriter included "Conflict", "None Shall Escape", and "The Return of Monte Cristo". Other films, like the French "La Tragédie impériale" (1938), were based on his novels and stories. Neumann produced the first successful stage adaptation of "War and Peace" in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="9750936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750936" title="Michael Young (actor)">
Michael Young (actor)

Michael Meredith Young (8 March 1952) is an American actor and television host.
Young has a 25-year entertainment career encompassing all areas of production. A TV Emmy Award winner (recognized for ABC's Kids Are People Too!, ESPN Sports, Young Talent Time and CBS' Miss Teen USA) he was also part of the launch teams at CNBC, and The Disney Channel. Michael began his career at QUBE, the world's first interactive TV network, created by Warner Communications, where his show won cable TV's first ACE award for entertainment series. He made a cameo as a celebrity guest on the June 30-July 4, 1986 week of "Super Password", helping win $50,000 for his contestant partner on July 3, 1986, with the help of Bert Convy and "Dallas" star Jenilee Harrison. This a four-episode week, due to a planned nation-wide preemption on the 4th of July 1986. Michael would later host a game show of his own; a Florida Lottery game show called "Flamingo Fortune" alongside Lisa Stahl.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Young was born in Montgomery, Alabama. His father was a career Air Force Officer and Michael immediately moved to Tokyo, Japan. His elementary education was in Texas, Colorado, Paris France, and McLean, Virginia. He attended Langley High School,Wagner High School at Clark AFB in the Philippines, and International School Bangkok in Thailand and was the Senior Class President, graduated in 1970. He attended Auburn University and received a BA in Pre-Law Political Science. He was member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity, and Who’s Who in American Colleges and Universities.
Later career.
In 1994 Young created Alton Entertainment to specifically produce informational TV programs with a new client driven financial model - profiled on the front page of the Marketing section of the Wall Street Journal, 8/10/94. Alton’s first program, Main Floor, ran in National Broadcast Syndication for 12 years. The corresponding website, www.mainfloor.com was established in 1994 and was one of the first fashion Internet sites, eventually becoming all video. Young sold Alton Entertainment to the Interpublic Group of Companies [NYSE: IPG.
In 2001 Young established Michael Young Media and web video content for magazine clients such as Vogue, Lucky, Conde Nast Media Group, Better Homes & Gardens, Ladies Home Journal, American Baby and others. The first effort, TrendWatch, launched Vogue.tv. This company also began producing twice annual convention events for Asset Marketing Systems, a financial services company, in 2004.
Additional Information.
In March 1990 Young married Chilean television personality and former Miss Universe winner Cecilia Bolocco in Santiago. Their marriage was annulled in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9750943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750943" title="Vasily Kipriyanov">
Vasily Kipriyanov

Vasily Onufrievich Kipriyanov, a librarian, was at the head of the "Civil Publishing House" under the general supervision of Jacob Bruce. It was the first Russian private publishing house (established by the special order of Peter I of May 30, 1705).

</doc>
<doc id="9750945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750945" title="Bird York (album)">
Bird York (album)

Bird York is the debut album by Bird York. It includes collaborations with Grammy Award winning producer Larry Klein, and Grammy Award winning engineer mixer, Thom Russo and includes songs heard on "Nip Tuck" and CBS's "Family Law". Musicians include Tori Amos guitarist Steve Caton, Shawn Colvin producer/bassist Larry Klein, and Seal's keyboardist-programmer, Jamie Muhoberac.
Bird York was nominated for an Oscar in 2006 and sang her song "In the Deep" at that year's Oscar ceremony. 

</doc>
<doc id="9750946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750946" title="Military ranks of the Swiss Armed Forces">
Military ranks of the Swiss Armed Forces

The military ranks of the Swiss Army have changed little over the centuries, except for the introduction, in 2001, of a new set of warrant officers. The rank insignia for all personnel are worn on shoulder boards with the appropriate background colour (see below). Recruits of all services do not wear any rank insignia. Once recruit school is finished, privates wear one. Designations are given in German, French, Romansh and Italian (in this order), with an English translation which is used during overseas missions. In the chart below, NATO codes are used for comparison purposes only: Switzerland is not a member of NATO, and the rank structure in the senior officer region can be seen to diverge significantly from other armies'.
Officers.
The four highest ranks can wear a dress uniform Kepi with additional rank insignia:

</doc>
<doc id="9750953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750953" title="Marriage stone">
Marriage stone

A marriage stone is usually a stone lintel carved with the initials, coat of arms, etc. of a newly married couple with the date of the marriage. They were very popular until Victorian times, but fell out of general use in the 20th century. Many survive due to their having been carved in stone or wood and because they are part of, or they are in the grounds of listed and therefore protected buildings.
Purpose.
Marriage stones serve as a record of a marriage, especially important in aristocratic families and also sometimes practiced amongst the newly established and monied middle classes. They were sometimes added to a building which was constructed specifically as the new family home for the married couple, especially when the dowry was large, or were carved into a pre-existing lintel. The stones also clearly indicated the ownership of the building to onlookers at the time as well as serving as a record for posterity of both marital bliss and often also of social advancement.
Datestones are a subtly different category in that they primarily commemorate the construction of a building rather than record a marriage. They may do both and such symbolism as entwined hearts indicates that they serve to perform both functions. Datestones are far more common than marriage stones and are found on most types of vernacular buildings, indeed they are in vogue again today (2007), partly through the influence of the significance of the 2000 millennium year. Some buildings have both marriage stones and datestones, such as 'The Hill' at Dunlop, which has a date stone on the 'mansion house' and even the gateposts are dated.
Positioning.
The stones were placed where they would be easily and frequently seen by visitors, usually on the lintel above the front door of a house or in a prominent position facing the entrance or in the gardens, such as above a doorway in wall.
Design.
Usually carved into stone or sometimes wood, they can be very detailed, with usually only the initials of the married couple, the date of the marriage and sometimes the Coat of arms of the 
two families, just those of the husband and very rarely the combined coats of arms of both families. In some cases the adornment was religious in nature, such as at 'The Hill' farm mansion house (see photograph) or an artistic design simply placed there as an ornamentation. The designs are found cut into the stone or standing proud of the rock face. Originally some of these stones would have been brightly painted and adorned with gilt.
Modern marriage stones.
A two ton Scottish granite Marriage stone was created for the wedding of Prince Charles and Camilla Parker-Bowles, 9 April 2005. Unusually this has carvings on both sides.
Stones associated with marriage.
The Treustein.
Many synagogues in Germany featured a "Treustein", or "marriage stone" at which a goblet was shattered at the culmination of the wedding ceremony.
Hindu weddings.
In the Hindu's marriage ceremony the bride stands on a stone to symbolise her commitment to the marriage during times of difficulty and the couple walk seven times round the sacred fire reciting a prayer at each stage.
Holed stones.
On the crest of a hill near the village of Doagh in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, sits a Bronze Age standing stone or 'holestone'. It is 1.5 metres high, with a 10 cm diameter hole cut into it. It is not known why the Holestone was created, but has attracted visitors seeking external love and happiness since at least the 18th century. Upon reaching the Holestone couples undertake a traditional ceremony where the woman reaches her hand through the circular hole and her partner takes it, thus pledging themselves to love each other forever. There is a legend regarding a black horse that inhabits the field in which the holestone is situated. According to this legend a young couple were married at the stone, but the groom committed an act of adultery on their wedding night. For this act he was cursed by the stone to spend eternity as a horse, never dying, and never able to leave that field.

</doc>
<doc id="9750956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750956" title="Fifi hook">
Fifi hook

The fifi hook is a small question mark shaped piece of equipment used principally in aid climbing to quickly connect a climber to gear to take their weight. It can also be useful for free climbing, alpinism and mixed climbing.
Typically made of stamped steel or forged alloy, it has a large hole at the bottom for connecting to one's harness and a smaller hole at the top for attaching a retrieval cord in case of a fall. 
Due to its open shape it offers very little strength and requires a great deal of caution when used.

</doc>
<doc id="9750983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750983" title="Nothing to You (re-mix) + 3">
Nothing to You (re-mix) + 3

Nothing to You (re-mix) + 3 is an EP released by the San Francisco Indie rock duo Two Gallants in 2006 by Alive Records.
The EP features two songs from the band's debut album The Throes, newly re-mixed and the songs "Sweet Baby Jesus" and "Fail Hard to Regain (live)" from the band's first 7" release. These two are released on CD on this EP for the first time. The 4 tracks have been entirely remastered.

</doc>
<doc id="9750997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750997" title="Sabatia stellaris">
Sabatia stellaris

Sabatia stellaris, with the common names Rose of Plymouth, Marsh Pink, Salt-marsh Pink, and Sea-pink; is a species of "Sabatia". It has the Syn. "Sabatia maculata" (Benth.) Benth. & Hook.f., "Sabatia palmeri" Gray, "Sabatia purpusii" Brandeg., "Sabatia simulata" Britt.).
Distribution.
The plant is endemic to the Eastern United States, where it occurs on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, from Massachusetts south to Florida and west to Louisiana. It is a halophyte, restricted to salt marsh habitats, where it is threatened by the invasive species "Phragmites australis".
Description.
"Sabatia stellaris" is an annual plant growing to 20 cm tall in the northern part of its range, and up to 50 cm tall in the south of the range. 
The leaves are arranged in opposite pairs, narrow to broad elliptic in shape, with narrow leaves in Florida, and broad leaves in New England; the change in leaf shape is clinal, and cannot be separated into discrete subspecies or varieties. 
The flowers are pink or white, with five or six corolla lobes ('petals'). The fruit is a dry capsule containing up to 600 seeds.
Conservation.
"Sabatia stellaris" is listed as endangered in Massachusetts, Connecticut and New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9750998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9750998" title="Violet Dickson">
Violet Dickson

Hajjiyah Dame Violet Penelope Dickson, DBE (née Lucas-Calcraft; 3 September 1896 – 4 January 1991) was the wife of British colonial administrator H. R. P. Dickson. She lived in Kuwait for 61 years, half of them as a widow, and published several books on the country. She was a keen amateur botanist and had a plant, "Horwoodia dicksoniae", named in her honour.
Life.
Violet Penelope Lucas-Calcraft was born in Gautby, Lincolnshire, England. Her father was Neville Lucas-Calcraft, a land agent. The 1900 census shows the family were living in Moat House, Gautby: the house was owned by Robert Charles de Gray Vyner, for whom Violet's father worked.
She met her husband Harold Dickson (1881 – 1959) in Marseilles, France, shortly after the end of World War I, where she was working in a bank. She travelled out to meet him in India, where he was stationed and where they were married. Shortly afterwards he was posted to Iraq.
Harold Dickson served as British Political Agent in Bahrain from 1919-1920. He also served in Persia (present-day Iran). In 1929 he was appointed British Political Agent to Kuwait, and served in this role until 1936. He briefly held this role again in 1941.
Violet accompanied him on all these postings, and soon became fluent in Arabic. After his retirement from political service, Harold Dickson worked for the Kuwait Oil Company. She was a keen botanist and published a book on the flora of Bahrain and Kuwait in 1955. She regularly sent wild flower collections to the botanic gardens at Kew Gardens in London, and the desert plant that she introduced to science, "Horwoodia dicksoniae" (known as "khuzama" in Arabic), was named in her honour.
She wrote her autobiography, "Forty Years in Kuwait", at the urging of Ian Fleming, author of the James Bond series of books. He had travelled to Kuwait in 1960 to research and write a book for the Kuwait Oil Company, and Dame Violet was one of the people he interviewed. Fleming's book, titled "State of Excitement", was never published as the Kuwait Oil Company 'did not care for its tone'; Dickson's book appeared 11 years after Fleming first suggested she should write it.
As the wife of a British government figure, she was expected to assist her husband in his duties, primarily at social functions and by accompanying him on some of his travels across the region. As a result, she came to know many of the rulers and dignitaries of the region, including King Abdul Aziz ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia, (who on one occasion presented her with an oryx, which became a pet), King Faisal of Iraq, four Kuwaiti rulers and many tribal sheikhs. She also dealt frequently with Western diplomats. This contact continued after the death of her husband, as her knowledge of Kuwait and the feuds and rivalries among the kingdom's 600-strong royal family made her an indispensable resource for British ambassadors and visiting diplomats. In 1976 Violet's 80th birthday party was a notable event for the British expatriate community in Kuwait.
Violet Dickson had a son, Saud (died 2005), and a daughter, Zahra Freeth (née Dickson), also an author on Middle Eastern topics. Dame Violet was given the honorific title "Umm Saud" (Arabic: أم سعود meaning Mother of Saud), and was also known as "Umm Kuwait" ("Mother of Kuwait"). She was also given the honorific "Hajjiyah", a term of respect meaning a female who has completed the Haj, the pilgrimage to Mecca. This is unusual, as non-Muslims are not allowed to perform the Haj. 
Dickson was made Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1942, Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1964 and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1976. She was awarded the Lawrence of Arabia Memorial Medal awarded by the Royal Society for Asian Affairs, London (formerly the Royal Central Asian Society) in 1960, for her work among the Bedouin women of Arabia and her study of the flora and fauna of the desert.
Death.
The British Political Agency in Kuwait was based in a house that had been built in 1870 for a Kuwaiti merchant. The Dicksons moved into the house in 1929, and the building served as the British political agency until 1935. Harold Dickson continued to live there until his death in 1959, and Violet until the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990, when she was evacuated, unwillingly, to Britain. She intended to return to her home in Kuwait City, but died on 4 January 1991, aged 94. 
The house was ransacked during the invasion, but has since been restored by the Kuwaiti National Council for Culture, Arts and Letters, and is now a tourist attraction. It is one of few surviving examples of 19th-century Kuwaiti architecture, with thirty rooms on two floors.
Eponymous scholarship.
The British Council in Kuwait offers the "Dame Violet Dickson Scholarship" to Kuwaiti women to encourage them to continue their postgraduate studies in the U.K. The scholarship is described as 'prestigious' and 'Kuwait's flagship award for women', reflecting the esteem in which Violet Dickson was held.
Archive.
Papers and photographs by Violet Dickson are held at the Middle East Centre Archive, St Antony's College, Oxford University, U.K. (MECA reference: GB165-0364). A gallery of photographs from the Violet Dickson Collection is available online here. Some papers are also held by the Faculty of Oriental Studies, Cambridge University, UK (FOS reference: BT C/22), and at Georgetown University Library, USA (William E. Mulligan papers).

</doc>
<doc id="9751005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751005" title="John Armitt">
John Armitt

Sir John Alexander Armitt, CBE, FREng (born 2 February 1946) is an English businessman, he is Chairman of the Olympic Delivery Authority, the body charged with building the venues, facilities and infrastructure for the 2012 Olympic Games. The appointment commenced on 1 September 2007.
He is also Chairman of the Council of the City and Guilds of London Institute, and took office in October 2012. He was Chairman of the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council from 2007 until 2012. He was appointed Chairman of National Express Group on 1 January 2013, he took office on 1 February.
Early life.
Armitt was born in February 1946 in North London. He is 6 ft 4 in tall. He attended Portsmouth Northern Grammar School. He graduated in Civil Engineering from the Portsmouth College of Technology in 1966 and took his first job with John Laing Construction. He has a Masters Degree from London Business School
Career.
He spent 27 years with John Laing plc, on various projects including the Sizewell B nuclear power station rising to become the Chairman of Laing's International and Civil Engineering Divisions. In 1993 he was appointed Chief Executive of Union Railways, the company responsible for implementing the Channel Tunnel rail link. From 1997 to 2001 he was Chief Executive of Costain Group, which he converted from an annual loss of £62M to a profit of £6.5M. In 2001 he became Chief Executive of Railtrack, and from 2002 to 2007 its successor, Network Rail,
the not-for-dividend company which owns, maintains, and runs the railway infrastructure in the UK. 
During his time at Network Rail he was believed by a survey sponsored by "The Sunday Times" to be the highest-paid public-sector employee in the UK. Armitt’s salary and bonus of £878,000 - rising to more than £1m when pension contributions are included, overtaking Adam Crozier, chief executive of Royal Mail.
On 2nd November 2012 the Government announced that Armitt would be a member of the Airports Commission.
Personal life.
He has a son (born 1974) and a daughter (born 1971), and two grandchildren. He married Mavis Sage in 1969 in Hounslow, but is now divorced. He lives with his partner.
Recognition.
On July 16, 2007, Armitt named a Class 43 HST powercar after himself at London Euston. The powercar in question forms part of Network Rail's New Measurement Train. He is a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering and of the Institution of Civil Engineers. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1997 for services to the rail industry and was knighted in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to engineering and construction as chair of the Olympic Delivery Authority. His knighthood was criticised by the family of a victim of the Grayrigg derailment, as Armitt had been serving as chief executive of Network Rail at the time of the 2007 accident. Network Rail were prosecuted for the incident on the same day that Armitt's knighthood was conferred.

</doc>
<doc id="9751015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751015" title="Power shuttle">
Power shuttle

A power shuttle is an additional unit used in transmissions and is generally used in agricultural tractors. While the vehicle is moving forwards, the driver can pull a lever that makes it stop and go backwards at the same speed. Power Shuttles are also known under various trade names such as Power Reverser etc. 
In forward/reverse position of the F-R lever, the pressure is built in the system due to flow to wet clutch. During, the pressure rise,F-R clutch is in energized condition which makes the vehicle to move forward/Reverse direction. Flow to tank line is blocked during the flow to F/R clutch.
Power shuttle are incorporated in transmissions in three forms:
1.Counter shaft transmissions.
In this case generally forward reverse synchronizers are replaced by the multi-plate friction clutches. Typically the multi-plate clutches are arranged on the main shaft or on the counter shaft. The forward reverse section of the gear box is generally located in the forward section as close to the engine as possible. This is beneficial to the forward reverse control elements as they are not subjected to the high relative torque.The challenge involved in providing this feature in the existing transmissions is the complex shaft arrangement. This problem arises due to the limitation of centre distance between the two shafts and fixed axial dimensions due to the vehicle size limitations.
2.Full Planetary(power shift).
In this type of transmissions the planetary action is used for providing forward or reverse action to the gear box.
3.CVT/IVT.
Here the automatic nature of the gear box takes care of the direction change by either engaging planetary sets or by engaging multi-plate clutches or by some other means.
Features of power shuttle transmissions.
Power shuttle transmissions were invented for mining and earth moving applications.The needs in the areas were:

</doc>
<doc id="9751020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751020" title="Gandiali Bala">
Gandiali Bala

Gandiali Bala is a town in Kohat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located to the north of Kohat city, the Gandiali dam is located in this town.

</doc>
<doc id="9751040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751040" title="Maciej Rybiński">
Maciej Rybiński

Maciej Rybiński (; 24 February 1784 in Slavuta in Wołyń, 17 January 1874 in Paris), Polish general, last chief of State of November Uprising.

</doc>
<doc id="9751042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751042" title="C. X. Larrabee">
C. X. Larrabee

Charles Xavier "C. X." Larrabee (November 19, 1843 – September 16, 1914) was a 19th-century businessman and a co-founder of the town of Fairhaven, Washington.
Early life.
Larrabee was born in 1843 to William and Mary Ann Larrabee in Portville, New York, and was only six years old when the family moved to Omro, Wisconsin in 1849, where his father opened a general store. Once he was old enough, Larrabee traveled to Poughkeepsie, New York to take a course at a business college to add to his public education.
Business career.
In 1875, he went to Montana, and in 1887, his efforts as a prospector were rewarded by the discovery of the valuable Mountain View near Butte. After selling this property to the Boston & Montana Company, he moved to Portland, Oregon. In 1890, he arrived in Bellingham, Washington and associated himself with Nelson Bennett, the founder of Tacoma, Washington. Together they started the town of Fairhaven and formed the Fairhaven Land Company, which was financed by Larrabee. Larrabee later purchased the land company holdings of his partner and retained control of the corporation until his death, doing work in land development.
He founded the Citizens Bank of Bellingham, and was that institution's first president. He was also a member of the firm of Larrabee Brothers, a group of private bankers in Deer Lodge, Montana. Larrabee organized the Roslyn-Cascade Coal Company of Roslyn, Washington and developed what was known as one of the finest coal mines in the state of Washington. Larrabee was one of the first area businessmen in the Pacific Northwest region to realize the possibilities of the salmon-fishing industry. He also the owner of a stock ranch known as Brooknook, near Dillon, Montana, and was a breeder of Morgan horses.
Later life.
On August 3, 1892, Larrabee married Frances Frazier Payne (15 Jan 1867 - 11 Jun 1941), a daughter of Benjamin and Adelia Payne, residents of St. Louis, Missouri. The Larrabees had four children: Charles Francis, Edward Payne, Mary Adele, and Benjamin Howard.
In 1914, Larrabee hired Seattle architect Carl Gould to design a house in Bellingham and christened Larrabee Manor upon its completion. Charles Larrabee died in September of that year before construction even began. The house was finished under the supervision of his wife, Frances, and is now on the United States National Register of Historic Places and maintained by a non-profit trusteeship.
Soon after Larrabee's death, his family donated of land to the state of Washington for the creation of a state park in Larrabee's name. Charles and Frances are interred at the Acacia Mausoleum near Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="9751046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751046" title="Levi Roots">
Levi Roots

Keith Valentine Graham Bilal Musa (born 24 June 1958), better known as Levi Roots, is a British-Jamaican reggae musician, television personality, celebrity chef, businessman and multi-millionaire currently residing in Brixton, South London.
Music.
Roots has performed with James Brown and Maxi Priest and was nominated for a Best Reggae Act MOBO award in 1998. He was a friend of Bob Marley when he resided in the UK and performed "Happy Birthday Mr. President" for Nelson Mandela in 1992 on his trip to Brixton. He gained widespread fame after appearing on the UK television programme "Dragons' Den", where he gained £50,000 funding for his Reggae Reggae Sauce.
Reggae Reggae Sauce.
Levi Roots' Reggae Reggae Sauce is a jerk barbecue sauce. In 2006, the sauce was available for sale at the Notting Hill Carnival, with 4,000 bottles sold.
He later took the sauce to a food trade show, where he was spotted by a BBC producer who approached him to appear on "Dragons' Den". He appeared in the first episode of the fourth series, seeking £50,000 of investment from the Dragons in return for a 20% equity stake in Reggae Reggae Sauce. Despite erroneously claiming that he had an order for 2.5 million litres of the sauce (when in fact the order was for 2,500 kilograms), he was offered the £50,000 for a 40% stake in his business by Peter Jones and Richard Farleigh. Shortly after his appearance on the programme, Sainsbury's announced that they would be stocking the sauce in 600 of their stores.
Leading from the success of his spicy sauce, Roots released an extended version of his song "Reggae Reggae Sauce" which features one of his children (Joanne) on backing vocals. The music video features a cameo from Peter Jones. All of the money raised went to Comic Relief. The song, which formed part of his pitch on "Dragons' Den" (and was also sung by Roots in an appearance on Harry Hill's "TV Burp"), was also released as a download single. "Proper Tings (The Reggae Reggae Sauce Song)" received its first play on Allan Lake's breakfast show on Core.
He spoke at the SWRDA's enterprise conference on 24 November 2008. Levi has also spoken to the Isle of Man Junior Chamber of Commerce. He is a keen admirer of children's enterprise as shown when he did a tour of Plymouth School talking about how he became a successful musician and businessman.
A news story in "The Grocer" magazine in 2010 states that a range of ready meals were to be launched, and that Roots had stated that the value of the brand had then increased to £30 million.
In June 2014 Levi Roots attended the GRILLSTOCK festival in Bristol . He performed several songs on stage
Books and television.
"Levi Roots' Reggae Reggae Cookbook" was published in 2008, with a foreword by Roots' investor, Peter Jones. The book has chapters on Roots' story of coming to London and an introduction to Caribbean ingredients. To coincide with the release of his recipe book, Roots appeared on the 3 June 2008 edition of BBC's "Ready Steady Cook" as a celebrity. He achieved the second place against Lesley Waters.
Roots had a television cooking show, "Caribbean Food Made Easy", on BBC2, with a book of the same name published in August 2009. The show followed Roots as he travelled the UK and Jamaica demonstrating easy ways to cook Caribbean food at home.
Roots appeared on "Celebrity Mastermind" in 2010, coming second with 13 points.
Roots also appeared on "Big Brother, "where he cooked a Caribbean BBQ for the housemates.

</doc>
<doc id="9751056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751056" title="Józef Montwiłł">
Józef Montwiłł

Józef Montwiłł (9 March 1850 in Mitėniškiai (now Kėdainiai district, Lithuania) – 7 February 1911) was a Polish-Lithuanian social worker, bank owner and philanthropist, notable for the many social societies he founded. A descendant of a Lithuanian noble family, Montwiłł inherited a significant fortune, which he further increased through banking and investment. He financed numerous courses for the poor, among them was a class of painting and arts, run by - among others - Józef Bałzukiewicz and Ivan Trutnev, from which graduated a renowned Lithuanian artist Juozas Zikaras. 
In 1898 Montwiłł also financed a monument to Adam Mickiewicz in Vilnius, designed by Tadeusz Stryjeński. As the tsarist authorities did not allow the monument to be placed in open space, it was built inside the Saint John's Church. Montwiłł also created the "Lutnia" Artistic Society and financed the construction of the society's theatre, in currently Lithuanian National Drama Theatre. Among other societies he formed and financed was the Society of Friends of Sciences, one of the founding members of the Polish Academy of Sciences. 
Montwiłł also financed the creation of a Polish school in Vilnius (1907), a city hall in Panevėžys; built already after his death, and the Polish Theatre in Vilnius (in modern times converted to "Russian Dramatic Theatre of Lithuania"). He died in 1911 and was buried at the Rossa cemetery (Lithuanian: Rasos). His tomb, designed by Zygmunt Otto, was decorated with a sculpture of an angel. Although vandalized in recent times, the tomb remains there. In 1935 a monument to Montwiłł was erected in front of the Franciscan Church. A monument in his honour was built in the square, located in the former Franciscan cemetery in the Trakai Street of Vilnius.
In modern times the Polish Culture in Lithuania Fund () has adtoped Montwiłł as its patron.

</doc>
<doc id="9751066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751066" title="Nick McKeown">
Nick McKeown

Nicholas (Nick) William McKeown, is a professor in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science departments at Stanford University. He has also started technology companies in Silicon Valley.
Biography.
Nick McKeown was born April 7, 1963 in Bedford, England. 
He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Leeds in 1986. From 1986 through 1989 he worked for Hewlett-Packard Labs, in their network and communications research group in Bristol, England. 
He moved to the United States in 1989 and earned both his master's degree in 1992 and PhD in 1995 from the University of California at Berkeley. During Spring 1995, he worked briefly for Cisco Systems where he helped architect their GSR 12000 router.
His PhD thesis was on "Scheduling Cells in an Input-Queued Cell Switch", with advisor Professor Jean Walrand.
He joined the faculty of Stanford University in 1995 as assistant professor of electrical engineering and computer science.
In 1997 McKeown co-founded Abrizio Inc. with Anders Swahn, where he was CTO.
Abrizio was acquired by PMC-Sierra in 1999 for stock shares worth $400 million.
He was promoted to associate professor in 2002. 
He was co-founder in 2003 (with Sundar Iyer) and CEO of Nemo Systems, which Cisco Systems bought for $12.5 million cash in 2005.
He became faculty director of the Clean Slate Program in 2006, and was promoted to full professor at Stanford in 2010.
Research.
McKeown is active in the software-defined networking (SDN) movement, which he helped start with Scott Shenker and Martin Casado. SDN and OpenFlow arose from the PhD work of Casado at Stanford University, where he was a student of McKeown. 
OpenFlow is a novel programmatic interface for controlling network switches, routers, Wi-Fi access points, cellular base stations and WDM/TDM equipment. OpenFlow challenged the vertically integrated approach to switch and router design of the past twenty years. McKeown works closely with Guru Parulkar, Executive Director of the Stanford Clean Slate Program.
In 2007, Casado, McKeown and Shenker co-founded Nicira Networks, a Palo Alto, California based company working on network virtualization, acquired by VMWare for $1.26 billion in July 2012.
In 2011 McKeown and Shenker co-founded the Open Networking Foundation (ONF) to transfer control of OpenFlow to a newly created not-for-profit organization.
Awards and distinctions.
In 2000, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Communications Society Stephen O. Rice Prize for the best paper in communications theory went to a paper on "Achieving 100% Throughput in an Input-Queued Switch", which McKeown co-authored with Adisak Mekkittikul, Venkat Anantharam and Jean Walrand.
The paper discussed dealing with the problem of head-of-line blocking using Virtual Output Queues.
McKeown was elected to the US National Academy of Engineering in 2011. He is a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering (UK), a Fellow of the IEEE and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). In 2005 he was awarded the Lovelace Medal from the British Computer Society where he gave a lecture on "Internet Routers (Past Present and Future)". The citation described him as "the world's leading expert on router design." In 2009 he received the IEEE Koji Kobayashi Computers and Communications Award. At Stanford he has been the STMicroelectronics Faculty Scholar, the Robert Noyce Faculty Fellow, a Fellow of the Powell Foundation and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, and recipient of a CAREER award from the National Science Foundation.
McKeown entertained, and distinguished himself, at the TED 2006 Conference in Monterey, where he took the stage for 3 minutes and juggled balls while reciting Pi to 200 places.
Opposition to the death penalty.
McKeown is involved in the movement to abolish the death penalty. In 2001 he co-funded the Death Penalty Clinic at the UC Berkeley School of Law (known as Boalt Hall) in Berkeley, California.
In 2009 he received the Abolition Award from Death Penalty Focus.

</doc>
<doc id="9751079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751079" title="Jeffery Atkins (illusionist)">
Jeffery Atkins (illusionist)

Henry Jeffery Atkins (3 September 1919 – 19 March 2001) was a British magician. He is cited as a major force in the International Brotherhood of Magicians (IBM) British Ring, for which he was honorary secretary and convention organizer for many years. He also served a term as international president of the IBM. As a performer he specialized in revivals or re-creations of antique magic. He made a number of appearances on national television in the United Kingdom. On one occasion he staged a revival of the Radium Girl illusion for the "Paul Daniels Magic Show". He is commemorated through the "Jeffery Atkins memorial lecture" held at the annual convention of the British Ring of the IBM.
Spelling.
There is occasionally confusion over the spelling of Atkins' name. His obituary at the "Magic Times" website used the spelling Jeffery and it has been stated on the "Genii magazine" forum that this was the correct spelling, "not" Jeffrey.

</doc>
<doc id="9751107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751107" title="Charles Larrabee">
Charles Larrabee

Charles Larrabee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9751125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751125" title="Léo Lagrange">
Léo Lagrange

Biography.
As a child, he was registered with the Éclaireurs de France, a scouting movement which had no religious affiliation. At the end of his studies at the Lycée Henri-IV, in August 1917, he joined the army. On his return, he was registered in the Faculty of Law and at the Institute of political sciences. Shortly after the Tours Congress (December 1920), he joined the SFIO, directed by Paul Faure, Jean Longuet and Léon Blum and joined the Socialist students' organisation.
Having obtained his law degree, he registered in 1922 at the bar of Paris. Affected by the horrors of World War I, he reserved in particular his services to victims of tuberculosis, of lung diseases and of poison gas. He married Madeleine Veiller in 1925. The following year, he met André Malraux and Jean Prévost. Léo Lagrange mixed then with the intellectual movement of the 1930s, being linked with a number of writers, historians, artists and scientists. He became a writer with the newspaper "Le Populaire", the press organ of the SFIO, and held there a chronique on legal topics.
He stood in the legislative elections in 1928, in the XIe district of Paris but was defeated. At the time of the elections of May 1932, he was designated as a socialist candidate looking to win back the first district of Avesnes-sur-Helpe, in the Nord. At the public meetings, he stressed the need, for the working class, to be informed and organized if it wanted to lead one day. After the 6 February 1934 riots organised by far-right leagues, the "Cartel des gauches" was toppled. For the first time in the history of the Third Republic (1871-1940), threats of a right-wing coup d'état had been enough to overthrow a democratically elected government. Following this event, many people on the left believed in a fascist conspiracy to topple the Republic. Thus, they started organising in anti-fascist groups, preparing in advance the Comintern's Popular Front strategy.
Following the victory of the Popular Front at the 1936 legislative elections, Léo Lagrange was then named under-secretary of State for Sport and given responsibility for the organisation of Leisure, under the authority of the Minister for Public Health Henri Sellier. It was the first time that France had such a state secretary, and the Popular Front enacted the first paid holidays (2 weeks), among other social reforms.
His mandate was not addressed exclusively to youth but to all of society. He was focused nevertheless on the young because they constituted the future of society. Léo Lagrange strongly opposed the fascist model of sport, which transformed it into a substitute for belligerent activities and instrumentalized it in a militarist manner. To the contrary, Léo Lagrange advocated a conception of sports based on anti-militarism and on the fulfillment of individual personality:
“… It cannot be a question in a democratic country of militarizing the distractions and the pleasures of the masses and of transforming the joy skillfully distributed into a means of not thinking.”
He dedicated himself in developing sporting, tourist and cultural leisure, but he opposed the professionalisation of sports, creating an elitist caste of sportsmen, and was against their development in France. He was at the origin of the creation of the popular leisure pass which grants 40% of reduction on rail-bound transports, while he encouraged and impelled the movement of youth hostels. 1936 in France was witness, under the Popular Front, to the first departures towards snow resorts with special trains and reduced fares on the cable cars; popular cruises were also later introduced.
Léo Lagrange also played a major role in the co-organisation of the People's Olympiad in Barcelona with the Spanish Second Republic. Nazi Germany had managed to gain the right to organise the Olympic Games in Berlin, against Barcelona, but anti-fascists refused to participate in these Games and went on with their own project. The trials for these popular Olympiads proceeded on 4 July 1936 in the Pershing stadium in Paris, which had been built in June 1919. Léo Lagrange chaired these days in person, along with Minister of Transport Pierre Cot, André Malraux, who later fought in the International Brigades, and other figures of the Popular Front. Through their club, the FSGT, or individually, 1.200 French athletes were registered with these anti-fascist Olympiads.
But Blum finally decided not to vote for the funds to pay the athletes' expenses. A communist deputy declared: "Going to Berlin, is making oneself am accomplice of the torturers..." Nevertheless, on 9 July, when the whole of the French right voted “for” the participation of France in the Olympic Games of Berlin, whilst the left (French Communist Party included) abstained itself — with the particularly notable exception of Pierre Mendès France, who would become Prime Minister under the Fourth Republic and negotiate the peace agreements with the Viet-minh in Indochina in 1954. The Communist Party had been, before this vote, a main supporter of the People's Olympiad.
Nevertheless, several French sportsmen decided to boycott the Berlin Olympic Games anyway, and go to Barcelona where the People's Olympiads were scheduled to begin on 19 July 1936. Each stop in the train stations were the occasion of popular and joyful demonstrations, with people singing "The Internationale". However, on the eve of the opening ceremony, General Franco's military "pronunciamento", declared from Spanish Morocco, started the Spanish Civil War (1936-1939).
After having left the under-secretary's department, Léo Lagrante then became president of the lay Committee of the youth hostels. With the 1939 declaration of war, although a deputy, he voluntarily joined the military command, before being killed on 9 June 1940 in Évergnicourt by shrapnel. 
Léo Lagrange, who was opposed to professional sports and was against their development in France, had been:
Mass and professional sport.
Quotation from some of Léo Lagrange's speeches:
Sports and the SFIO.
At the same time, Fascism was instrumentalizing sports for a militarist end, while the SFIO had denounced it as a "bourgeois" and "reactionary" activity. That is, until the Popular Front, when it began to use it as a military and patriotic preparation, in anticipation of a conflict with Nazi Germany. Some SFIO members were not immune to the scientific racism discourse of the times. Thus, Georges Barthélémy, SFIO deputy, could declare that sport contributes to the "improvement of relations between capital and labour, henceforth to the elimination of the concept of class struggle," in a perfect corporatist conception. Barthélémy also considered sport as a "mean to prevent the moral and physical degeneration of the race." In this light, as well as in the modern professionalisation and mediatization of sports, Léo Lagrange's conception takes all its sense, both in opposition to his times and in its modernity.

</doc>
<doc id="9751132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751132" title="Kęstutis Latoža">
Kęstutis Latoža

Kęstutis Latoža (born 2 August 1950) is a Lithuanian football manager.
Career.
Latoža played club football for FK Žalgiris Vilnius from 1968 to 1983.
After representing the Lithuanian SSR team 76 times as a player, he retired and began a career in coaching. He has also played 515 matces, scored 50 goals. His notable appointments were as Head Coach of the Lithuania national football team and as a club manager in the Faroe Islands, . He later managed FK Žalgiris Vilnius of Lithuania,made them to champions of Lithuania. but left in 2006.
He was rewarded for his achievements with Comodor Cross, later rewarded by Vilnius sport departament and more.

</doc>
<doc id="9751139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751139" title="Clean Slate Program">
Clean Slate Program

The Clean Slate Program was an interdisciplinary research program at Stanford University which considered how the Internet could be redesigned with a "clean slate", without the accumulated complexity of existing systems but using the experience gained in their decades of development.
Its program director was Nick McKeown.
Program outline.
Clean Slate was based on the belief that the current Internet has significant deficiencies that need to be solved before it can become a unified global communication infrastructure, and that the Internet's shortcomings will not be resolved by the conventional incremental and backward-compatible style of academic and industrial networking research.
The research program focused on unconventional, bold, and long-term research that tries to break the network's ossification. To this end, the program was characterized by two research questions:
Program coordinators identified five key areas for research:
The Clean Slate Program ceased in January 2012, after spawning four major follow-up projects:

</doc>
<doc id="9751160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751160" title="D. S. Satyaranjan">
D. S. Satyaranjan

D. S. Satyaranjan is a Pastor, a New Testament Scholar, and an Administrator.
Early life and education.
Satyaranjan was born on January 19, 1939 in West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India
After completing his schooling and college education, he secured a B.A. degree through the Andhra University in 1959.
Divinity.
Satyaranjan was interested in pursuing divinity and left for Serampore College, West Bengal where he obtained a B.D. degree in 1964 and also studied under Yisu Das Tiwari.
Administrative Officer.
After completing studies in Serampore College, Satyaranjan was invited to serve as an Administrative Officer at the Senate of Serampore College (University). Accepting the responsibility entrusted to him, he served in that capacity from 1965 through 1971 under the then Registrar, Rev. Chetti Devasahayam.
Further Studies.
In the year 1971 he sought study leave and proceeded to the United Theological College, Bangalore under the principalship of Joshua Russel Chandran. By 1973, he obtained his M.Th. degree in New Testament at this college.
Registrar (UTC).
On invitation from the United Theological College, Bangalore, Satyaranjan served as Registrar from 1973 through 1978.
Registrar Senate of Serampore College (University).
By 1978, the Senate of Serampore College (University) in which Rev. Satyaranjan earlier served as Administrative Officer invited him again, this time to serve as its Registrar.
Sabbatical.
The Senate granted sabbatical to Rev. Satyaranjan who then proceeded to the United States of America and spent time at the San Francisco Theological Seminary (SFTS).
Subsequently, he returned to Serampore to continue to serve as the Registrar.
Retirement.
In the year 2004, Rev. Satyaranjan retired from the Registrarship of the University after having served in that capacity for more than twenty-five years.
From Serampore, Rev. Satyaranjan proceeded to Secunderabad and now lives a retired life in Karkhana area there.

</doc>
<doc id="9751165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751165" title="Kurwaldbahn">
Kurwaldbahn

The Kurwaldbahn is a funicular railway in the town of Bad Ems in the Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It links the city with a view point at the Bismarckturm (Bismarck Tower), and lies opposite the closed Malbergbahn funicular on the other bank of the River Lahn.
The funicular was constructed in 1979 and reconditioned in 2005. It operates daily every few minutes between 06:15 and 22:30.
The funicular has the following technical parameters:

</doc>
<doc id="9751167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751167" title="Self-pulsation">
Self-pulsation

Self-pulsation is a transient phenomenon in continuous-wave lasers. Self-pulsation takes place at the beginning of laser action. As the pump is switched on, the gain in the active medium rises and exceeds the steady-state value. The number of photons in the cavity increases, depleting the gain below the steady-state value, and so on. The laser pulsates; the output power at the peaks can be orders of magnitude larger than that between pulses. After several strong peaks, the amplitude of pulsation reduces, and the system behaves as a linear oscillator with damping. Then the pulsation decays; this is the beginning of the continuous-wave operation.
Equations.
The simple model of self-pulsation deals with number formula_1 of photons in the laser cavity 
and number formula_2 of excitations in the gain medium.
The evolution can be described with equations:
</ref>
At weak decay of the self-pulsation (even in the case of strong spiking), the solution of corresponding equation can 
be approximated through elementary function. The error of such approximation of the solution of the initial equations is small compared to the precision of the model. 
The pulsation of real the output of a real lasers in the transient regime usually show significant deviation from the simple model above, although the model gives good qualitative description of the 
phenomenon of self-pulsation.

</doc>
<doc id="9751169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751169" title="Joint mobilization">
Joint mobilization

Joint mobilization is a manual therapy intervention, a type of passive movement of a skeletal joint. It is usually aimed at a 'target' synovial joint with the aim of achieving a therapeutic effect. When applied to the spine, it is known as spinal mobilization. These techniques are often used by chiropractors, osteopaths, occupational therapists, and physical therapists. 
Classification and mechanisms of action.
Joint mobilization is classified by five 'grades' of motion, each of which describes the range of motion of the target joint during the procedure. The are generally called Grade I through Grade V. The different grades of mobilization are believed to produce selective activation of different mechanoreceptors in the joint.

</doc>
<doc id="9751172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751172" title="Trar Dewan">
Trar Dewan

Trar Dewan () is a village in the Kashmir region of Pakistan. It is 107 kilometres from Islamabad and 1.5 kilometres south of Rawalakot city in Azad Kashmir.
Demography.
The population of the town is about 10,000. There are various tribes including Sudhan, Quraishi, Khwaja, Mangral, Sulehria, Maldiyal Mughal, Dhund Abbasi and Gakhars.
Education.
The village has a government Poonch Medical college, a middle school for boys and a middle school for girls. Approximately 90% of the population are educated. Most college and university graduates include doctors, engineers, professors and businessmen.

</doc>
<doc id="9751173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751173" title="Gillemachoi">
Gillemachoi

Gillemachoi was a serf quitclaimed by King William I of Scotland to Jocelin, Bishop of Glasgow. His name means "lad" or "servant" of "St Mungo". In a charter issued at Selkirk at some point between 1175 and 1190, King William acknowledges the full ownership of "Gillemachoi de Conglud" and all his relatives and dependents to the "church of St Kentigern of Glasgow". It is not clear why Jocelin sought confirmation of ownership, since the bishopric had possessed the land of "Conglud", that is, Kinclaith (modern Glasgow Green) since the reign of King Máel Coluim IV.

</doc>
<doc id="9751206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751206" title="Kinclaith">
Kinclaith

The Kinclaith was the last Malt whisky still built in Glasgow, within the Strathclyde Grain distillery complex, in 1958. The Kinclaith distillery was closed in 1975.
Production.
The Kinclaith was a lowland malt Scotch whisky, produced from the waters of Loch Katrine.
Following the closure of the still, the stock, casked and bottled, has become rare, making it more collectable and the value has increased substantially. Today it is one of the most expensive brands in the world with bottles fetching prices of between $1500 and $4000 each.

</doc>
<doc id="9751210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751210" title="Jason Matthews (footballer)">
Jason Matthews (footballer)

Jason Lee Matthews (born 13 March 1975) is an English footballer who plays for Weymouth as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Born in Paulton, Somerset, Matthews started playing in goal at an early age and soon won a place at Millfield's Centre of Excellence.
Bristol Rovers signed him up on schoolboy terms but he was released just before he left school. Matthews then spent six years playing for a number of clubs in the Screwfix League including Welton Rovers, Paulton and Mangotsfield, before signing for Geoff Butler's Salisbury City.
The following season Matthews signed for Nuneaton Borough, though it was only a couple of months before he was invited to join Exeter City, where he spent the 1999–2000 season, giving him his only taste of Football League action.
He followed this by moving over the Welsh border to Aberystwyth Town for a year before joining Clevedon Town. It was from Clevedon that Geoff Butler signed him for Weymouth in 2002, where he has stayed (and stayed almost unrivalled #1 keeper) for nearly five whole seasons.
On 17 March 2007, he scored his first ever career goal for Weymouth in a Conference National match against Southport. It was all the more remarkable as it was from his own penalty area, in the last minutes of the game, and was the winning goal. It was the first ever goal a Weymouth goalkeeper has scored from open play in the entire history of the club.
Matthews made his Eastleigh debut in the 5-0 away win over Maidenhead United on the 8th March 2008 before making his home debut a week later in the 4–1 home defeat at the hands of Hayes & Yeading United a week later.
Adie Britton brought Matthews to Bath City on 22 June 2011. It has been stated that Matthews will start off as second choice keeper but both player and manager are hoping he puts pressure on current first team keeper Glyn Garner.
Matthews signed a one year contract at Dorchester Town in May 2012. In June 2013 Matthews returned to Weymouth on non contract terms for the 2013-14 season. When Brendon King was sacked he was made temporary Player/Manager at Weymouth. On 12 January 2014, Matthews was appointed player/manager on a full-time basis, after winning four of his seven games.
Managerial.
These statistics include all league and cup first-team fixtures.

</doc>
<doc id="9751218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751218" title="Philip McGuigan">
Philip McGuigan

Philip McGuigan (born 1973) is a Sinn Féin member of Ballymoney Borough Council in Northern Ireland and a former MLA. He was raised in Swatragh, County Londonderry.
A former student of Queens University, Belfast, Philip McGuigan is a full-time Sinn Féin activist and sat on the party's Ard Chomhairle (National Executive). He was elected to the Assembly in 2003 representing North Antrim.
McGuigan is a keen supporter of Irish culture and his four children are being educated through Irish medium schools. In his Gaelic football-playing days he won many honours including 2 All-Ireland Hogan Cup medals, numerous Ulster and County medals.
Philip McGuigan was elected to the Ballymoney Council in 2001, aged 27, with the highest vote of any of the 16 elected councillors. He is party whip for all the elected Assembly members in Sinn Féin.
He resides in Dunloy with his wife, Paula, and their four children.
He was elected in the assembly elections for North Antrim in 2003 but stood aside to let Daithi McKay contest the election on behalf of Sinn Féin in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9751223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751223" title="Pauwau">
Pauwau

Pauwau or Pau wau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9751228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751228" title="Georges Dimou">
Georges Dimou

Georges Dimou (; born 1931) is a Greek singer born in Thessaloniki. He studied dramatic and vocal art in Athens and from the beginning he was successful as actor and singer with international repertoire.
Golden Medal for Merits of the Federal Land Vienna.
Georges Dimou was awarded with the “Golden Medal for Merits of the Federal Land Vienna” on 15 January 2003 an order for his intensive efforts for international understanding.
Career.
He started as a singer in the Viennese "Splendid Bar" (Managed by Mr. Parker), Austria in 1958. Some years later Georges became the owner of the "Splendid Bar", he arranged the successful musical programme by himself. His regular guests were international stars like Ava Gardner, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Sophia Loren, Catherine Deneuve, Kirk Douglas, James Mason, Omar Sharif, Mel Ferrer, politicians, artists, aristocrats.
As an actor and musician he played in amusing films like "The crazy aunts", "The world is azure", "Red lips have to be kissed".
Since 1970, he has a Greek restaurant "Schwarze Katze – Black Cat" near the Theater an der Wien at the Naschmarkt with original Greek cuisine, a wide range of Greek wines and many regular guests who enjoy Greek music.
Ambassador of Music.
Georges Dimou became an “Ambassador of Music”.
Each year he engages top musicians, singers and dancers of Greece for a “Sirtaki – Tour” through Austria. Austrian people are really deeply in love with Greek music and so there were a lot of television-recordings such as e.g. “Sirtaki on the Danube”, “The Greeks in Graz” and live-recordings of his concerts. But he is not only engaging Greek musicians for Austria, he, too, has arranged a “Viennese Evening” in Thessaloniki. He organised a manifold programme which showed the plenty of music of Vienna with opera, operetta, Viennese melodies, popular music of violins, guitars and concertina and the famous musicals of “Vienna’s theatre”. Greek Television, which recorded the concert, has shown the “Viennese Evening” seven times.
The New CD.
The new CD of Georges “Sing´ ein Lied für die Welt” - “Sing a song for the world” was published in May 2005 by EMI Music Austria.
Music was composed by the Greek composers
German words were written by the celebrated text writer Hanneliese KREISSL – WURTH.
Georges sings in German and Greek language about love, emotion, children, summer and sea and of course about Greece.
article "Georges Dimou" from Dr. Ingrid Dimou

</doc>
<doc id="9751236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751236" title="James Chambers (Irish footballer)">
James Chambers (Irish footballer)

James Chambers (born 14 February 1987 in Dublin, is an Irish footballer, currently playing for St Patrick's Athletic in the League of Ireland.
Club career.
Shelbourne.
James Chambers played for Shelbourne since he was 11 years of age. He has also been capped for Ireland at every level from 15's right up to 23's. He started out with the schoolboy teams and made his breakthrough into the first team during the 2004 season, at the age of 17, including being part of the Shelbourne squad during their successful 2004 European campaign. He did not make his first official first team appearance for Shelbourne until 15 August 2005 when he made his League of Ireland debut coming on as a 2nd half substitute during a 1–0 defeat to Cork City at Turner's Cross. To aid James with his development and to gain valuable experience, he was loaned out to Waterford United for the 2006 season and instantly became a regular in their starting XI. On 24 February 2007, Chambers received a call up to the Republic of Ireland U21 squad by manager Don Givens.
Chambers returned to Shelbourne for the 2007 season but he was entering upon a very unfamiliar environment at the Tolka Park club. Shelbourne were now in financial meltdown and were uncertain over their participation for the 2007 season. After the club was demoted to the First Division, he made the decision to stay at Shels despite their demotion and keen interest in him from numerous Premier Division clubs. As only one of two first team players retained by Shelbourne for the 2007 season, Chambers' talents were now of great importance to Shelbourne and he has become one of the first names on the Shels teamsheet due to many impressive performances. He scored his first senior goal for Shelbourne with a delightful equaliser in a 1–1 draw with Monaghan United at Tolka Park on 13 April 2007.
Move to Britain.
Chambers departed Shelbourne after 10 years at the end of the 2008 season to move to Britain. He made a total of 73 league and cup appearances for Shelbourne scoring 8 times. He went on trial at Walsall but was ineligible to play matches so he joined Blue Square Conference North side Solihull Moors on 16 January 2009 to get game time.
Chambers' stay at Solihull Moors would be brief as he returned to Ireland in March 2009 to join Drogheda United.
Return to Ireland.
He made his competitive Drogheda debut on 13 March 2009 in 0–0 draw against Bray Wanderers at United Park. Chambers went on an amazing scoring streak in the 2009 season. He scored nine goals, including the all-important opener against Bray Wanderers in the relegation play-off, a match which finished 2–0 to Drogheda United. Following his impressive season at Drogheda United, Chambers joined Shamrock Rovers in November 2009. In his first season with 'The Hoops', Chambers scored an impressive 11 league goals and won his first League of Ireland winners medal after Shamrock Rovers won the 2010 Premier Division on the final night of the season.
Hamilton Academical.
He moved to Scottish Premier League team Hamilton Academical on 25 January 2011 [http://www.acciesfc.co.uk/]. Chambers showed spells of his League of Ireland form whilst playing in the SPL but Hamilton were relegated into the First Division but he left the club after a year.
St.Patrick's Athletic.
Chambers was signed by Liam Buckley for St Patrick's Athletic in January 2012. Chambers impressed the Pats fans with his superb passing and found himself playing in a midfield role that saw him be the key to his sides attacks beginning. He picked up the RTÉ man of the match award for his brilliant display including the assist for the opening goal by Christy Forrester against his old club and Dublin rivals Shamrock Rovers after the Saints ran riot and won 5–1 in a famous night. Chambers set up Christy Fagan's opener against U.C.D after an excellent slipped ball through the defence. Unfortunately Chambers' excellent form for Pats was interrupted for 2 months after he picked up an injury away to Sligo Rovers. Chambers returned from the bench against Bohemians in fine form and changes the game for Pats to win 2–1. Chambers played in all of the Saints games of their Europa League campaign, where they knocked out Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja from Iceland and NK Široki Brijeg from Bosnia and Herzegovina before being knocked out by German giants Hannover 96 in front of 25,000 people at the AWD-Arena.
Return to Rovers.
Chambers signed again for The Hoops in November 2012.
International career.
Chambers made his Republic of Ireland Under 21 debut at the Madeira tournament in Portugal in February 2007. He made 3 appearances for the Irish side in the tournament. In May 2010, Chambers made his Republic of Ireland Under 23 debut against England C in the 2009-11 International Challenge Trophy at the Waterford Regional Sports Centre.
Career statistics.
"Correct "
Competitions include UEFA Europa League and UEFA Champions League<br>
Competitions include Leinster Senior Cup, League of Ireland Promotion/Relegation Play-offs, Setanta Cup and Scottish Challenge Cup

</doc>
<doc id="9751313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751313" title="Maurice Collis">
Maurice Collis

Maurice Stewart Collis (10 January 1889 – 12 January 1973) was an administrator in Burma (Myanmar) when it was part of the British Empire, and afterwards a writer on Southeast Asia, China and other historical subjects.
Life.
He was born in Dublin, the son of an Irish solicitor, and went to Rugby School in 1903 and then in 1907 to the University of Oxford, where he studied history. He entered the Indian Civil Service in 1911 and was posted to Burma in 1912. He had postings at Sagaing and elsewhere. In 1917, the British army raised a Burmese brigade with which Collis went to Palestine, but he saw no action. In 1919, he went on leave and travelled in Europe. In the 1920s he was district commissioner in Arakan. In 1929-1930, a period when relations between Burmese, Indians and British became particularly difficult, he was district magistrate in Rangoon. This period is narrated in his memoir "Trials in Burma". He gives special attention to the political trial of J. M. Sen Gupta, mayor of Calcutta, for sedition in impromptu speeches made during a brief visit to Rangoon in 1930; also to two criminal trials which became politically charged because they brought to light underlying attitudes of British merchants and army officers to Burmese people. Collis's judgments were (according to his own analysis) too independent to be pleasing to the then British Government of Burma, arousing the particular disapproval of his superior, Booth Gravely, Commissioner of the Pegu Division. After giving judgment in the last of these trials Collis was hastily moved to the post of Excise Commissioner. After returning to England in 1934, he wrote many books, including "Siamese White" and "Foreign Mud", as well as art and literary criticism. At the age of 65 he turned his hand to painting.
His younger brothers were the writer John Stewart Collis and Robert Collis, a famous doctor and author.

</doc>
<doc id="9751330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751330" title="Prehormone">
Prehormone

A prehormone is a biochemical substance secreted by glandular tissue and has minimal or no significant biological activity, but it is converted in peripheral tissues into an active hormone. Calcifediol is an example of prehormones which is produced by hydroxylation of vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) in the liver.

</doc>
<doc id="9751346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751346" title="El Cantante">
El Cantante

El Cantante is a 2007 biographical film which stars singers Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez. The film is based on the life of the late salsa singer Héctor Lavoe, who is portrayed by Anthony. The film is told from the viewpoint of Puchi, Hector's wife, portrayed by Lopez. Initially debuting at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 12, 2006, "El cantante" was released on August 3, 2007.
Distributed by Picturehouse, the film runs for 106 minutes and is rated R for language, sexuality and drug use.
Plot.
Puchi (Jennifer Lopez) talks about her late husband, salsa legend Héctor Lavoe (Marc Anthony), during a 2002 interview, as she reminisces about memories from the 1960s and '70s after his arrival in New York City. She discusses their life together and his downfall, which was led by drugs, alcohol and depression. Scenes of their meeting and courtship are inter-cut with Héctor performing while Puchi stands on the side of the stage, dancing.
Héctor's collaborations with salsa musician Willie Colón (John Ortiz) and the Fania All Stars are shown, as well as his ventures as a solo artist. Notable events including the birth of their son, Héctor Jr, infidelities and their break-up. Puchi becomes fed up of his partying, cheating and drugs. Although she pushed him to get help and he did on occasion, she was unable to stop this addiction.
Release.
"El cantante", which has an MPAA rating of R, was first premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival which took place in September 2006. It was then released to over 542 cinemas on August 3, 2007. The film opened at No. 12 at the U.S. Box Office, grossing $3,202,035 during its opening weekend. It averaged around $6,000 per theater. The following week, it grossed $1,401,148 and fell to No. 16. It left the chart at No. 115 on the week of September 28, 2007, after grossing $1,465. "El cantante" grossed $7,556,712 domestically and $354,820 overseas, totaling $7.9 million.
Charlotte O'Sullivan of the "Evening Standard" said the "film did not go down well" at the Box Office, crediting its lack of commercial success to Lopez and Anthony "know nothing about salsa" and its "negative view of the Latino community by focusing on Lavoe’s drug use and death from Aids", which had sparked controversy. The film's DVD was released on October 30, 2007. It became a hit, ranking at No. 8 on the DVD/Home Rentals chart at Box Office Mojo, and had grossed $16.61 million in DVD sales as of December 23, 2007.
Critical reception.
Following its Toronto International Film Festival premiere, "El Cantante" earned mostly negative reviews from critics and currently holds a 25% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 106 reviews. 
Robert Koehler of "Variety" felt that the biopic, which contained "many standard-issue biopic montage sequences", was only "geared for the bigscreen, but the fairly bland visual design will make pic more than suitable to be seen on the tube". Koehler was critical of both performances, feeling that while Lopez brought "plenty of ferocity" to her character, there wasn't "shape" or "power" to her "wrath", and labeled Anthony "the dullest of movie drug addicts". 
A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" felt that Anthony as Lavoe was hidden behind "his high, delicate cheekbones and tinted glasses" but "Whenever Héctor takes the stage, however, Mr. Anthony unleashes his charisma, and shows that, whatever his limitations as an actor, he is a brilliant performer". Scott praised Lopez's performance, noting that it had "a lot of fight" with "a hard, skeptical edge" that made Puchi "a more interesting and plausible character than her husband". Ed Gonzalez of Slant Magazine gave the film and Anthony's performance a positive review, but was critical of Lopez, calling her performance "predictably self-conscious" but said her sequences "complements Puchi's own". Renee Schonfield of Common Sense Media gave "El cantante" a negative review, "brings the magic of salsa music to the screen; unfortunately, it also brings the audience another bleak story of a flameout singer bent on self-destruction".
Kevin Maher of "The Times" was negative, stating that the "soft-pedalled account of Lavoe's rise to fame and his drug-related downfall that has more in common with the biopic parody Walk Hard than anything as muddy as real life". Claudia Puig of "USA Today" said Anthony "gives a fine and impassioned performance" in a story that "relies on formula and clichés of the genre" which meant "we don't learn enough about what caused the Puerto Rican-born Lavoe's downward spiral into drug use, promiscuity and suicide attempts after he gained fame in New York City". Additionally, Puig criticized Lopez's airtime by stating "the film has far too much of her and not enough of Anthony". 
Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian", in a review based primarily on Lopez, panned her performance and said "There is something entirely dead about Lopez's performance. No matter how superficially lively she makes it, she is always simply mouthing the lines". On the other hand, Charlotte O'Sullivan of the "Evening Standard" praised Lopez and her character, "Lopez deserves praise for pushing this project. The recently deceased Puchi (who helped generate the script and pushed for Lopez to play her) is not the kind of character you see on screen every day. She has not been whitewashed and neither, thank goodness, has her husband".
Criticism.
The film was criticized, and accused of "usurping barrio culture and exploiting Lavoe's memory", with salsa singer Ismael Miranda condemning it for "focusing too much on the tragic artist's drug abuse, which eventually led to his death from AIDS complications". Other celebrities who criticized the film were singer Domingo Quiñónez, and vocalist Cheo Feliciano. Willie Colón, Lavoe's long time friend and musical partner, was critical of the film. Although he had been hired as a consultant for "El cantante", he was not pleased with the end result, stating:
"The creators of El Cantante missed an opportunity to do something of relevance for our community. The real story was about Hector fighting the obstacles of a nonsupportive industry that took advantage of entertainers with his charisma and talent. Instead they did another movie about two Puerto Rican junkies".
Additionally, Colón blamed Lopez and Anthony:
"It's difficult to comprehend how two individuals who are in the music business like Marc and Jennifer are not aware of the damage and the consequences of promoting only the negative side of our Latin music culture". And while the film was predominantly a love story, Colón also noted that in real life, he believed Puchi caused Lavoe's drug problems, but was canonized "so that Jennifer can play her". David L. Coddon of "U-T San Diego" said following the film's release, "Latino pop culture's highest-profile couple is taking heat from salsa purists who complain that the film, about salsa legend Hector Lavoe, is a distortion, even an exploitation", while also stating Lopez is "one of the most famous women in the world, and there's nothing her critics can do to change that". 
NPR's Felix Contreras weighed in on the criticism, pointing out that " any time you have a portrayal of an artist where they reflect a history of drug abuse or alcohol abuse" there would always be criticism, and "in this case, some folks are arguing that the film was focusing on that drug abuse, and not necessarily on what he generated or what he contributed to the music". When commenting on the film, Lopez felt her performance should have earned an Oscar nomination and blamed the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for overlooking both the film and her performance.

</doc>
<doc id="9751390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751390" title="Parnassius clodius">
Parnassius clodius

Parnassius clodius (Ménétries, 1835) is a high altitude butterfly which is found in the U.S. and Canada. It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
Description.
Note. The wing pattern in "Parnassius" species is inconsistent and the very many subspecies and forms make identification problematic and uncertain. Structural characters derived from the genitalia, wing venation, sphragis and foretibial epiphysis are more, but not entirely reliable. The description given here is a guide only.For an identification key see Ackery P.R. (1975
Ground-colour white, only in the female the short costal band placed outside the cell connected with the hindmarginal spot by an irregular dusty band, the glossy submarginal band of the forewing sharp but narrow, the male with small, the female with larger, crescent-shaped submarginal spots on the hindwing; on the latter the anal spot mostly centred with red.
Distribution.
Alaska, British Columbia, Washington State, Nevada, California

</doc>
<doc id="9751394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751394" title="Egnatia Odos (modern road)">
Egnatia Odos (modern road)

Egnatia Odos (, often translated as Via Egnatia, code: A2) is the Greek part of the European route E90. It is a motorway in Greece that extends from the western port of Igoumenitsa to the eastern Greek–Turkish border at Kipoi. It runs a total of . The project began in 1994 and was completed in 2009.
Geography.
The route traverses the mountainous Greek regions of Epirus and Macedonia, crossing the Pindos and Vermio mountain ranges, which have posed formidable engineering challenges. Its full length includes 76 tunnels (with a combined length of 99 km / 61.5 miles) and 1,650 bridges. It is a closed highway with sophisticated electronic surveillance measures, SCADA controls for the lighting/tunnel ventilation and advanced vehicle collision absorption measures.
Part of its length, a section of about from Evros to Thessaloniki, parallels the ancient Roman Via Egnatia, which ran from modern Durrës in Albania to Thessaloniki and thence to Byzantium (now Istanbul, Turkey). The project has therefore been dubbed a modern Via Egnatia (in Greek, Egnatia Odos / Εγνατία Οδός). However, the parallel is not exact; the original Via Egnatia was much longer (1,120 km / 696 miles) and its western section, from Thessaloniki to the Adriatic Sea, ran much further north than the modern road.
The project has raised concerns for the survival of nearby sites of ecological and archaeological significance. The construction of the Pindos stretch (i.e. from Grevena to Ioannina) was delayed due to environmental concerns about the destruction of the habitat of the endangered brown bear. However, a new routing was proposed in 2003, and now this part is complete as of April 2009.
In addition to the main highway, three perpendicular auxiliary highways are under construction connecting the highway to important cities, ports and airports of Macedonia.
The total cost of the project is estimated to be about 5.9 billion euros by the time of its completion in 2009, making it probably the most ambitious and expensive public project ever to have taken place in modern Greece. It is a key route in the trans-European road network and forms part of European route E90.
Exit list.
The exits of the completed sections of the A2 motorway:

</doc>
<doc id="9751402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751402" title="Anodonta">
Anodonta

Anodonta is a genus of medium-sized to large freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve molluscs in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Species.
Species in this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="9751410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751410" title="Alan Moore (disambiguation)">
Alan Moore (disambiguation)

Alan Moore (born 1953) is English writer, most famous for his work in comics.
Alan Moore may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9751411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751411" title="Boot Hill (film)">
Boot Hill (film)

Boot Hill () is a 1969 Italian Spaghetti Western film starring Terence Hill and Bud Spencer. This film is the last one in a trilogy that started with "God Forgives... I Don't!" (1967), followed by "Ace High" (1968). The film was rereleased as Trinity Rides Again in order to cash in on the success of "They Call Me Trinity" and "Trinity Is Still My Name", and is often mistakenly considered an official entry in the series.
Plot.
At night, Cat tries to ride out of a town and is ambushed by a large number of men. He is wounded, but manages to lure them away and hides in a wagon belonging to a circus company. Outside town the wagons are searched by men who are shot by Cat and the trapeze artist Thomas (who is a former gunfighter).
Cat leaves the company as soon as he can travel. The same night men arrive and search the wagons during the show and discover traces of him. To retaliate they shoot down Thomas’ partner Joe during their performance. Thomas finds Cat and nurses him back to health saying that he needs him as ”bait for my trap.” Cat takes him to Hutch, who lives in a house together with another big man, who is called Baby Doll and is a mute. Hutch receives Cat with hostility. Cat explains that Sharp, a friend of Hutch who is a prospector, needs help to stop mining boss Fisher from taking his claim, and that Cat had won the deed to the claim in a rigged poker game to be able to take it out of town (that is why he was attacked in the beginning). Hutch reluctantly agrees to come along, together with Baby Doll. They find the remnants of the circus with its manager Mami, refit it, and gather the artists.
At the mining town a county commissioner arrives to review the claims, but the miners are afraid to talk to him – except for the McGavin family, but they are besieged in their home and eventually destroyed with dynamite by the large outlaw band of Finch, who co-operates with Fisher. However, at night a message is delivered to the commissioner in his room by a dwarf (from the circus).
In the morning the circus arrives, and the commissioner convinces Fisher to invite everybody to the show.
At the circus show they perform pantomimes about the threat to the miners and the killing of the McGavins. The miners find guns under their seats, while Fisher’s men find feathers. There is a fight and Fisher’s men are killed. The four go out to face the might of the Finch gang in a nightly fight. They get help from the circus people (including dwarves and cancan dancers), and eventually the miners also join in and the gang is wiped out. Fisher shoots Mami in the back. Cat appears and says it will render Fisher the gallows unless he wants to try his luck with the gun. Fisher lays it down and Mami says that makes him the real clown.
At the end Cat and Hutch ride away together, while Baby Doll, who have started talking, stays with one of the cancan dancers at the circus.
Reception.
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund writes that all the Colizzi westerns present clever variations on several different kinds of partnerships encountered in other films inspired by For a Few Dollars More. Also, the pervading protagonists Cat and Hutch are differentiated by a set of physical and personal characteristics that reappear in the even more commercially successful They Call Me Trinity and Trinity Is Still My Name.
Releases.
Wild East Productions released the 92-minute International Version on an out-of-print limited edition DVD in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9751421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751421" title="History of Hereford United F.C.">
History of Hereford United F.C.

The History of Hereford United Football Club covers the years from the club's formation in 1924 to the present day. For an overview of the club itself, see Hereford United F.C..
1924–1945.
Before the formation of Hereford United there were four leading amateur clubs in Hereford and it was believed that a higher class of football could be sustained if they were to amalgamate. After a meeting in the city, both Hereford City F.C. and Hereford Thistle F.C. decided to remain independent while St Martins and RAOC (Rotherwas) decided to merge, and thus Hereford United was formed in 1924 with Dr E.W. Maples as chairman.
The new club joined the Birmingham Combination league and began playing their home matches at the local athletics ground on Edgar Street, where Hereford City also played their matches. The first competitive match was against Atherstone United in August 1924 which ended in a 2-3 defeat. The following week Hereford travelled to Kidderminster Harriers for an FA Cup Extra Preliminary Round, losing 2-7.
Hereford spent four seasons in the Birmingham Combination League, with a best finish of 4th. The club was well-supported with gates of over 2,000 for the big matches. One of the most notable players of the early years was Viv Gregory who was a prolific goalscorer, scoring 60 goals in one season. Indeed Hereford managed to score over 100 goals in the 1926-27 and 1927-28 seasons. Hereford were elected to the Birmingham League for the 1928-29 season by virtue of their impressive league performances and reaching the final of the Birmingham Senior Cup. They finished 11th in their first season and had a record attendance of 5,000 for their second successive cup final match, a record which stood for eighteen years. Hereford's average league finishing position was 8th in the first half of the 1930s. A highlight was reaching the FA Cup First Round for the first time in 1932-33, losing 1-2 to Accrington Stanley. By 1938-39 the standard of the Birmingham League had dropped with only 11 teams participating, and attendances at Edgar Street had also dropped. A public meeting was called and it was decided that the club would apply to join the Southern League, an application which was accepted. Subsequently the club became a limited company.
1945–1966.
Hereford’s first season in the Southern League (1945–46) saw them finish second to Chelmsford City, a team who had been controversially awarded points for unplayed matches. Second place was again achieved in 1950-51 behind Merthyr Tydfil. In 1958-59 the Southern League was split into two sections: North-West and South-East. The winners of each section would contest a play-off to decide the winner of the league. Hereford won the North-West section but were beaten by Bedford Town in the play-off. A minor blip in 1964-65 saw the club relegated but this was quickly rectified with promotion the following season. Hereford's exploits in the FA Cup were steady performances to the First Round on several occasions before they reached the Second Round for the first time in 1948-49, losing 2-1 to Exeter. In fact Hereford managed to reach the Second Round six times in nine seasons. 1958-59 saw them reach the Third Round for the first time, quite an achievement for a Southern League club. In the Second Round they had defeated QPR 6-1 which was a record win by a non-league club over a league club at the time. Hereford played Sheffield Wednesday at Edgar Street in front of a record crowd of 18,114 but lost 3-0. This is still the highest attendance ever for the club. Hereford did not reach the Third Round again until 1965-66 where they were defeated 2-1 by Bedford Town.
1966–1986.
Hereford finally won election to the Football League in 1971-72, after finishing second in the league, largely thanks to their excellent FA Cup run. The club’s most famous cup run came in the 1971-72 season when they played ten FA Cup matches, of which five were replays. In the Second Round it took Hereford two replays to defeat Northampton but the team waiting for them in the Third Round was none other than Newcastle of the First Division. Newcastle were held 2-2 at St James' Park before the replay at Edgar Street, which was covered by the BBC. Newcastle scored after 82 minutes through Malcolm Macdonald but then Ronnie Radford scored an 30-yard screamer at the Meadow End to make it 1-1, prompting a pitch invasion. Hereford had brought on Ricky George just minutes before, and it was George who scored the winner in extra time. Hereford had reached the Fourth Round for the first time in their history and their next opponents would be again First Division standard in the form of West Ham United. After a 0-0 draw at Edgar Street, the Bulls were finally knocked out of the FA Cup in the replay at Upton Park, losing 3-1 thanks to a Geoff Hurst hat-trick. Radford’s goal subsequently became one of the most famous and televised goals ever and, coupled with the commentary of John Motson, it was voted Goal of the Season. In 2002, it ranked 97th in Channel 4's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments. Until recently the goal was featured in the opening credits for Match of the Day and the feat is always referred to by commentators and pundits when the FA Cup comes round each year. In their first season in the Football League Hereford finished runners-up to Southport in the Fourth Division and were promoted to the Third Division. The next two seasons saw Hereford finish eighteenth and twelfth before taking the Third Division title in 1975-76 – the club’s greatest honour. However the following season saw Hereford finish bottom of the Second Division and they were relegated.
The club were again relegated from the Third Division the following season and so were back in the Fourth Division for the 1978-79 season. Hereford were to remain in this division for the next nineteen seasons. The club generally finished the seasons in minor positions (including seventeenth for five consecutive seasons) and even had to apply for re-election to the League in 1979-80, 1980–81 and 1982-83. 1984-85 was a better season for Hereford when they finished 5th.
1986–2006.
Decline and relegation.
The 1989-90 season again saw a mediocre performance in the league, with the club again finishing 17th. They were more successful in the Cup competitions, particularly the Welsh Cup which became the club's first major silverware for 14 years. They scored nine goals past Connah's Quay Nomads in Round 3, where Paul Burton became the youngest Hereford player to score a hat-trick, at the age of 16. After wins over Kidderminster Harriers and Bangor City, they beat rivals Cardiff City 3-0 at Ninian Park in the first leg of the semi-final, before holding on in the return at Edgar Street to reach the final for the first time since 1981. On 13 May 1990 they met Wrexham at Cardiff Arms Park and won 2-1, thanks to an 84th minute winner from Ian Benbow.
In the FA Cup, Hereford reached the Fourth Round for the first time in eight years, after a memorable victory over Walsall. With three minutes left on the clock, Hereford were 1-0 down but a penalty drew them level, then long-serving player Mel Pejic scored the winner in the 89th minute. The reward was a home tie against Manchester United, who were then 15th in the First Division. In front of the last five figure crowd at Edgar Street to date, Hereford were defeated by a Clayton Blackmore 84th minute winner. This relieved the pressure of dismissal that manager Alex Ferguson was reported to be under at the time, and the Red Devils went on to win the Cup that season.
The early part of the 1990s saw little progress in terms of the club's Football League position, with seventeenth position being attained on no less than five consecutive occasions, under five different managers. Indeed both Colin Addison and John Sillett were brought back for a season each in an attempt to revive the club, with little success. However the club managed to hit form under Graham Turner, who joined at the beginning of the 1995-96 season. In early 1996 the club mounted a challenge for promotion when they went from nineteenth position to sixth position in two months, securing an unlikely play-off place. However they were unable to sustain this form in the play-offs, losing over two legs to Darlington. The season was also notable for the fact that Steve White, with 29 goals, was the highest league goalscorer in the top four divisions of English football thus emulating Dixie McNeil who achieved the same feat twenty years previously.
The season that followed, 1996-97, saw a complete reverse in the club's fortunes. With debts mounting and the club having made a loss of over £300,000, Turner was forced to sell key players such as White and Richard Wilkins. A terrible run of form when the club went three months without a win meant they were sucked into the relegation dogfight. Brighton & Hove Albion, with their own well documented troubles, had seemed destined for relegation for much of the season. But they climbed above Hereford on the penultimate day of the season, leaving the Bulls 24th and bottom of the entire Football League. Both teams were level on points, and Hereford had a better goal difference, but the goals scored rule was in effect and Brighton had scored more goals. On 3 May 1997 the two clubs met in a relegation decider at Edgar Street, which was the subject of considerable media interest as one club would relegate the other. Hereford needed a win to survive while Brighton only required a draw thanks to their having scored more goals. A capacity crowd saw Hereford take the lead in the first half through an own goal by Kerry Mayo from Tony Agana's cross. Brighton equalised in the second half against the run of play through Robbie Reinelt, who snapped up the rebound after a shot crashed against the post. In the last minute Hereford had a chance to save themselves but leading scorer Adrian Foster shot weakly at the goalkeeper when one-on-one. The final whistle blew and Hereford were relegated after 25 years in the Football League. Graham Turner subsequently resigned as manager but withdrew his resignation after strong support from the board and supporters. The general belief around the club at the time was that the club were merely 'on loan' to the Conference, but it would prove to be a long road back.
Financial crisis in the Conference.
By May 1997 the club had severe financial problems with debts of over £1 million, and a sizeable list of creditors. Chairman Peter Hill and the board secured two loans of £500,000 from a developing company to pay off some but not all of the creditors. As part of the arrangement control of the two leases on the Edgar Street stadium was also passed to the developers. By November 1997 matters off the field overshadowed the team's performances with the club in crisis with running costs mounting up and wages unpaid. Eventually a Company Voluntary Agreement was proposed to avoid the club being wound up by creditors, including the Inland Revenue to whom over £140,000 was owed alone. When Hill walked away from the club at the end of the 1997-98 season, Graham Turner bought the majority shareholding and took on the burden of the debt, along with Joan Fennessy. Had he not bought the shares it is likely the club would have gone under as nobody else came forward to take control of the club. On the pitch Hereford could only finish sixth in their first Conference season with the highlights being double wins over rivals Kidderminster Harriers and Cheltenham Town. Most notably a run to the FA Cup Third Round saw a memorable triumph over Brighton at Edgar Street which was featured on Match of the Day.
The terms of the CVA prevented Graham Turner from purchasing any players, and the dire financial situation meant any reasonable offers for players had to be accepted. A prime example was Neil Grayson, top scorer with 16 goals in that first Conference season, who was sold to Cheltenham in March 1998 after only seven months at the club. Grayson was also the last player to have been purchased for a fee by Hereford as he had arrived before the CVA came into effect. Another notable sale was that of Gavin Mahon who was sold to Brentford midway through the following season. Mahon had been an ever-present in the side and his transfer eventually earned £130,000 for the club.
The club relied heavily on decent runs in the cup competitions during these bleak financial seasons, and in 1999-00 they progressed to the FA Cup Third Round again. Having disposed of Burgess Hill, York City and Hartlepool United, they drew then Premiership side Leicester City at Edgar Street, which was again a feature match on Match of the Day. Leicester fielded their first team which featured the likes of Tim Flowers, Emile Heskey and Robbie Savage against a Hereford side that featured part-time goalkeeper Mark Jones (a farmer), midfielder John Snape (an electrician) and striker Rob Elmes (a teacher). Hereford forced a replay after a 0-0 draw although they came close to winning after Paul Parry, who had come through the youth system at Hereford, shot against the post with Flowers beaten. In the replay at Filbert Street Hereford took a shock lead in the first half through Paul Fewings. Leicester recovered to equalise through Matt Elliott and the match went into extra time. Leicester then went a man down after an injury to Andy Impey but Hereford had tired and could not capitalise on their advantage. In the second half of extra time Leicester scored the winning goal through Muzzy Izzet but Hereford again came close to forcing penalties when Gavin Williams nearly converted Ian Wright's header.
A run to the semi-final of the FA Trophy in 2000-01 also helped the finances. At the start of the 2001-02 season Hereford's future looked bleak, with debts of over £1.2 million owed to developers who also held the lease on Edgar Street. It seemed as though the only option to repay the debt was the redevelopment of Edgar Street and at the time, it looked as if the club would have to relocate. After a humiliating 4-1 defeat to Hayes, Graham Turner stepped down as manager to concentrate on more pressing financial issues. Player-coach Phil Robinson assumed managerial responsibilities and Hereford managed to have another run in the FA Cup. In the Fourth Qualifying Round Hereford were drawn away at Dover and came away with a 1-0 win, Gavin Williams scoring the priceless goal. The First Round match at home to Wrexham was televised live on the BBC and the money earned from this fixture kept the club alive. Graham Turner has said that had Hereford not beaten Dover, they would probably have not made it into 2002. Hereford eventually finished seventeenth in the Conference after briefly being drawn into the relegation dogfight, Phil Robinson scoring the goal that guaranteed safety in the 1-0 win over Dagenham.
The journey back to the Football League.
Major changes were made for the 2002-03 season as only six players were retained. With the chance to completely rebuild the squad and the prospect of two promotion places to the League, Graham Turner decided to remain at the club despite handing in his resignation to the board along with company secretary Joan Fennessy. The team he assembled showed great promise, finishing sixth just outside the play-offs.
An excellent start was made to the 2003-04 season with the club heading the table in the first part of the season, before three costly defeats and the distraction of cup competitions eroded the advantage. Chester City took up the lead in the table which they would lose only briefly on their way to the Conference title, which they claimed in their penultimate match. Both clubs had a faultless run-in to the end of the season, with Hereford winning 11 straight matches; the first being a 9-0 televised away win at Dagenham & Redbridge, and the eleventh coming against Chester on the final day of the season in front of Hereford's largest Conference home attendance. It was Hereford's best season statistically in the Conference, but key home defeats to Leigh RMI, Woking, Tamworth and Burton had proved very costly indeed with Hereford finishing just one point behind Chester with 91 points, 28 wins, 103 goals and a goal difference of 59. This counted for little in the play-offs where Hereford were eliminated by Aldershot Town on penalties in the semi-finals, playing with ten men for 100 minutes of the match after a controversial red card for Andrew Tretton.
2004-05 again ended in failure in the play-offs with the club having lost striker Steve Guinan, midfielder Ben Smith, full back Michael Rose and goalkeeper Matt Baker to Football League clubs. This time it was Stevenage Borough who disposed of the Conference runners-up although Hereford only moved into 2nd position on the final day of the season, eventually finishing on 74 points while Barnet were running away with the Conference title. The club did enjoy extended runs in the Football League Trophy and FA Trophy competitions. Another positive was the settling of the CVA in September 2004, the club finally turning the corner financially.
The 2005-06 season saw Hereford finally secure promotion via the play-offs after a third consecutive 2nd place, despite an indifferent first half of the season averaging seventh position. The turning point was the introduction of local teenager Andy Williams which led to a 16 match unbeaten run in the league. Indeed from the start of December to the end of the season, Hereford were only beaten once in the league. Notable comebacks in the league against Grays Athletic and champions Accrington Stanley helped preserve the best defensive record in the Conference, with six defeats and just 33 league goals conceded all season. The play-off campaign started identically to the previous two seasons with Hereford drawing 1-1 away, this time to Morecambe. In the home leg the match went into extra time with the scores level at 2-2, after three goals in the opening twelve minutes. Guy Ipoua scored the winner in the 107th minute sparking a pitch invasion, and setting up a showdown against Halifax Town in the final at Walker's Stadium, Leicester. Approximately 10,000 of the 15,499 attendance were Hereford supporters who saw their team win promotion after a 3-2 win. Halifax took the lead twice in normal time only to be pegged back twice; by Williams' diving header in the first half and substitute Ipoua, with ten minutes to go to force extra time. The winner came in the 109th minute from full back Ryan Green, and sealed Hereford's return to the Football League after nine years of Conference football.
2006-–.
Hereford's first season back in the Football League saw them beat five of the top eight finishing clubs, as well as higher graded opposition in the cup competitions. The surprise result of the season was a 4-1 win at Lincoln City with Steve Guinan, back on loan, scoring a hat-trick. This lifted the Bulls to 9th in League Two but their remaining thirteen fixtures saw them collect just seven more points, which meant they eventually finished in 16th position.
This late season poor form meant that the bookmakers tipped the Bulls to be favourites for relegation in 2007-08. However from November onwards the Bulls were rarely out of the top 4 in League Two, with their squad bolstered by a number of successful loan signings. In particular the signing of Gary Hooper, who scored 11 goals in 19 matches, proved the catalyst to an eventual third place finish and automatic promotion. A run to the Fourth Round of the FA Cup equalled the club's best performance in that competition, losing 2-1 to eventual finalists Cardiff City in front of a capacity crowd at Edgar Street. The success of the season was underlined by the news, announced in March 2009, that the club had made a profit of over £400,000.
Hereford's 2008-09 season saw them playing in the third tier of English football for the first time in 30 years. With only one player signed for a transfer fee, Graham Turner again relied heavily on the loan market; attracting players such as Bruno N'Gotty and Matt Murray, as well as youngsters from both Manchester United and Liverpool. The season saw them struggle to compete against better funded and supported clubs; by mid-October they were bottom with only six points. Patches of good form in mid-seasons saw them threaten to escape the relegation zone, but five consecutive defeats in March have made survival increasingly difficult. In the 2011-12 season, Hereford were relegated from League Two on the last day of the season.
Back to the Conference.
Hereford will play in the Conference National in the 2012-13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9751434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751434" title="John Ballesty">
John Ballesty

John Patrick Ballesty (born 20 May 1945) in Strathfield, New South Wales is an Australian former national representative rugby union player who also played first-grade rugby league with the Eastern Suburbs club.
Rugby union.
Ballesty was Eastwood's first Wallaby test player and the third Australian national representative to come from the Eastwood Rugby Club when he debuted against the All Blacks in Sydney in June 1968. That same year he kicked the match winning field goal in a Test match against the France. He played in 9 tests between 1968 and 1969 for the Wallabies at fly-half before switching codes. He captained Australia in three minor matches in 1969.
Rugby league.
In 1970 Ballesty joined the Eastern Suburbs club alongside former Wallaby team mates John Brass and Alan Cardy. In 1972 he was a try-scorer in the Roosters side that lost to Manly Warringah in that year's Grand final and he received the Player of the Year award from Australian rugby league's major publication, "Rugby League Week". While at Easts he trained in club management before leaving to play for the Queanbeyan Blues under his Roosters coach Don Furner at the end of the 1973 season.
After football.
Ballesty returned to the Eastwood Rugby Union Club in 1980 where he held the role of Secretary-Manager for two years before joining the Canterbury Bankstown Leagues Club in 1982 as General Manager. He remains General Manager at Canterbury Leagues currently, it is financially Australia's largest single licensed club. He is married with 4 children, Martin, Brendan, Scott and Kate.

</doc>
<doc id="9751443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751443" title="Semaxanib">
Semaxanib

Semaxanib (SU5416) is a tyrosine-kinase inhibitor drug designed by SUGEN as a cancer therapeutic. It is an experimental stage drug, not licensed for use on human patients outside of clinical trials.
Semaxanib is a potent and selective synthetic inhibitor of the Flk-1/KDR vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor tyrosine kinase. It targets the VEGF pathway, and both "in vivo" and "in vitro" studies have demonstrated antiangiogenic potential.
On February 2002, Pharmacia, the then parent of Sugen, prematurely ended Phase III clinical trials of Semaxinib in the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer due to discouraging results. Other studies, at earlier phases, have since been conducted. However, due to the prospect of next-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors and the ineffaciousness of semaxanib in clinic trials, further development of the drug has been discontinued. A related compound, SU11248 was further developed by Sugen, and then by Pfizer and was FDA-approved as Sunitinib (Sutent) for treatment of renal carcinoma in January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9751461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751461" title="Ahmed Haroun">
Ahmed Haroun

Ahmed Mohammed Haroun (or Ahmad Harun أحمد هارون) (born 1964) is one of three Sudanese men wanted by the International Criminal Court (ICC) for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. Despite international pressure on the government of Sudan to surrender him to the ICC, Haroun served as Sudan's Minister of State for Humanitarian Affairs until May 2009 when he was appointed to the governorship of South Kordofan. In September 2007, he was appointed to lead an investigation into human rights violations in Darfur.
Early life and education.
Born in 1964, Haroun is from the state of North Kordofan. He comes from the Beja Arab tribe in western Sudan. He trained as a lawyer.
Career and allegations.
At one time Haroun was Sudan's youngest minister of state. He also accused in participating in mobilizing and training of tribal fighters to attack civilians during the counterinsurgency in South Sudan. He also participated in the mobilization of the Murahileen militia and the conduct of military operations in Kordofan during the 1990s.
During the time Haroun served as the minister of state for interior affairs, from April 2003 to September 2005, he also managed the Darfur Security Desk, which coordinated different government bodies involved in the counterinsurgency campaign in Darfur, such as the police, the Janjaweed, the Armed Forces, and the Intelligence Service. This department also managed access of NGOs and the media to Darfur. From 2006 to 2009, he was the minister of state for humanitarian affairs.
Alleged criminal activity in Darfur.
Haroun allegedly recruited, funded and armed the Janjaweed militia, and incited attacks against civilian populations.
Forces under his command have been accused on targeting the towns of Kodoom, Bindisi, Mukjar, Arawala and surrounding areas during 2003 and 2004, even though these towns were apparently devoid of rebel presence and the civilian population was not taking part in hostilities. According to BBC News, Haroun ordered the militia to kill, rape, and torture civilians. Haroun has denied the accusations, and was quoted as saying the violence "never happened in the first place." After his speech, the Janjaweed militia, under the command of Ali Kushayb, looted the towns between Bindisi and Mukjar, and terrorized civilians.
Haroun supposedly declared in one of his meetings that as the head of security he had the authority to eliminate or pardon anyone in order to maintain peace and safety.
In August 2003, Haroun was further accused of the forcible transfer of about 20,000 civilians, primarily Fur people, from the Kodoom villages and surrounding areas. News reports also allege that Haroun and fellow Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb forced the displacement of 34,000 civilians in March 2008 from their homes.
The ICC warrants and their aftermath.
On April 27, 2007, the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Ahmad Muhammad Harun, charging him with 20 counts of crimes against humanity and 22 counts of war crimes. He is accused of recruiting, funding and arming the Janjaweed militia. The Janjaweed attacked civilians and pillaged towns and villages during counterinsurgency attacks.
From April 2003 until September 2005, Harun was Minister of State as well as head of the “Darfur Security Desk," and from 2006 to 2009, he served as the Minister of State for Humanitarian Affairs. Currently, he is the governor of South Kordofan, which borders South Sudan, where a brutal counterinsurgency campaign is raging, most severely in the Nuba mountains.
Despite international calls for his arrest, Haroun continued to serve as minister of state for humanitarian affairs (which is a post below the full ministerial level). In this role, Haroun oversaw Darfur's two million internally displaced persons. Aid agencies have accused him of hindering their efforts to bring relief to the displaced.
In September 2007, the Sudanese government announced that Haroun would lead an investigation into human rights abuses in Darfur. It also appointed Haroun to be a member of its committee overseeing the United Nations African Union Mission in Darfur (UNAMID), thus influencing the deployment of peacekeepers in Darfur.
As a result of the escalating crisis in the state of Abyei in the first week of 2011, the UN decided to fly Haroun to the province. He was seen as the only suitable mediator at the time. The ICC is not a part of the UN, but the UN promised to cooperate with the ICC, and the action made by the UN - although pragmatic - proved controversial.
Governor of South Kordofan.
In June 2011, Haroun defeated Abdelaziz al-Hilu of the SPLA to become the governor of South Kordofan in an election rejected by the SPLA as rigged.

</doc>
<doc id="9751464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751464" title="Duck mussel">
Duck mussel

The duck mussel, scientific name "Anodonta anatina", is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Description.
See Animalbase below (external link).
Distribution.
Its native distribution is European-Siberian.

</doc>
<doc id="9751485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751485" title="Refinement monoid">
Refinement monoid

In mathematics, a refinement monoid is a commutative monoid "M" such that for any elements "a0", "a1", "b0", "b1" of "M" such that "a0+a1=b0+b1", there are elements "c00", "c01", "c10", "c11" of "M" such that "a0=c00+c01", "a1=c10+c11", "b0=c00+c10", and "b1=c01+c11".
A commutative monoid "M" is "conical", if "x+y=0" implies that "x=y=0", for any elements "x,y" of "M".
Basic examples.
A join-semilattice with zero is a refinement monoid if and only if it is distributive.
Any abelian group is a refinement monoid.
The positive cone "G+" of a partially ordered abelian group "G" is a refinement monoid if and only if "G" is an "interpolation group", the latter meaning that for any elements "a0", "a1", "b0", "b1" of "G" such that "ai ≤ bj" for all "i, j<2", there exists an element "x" of "G" such that "ai ≤ x ≤ bj" for all "i, j<2". This holds, for example, in case "G" is lattice-ordered.
The "isomorphism type" of a Boolean algebra "B" is the class of all Boolean algebras isomorphic to "B". (If we want this to be a set, restrict to Boolean algebras of set-theoretical rank below the one of "B".)
The class of isomorphism types of Boolean algebras, endowed with the addition defined by
formula_1 (for any Boolean algebras "X" and "Y", where formula_2 denotes the isomorphism type of "X"), is a conical refinement monoid.
Vaught measures on Boolean algebras.
For a Boolean algebra "A" and a commutative monoid "M", a map "μ" : "A" → "M" is a "measure", if "μ(a)=0" if and only if "a=0", and "μ(a ∨ b)=μ(a)+μ(b)" whenever "a" and "b" are disjoint (that is, "a ∧ b=0"), for any "a, b" in "A". We say in addition that "μ" is a "Vaught measure" (after Robert Lawson Vaught), or "V-measure", if for all "c" in "A" and all "x,y" in "M" such that "μ(c)=x+y", there are disjoint "a, b" in "A" such that "c=a ∨ b", "μ(a)=x", and "μ(b)=y".
An element "e" in a commutative monoid "M" is "measurable" (with respect to "M"), if there are a Boolean algebra "A" and a V-measure "μ" : "A" → "M" such that "μ(1)=e"---we say that "μ" "measures" "e". We say that "M" is "measurable", if any element of "M" is measurable (with respect to "M"). Of course, every measurable monoid is a conical refinement monoid.
Hans Dobbertin proved in 1983 that any conical refinement monoid with at most ℵ1 elements is measurable. He also proved that any element in an at most countable conical refinement monoid is measured by a unique (up to isomorphism) V-measure on a unique at most countable Boolean algebra.
He raised there the problem whether any conical refinement monoid is measurable. This was answered in the negative by Friedrich Wehrung in 1998. The counterexamples can have any cardinality greater than or equal to ℵ2.
Nonstable K-theory of von Neumann regular rings.
For a ring (with unit) "R", denote by FP("R") the class of finitely generated projective right "R"-modules. Equivalently, the objects of FP("R") are the direct summands of all modules of the form "Rn", with "n" a positive integer, viewed as a right module over itself. Denote by formula_3, is a conical commutative monoid. In addition, if "R" is von Neumann regular, then "V(R)" is a refinement monoid. It has the order-unit formula_2. We say that "V(R)" encodes the "nonstable K-theory of R".
For example, if "R" is a division ring, then the members of FP("R") are exactly the finite-dimensional right vector spaces over "R", and two vector spaces are isomorphic if and only if they have the same dimension. Hence "V(R)" is isomorphic to the monoid formula_5 of all natural numbers, endowed with its usual addition.
A slightly more complicated example can be obtained as follows. A "matricial algebra" over a field "F" is a finite product of rings of the form formula_6=ring of all square matrices with "n" rows and entries in "F", for variable positive integers "n". A direct limit of matricial algebras over "F" is a "locally matricial algebra over F". Every locally matricial algebra is von Neumann regular. For any locally matricial algebra "R", "V(R)" is the positive cone of a so-called "dimension group". By definition, a dimension group is a partially ordered abelian group whose underlying order is directed, whose positive cone is a refinement monoid, and which is "unperforated", the letter meaning that "mx≥0" implies that "x≥0", for any element "x" of "G" and any positive integer "m". Any "simplicial" group, that is, a partially ordered abelian group of the form formula_7, is a dimension group. Effros, Handelman, and Shen proved in 1980 that dimension groups are exactly the direct limits of simplicial groups, where the transition maps are positive homomorphisms. This result had already been proved in 1976, in a slightly different form, by P.A. Grillet. Elliott proved in 1976 that the positive cone of any countable direct limit of simplicial groups is isomorphic to "V(R)", for some locally matricial ring "R". Finally, Goodearl and Handelman proved in 1986 that the positive cone of any dimension group with at most ℵ1 elements is isomorphic to "V(R)", for some locally matricial ring "R" (over any given field).
Wehrung proved in 1998 that there are dimension groups with order-unit whose positive cone cannot be represented as "V(R)", for a von Neumann regular ring "R". The given examples can have any cardinality greater than or equal to ℵ2. Whether any conical refinement monoid with at most ℵ1 (or even ℵ0) elements can be represented as "V(R)" for "R" von Neumann regular is an open problem.

</doc>
<doc id="9751508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751508" title="Terrorism in Indonesia">
Terrorism in Indonesia

Terrorism in Indonesia refer to acts of terrorism that take place within Indonesia or attacks on Indonesian people or interests abroad. These acts of terrorism often target the government of the Republic of Indonesia or foreigners in Indonesia, most notably Western visitors, especially those from the United States and Australia.
Suspects.
Traditionally the militias that politically opposed to Indonesian government interest were held responsible for series of terrorism attack in Indonesia. Separatist movements operating in Indonesia, such as the Darul Islam (Indonesia), Fretilin (East Timorese independence militia during Indonesian occupation of East Timor), Gerakan Aceh Merdeka, and Organisasi Papua Merdeka are often held responsible on terrorist attacks, such as bombings and shootings, in Indonesia. Recent terrorism in Indonesia can in part be attributed to the al-Qaeda-affiliated Jemaah Islamiyah Islamist terror group. 
Since 2003, a number of 'western targets' have been attacked. Victims have included both foreign—mainly Western tourists—as well as Indonesian civilians. Terrorism in Indonesia intensified in 2000 with the Jakarta Stock Exchange bombing, followed by four more large attacks. The deadliest killed 202 people (including 164 international tourists) in the Bali resort town of Kuta in 2002. The attacks, and subsequent travel warnings issued by other countries, severely damaged Indonesia's tourism industry and foreign investment prospects. However, after the capture and killing of most of its key members and leaders, most notably Imam Samudra, Amrozi, Abu Dujana, Azahari Husin, and the latest one, Noordin Top, the terrorist cells in Indonesia are more and more insignificant.
Since 2011, the terrorist attack seems to be shifted, from targeting foreign Western interest and residents to attacking Indonesian police officers. Indonesian Police has been successfully cracking down terrorist cells in Indonesia, and as retaliation a new terrorist cell, identified as "Cirebon Cell" began targeting police officers. On 15 April 2011 a suicide bomber detonated an explosive device in a mosque in a police compound in the city of Cirebon, in West Java, during Friday prayer. The bomber was killed and at least 28 people were injured. The same cell also suspected to be involved in two more attacks in Solo, a church suicide bomb on 25 September 2011, and shooting targeting police on 17 August 2012. However these attacks were not as well-prepared and high scaled as previous attacks organized by terrorist group JI.
Although the terrorist attacks seems to be reduced in both amount and scale, some terrorist hotspots such as Poso, Central Sulawesi, remains as terrorist battleground. Poso was previously marred by religious violences between Muslims and Christian in the area. On 16 October 2012, Police discovered two corpses of murdered police that has been missing since three days earlier in Tamanjeka village, Poso Regency, Central Sulawesi. The victims were missing during investigation mission on suspected terorist's training ground in a forest at Poso Regency.
Similar attacks targeting Indonesian authorities, especially police officers, were also occurred in Papua, however these ones are not linked with Islamist terrorist cells, but with Papuan separatist movement instead. On 8 April 2012, Trigana Air PK-YRF airplane were shot by unidentified gunmen during landing approach on Mulia airstrip, Puncak Jaya, Papua on 08.21 AM. A Papua Pos journalist, Kogoya (35), were killed in this shooting. On 27 November 2012, three policemen stationed in remote Pirime police post, Jayawijaya, Papua, were killed in an attack by a group of unidentified men. Police suspected the Papua separatist movement were behind the attack.
Political and community responses.
Conspiracy theories similar to those around the September 11 attacks appeared in the Indonesian media blaming the Bali bombings on a Western-Jewish-Chinese-Masonic plot to discredit Islam. Used to a culture of rumour and violence under the "New Order", many Indonesians considered such theories credible. Subsequent bombings in the centre of Jakarta, in which all but one victim were ordinary Indonesians, shocked the public and brought swift responses from the Indonesian security forces. Even the most reluctant politicians had to admit that the evidence was against a small group of Islamist agitators. The Jakarta bombings and legal prosecutions helped shift public opinion away from the use of extremist Islamic political violence, but also increased the influence of intelligence bodies, the police and military whose strength had diminished since 1998.
Political factors clouded Indonesian responses to the "War on Terror"; politicians were at pains not to be seen to be bowing to US and Australian opinion, and the term "Jemaah Islamiyah" is controversial in Indonesia as it means "Islamic community/congregation", and was also the subject of previous "New Order" manipulation of the term.
Effects.
The attacks, and subsequent travel warnings issued by other countries including the United States and Australia, severely damaged Indonesia's tourism industry and foreign investment prospects. Bali's economy was particularly hard hit, as were tourism based businesses in other parts of Indonesia. In May 2008, the United States government decided to lift its warning. In 2006, 227,000 Australians visited Indonesia and in 2007 this rose to 314,000.
Counter terrorism.
Detachment 88 is the Indonesian counter-terrorism squad, and part of the Indonesian National Police. Formed after the 2002 Bali bombing, the unit has had considerable success against the jihadi terrorist cells linked to Central Java-based Islamist movement Jemaah Islamiah.
Within the next three months after the 2002 Bali bombing, various militants, including the attack's mastermind Imam Samudra, the notorious 'smiling-bomber' Amrozi, and many others were apprehended. Samudra, Amrozi, and Amrozi's brother Ali Ghufron were executed by firing squad on November 9, 2008.
On November 10, 2005, bomb expert and senior player in Jemaah Islamiah, Malaysian Dr Azahari Husin, along with two other militants were killed in a raid of a house in Malang, East Java.
The police forces uncovered JI's new command structure in March 2007 and discovered a weapons depot in Java in May 2007. Abu Dujana, suspected leader of JI's military wing and its possible emir, was apprehended on June 9, 2007.
As of May 2008, Indonesian police have arrested 418 suspects, of which approximately 250 have been tried and convicted. According to sources within Detachment 88, the JI organisation has been "shrunk", and many of its top operatives have been arrested or killed.
On July 17, 2009, two blasts ripped two Jakarta hotels, JW Marriott and Ritz-Carlton, killing seven. It was the first serious attack for the country in the last five years. The police stated that it was committed by a splinter, yet more radical, group of JI, led by the man dubbed as the most wanted terrorist in Southeast Asia, Noordin Top. Top was killed in a raid two months later on September 17, 2009 in Solo, Central Java. All members of his cell were either killed or captured, including the recruiter and field coordinator of the attack, Ibrohim, killed on August 12, 2009, and the one said to be his successor, Syaifudin Zuhri, killed on October 9, 2009. After Top, many believed that terrorism in Indonesia had run out of charismatic leaders, and grew insignificant. According to South East Asian terrorism expert and director of South East Asia International Crisis Group, Sidney Jones, Top's death was "a huge blow for the extremist organizations in Indonesia and the region" .
On March 9, 2010, Dulmatin, a senior figure in the militant group Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) and one of the most wanted terrorists in Southeast Asia was killed in a police raid in Pamulang, Jakarta by Detachment 88.

</doc>
<doc id="9751514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751514" title="Swan mussel">
Swan mussel

The swan mussel, "Anodonta cygnea", is a large species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae, the river mussels. 
Because of its morphological variability and its wide range of distribution, there are over 500 synonyms for this species.
Shell description.
The shell is thin but large (approximately 10 to 20 cm) and rather flat, even at the umbo. The shell color is often pale greenish or brownish.For differences from "Anodonta anatina" see Animalbase below (external links).
Distribution.
Its native distribution is European-Siberian. The geographical distribution of this species is from the British Isles east to Siberia, and south into northern Africa.
Habitat.
This species is found in rivers and lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="9751516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751516" title="My Own Worst Enemy (song)">
My Own Worst Enemy (song)

"My Own Worst Enemy" is a song by the American alternative rock band Lit. It was released in March 1999 as the lead single from their second album, "A Place in the Sun", released in 1999. The song spent eleven weeks at number 1 on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart and went on to become a staple in the band's live set. In addition, the song also crossed over to mainstream rock radio, hitting number 6 on the US Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song is featured in the 2012 movie "American Reunion", although it is not featured on the original soundtrack of the movie, the video game "Rock Band 2" and in the TV show "Parks and Recreation" which featured some of the characters playing the song on "Rock Band 2".
Music video.
The music video features the band as well as some scenes of a bowling tournament. It was directed by Gavin Bowden and released in June 1999.
Track listing.
A-side
B-side

</doc>
<doc id="9751520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751520" title="Plastro Irrigation Systems">
Plastro Irrigation Systems

Plastro Irrigation Systems Ltd. is an Israeli manufacturer of irrigation products and a subsidiary of Deere & Company. The company was established in 1966, and today operates through 13 subsidiaries worldwide, with 100 representatives around the world. The company focuses on irrigation solutions within the dynamic irrigation market, on efficient use of water resources and fertilizers to increase yields. Prior to its acquisition by Deere & Company, the company was publicly traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange where share holders (some through holding entities) included Kibbutz Gvat, John Gandel of Australia and the public.
Since 2003, Plastro has opened five new commercial and manufacturing subsidiaries in Australia, Brazil, Ethiopia, France and Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="9751522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751522" title="Carbon nanobud">
Carbon nanobud

In nanotechnology, carbon nanobuds form a material (discovered and synthesized in 2006) which combines two previously discovered allotropes of carbon: carbon nanotubes and spheroidal fullerenes (or, in short, fullerenes). In this new material, fullerenes are covalently bonded to the outer sidewalls of the underlying nanotube. Consequently, nanobuds exhibit properties of both carbon nanotubes and fullerenes. For instance, the mechanical properties and the electrical conductivity of the nanobuds are similar to those of corresponding carbon nanotubes. However, because of the higher reactivity of the attached fullerene molecules, the hybrid material can be further functionalized through known fullerene chemistry. Additionally, the attached fullerene molecules can be used as molecular anchors to prevent slipping of the nanotubes in various composite materials, thus modifying the composite’s mechanical properties.
Due to the large number of highly curved fullerene surfaces acting as electron emission sites on conductive carbon nanotubes, nanobuds possess advantageous field electron emission characteristics. Randomly oriented nanobuds have already been demonstrated to have an extremely low work function for field electron emission. Reported test measurements show (macroscopic) field thresholds of about 0.65 V/μm, (non-functionalized single-walled carbon nanotubes have a (macroscopic) field threshold for field electron emission as high as 2 V/μm) and a much higher current density as compared with that of the corresponding pure single-walled carbon nanotubes. The electron transport properties of certain NanoBud classes have been treated theoretically. The study shows that electrons indeed pass to the neck and bud region of the nanobud system.
Canatu Oy, a Finnish company, claims the intellectual property rights for nanobud material, its synthesis processes, and several applications.
Practical applications.
Properties such as chemical reactivity, good dispersion and variable band gap electronic structure suggest wide applicability of nanobuds. As the production processes are scalable, the nanobud applications may have industrial importance.
Several theoretical works also mentioned the magnetism in nanobuds.

</doc>
<doc id="9751523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751523" title="Peter Baxter">
Peter Baxter

Peter Baxter (born Derby 1947) was a producer for BBC radio, in particular he was for 34 years the organising brain behind "Test Match Special".
Career.
Baxter joined the BBC in September 1965 after a spell in British Forces Broadcasting.
He first worked on "Test Match Special" in 1966, and produced it from 1973-2007.
In tandem with his work on cricket he was also the rugby union producer for eight years and the University Boat Race producer throughout the 1980s.
He co-ordinated the BBC's cricket coverage from every one of the Test-playing nations, and has also frequently been part of the commentary team himself. Baxer commentated on the end of the 1992 World Cup Final between England and Pakistan in Melbourne 
There have been many amusing moments over the years, but being locked out of the ground by the groundsman at Galle, in Sri Lanka, in 2001 was not one of them. He and BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew eventually watched the action from a nearby fort.
Baxter retired on 19 June 2007—with his last TMS production going off the air at 18:30. He was succeeded by Adam Mountford, the former cricket producer of BBC Radio Five Live.
He is a Fellow of The Radio Academy. and president of the Bedfordshire Cricket Board and Metro Blind Sports.
In December 2009 Baxter started a regular podcast on the cricket website thecricketer.com. He is an accomplished and entertaining after dinner speaker. 
He has edited several books with the Test Match Special team and on his own account, 'World Cup - Cricket's Clash of the Titans', 'The Best Views From the Boundary', the autobiographical 'Inside the Box' and 'Can Anyone Hear Me?' on experiences with Test Match Special on tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9751525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751525" title="30th Field Artillery Regiment (Canada)">
30th Field Artillery Regiment (Canada)

30th Field Artillery Regiment, RCA is a Canadian Forces militia (reservist) artillery regiment located in Ottawa, Ontario, at a new complex at CFB Uplands. The move was due to their previous armoury located at CFRB Dows Lake collapsing under snow in 2009.
Currently, the regiment consists of 1st Field Battery, RCA, and 2nd Field Battery, RCA. 
The unit performs parade duty whenever needed at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, and is an operational field unit that regularly participates in Canadian military manoeuvres. The regiment was established in 1855.

</doc>
<doc id="9751531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751531" title="Matanzas State Forest">
Matanzas State Forest

The Matanzas State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in northeastern Florida, near St. Augustine.

</doc>
<doc id="9751532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751532" title="List of The Prince of Tennis video games">
List of The Prince of Tennis video games

"The Prince of Tennis" is a video game series that has games for the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo DS, PlayStation, and PlayStation 2. All of the following video games have been released in Japanese only.

</doc>
<doc id="9751536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751536" title="Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment">
Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment

The Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment (MAEE) was a British military research and test organisation. It was originally formed as the "Marine Aircraft Experimental Station" in October 1918 at RAF Isle of Grain, a former Royal Naval Air Service seaplane base, to design, test and evaluate seaplanes, flying boats and other aircraft with a naval connection. 
It was renamed as the "Marine and Armament Experimental Establishment" on 16 March 1920 to recognise that weapons and other equipment were evaluated as well as complete aircraft. It was renamed again on the 1 March 1924 to the "Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment".
Relocations.
On 16 June 1924 the Establishment moved to the site of the former Seaplane Experimental Station seaplane base at Felixstowe. In 1936 the Establishment came under the control of RAF Coastal Command. In 1937 the Fleet Air Arm was returned to Royal Navy control and the test and evaluation of carrier-borne aircraft ceased. With the start of the Second World War the Establishment was moved to the more secure and safer location of Helensburgh in Scotland and it came under the control of the Royal Aircraft Establishment and was part of the Ministry of Supply.
In August 1945, the MAEE returned to Felixstowe. The link with the Royal Air Force ended in 1953 but the MAEE continued as a civilian manned unit and did not shut until 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9751550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751550" title="Blackie the Pirate">
Blackie the Pirate

Blackie the Pirate () is a 1971 comedy film with Terence Hill and Bud Spencer, unusual in that the popular team has little screen time together.
Story.
Captain Blackie (Terence Hill) is a notorious pirate who learns about a shipment of Spanish gold when he encounters Don Pedro (George Martin). He devises a plan to find this ship and its gold. His rival is the Viceroy of the Spanish colony.
He goes to Tortuga (a pirate settlement), where Montbarc, Visbarque, and Skull (Bud Spencer), three other pirate captains, all have different versions of the events involving the gold; Montbarc sells two prisoners from his capture of a Spanish frigate. Don Pedro recognizes the wife of the Viceroy, and Blackie buys her. However, Skull also knows who she is, and tries to make a deal. Blackie refuses, and Skull makes a deal with the other two pirate captains to plot against Blackie. Blackie manages to elude and escape the other three and makes it to the San Luis, where he finds a secret about the gold. When he returns to his ship, it has been captured by the other three pirates where they plan to use it for their plan. Skull takes them as prisoners where he still demands to make a deal or torture them for information.
Blackie manages to free his crew, but loses his ship the ""Fury"". Skull is his prisoner, and he uses now Skull's ship the ""Erebus"" to get the gold.

</doc>
<doc id="9751563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751563" title="Battle of Alavus">
Battle of Alavus

The Battle of Alavus took place on 17 August 1808 in the vicinity of the town of Alavus (), as part of the Finnish War. The Finnish army, under the command of general Carl Johan Adlercreutz defeated a smaller Russian force and drove it southwards. It was the last in a string of Swedish successes during the summer of 1808, and marked the turning point in the war.
Prelude.
With his supply lines harassed by Swedish forces and retreating southward, the newly appointed general major Nikolay Kamensky decided to retake the initiative. The logistical situation precluded this however, and he was forced to march to Jämsä. Not until 7 August was he able to regain control of the situation, as Swedish raiding activities ebbed and reinforcements and fresh supplies started arriving. Kamenskiy then decided to renew his offensive. He sent a detachment under colonel Erikson toward Alavus and marched towards Jyväskylä. 
Probably encouraged by the victory at Kauhajoki, marshal Wilhelm Mauritz Klingspor ordered general Adlercreutz to attack the Russian position at Alavus. The army, much worn by the ordeals of the summer, was moved south on 16 August in pouring rain. The following day the weather cleared.
The battle.
In bright sunshine, Adlercreutz attacked the Russian positions south of the Alavus church, near the small village of Härkölä, protected by lake Alajärvi on his left and marshy ground on his right. The Russian counterattacked on their right wing and forced a battalion of Karelians on the Swedish left flank to retreat northwards. At this point Adlercreutz ordered the 3rd battalion of Savolax infantry regiment, supported by the 2nd battalion, to counterattack. After a barrage of gunfire, the battalion made a bayonet charge and threw back the Russians. The Russian left flank was also under pressure and started yielding; by 19.00 the entire Russian force had retired with casualties tallying 370 men, compared to 200 on the Swedish side.
Aftermath.
Despite the success, Klingspor never capitalized on it or the outcome of Lapua and the difficult Russian supply situation in the summer of 1808. After the defeat at Alavus, Russian fortune turned and Kamensky was successful in his counteroffensive, which drove the Swedes ever further north.

</doc>
<doc id="9751577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751577" title="Kilnamanagh">
Kilnamanagh

Kilnamanagh () is a suburban residential area in Tallaght, South Dublin, Ireland.
History.
Kilnamanagh, in Irish 'Cill na Manach' translating into 'Church of the Monks' referring to church and castle established to house Saint Kevin and his followers. Present day Kilnamanagh has close ties to Glendalough, the other resting place of St Kevin.
Unfortunately, the ancient Church of St. Kevin and castle located in Kilnamanagh were destroyed when the building of the housing estate commenced in 1974 by unscrupulous developers who were insensitive to the rich historical heritage which resided there. The well that was built by St. Kevin is now covered up, but there is still a small garden around the well for people to visit. The well and garden have been fenced in for fear of desecration. The gates that are locked and access is controlled by the local church. There are many references to St. Kevin and his followers in Kilnamanagh, the school, church and local sports teams are named after him.
During the 1980s, many annual community events were held in the parish including the Sunday Fete and the annual cycle pilgrimage to Glendalough.
People.
Former Dublin Senior footballer and current Westmeath Senior Gaelic Football team manager Paul Bealin began his career playing for St Kevin's GAA in the 1980s. 
Church.
St Kevins Church was built in 1978, and over the years the adjoining presbytery has been residence for many priests which have included the following:
Modern suburb.
Kilnamanagh was one of the largest housing estate in Europe at the time it was built by Tom Brennan and Joseph McGowan who traded as Kilnamanagh Estates. It is still the largest private housing estate in Europe, consisting of 1,600 houses. On release to the market, the first tranche of 3-bedroom semi-detached houses were priced at £5,995. Kilnamanagh has a primary school (St. Kevin's), a shopping centre (Dunnes Stores), Credit Union and a well established community centre which also has a bar. 
Kilnamanagh is close to The Square shopping centre, the third largest shopping centre in Ireland, which is expanding with an extra 400 shops in 2010. The Luas red line and M50 are located between Kingswood and Kilnamanagh within walking distance of the entire estate.
Kilnamanagh is divided into smaller neighbourhood areas such as Treepark (first built in 1980), Redwood (first built in 1974), Pinetree (first built in 1981 and is the only public housing scheme developed by the County Council), Elmcastle (first built in 1974), Parkhill (built in 1977), Birchview (built in 1972), and Tamarisk (built in 1975).
The first houses built which were at Birchview, adjacent to the Greenhills Road, were the only houses in Kilnamanagh that had wooden floorboards on the ground level with under floor heating, and was the only part of the estate to have a street gas supply since its construction in 1972. Most of the other parts of the estate eventually had a street gas supply installed around 1990, with the exception of houses in the Elmcastle neighbourhood which had timber floors and gas ducted heating since their construction in 1974.
I lived at 333 Elmcastle Close in 1975 and those houses had wooden floors and gas heating.
Clubs, Associations and Societies.
There is an active soccer club known as Kilnamanagh AFC. 
The community centre known as Kilnamanagh Family and Recreation Centre has built two 'astro parks' with floodlights and a grass pitch in August 2009.
There is an active GAA club in Kilnamanagh. Formally known as St' Kevin's GAA club, it merged with St. Killian's GAA club from the neighbouring area of Kingswood to become known as St. Kevin's Killians. Kilnamanagh has Three GAA pithes in the middle of the estate.
Kilnamanagh was well known for its Summer Projects in the 1980s involving all ages of the community to participate in excursions out from the area, arts and crafts, organised children's discos, cinema, etc. The projects continued for a number of years and were centred mainly at Saint Kevin's Primary School during the month of July every year. Set up by volunteers and parents from the area, it started in 1982 and ran successfully until 1989.
Businesses and Industries.
Located between the Mayberry Road and Treepark is the Kilnamanagh Shopping Centre. At its peak during the 1980s, and before the opening of the Square Shopping Centre on the Belgard Road, Kilnamanagh Shopping centre was an extremely popular shopping destination for people from the surrounding areas. The biggest retailer in the Shopping Centre is Dunnes Stores, with other units occupied by An Post, A Car Spares shop, A butchers and a Chemists. Kilnamanagh has a Fuel Filling Station (Now called Topaz) located on its primary access route (Mayberry Road).

</doc>
<doc id="9751594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751594" title="Law of Indonesia">
Law of Indonesia

Law of Indonesia is based on a civil law system, intermixed with customary law and the Roman Dutch law. Before the Dutch colonization in the sixteenth century, indigenous kingdoms ruled the archipelago independently with their own custom laws, known as "adat". Foreign influences from India, China and Arabia have not only affected the culture, but also weighed in the customary "adat" laws. Aceh in Sumatra, for instances, observes their own sharia law, while Toraja ethnic group in Sulawesi are still following their animistic customary law.
Dutch presence and subsequent occupation of Indonesia for 350 years has left a legacy of Dutch colonial law, largely in the Indonesia civil code. Following the independence in 1945, Indonesia began to form its own modern Indonesian law, not developing it from scratch, but modifying precepts of existing laws. Dutch legal decisions maintain some authority in Indonesia through application of the concordance principle. The three components of "adat", or customary law; Dutch-Roman law; and modern Indonesian law co-exist in the current law of Indonesia.
Legal system.
Indonesia legislation come in different forms. The following official hierarchy of Indonesia legislation (from top to bottom) is enumerated under Law No. 10 Year 2004 on the Formulation of Laws and Regulations:
In practice, there are also Presidential Instruction ("Instruksi Presiden" or Inpres), Ministerial Decree ("Keputusan Menteri" or Kepmen) and Circulation Letters ("Surat Edaran"), which sometimes conflicts with each other. 
Once legislative products are promulgated, the State Gazette of the Republic of Indonesia ("Lembaran Negara Republik Indonesia") is issued from the State Secretariat. Sometimes Elucidation ("Penjelasan") accompanied some legislations in a Supplement of the State Gazette. The Government of Indonesia also produces State Reports ("Berita Negara") to publish government and public notices.
1945 Constitution.
The 1945 Constitution is the highest legal authority in Indonesia, of which executive, legislative and judicial branches of government must defer to it. The constitution was written in July and August 1945, when Indonesia was emerging from Japanese control at the end of World War II. It was abrogated by the Federal Constitution of 1949 and the Provisional Constitution of 1950, but restored after the President Sukarno's decree on July 5, 1959. During the 32 years of Suharto's administration, the constitution had never been amended. Suharto refused to countenance any changes to the constitution and the People's Consultative Assembly passed a law in 1985 requiring national referendum for the constitution amendments. 
After the Suharto's fall in 1998, the People Consultative Assembly amended the constitution four times in 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2002. Important amendments include the direct presidential election by the people (third amendment) and the presidential office term from unlimited to only two (first amendment), the regulation of which had made the possibility for Suharto's administration held in office for more than five terms. After the last amendment, the People's Representative Council gained more power to control the executive branch, the Regional Representatives Council was established, regional government was recognized in a section and an expanded section about civil rights among other changes. Currently, the constitution consists of 16 sections and 36 articles.
Undang-Undang.
Undang-Undang or simply meaning that Laws can only be established by the People's Representative Council or DPR. The executive branch (the President) can propose a bill ( or RUU) to DPR. During the process of establishing a bill into a law, DPR will create a small task group to discuss the bill with the corresponding ministries. When a joined agreement has been reached, then the President shall endorse a bill into law. However, even if the President refuses to endorse a bill that has reached joined agreement, the bill is automatically in thirty days enacted as law and be promulgated as such. When an agreement cannot be reached to enact a bill into law, the bill cannot be proposed again during the current term of the legislative members.
Problems with the system.
There are still many problems with the legal system in Indonesia. Many laws and regulations conflict with each other, and because the legal system (including the courts) sometimes does not operate effectively, it can be difficult to resolve these conflicts. In addition, the overall legal system is badly under resourced, both in the public sector and the private sector which provides many services to clients. The Indonesian government and professional lawyers in Indonesia are well-aware of these problems and are working, over time, to improve the system. The rule of law in Indonesia is undermined by rife corruption among the nation's judiciary and law enforcers. 

</doc>
<doc id="9751629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751629" title="Thioperamide">
Thioperamide

Thioperamide is a potent HRH4 antagonist and selective HRH3 antagonist that is capable of crossing the blood–brain barrier.
Thioperamide was used by Jean-Charles Schwartz in his early experiments regarding the H3 receptor. Thioperamide was found to be an antagonist of histamine autoreceptors, which negatively regulate the release of histamine; thioperamide enhances the activity of histaminergic neurons by blocking autoreceptors, leading to greater release of histamine.

</doc>
<doc id="9751630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751630" title="Swollen river mussel">
Swollen river mussel

The swollen river mussel, scientific name "Unio tumidus", is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Distribution.
Its native distribution is European.

</doc>
<doc id="9751657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751657" title="Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (pinball)">
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (pinball)

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a 1991 pinball machine designed by Joe Kaminkow and Ed Cebula. It is based on the comic book series of the same name, and was preceded by a related TV series and feature film. The game uses the action figures made by Playmates as decoration for the table
Gameplay.
This machine has the following features:

</doc>
<doc id="9751665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751665" title="Better Badges">
Better Badges

Better Badges was a London button-badge manufacturer, started in 1976 by Joly MacFie. During the years 1977-1984 it became the leading publisher and merchandiser of 'punk badges' - exporting millions worldwide from their offices at 286 Portobello Road. Better Badges was a major player in the punk and postpunk scenes from 1976-1983 - a pioneer viral marketer, fueling the independent labels' fan-based promotional successes of the time.
History.
1976 4 July, first punk badges sold at The Ramones and Flamin' Groovies show at The Roundhouse, London. The Better Badges stand went on to become a fixture.
1977 May, First mass-production of punk badges for sale at Mont de Marsan festival in France.
Commenced weekly badge top ten ad in NME.
1978 
Better Badges expanded from its original location in a lock-up garage in St. Stephen's Mews into the top floor of 286 Portobello Road.
Better Badges published sets of badges for both U2 - their first ever commercial product, and Rob Gretton's first act as manager of Joy Division was to order a set of badges from BB.
Later, after discussions with Gretton, MacFie ended BB's unwieldy royalty system, moving to one where bands just got a flat donation of badges.
1979 MacFie purchased in-house printing equipment which, in addition to badges, was used to produce many fanzines which BB also distributed. Titles included "Jamming!", No Cure and "Panache" Promotional materials were also made for budding UK labels such as Mute Records and Rough Trade. Some artists, such as The Raincoats and Young Marble Giants used BB to publish small booklets.
MacFie bought an AM radio transmitter so that music could be broadcast from the top floor to the printers in the basement. These pirate radio broadcasts of mainly reggae eventually led to the formation of the Dread Broadcasting Corporation, which, under the leadership of Lepke, became the first major London urban pirate radio station, for which Better Badges created merchandise and served as the official address.
1980 Fanzines published included "i-D", "Kill Your Pet Puppy", and "Toxic Grafity", which included a flexi-single ""Tribal Rival Rebel Revels"" by Crass.
MacFie bought a cassette tape-duplicator and started offering a cheap tape publishing service which was utilized by pioneering DIY labels such as Fuck Off Records
Staff.
Many musicians, notable or otherwise, worked at Better Badges including Wayne Preston of Youth In Asia. and Hamish Macdonald of Sex Beatles/Sexbeat.
MacFie sold the business and moved to the United States in 1983.
Recent activity.
In the early 2000s Better Badges produced over half a million anti-war badges as part of the UK campaign against the Iraq war.
Recently the firm has been renamed to 'A Better Badge'.
In his 2013 memoir "A Boy About Town" Tony Fletcher dedicates an entire chapter to how Jamming! came to be printed and published at Better Badges.

</doc>
<doc id="9751699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751699" title="Gerard Loughlin">
Gerard Loughlin

Gerard Loughlin BA MA (Wales) PhD (Cambridge) is Professor of Theology and Religion at the University of Durham, England. 
He is the author of "Telling God's Story: Bible Church and Narrative Theology" (Cambridge University Press 1996) and "Alien Sex: The Body and Desire in Cinema and Theology" (Blackwell 2004). 
Loughin is also the coeditor (with Jon Davies) of "Sex These Days: Essays on Theology, Sexuality and Society" (Continuum 1997) and editor of "Queer Theology: Rethinking the Western Body" (Blackwell 2007). He serves on the editorial board of "Literature and Theology" (Oxford University Press) and is co-editor (with Elizabeth Stuart and Kent Brintnall) of "Theology and Sexuality" (Equinox).

</doc>
<doc id="9751704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751704" title="Sierra Mixe">
Sierra Mixe

The Sierra Mixe or Mixes District is a district in the east of the Sierra Norte Region of the Mexican state of Oaxaca. It comprises 17 municipalities and covers 4,930 km2 at an average elevation of 1,200 meters above sea level. 
As of 2005 the district had a total population of 96,920.
The main food crops are maize and beans, while permanent crops include coffee, lemon and oranges.
Most of the inhabitants are of indigenous Mixe ethnicity, and the Mixe languages are spoken throughout the region. The western part of the region is high Sierra, with climate ranging to temperate to cold with strong winds and seasons of daily and constant rains and storms, this changes to the Mixe media territories; of lower mountain ranges but still a very abrupt and rough terrain, with daily rain, ranging from tropical to mist forests to pine-encine, but the more eastern parts are the tropical lowlands of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec.
Municipalities.
The district includes the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9751716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751716" title="Lullabies in a Glass Wilderness">
Lullabies in a Glass Wilderness

Lalleshwari/Lullabies in a Glass Wilderness is an independent solo album by the British artist KatieJane Garside. She is also the frontwoman of Queen Adreena, Ruby Throat and formerly of Daisy Chainsaw. The name 'Lalleshwari' comes from an ancient Hindu poet.
The artwork for the regular edition consisted of stills taken on a mobile phone by Katiejane.
There was also a limited edition (Lalleshwari / Lullabies in a Glasswilderness) of which only 300 copies were published. This included different artwork and packaging, a DVD and a song titled 'Play for us'. The first hundred copies featured KatieJane's handprint in purple paint, as well as her signature and the number out of 100. However, the tracks 'marybell (rides into town on pig)' and 'in the birdcage part.1' were only included in the regular edition.
There are four films on the DVD itself:
1. In The Hallway
2. In The Bedroom
3. At The Window
4. In The Kitchen
'In the Hallway' features KatieJane at one end of a hallway as she proceeds to crawl on her hands and knees. The film is played back and forth rhythmically over and over again to give the feeling of perpetual movement without actually getting anywhere. The film is the longest and lasts 17 minutes and 13 seconds.
'In the Bedroom' is played in slow motion and has KatieJane dancing in the darkness of her room while holding a string of fairy lights that illuminate her body. The slow movement and eerie, droning background music make her seem very ethereal. KatieJane is almost naked in this video also, except for her knickers and shoes - but there is no provocative body language and the soft movement of the lights along with her body make her seem like a goddess. KatieJane has commented before that she hates clothes because they are constricting. The length of this film is 8 minutes and 33 seconds.
'At the Window' is simply white noise while Katiejane's voice sings softly over it. As within all the films so far, KatieJane is at the centre of the screen and little else around her is seen. There is only a single window surrounded by darkness in the video that gradually gets bigger. This episode is played in fast motion and KatieJane appears to be putting on a private show. This film again has a shorter length than the previous one, ending at 5 minutes and 18 seconds.
KatieJane is filmed through a window for 'In the Kitchen'. She does not face the camera and appears to be at a sink that we never see. Following the pattern, this last film is the shortest - lasting only 1 minute, 16 seconds. There is no music on this film, just a monologue from KatieJane echoing sentences such as ""I thought maybe I should have done it/ I could have gone anywhere/ I could step sideways right now/ Shall I do that right now?/ What do you think?/ God will show me a sign/ I'll wait 'til I see a sign"". Here KatieJane questions herself elaborately, and it seems as though she is talking about herself in that very moment because she almost has her back fully to the camera. KatieJane doesn't move from her position throughout the video which is a clear contrast between the previous three episodes where she moves and dances, exposed to the camera. 
Each video is filmed in black & white and offers no interaction with other people, so the feeling of isolation (whether intentional or not) is quite potent.
The 'Lalleshwari' package offers unique artwork and lyrics presented in the form of a sketchbook. There are also pictures of KatieJane exclusive to the package and appear nowhere on the regular edition of the album, including an uncensored full frontal nude image. The first 100 limited edition versions of 'Lalleshwari' sold out within 24 hours, costing the buyer £35. Astoundingly, some of these then went on to eBay and sold for £180, £220 and higher. Unfortunately the eBay sales didn't benefit KatieJane or her team. 
The regular edition of the 'Lullabies in a Glass Wilderness' album is only available online, through KatieJane's website and MySpace.

</doc>
<doc id="9751734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751734" title="Mateus Fernandes">
Mateus Fernandes

Mateus Fernandes (died 10 April 1515), also called Mateus Fernandes the Elder, was a Portuguese architect. He was noted for his works in the Manueline style at the Monastery of Batalha, Portugal.
He became master of works at the monastery of Batalha in 1490 or slightly earlier, during the reign of king John II of Portugal. Before this date, nothing is known of his private life, as he has left no records to consult other than his architectural marvels. He succeeded the architect Fernão de Évora as architect of the monastery. Mateus Fernandes later became the primary architect of the next king, Manuel I of Portugal, who made him the supervisor of other architectural works in the rest of the country.
However, Mateus Fernandes is best known for his work in "Manueline style" at the entrance portal of the roofless, Unfinished Chapels ("Capelas Imperfeitas") of the Monastery of Batalha. The exceptionally large portal rises to a monumental fifteen m by 7½ m wide (50 x 25 ft), overshadowing the rest of the chapels at the monastery. It was originally built in Late Gothic style, but was transformed beyond recognition by Fernandes into one of the first masterpieces of Manueline style (completed in 1509). The Manueline style would then spread from Batalha throughout all Portugal.
The portal is completely decorated into a lacework of sumptuous Manueline motifs, with flamboyant iconography including the armillary symbol of the cosmos, the cross of the Order of Christ (that decorated the sails of the Portuguese ships of the discoverers), spheres, winged angels, ropes, circles, tree stumps, trefoil arches and florid projections. Fernandes was again original by making the sculptural aspect dominate over the architectural aspect, united in an asymmetrical composition. Mateus Fernandes has tried to represent in stone, the exuberant and expansive spirit in the reign of king Manuel.
In the homage of King Manuel I to his predecessor, king D. Duarte mentions his motto "Leauté faray tam yaserei" (I will always be loyal). This motto was then repeated more than two hundred times, carved into the stone arches, vaults and pillars of the chapels. The original plans for an octagonal dome, supported by buttresses, to crown this pantheon to the House of Aviz was never to be finished since funds ran out, and the construction of the Jerónimos Monastery at Belém would gain absolute priority.
Together with the architect Diogo Boitac, he rendered the Manueline style in the tracery of the arcade screens in the ambulatory of the Royal Cloister (Claustro Real) in the Jerónimos Monastery. Fernandes also worked with Boitac to build the abattoirs of Coimbra in 1511. Boitac was another important Manueline architect and sculptor, who even became the son-in-law of Fernandes by marrying his daughter Isabel Henriques in 1512.
He (or his son, since they carried the same name) is reported to have directed the construction of the church and the hospital of Misericórdia at Óbidos, while they were engaged at the same time in Caldas da Rainha 
Mateus Fernandes died in Batalha on 10 April 1515 and was buried, with his wife, under a marble tomb-slab close to the portal of the monastery. Diogo Boitac was buried in a tomb close by in 1528. Fernandes was succeeded as master of works at the monastery in 1516 by his son Mateus Fernandes the Younger (died 1528), who had already been deputized to supervise construction at the monastery in his father’s absence.
Because of East Indian influences in his work and a vague similarity to the design of the Indian Jain temple of Ahmedabad, scholars have often tried to link Mateus Fernandes to Tomás Fernandes, a military architect in India, or to Diogo Fernandes of Beja, who was a member of the embassy in Gujarat in 1513. But all this has remained conjecture. The north porch of St Mary Redcliffe at Bristol has a resemblance to his style, which is a possibility because of the frequent contacts between Portugal and England.

</doc>
<doc id="9751736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751736" title="WGOC">
WGOC

WGOC is an AM radio station broadcasting in Kingsport, Tennessee, under a Business Radio format. It broadcasts on AM frequency 1320 kHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media.
History.
WGOC was on 640 AM from April 9, 1993 until Feb. 26, 2007, when the call letters were moved to what had been WKIN, a news/talk and sports station.

</doc>
<doc id="9751738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751738" title="Ralph J. Scott (fireboat)">
Ralph J. Scott (fireboat)

Ralph J. Scott, also formerly known as Fireboat #2, is a fireboat that was attached to the Los Angeles Fire Department serving the Port of Los Angeles. She was retired in 2003 after 78 years and replaced by "Warner L. Lawrence". "Ralph J. Scott" is on display near the Los Angeles Maritime Museum in San Pedro. On 30 June 1989, she was listed as a National Historic Landmark. As of 2012, the National Historic Landmark is currently in need of volunteers to complete the restoration process. She is currently located at the Los Angeles Fire Department, Fire Station 112, at 444 South Harbor Blvd, Berth 86, San Pedro, California, 90731
Description.
She is long and can pump . Her namesake is a former Chief Engineer of the LAFD.
On 6 May 1924 voters approved a $400,000 bond issue for construction of a fireboat, a station to house it and auxiliary apparatus.
Following completion of L. E. Caverly's designs dated 31 January 1925, a $214,000 contract was awarded to the Los Angeles Shipbuilding and Drydock Corp. (Todd Shipyard) in San Pedro. The contract called for a 1 October 1925 delivery date. At 10:25 a.m., 25 October 1925, Mrs. Ralph J. Scott christened "Los Angeles City No. 2" by breaking a bottle of fire-extinguishing foam across the bow.
Commissioned 2 December 1925 "Los Angeles City No. 2" went into service 25 days later with a crew of 14, including a captain, a pilot, a mate, two engineers and nine firemen. 
The triple screw, white-painted fireboat was riveted steel construction. Her length is 99.3 feet, beam 19 feet, depth of hold 9 feet, 152 gross tons and fuel capacity 2,156 gallons. 
Originally "Los Angeles City No. 2" was powered by seven 350-horsepower, 6-cylinder in-line Winton gasoline engines. Three of these Wintons drove the center, port and starboard propellers for a top rated speed of (the fastest fireboat afloat). The four other Wintons operated the forward-mounted pumps. Increased pumping capacity resulted from the dual capability of the two wing propulsion engines when they were switched from propulsion to pumping mode. There are six Byron Jackson four-stage centrifugal pumps mounted in pairs forward of the propulsion system. Each is rated at at , for a total output of .
In 1945 the seven Winton propulsion engines were replaced by Hall Scott engines. Two V-12 Hall Scott Defenders drive the outboard screws. A 6-cylinder in-line Hall Scott Invader drives the center screw. 
The six Byron Jackson four-stage centrifugal pumps, mounted in pairs forward of the propulsion system are driven as follows: 
Mounting 5 monitor guns, including a tower gun which could be extended above water level, "Los Angeles City No. 2" was one of the first large fireboats powered by gasoline. Carrying of fuel, the fireboat featured a safety system that completely changed the air in the engine room every five minutes as a precaution against leaking gasoline vapors. A further safeguard against below-deck fires was a bank of 18 carbon dioxide extinguishing agent cylinders forward of the water tower. 
Beginning in 1975 the gasoline engines were replaced with diesels and by 1978 two V-12 Cummins, three 6-cylinder in-line Cummins and two V-12 2-cycle Detroits power the fireboat. 
"Ralph J. Scott" carries breathing apparatus, forcible entry tools, heavy stream appliances, a bank of eighteen CO2 cylinders (now removed), flood light, smoke ejector equipment, syphon ejectors, drag and grappling hooks, two Mystery nozzles, and tips up to 6 inches for the largest deck turret. Four reels carry of various sized hose. The boat is equipped with 24 hose outlets (12 port and 12 starboard) and 5 large deck guns. Big Bertha, mounted on the wheelhouse could deliver via a nozzle. The tower turret, believed to be the first, or at least one of the first, fireboat towers in the nation, rises to a height of above the water. 
When she was retired, she had to be removed from the water due to the condition of her rivets and the lack of skilled labor to hand rivet the hull.
Notable fires.
3 March 1926 
"Los Angeles City No. 2" battled her first major fire when the fully loaded lumber schooner "Sierra" burned at the E. K. Wood Lumber Company wharf, San Pedro. It took 26 Los Angeles city fire companies and 5 fireboats over two hours to extinguish this difficult fire in the San Pedro area. First arriving fire units reported of Berth 77 on fire and spreading to adjacent boats. Loss estimated to be over $1,500,000 to the wharf and six boats. No injuries were reported and the fire was under investigation.
July 1947
"Los Angeles City No. 2" maneuvered alongside of Berth 154, the American President Lines pier and warehouse, where she succeeded in stopping the fire at this point. A secondary fire was the burning tanker, SS "Markay". "Los Angeles City No. 2" used her forward turret, Big Bertha and Rail Standees.
29 June 1954
"Los Angeles City No. 2" was put in action during the fire at the San Pedro Marine Terminal of the Tidewater Associated Oil Co., cooling endangered tanks during a three-alarm fire. Starting at 6:25 p.m., explosions and fires quickly engulfed 11 of the 17 storage tanks in the facility. Moored beside the boat was "Fireboat No. 3".
24 February 1967
"Ralph J. Scott" attacked simulated dock fires, berth 128. This was part of "Operation West Basin" training program. 
20 June 1970
SS "Pontos" cargo ship fire, which occurred at Berth 49 at the harbor.
December 1976
The 60,000 ton oil tanker explosion.
Station.
One of the few covered boathouses ever built for American fireboats, "Ralph J. Scott"s original housing (later known as Fire Station 112) became a waterfront landmark until its demolition, 22 July 1986, to make way for a new cargo container complex.
The new, dramatic, award-winning building of Fire Station #112 was designed to shelter "Ralph J Scott", while allowing for viewing by visitors. As of 2012, the weathered boat sits up in a cradle behind the station, awaiting funding and man-power necessary to complete the restoration process. The Port of Los Angeles is planning to develop a new facility to house the restored vessel.
Fire Station 112 has exhibits on the history of L.A. fireboats, and "Ralph J. Scott" in particular, explaining the construction and varied uses of this most unusual vessel.

</doc>
<doc id="9751740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751740" title="Church of the Nativity (Magadan)">
Church of the Nativity (Magadan)

The Church of the Nativity at Magadan in the Russian Far East serves local Roman Catholics, many of whom survived Joseph Stalin's forced labor camps set up in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s to exploit gold in Kolyma's harsh subarctic climate. Today the church stands both as a monument to the millions who died or suffered in the camps and as a source of inspiration for the local population. 
The church was built largely through the efforts of Father Michael Shields of Anchorage who went to Magadan in 1994 specifically to care for those who had suffered in the camps. There are close contacts between Magadan and Anchorage, its twin city.
History.
In January 1991, Anchorage Archbishop Francis Hurley helped a small group of Russians establish the first Roman Catholic parish in the city of Magadan. For many years parishioners worshiped in a renovated apartment room. In 1994, Father Shields became pastor of the Parish of the Nativity but was seriously threatened in 1997 when the local authorities tried to prevent his work on the grounds that he was not Russian. Shields took the matter to court and, perhaps rather surprisingly, won the case.
In early 2001, Father Shields and his assistant Father David Means of St Louis found a piece of land suitable for the construction of a church. As a result of donations received after Fr Shields appeared on EWTN, the Catholic television network, the new building, which cost some $750,000, started to take shape. There were serious difficulties with some of the building contractors who had to be replaced before work could continue.
The central part of the structure was completed in 2002, just in time for Christmas mass to be celebrated there. Work on the interior continued in 2003 leading to the church's consecration by Bishop Kirill Klimovich of Irkutsk in 2004.
Remembering the Martyrs.
The church is closely linked to the Kolyma labor camps and those who died there. This is apparent in the icons created by Russian artist Svetlana Ryanitsyna (Светлана Ряницына, Moscow) especially those in the Martyrs' chapel entitled "New Martyrs of Russia" and "Martyrs of Kolyma". The latter contains all the elements of the traditional orthodox icon but the figures are based on real people who died for the faith. Further examples of the icons and artwork can be seen at the church's own website.
Other missions.
The Church of the Nativity contributes much to the Magadan community where it continues to serve former prisoners and other less fortunate residents, particularly alcoholics through its own Alcoholics Anonymous sessions. In addition, it has a mission in the coastal village of Ola, Russia, 35 km to the west, where it offers support to the indigenous people who are largely unemployed. There is also a mission in Sokol, near the local airport, offering help to those without employment, including ex-employees of bankrupt Magadan airways.

</doc>
<doc id="9751753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751753" title="Congress of Russian Communities">
Congress of Russian Communities

The Congress of Russian Communities (, "Kongress russkikh obschin", "KRO") is a nationalist political organization in Russia. It was created in the early 1990s initially to promote the rights of ethnic Russians living in the newly independent countries of the former Soviet Union.
The group contested a number of elections to the Duma in the 1990s. In the 1995 Duma election, the group took 4.3% of the vote, just missing the 5% threshold to gain seats. In 1999 it again failed to pass the 5% threshold, although KRO candidates did win a small number of single-mandate district seats.
In 1996 Alexander Lebed used the KRO as the organisational vehicle for his campaign for the Presidency. Lebed was surprisingly successful, taking 15% of the popular vote and later going on to become governor of Krasnoyarsk Krai.
In 2006 the KRO was revived by Russian nationalist politician Dmitry Rogozin following the merger of his Rodina party into a new Fair Russia coalition. Rogozin initially stated that he would turn the KRO into a political party to contest the Duma elections in December 2007.
In April 2007 Rogozin announced that he had formed a new party, the Great Russia Party, in conjunction with the nationalist Movement Against Illegal Immigration. The party would campaign for seats in the Duma and initially stated its support for Alexander Lukashenko's candidacy for the Russian Presidency, a campaign which is impossible as Lukashenko is not a Russian citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="9751758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751758" title="WJCW">
WJCW

WJCW is an AM radio station broadcasting in the Tri-Cities, Tennessee area under a news/talk format. It broadcasts on AM frequency 910 kHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media. The station is licensed to Johnson City, and shares a studio with Cumulus' other Tri-Cities stations in Gray, Tennessee.
History.
WJCW originally signed on in 1938 as WJHL, owned by John H. Lancaster, Sr. It was the second radio station in the Tri-Cities. Under Lancaster's son Hanes and grandson Hanes Jr., the station spawned an FM station (now WQUT) and a television station (still under the WJHL-TV calls).
WJHL-AM was eventually sold later to James C. Wilson (son of the founder of the area's first radio station, WOPI) in 1960 and renamed WJCW. In 1990, it became the Tri-Cities' first news/talk station.
Programming.
WJCW airs a local morning show entitled "Thinking Out Loud" with hosts Dave Hogan and Carl Swann, as well as Geraldo Rivera, The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, Mark Levin, Dennis Miller, Jim Bohannon, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9751760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751760" title="Elmer Davis Lake">
Elmer Davis Lake

Elmer Davis Lake is a reservoir in Owen County, Kentucky. It was created in 1958 by the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources, and was named for a former commissioner of that department.

</doc>
<doc id="9751765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751765" title="Language and Computers">
Language and Computers

Language and Computers: Studies in Practical Linguistics is a book series on corpus linguistics and related areas.
As studies in linguistics, volumes in the series have, by definition, their foundations in linguistic theory; however, they are not concerned with theory for theory's sake, but always with a definite direct or indirect interest in the possibilities of "practical" application in the dynamic area where "language" and "computers" meet.
The book series was founded in 1988 and is published by Rodopi. 
ISSN.
ISSN: 0921-5034
Editors.
Christian Mair
Charles F. Meyer
Nelleke Oostdijk
Volumes.
Volumes include:

</doc>
<doc id="9751770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751770" title="List of Spirou et Fantasio characters">
List of Spirou et Fantasio characters

The long-running Franco-Belgian comic series Spirou and Fantasio has a number of major and minor recurring characters.
Main characters.
Spirou.
Spirou is the main character of this series.
Fantasio.
Fantasio is introduced by Jijé in 1943 as faithful friend and comical sidekick, and appears in all published "Spirou et Fantasio" adventures.
Recurring characters.
Bring M. Backalive.
Bring M. Backalive is an intrepid poacher who hunts in the Palombian jungles, obsessed with achieving his career's last remaining elusive triumph, to capture a live specimen Marsupilami. The character appeared in two Franquin stories, and later featured in the Marsupilami spin-off series.
The Count of Champignac.
Pacôme Hégésippe Adélard Ladislas de Champignac is an old, castle-dwelling aristocrat, genius of a scientist. He works in many fields such as chemistry, biology, physics, but most frequently he creates chemical substances from various mushrooms found in his castle's park. These experiments may have extraordinary effects such as softening metal, allowing the body to resist water pressure, speeding or reversing the body's ageing, giving people super-strength, or even turning people black. Also a skilled engineer, he has constructed numerous incredible machines such as individual dolphin-like submarines, and other handy gadgets. He is also proven to be a paleontologist, an astronomer and an astrophysician.
Champignac is connected to several almost as eccentric scientists who frequently visit him at the castle, bringing new inventions and experiments that often bring about troublesome consequences. Due to his overall brilliance, he has several times been the victim of industrial espionage.
A wife of some time in his past has been mentioned, but no explanation of her absence was ever given. He has no children, but would eventually have a near-identical looking nephew, Aurélien de Champignac ("L'horloger de la comète").
Célestin Dupilon.
Célestin Dupilon is a former veterinarian of Champignac-en-Cambrousse, who after retirement has assumed the role of town alcoholic. He paces about the town in a constant state of drunkenness, though he remains impeccably dressed. He was first introduced in "Le voyageur du Mésozoïque" (1957).
Duplumier.
This mild-mannered, timid official is the Mayor's assistant and right arm. He was first introduced in "Il y a un sorcier à Champignac" (1951).
Gaston Lagaffe.
Gaston Lagaffe first made a discrete appearance in "Le voyageur du Mésozoïque", a slightly more noticeable appearance in "Vacances sans histoires", and had an active role in "La foire aux gangsters", before appearing in Franquin's two final Spirou adventures. He is better known as the hero of his own series, where Spirou and Fantasio appear regularly as well. Because Franquin kept the rights to this character, he hasn't appeared in any "Spirou et Fantasio" adventures since Franquin abandoned the series.
John Helena.
John Helena nicknamed "The Moray" is a criminal character encountered in Spirou's maritime adventures. Initially introduced in "Le repaire de la murène" as "the good captain" of the sunk vessel "Le Discret", he is eventually revealed to be a hardened antagonist of the worst sort. During this adventure, he elaborates on of his nickname, describing the moray as a fish with teeth that bothers no-one unless a fool comes by to disturb (i.e. Spirou). In his final appearance in the album "Virus" we find him after doing his time behind bars. He redeems himself by exposing an international gang of viral arms traders. At the end of the story he has started up a tourist organisation that shows people the abandoned base where the clandestine operation took place, a changed man who's earning his money the honest way.
Ibn-Mah-Zoud.
Ibn-Mah-Zoud is a character who makes a strong impression, despite appearing in a single "Spirou" adventure: "Vacances sans histoires". A wealthy sheikh, he suffers from colour blindness and is notoriously the world's worst driver. This is proved during the course of "Vacances", once he has slipped away from his driver's guardianship and mistakes Spirou and Fantasio's blue "Turbotraction:Turbot-Rhino I" for his own red one. Surviving the catastrophic results of his joyride, he later proves himself to be a man of honour, replacing the destroyed car with a brand new prototype "Turbot 2".
Marsupilami.
The Marsupilami is first encountered in the third act of "Spirou et les héritiers", and from then on remained a near-constant character fixture in the following Franquin adventures. After this he featured in Fournier's first story, "Le faiseur d'or" under Franquin's supervision, and never appeared again, save for depictions as plush animal toys and in framed photos. This is because Franquin kept the rights to the character to himself, while the other characters belonged to publisher Dupuis. Since 1987, the specimen from Le nid des Marsupilamis stars in his own comics.
The Mayor of Champignac.
Gustave Labarbe is usually referred to by the title of his office, the Mayor of Champignac. He is notable for his large ego, his pompous and nonsensical speeches, and his suspicion of all things from out-of-town, in particular Spirou and Fantasio themselves. A man who loves to hear himself speak, a simple conversation can turn into a speech in itself. He was first introduced in "Il y a un sorcier à Champignac" (1951).
Notary Mordicus.
Maître Mordicus is the attorney in charge of fulfilling Fantasio's uncle's will, functioning as arbiter in the battle of skills and wits between Fantasio and Zantafio.
Le Petit Noël.
Le Petit Noël (Little Noël) is a melancholic, dreamy boy who lives in "Champignac-en-Cambrousse". He was created for the 1958 Spirou Christmas special issue. He would receive several small cameo appearances and become a good friend to Marsupilami during his stay near the village, the pair appearing in a few short stories together.
Ororéa.
Ororéa is a brave female reporter of Polynesian descent, first introduced in "Tora Torapa". Fournier, who was not interested in using Seccotine, replaced her with this new female character, also a journalist, but more friendly with Fantasio. His infatuation with Ororea contrasts with his frequent exasperation at Seccotine.
Seccotine.
Seccotine is a strong-willed reporter, and was the first major female character in the series. She was created by André Franquin, and made her first appearance in "La turbotraction", serialised in 1953 and published in the album "La corne de rhinocéros" in 1955.
Le Snouffelaire.
A strange animal from the future that has been suggested to look like the cross breed of a tapir and a vacuum cleaner. It has appetite to devour nearly anything, and by flatulent biology, is able to quickly pass out what it ate, encapsulated in bubbles.
Spip.
Spip is one of the central characters of the series, Spirou's domesticated, courageous and sharp, grouchy pet squirrel. As his companion in all his adventures. Spip cannot talk, but his thoughts, often witty or sarcastic, are displayed to the reader, reflecting his usually grouchy mood. He's not pleased to frequently find himself in danger, but will be helpful in any situation as much as he can. Over the several authorship periods the character has evolved:
Rob-Vel and Jijé periods.
Spip is saved by Spirou in Rob-Vel's and Jijé's first joint adventure "L'Héritage de Bill Money" ("The Inheritance of Bill Money", 1938), and from then on he stands by his master's side. Under Rob-vel his presence is just visual, occasionally serving to gnaw ropes that bind his master, or adding to a comical detail. It is under Jijé's authorship he gains the capacity to speak through "thought balloons" (similar to Snoopy and Garfield). From this point he is given to state his opinion on any situation, often in a comical manner, and his communications appear to be understood.
Franquin period.
Under Franquin's authorship, Spirou and Fantasio lose the ability to understand Spip, and when the Marsupilami joins the family, he also loses a great deal of attention but gains the perspective to feel ignored and underappreciated. In the shadow of his extraordinary fellow pet, he is less influential, although there are exceptions. In "La corne de rhinoceros", he saves his friends from an angry elephant, earning him the title "king of creation". Near the end of this era, in "QRN sur Bretzelburg", he is allowed to shine.
Fournier period.
Fournier's Spip continues where Franquin's left off, his sarcasms becoming more frequent and self-pitying. He occasionally breaks the fourth wall, acknowledging that he is in a comic book and sometimes even complaining that Spirou and Fantasio are not exactly his idea of comic book heroes. Complaints aside, he was still an active (if often unwilling) participant in the stories, even saving the day on a few occasions, such as in "L'abbaye truquée".
Tome & Janry period.
In the beginning, Tome and Janry continued Spip much as Fournier had, letting him make biting remarks about whatever situation he was in, providing comedy relief and occasionally contributing to the plots. Hopever, as the series evolved and grew more dramatic and mature, Spip's role was greatly reduced, his comments becoming less frequent until he stopped talking entirely. In later albums he's more or less a background character, still always by Spirou's side but seldom noticed by anyone. This was even parodied in "Spirou à Moscou", where he after a kidnapping spends much of the story with a Band-Aid covering his mouth, and Spirou and Fantasio don't notice it.
Sprtschk.
Sprtschk is an atomic scientist genius, whose mind is constantly fixed on physics formulas in pursuit of discovering the solution to create the ultimate bomb. Invited to The Count's castle for reason's unknown during the hatching of the Mesozoic egg, the Count appears to quite dislike this scientist, and he spends most of the time by himself to ponder his scientific riddle. Sprtschk's appearance in the "Spirou" adventures is very brief, though memorable and ironic. Having presumably just discovered the great goal of his career with sinister satisfaction, he is suddenly eaten, accidentally, by a vegetarian dinosaur. The Count feigns some guilt about his part in Sprtschk's death, but is more distraught when his trees are destroyed.
Marcelin Switch.
Marcelin Switch appeared in "QRN sur Bretzelburg".
Switch was a ham radio operator who got in touch with King Ladislas of Bretzelburg who was being kept a virtual prisoner in his palace by General Schmetterling. Ladislas wanted Switch to inform world opinion of his plight but the Bretzelburg secret police intercepted their communications and set out to kidnap Switch. By mistake however they captured Fantasio instead. Spirou resolved to go to Bretzelburg in order to rescue Fantasio and dragged the reluctant Switch along with him.
Switch was terrified from the start, and became even more so as they progressed through Bretzelburg, being convinced that they last hour had come at every minute. Disguised as window cleaners he and Spirou managed to sneak into the Royal palace during which a nervous Switch wrote out his will. He even fainted when he overheard an outburst by the intimidating General Schmetterling.
Switch, Spirou, Fantasio and the local rebel movement opposed to Schmetterling eventually succeeded in overthrowing him and restoring the King to his authority. Ladislas subsequently introduced reforms to overcome the economic plight caused by the General who had been fraudulently embezzling the state's coffers. The King even awarded Switch the Bretzelburg Medal of Courage!
Switch had a sister whose children enjoyed comics. In a breach of the fourth wall Switch got the characters of "Spirou" magazine mixed up with those of rival publication "Tintin" magazine.
Zantafio.
Zantafio is a recurring antagonist in the series. He was created by Franquin and first appeared in "Spirou et les héritiers" (1952). Zantafio bears a strong resemblance to Fantasio, because they are cousins.
Zorglub.
Zorglub was created by Greg and Franquin, and first appeared in the story "Z comme Zorglub" serialised in 1959, published in the diptych albums "Z comme Zorglub" (1961) and "L'ombre du Z" (1962). Initially Zorglub's character was that of a sinister megalomaniac, mad scientist, but later becomes a reformed villain.
Itoh Kata.
Japanese magician created by Fournier, and used heavily in his stories, but largely forgotten by later authors, until Morvan and Munuera re-used him in "Spirou à Tokyo".

</doc>
<doc id="9751783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751783" title="Pertouli">
Pertouli

Pertouli is a small mountain village within the province of Trikala in Greece and is situated at an altitude of 1,150 metres on the central part of the Pindos mountain range.
The name Pertouli is most famous for the nearby Ski resort that is very popular with snow sports fans in central Greece. According to the official resort website the ski runs start at 1,170m and the highest point is at 1,340m altitude. The longest run has a distance of 1,500 metres.
The ski resort of Pertouli is relatively small, even by Greek standards and has suffered from unreliable snow conditions in the past few years due to its low altitude. The area around the ski resort has one of the most beautiful mountainous scenery of central Greece and the ski runs twist and turn through a fir-covered mountainside.

</doc>
<doc id="9751801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751801" title="Robert Earle (disambiguation)">
Robert Earle (disambiguation)

Robert or Robbie Earle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9751808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751808" title="Wisconsin gubernatorial elections">
Wisconsin gubernatorial elections

^ Recall Election

</doc>
<doc id="9751855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751855" title="Music for Civic Recovery Centre">
Music for Civic Recovery Centre

Music for Civic Recovery Centre is an ambient "Installation" album from British musician Brian Eno, released in 2000.
Overview.
An "Opal" release, with no catalogue number, this title is only available from "EnoShop".
The music on the album is taken from an "Installation"—a show featuring music and visuals—that took place at the "Sonic Boom exhibition" of the Hayward Gallery, London, in April–June 2000. The event, featuring over 30 other artists, was curated by David Toop.
Part of Eno's "Quiet Club" series of Installations, it combined 12 audio elements with 10 visual light-sculpture generative elements, which was, itself, part of a series of multi-dimensional generative music pieces using asynchronous CD players, carousel projectors and video monitors used in other Installation pieces.
In a conversation with Toop, Eno's view is of a quiet "recovery area" situated within a city area, a theory which he has spoken of since the mid eighties; a "critically functioning public space", a (preferably) darkened room containing large-format screens, lots of CD players and sculptures.
Eno has said of his Installations ""I want to make places that feel like music. I want to make things which are like music for the eyes. I want to extend music out into space, into the three dimensions of space, and into colour"".
The album contains only one track, which is based upon, and essentially an extended remix / melding of the tracks "Ikebukuro", from his 1992 album "The Shutov Assembly" and "Kites II" & "Kites III" from his 1999 album "Kite Stories".
The heavily treated, slowed-down vocals of the "Kite Stories" part are based on a Japanese ghost-story, "Onmyo-Ji", by Reiko Otano and was read by Kyoko Inatome, a waitress from his favorite sushi restaurant.
Eno calls this process "composting" ... ""...so many processings and reprocessings - it's a bit like making soup from the leftovers of the day before, which in turn was made from leftovers..."", ""some earlier pieces I worked on became digested by later ones, which in turn became digested again. The technique is like composting: converting what would otherwise have been waste into nourishment"".
In that same year, 2000, Eno issued a limited-edition 2-CD album with Reiko Okano, Baku Yumemakura & Peter Schwalm called "Music for Onmyo-Ji", the first CD of which consists of Japanese music played on traditional instruments.
Credits.
A "Quiet Club by Brian Eno" Installation was held in the Galleria of Frankfurt Fair and Exhibition Centre, April 18 to 24 2004, as the contribution of Light+Building 2004 to Luminale. The music was remixed each time by a different musician.

</doc>
<doc id="9751861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751861" title="Impromidine">
Impromidine

Impromidine (INN) is a highly potent and specific histamine H2 receptor agonist.
It has been used diagnostically as a gastric secretion indicator.
See Histamine agonists.

</doc>
<doc id="9751864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751864" title="Myakka State Forest">
Myakka State Forest

The Myakka State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located on the southwest coast, in North Port.

</doc>
<doc id="9751887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751887" title="Joseph B. Moore (Michigan judge)">
Joseph B. Moore (Michigan judge)

Joseph B. Moore (November 3, 1845 – March 23, 1930) was a lawyer, politician, and jurist from the U.S. state of Michigan. 
Moore was born in Commerce, Michigan the fifth child of eight to Jacob J. and Hebsibeth (Gillett) Moore. His father was a native of Warren County, New Jersey and his mother was born in Monroe County, New York. The Moore family came to Michigan in 1833 and the Gillett family in 1834. Both families settled in Macomb County and Jacob and Hebsibeth were married on January 1. 1837. In 1838, Jacob moved to Dryden in Lapeer County for six years before moving to Commerce, where he established himself a furniture manufacturer. In 1858, he moved to the village of Walled Lake in Oakland County, where he operated a sawmill. In 1860, he purchased a farm and moved there while continuing to run the sawmill. While Joseph was working at the sawmill, he read a copy of Blackstone's "Commentaries" lent to him by James D. Bateman, a local harnessmaker who had taught himself the law and made a second career for himself. Moore attributed his own interest in the legal profession to this influence. 
In 1864, at the age of 19, he and a brother drew lots for the opportunity to enlist in the 30th Michigan Infantry to fight in the Civil War alongside an older brother. The lot fell to Joseph, but he was rejected by the examining surgeon in Detroit. The next day, the other brother enlisted in the 22nd Regiment, Michigan Volunteer Infantry, was accepted and served until the end of the war. 
In 1865, Moore entered Hillsdale College and alternately attended fall and spring terms while also teaching at local schools during the winter term and working at his father's businesses during the summers. While he did not complete his course of study, the college conferred upon him the degree of Master of Arts in 1879. In 1868, he entered the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor for one year. After which, he went to Lapeer and applied to practice law in the court of Judge Josiah Turner. He was admitted to the bar in October 1869 and quickly developed great skill as a trial lawyer. 
Moore was elected Circuit Court Commissioner for Lapeer County for two years, and was then elected Prosecuting Attorney of the county. In the spring of 1874, he became Mayor of Lapeer, while continuing to execute his office as Prosecuting Attorney. In 1876, he was unanimously selected by the Republican Party to be the candidate for State Senator, but he declined. He agreed to run in 1878, and was elected to represent the 20th District in the Michigan State Senate. He declined renomination in 1880, and returned to the practice of law. In 1887, he became president of the Board of Water Commissioners in Lapeer. 
In the spring of 1888, Moore was elected Circuit Court Judge of the Sixth Circuit, where he served for the next eight years. In 1891, he was appointed by U.S. President Benjamin Harrison as part of a commission to select lands for permanent reservations for the Mission Indians in Southern California. In 1895, he was elected to the Michigan Supreme Court, commencing his office on January 1, 1896. He served on the court for the next 30 years, and was Chief Justice in 1904-1905, 1912, and 1920. He resigned in December 1925 at the age of 80. 
Moore married Ella L. Bentley on December 3, 1872, but the couple had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="9751897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751897" title="Lake Malone">
Lake Malone

Lake Malone is a reservoir in Logan, Muhlenberg, and Todd counties in Kentucky. It was impounded from Rocky Creek in 1961 and named for Mr. and Mrs. Wallace C. Malone who donated a large tract of land for the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="9751919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751919" title="Cat Rapes Dog">
Cat Rapes Dog

Cat Rapes Dog is a Swedish electropunk-, ebm- and heavy metal band, formed in 1984 by Joel Rydström and Magnus Fransson.

</doc>
<doc id="9751921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751921" title="Late Move Reductions">
Late Move Reductions

Late Move Reductions (LMR) is a non-game specific enhancement to the alpha-beta algorithm and its variants which attempts to examine a game search tree more efficiently. It uses the assumption that good game-specific move ordering causes a program to search the most likely moves early. If a cut-off is going to happen in a search, the first few moves are the ones most likely to cause them. In games like chess, most programs search winning captures and "killers" first. LMR will reduce the search depth for moves searched later at a given node. This allows the program to search deeper along the critical lines, and play better.
Most chess programs will search the first several moves at a node to full depth. Often, they do not reduce moves considered to be very tactical, such as captures or promotions.
This search reduction can lead to a different search space than the pure alpha-beta method which can give different results. Care must be taken to select the reduction criteria or the search will miss some deep threats.

</doc>
<doc id="9751927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751927" title="Point Washington State Forest">
Point Washington State Forest

The Point Washington State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in the panhandle, in southern Walton County.

</doc>
<doc id="9751939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751939" title="Shred (film)">
Shred (film)

Shred is a snowboarding comedy film starring Tom Green that was filmed along with its sequel "Shred 2" at Big White Ski Resort and Silver Star Mountain Resort, two ski resorts in British Columbia, Canada.
Plot.
Shred is a motion picture that tells the story of two washed up pro snowboarders from the 1990s named Max (Dave England) and Eddy (Mike Miller) who attempt to cash in on the fantastic growth of the sport by starting their own snowboard camp. Hoping to recapture their former glory, they begin by sharing their wacky wisdom with a group of up and coming young snowboarders. The story takes them from the run down ski hill where they grew up to a major event at one of the biggest resorts in the west.
The pair face off against Kingsley Brown (Tom Green), a deviously sleazy corporate snowboard rep and nemesis to Max and Eddy. With the assistance of his lackey Sphinx (Shane Meier), the underhanded Kingsley sets out to ruin the ambitions of Max and Eddy by any means necessary.
Production.
The film was directed by David Mitchell. The Second Unit Director and Stunt coordinator for the film is Doug Chapman

</doc>
<doc id="9751944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751944" title="List of unmade Doctor Who serials and films">
List of unmade Doctor Who serials and films

During the long history of the British science fiction television programme "Doctor Who", a number of stories were proposed but, for a variety of reasons, never fully produced. Below is a list of unmade serials which were submitted by recognised professional writers and the BBC had intended to produce, but for one reason or another were not made. Many have since been the subject of a feature in "Doctor Who Magazine", or other professional periodicals or books devoted to the television show.
Such serials exist during the tenure of each of the previous eleven incarnations of the Doctor. The reasons for the serials being incomplete include strike action (which caused the partially filmed "Shada" to be abandoned), actors leaving roles ("The Final Game", which was cancelled after Roger Delgado's death), and the series being put on hiatus twice—once in 1985, and again in 1989—causing the serials planned for the following series to be shelved.
The plots of the unmade serials also vary. A theme of a civilisation where women are dominant was proposed twice—once for "The Hidden Planet", and again for "The Prison in Space". In some cases, elements of unmade serials were adapted, or were moved from one serial to another; for example, "Song of the Space Whale" was intended to be the introduction of Vislor Turlough until it was repeatedly set back, causing "Mawdryn Undead" to be Turlough's first appearance.
Some unused stories have since been adapted for other media. "Shada" was made into an audio play of the same name, while several unmade serials have been compiled into an audio series released by Big Finish called "".
First Doctor.
Submitted for season 1.
Nothing at the End of the Lane/The Giants.
The first serial of the series was originally to be written by C. E. Webber, and would concern the four main characters (at that point named as the Doctor, Cliff, Lola, and Biddy) being shrunk to a "miniature size" and attacked by giant animals. The episode would have revealed that the Doctor had escaped from "his own galaxy" in the year 5733, seeking a perfect society in the past, and that he was pursued by agents from his own time who sought to prevent him from stopping their society from coming into being. The story was rejected in June 1963 on the grounds that the story was too thin on characterisation and that the giant monsters would be clichéd and too expensive to produce. Much of the setup was retained for "An Unearthly Child", though the details about the Doctor's home were removed. The story's premise was reused for a submission by Robert Gould (later revised by Margot Bennett), "The Miniscules", which was planned to be the fourth serial, but this story was dropped in January 1964. The third attempt to use a miniaturisation story was accepted for the Series 2 opener, "Planet of Giants".
The Masters of Luxor.
"The Masters of Luxor", originally titled "The Robots", was a six-part story submitted by Anthony Coburn for Series 1, but never produced, in which the Doctor faces a self-aware robot which is trying to gain a soul. It was rejected by the production team in mid-September 1963 in favour of Terry Nation's first Dalek serial. Titan Books published the unused scripts in August 1992. Edited by John McElroy, it was the fifth in the series of "Doctor Who" script books, and the first to appear after a break in publication following "The Daleks" (December 1989), during which the rights to the stories were negotiated with BBC Enterprises. The text of Coburn's script was amended to fit in with accepted conventions - for example, consistent use of the name "Susan", rather than the "Suzanne" and "Sue" used by Coburn. Major differences in style between these scripts and the transmitted series include a religious subtext, with the Doctor clearly presented as a believer. It was later adapted by Nigel Robinson for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" in August 2012.
Farewell Great Macedon.
"Farewell Great Macedon" (also known as "Alexander the Great" in the script's early stages) was a six-part story pitched for Series 1 and was written by Moris Farhi. In the story, the Doctor and his companions are framed for murder as part of a conspiracy to kill Alexander the Great and must pass a number of trials, including walking on hot coals, to gain the trust of his bodyguard Ptolemy. The script was published by "Nothing at the End of the Lane" in October 2009. It was later adapted by Nigel Robinson for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in November 2010.
The Fragile Yellow Arc of Fragrance.
"The Fragile Yellow Arc of Fragrance" was the first script sent by Moris Farhi. It was one episode long and was a calling card piece never seriously pitched for production. This story never made it to the production stage, and was included in the 2009 publication of Farhi's script for "Farewell Great Macedon". It was later adapted by Nigel Robinson for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in November 2010.
The Hidden Planet.
"The Hidden Planet" by Malcolm Hulke was commissioned in December 1963 and at one point was to be the seventh serial of Series 1. The story would have concerned a planet in an orbit opposite Earth's, with a parallel but in some ways opposite society to ours; for example, women were to be the dominant sex. The original script was sent back for rewrites, and due to a pay dispute the rewrites were not made until after Susan had left the series; this necessitated further rewriting. A third submission was similarly rejected as Ian and Barbara were due to leave, and the script was dropped.
The Living World.
Alan Wakeman was one of several writers contacted by David Whitaker in mid-1963.The story was commissioned on 31 July 1963. It involved a planet ruled by sentient rocks and trees, with the ability to control humans with an inaudible sound. An four part episodic storyline breakdown of the story features in the third volume of "Nothing at the End of the Lane" by Richard Bignall. In this breakdown the following episode titles are quoted. Episode 1 - Airfish, Episode 2 - What Eats What, Episode 3 - The Living Planet and Episode 4 - Just in Time. Note:- In the script, Susan is referred to as Suzanne, and Barbara is referred to as Miss Canning. Due to fact that this story had been requested at the same time as the first few televisied stories, and probable finally names had yet to be decided.
The Red Fort.
Commissioned in September 1963, Terry Nation had intended for his second seven-part serial to be set during the British Raj in India (probably to have been the eighth serial), but the story was ultimately abandoned as the Daleks became a success, and demand for further adventures grew.
Submitted for season 2.
Britain 408 AD.
Written by Malcolm Hulke. The story involved the departure of the Romans from Britain around the start of the fifth century in the midst of clashes against the Celts and the Saxons, culminating with the time travellers fleeing the indigenous savages back to the safety of the TARDIS. “Britain 408 AD” was first submitted on September 2, 1963. Story editor David Whitaker asked Hulke to revise his original storyline, however; he felt that the plot—with its many opposing factions—was too complicated, and also that the serial's conclusion echoed that of 100,000 BC too closely. It was hoped that an amended version of “Britain 408 AD” might occupy the sixth slot of Season One (Serial F), to be directed by Christopher Barry, but on September 23 it was decided that the production block did not need another historical story and Hulke's serial was abandoned. The spot in the schedule was ultimately occupied by The Aztecs, while Hulke began work on “The Hidden Planet” instead. Following Whitaker's departure, Hulke resubmitted “Britain 408 AD”. It was rejected on April 2, 1965, by Whitaker's successor, Dennis Spooner, because the Romans had already featured in his own The Romans.
The Dark Planet.
Written by Brian Hayles. It was later adapted by Matt Fitton for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in September 2013.
Submitted for season 3.
The Face of God.
Written by John Wiles.
The Hands of Aten.
Written by Brian Hayles.
The New Armada.
Written by David Whitaker.
The White Witch.
Written by Brian Hayles.
The Space Trap.
Written by Robert Holmes, submitted to story editor Donald Tosh on 25 April 1965. This four part story idea involved the Doctor and his three companions arriving on an uninhabited planet to discover a space craft controlled by robots while its human occupants lay in suspended animation who wait for additional crew members in order to once again pilot their crashed ship. The Doctor and his companions are taken captive and trained up by the robots as the replacement crew members, however only three additional crew members are required, so the member of the Doctor's party that proves least useful is to be callously killed off by the human crew. This was Holmes first story submission for the series, and was primarily rejected due to the robots role being similar to that of the Mechanoids in "The Chase" from the previous season. Holmes would later resubmit this story idea to producer Peter Bryant on 20 May 1968 which led to the commissioning of what would become "The Krotons".
"Untitled storyline (Lucarotti)".
Written by John Lucarotti and was planned to be about the 1857 Indian Mutiny.
"Untitled storyline (Lucarotti 2)".
Written by John Lucarotti and was planned to be about Leif Eriksson.
Submitted for season 4.
The Clock.
Written by David Ellis.
The Evil Eye.
Written by Geoffrey Orme, this story was rejected in August 1966.
The Hearsay Machine.
Written by George Kerr.
The Heavy Scent of Violence.
Written by George Kerr.
The Herdsmen of Aquarius.
Written by Donald Cotton, and also known as "The Herdsmen of Venus", this story would involve the Loch Ness Monster and was under consideration in early August 1966.
The Hounds of Time.
Written by Brian Hayles.
The Man from the Met.
Written by George Kerr.
The Nazis.
Written by Brian Hayles.
The Ocean Liner.
Written by David Ellis.
The People Who Couldn't Remember.
Written by David Ellis & Malcolm Hulke.
Second Doctor.
Submitted for season 4.
The Ants.
Written by Roger Dixon, this story was submitted on January 16, 1967. The basic story idea had the TARDIS bring the Doctor and his companions to the Nevada Desert, where they discover they have been shrunk to a tenth of an inch in height. To make matters worse, they learn that the local ants have been made super-intelligent by atomic bomb tests and plan to take over the Earth.
Bar Kochbar.
Written by Roger Dixon, this story was submitted in early 1967.
The Big Store.
Written by David Ellis & Malcolm Hulke, this story was submitted on 15 November 1966 and would involve faceless aliens infiltrating department stores as display mannequins. Ellis & Hulke would reuse the faceless aliens for their successful script submission "The Faceless Ones".
The Imps.
Planned as the fourth serial of Series 4, "The Imps" by William Emms was a four-part story concerned about a spaceship overrun by Imp-like aliens and aggressive alien vegetation. The script was commissioned on 17 October 1966, and soon had to be rewritten to accommodate new companion Jamie. However, due to sickness on the part of Emms, this took so long that further rewrites were needed to explain the loss of Ben and Polly and on 4 January 1967 the story was dropped. Emms reused elements of the story in "Mission to Venus", a Choose Your Own Adventure-style story featuring the Sixth Doctor.
The King's Bedtime Story.
Written by Roger Dixon, this story was submitted in early 1967.
The Mutant.
Written by Barry Letts, this story outline, submitted around November 1966, would involve a race of beings undergoing a cycle of mutations. Letts would later, as producer, have writers Bob Baker & Dave Martin use this as the basis of their script "The Mutants".
The New Machines.
Written by Roger Dixon, this story was submitted in early 1967.
The Return of the Neanderthal.
Written by Roger Dixon, this storyline was about the TARDIS being dragged beneath the sands of Terunda to encounter people descended from Earth's Neanderthal Man who wish to return to the Earth of 2016. These story elements are similar to the story arc of the Silurians, intelligent reptiles that lived on Earth millions of years ago, dwell underground and wish to one day return to the surface.
The Sleepwalkers.
Written by Roger Dixon, this six-part story was submitted on 16 January 1967. The story involved the TARDIS crew arriving on an Earth of the far future where a community of youth depend on the unseen Elders who dwell in the mountains.
A comic about this story is being written.
Twin World.
Written by Roger Dixon, this story was submitted in early 1967.
"Untitled storyline (Dixon)".
Written by Roger Dixon, this story was submitted in early 1967 and is reported to have dealt with a world missing one fundamental aspect.
"Untitled storyline (Letts)".
Written by Barry Letts, this story, submitted around November 1966, was about a sinister organisation operating on Earth under cover of an amusement park. Letts later partly reused this idea as the radio adventure "The Paradise of Death".
Submitted for season 5.
Operation Werewolf.
Written by Douglas Camfield & Robert Kitts, the storyline for this six-part story was submitted to the production office on 18 September 1967, although Camfield & Kitts had developed the outline in 1965. The story saw the Doctor arrive in Normandy just prior to the D-Day landings. It would feature a plan to stop the Nazis from using a form of matter teleportation. Only a draft script for episode 1 would be written.
The Queen of Time.
Written by Brian Hayles. It was later adapted by Catherine Harvey for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in October 2013.
Submitted for season 6.
The Aliens in the Blood.
Written by Robert Holmes, this story was pitched on 22 October 1968. The story was set in the 22nd Century and dealt with an outbreak of mutants with ESP powers. The plot was reused by Holmes in 1977 as the non-"Doctor Who" radio serial "Aliens in the Mind".
The Dreamspinner.
Written by Paul Wheeler, this four-part story was commissioned as a scene breakdown on 23 February 1968.
The Eye in Space.
Written by Victor Pemberton. Concerned an omniscient octopoid eye in space which drew things toward it. "Doctor Who" producer Peter Bryant asked Pemberton to develop a new idea shortly after completing "Fury from the Deep" in late 1967. When Bryant left Doctor Who in early 1969, Pemberton decided not to pursue the story, and it was not formally commissioned.
The Harvesters.
Written by William Emms and also known as "The Vampire Planet".
The Impersonators.
Written by Malcolm Hulke, this six-part story was commissioned on 5 July 1968. The serial was cancelled on 30 December 1968 and its production budget allocated to "The War Games", allowing that story to be expanded to 10 episodes.
The Laird of McCrimmon.
Written by Mervyn Haisman & Henry Lincoln, this storyline was considered around mid-1968. The story would be set in Scotland in Jamie's ancestral home, Castle McCrimmon, where the Doctor's old foe the Great Intelligence plans to use Jamie's body. At the end of the story Jamie would remain behind as the new laird. By late April 1968, it was clear that Frazer Hines would be leaving Doctor Who sometime during Season Six. One candidate for his departure story was Haisman and Lincoln's third Yeti serial, which they were working on around the start of June. Over the summer, however, the writers became embroiled in a dispute over copyright with the BBC regarding the Quarks, robot monsters which had appeared in their previous Doctor Who commission, The Dominators. The ensuing acrimony resulted in the abandonment of “The Laird Of McCrimmon” during August. The story involved a strange force compelling Jamie to pilot the TARDIS to Scotland in 1746 where the Doctor, Jamie and Zoe find themselves isolated from their ship by a forcefield. They arrive at the foreboding Castle McCrimmon, Jamie's ancestral home near a misty loch. There they are met by Duncan, Factor to the ailing Laird, Sir James McCrimmon. Jamie shows Zoe around and she notices some strange cattle which then stand up - they are Yeti. The Yeti isolate the castle and the villagers fall under the influence of the Great Intelligence. One villager, Fiona, is immune and Jamie falls in love with her. The Intelligence aims to gain control of Jamie's body and settle in the castle as the Laird of McCrimmon when Sir James dies.
The Doctor has to determine who the Intelligence is working through, with the Laird and the village sorceress being the prime candidates. It transpires that Duncan is protecting Fiona's mother, Morag - a woman with second sight.
The Intelligence is defeated and, after Sir James dies with no heirs, Jamie is the last of the clan and is therefore the obvious choice for the new Laird. Accepting his rightful inheritance and responsibility, Jamie bids a reluctant farewell to the Doctor and Zoe to remain with Fiona as the new Laird.
The Lords of the Red Planet.
Written by Brian Hayles, this storyline was dropped around May 1968. It was later adapted by John Dorney for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in November 2013.
The Prison in Space.
"The Prison in Space" by Dick Sharples, originally titled "The Amazons", returned to the idea of a female-dominated planet last attempted with "The Hidden Planet". The Doctor and Jamie were to be imprisoned, and Zoe was to start a sexual revolution and then be brainwashed. The four-part story was commissioned on 4 June 1968 and was intended to inject humour into the show. It was to feature Jamie in drag and end with the Doctor deprogramming Zoe by smacking her bottom. The serial was rewritten to accommodate Frazer Hines' desire to leave by introducing a new companion named Nik, and again when he later decided to stay. Scripts for the first two episodes were delivered on 27 August 1968. The production team became unhappy with the serial, and when Sharples refused to perform further rewrites, the serial was dropped. The story was replaced by "The Krotons". It was later adapted as "Prison in Space" by Simon Guerrier for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" series in December 2010. In 2011, an illustrated scriptbook was released by "Nothing at the End of the Lane".
The Rosemariners.
Beginning life as "The Rosacrutians", this story by Donald Tosh came about after Tosh contacted the production staff in early 1968 to see if they would be interested in him pitching a script. Initial discussion saw the story begin as a story featuring Jamie and Victoria, but by the time Tosh delivered the first materials for the story Patrick Troughton had already decided to depart the series. At the point it was turned down by the production team Tosh had completed a script for the first episode and notes for the subsequent three episodes. Tosh completed a full storyline for DWM in 1994. Set on an Earth Space station it deals with a conflict between the staff of the station and the Rosemariners, a group who plan to hold the staff hostage in return for Earth supplying them with sophisticated weapons. It was later adapted by Tosh for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in September 2012.
The Stones of Darkness.
Written by Brian Hayles.
"Untitled storyline (Ling)".
Written by Peter Ling, this involved a story in which time runs backwards.
"Untitled storyline (Sherwin)".
Written by Derrick Sherwin.
Third Doctor.
Submitted for season 7.
The Circles of Power.
Written by Brian Hayles.
The Mists of Madness.
Written by Brian Wright.
The Shadow People.
Written by Charlotte & Dennis Plimmer, this seven-part story was submitted to the production office 10 November 1969. It was seriously considered as the final story of Series 7, but a pay dispute with the writers saw the story being dropped.
"Untitled storyline (Ray)".
Written by Trevor Ray, this story would have been set underwater.
Submitted for season 8.
The Cerebroids.
Written by Brian Wright, this story was commissioned on 24 June 1970 before being abruptly dropped on 29 June 1970.
The Space War.
Written by Ian Stuart Black and also known as "The Furies", this six-part story was commissioned on 9 November 1969.
The Hollow Men.
Written by Brian Hayles.
The Spare-Part People.
Written by Jon Pertwee & Reed De Rouen and also known as "The Brain Drain" and "The Labyrinth", this seven-part story was submitted to the production team in the summer of 1970. In the proposed storyline the Doctor poses as a Cambridge don to investigate a series of disappearances. He himself is kidnapped and taken to a civilization under Antarctica.
"Untitled storyline (Camfield)".
Written by Douglas Camfield, this story involved a hidden Amazon city and was submitted in late 1970.
"Untitled storyline (Worth)".
Written by Martin Worth, this story would involve plant life trying to take over the Earth.
Submitted for series 9.
The Brain-Dead.
Written by Brian Hayles, this was submitted to the production office during the spring of 1971. The story involved an Ice Warrior plan to invade the Earth using a 'Z' beam which freezes things it strikes to absolute zero. When used on humans, it turns them into zombie-like slaves. Script editor Dicks rejected the storyline, but the inclusion of the Ice Warriors inspired the development of "The Curse of Peladon".
The Daleks in London.
"The Daleks in London", commissioned on 25 May 1971, was to be the final story of Series 9 in 1972, re-introducing the Daleks after a five-year absence. Little is known about the exact storyline of the six-part Robert Sloman serial, other than the fact that it would have had some similarities to "The Dalek Invasion of Earth", except set in contemporary London. This similarity caused the production team some concern, and producer Barry Letts eventually decided that he would rather start the series with a Dalek adventure instead of ending it with one. An unrelated submission by Louis Marks was therefore rewritten into "Day of the Daleks", and "The Time Monster" was then written and commissioned to replace the original series finale.
The Mega.
Written by Bill Strutton, this four-part story was submitted to the production office on 25 September 1970 It was later adapted by Simon Guerrier for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in December 2013.
The Shape of Terror.
Written by Brian Hayles, this story was submitted during the spring of 1971.
Submitted for season 10.
Deathworld.
This was the original idea for the story to open the 10th season. This story took aspects from The Seventh Seal, with the ruler of the Time Lords playing a variation of Chess with Death, who was leading a Federation of Evil. The Three Doctors would get transported to an Underworld-like realm, where they would face such creatures of evil like the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse and the Seven Deadly Sins. This was deemed too expensive and not suitable for a family show, but the three doctors featuring was recycled into "The Three Doctors".
Multiface.
Written by Godfrey Harrison, this four-part story was commissioned by Letts on 19 July 1971. Feeling it was more fantastical than appropriate for "Doctor Who", Letts dropped the story on 25 February 1972.
Submitted for season 11.
The Automata.
Written by Robert Holmes, this four-part story was commissioned on 16 January 1973. Letts and Dicks didn't like the storyline and it was replaced by "The Time Warrior".
The Final Game.
The Third Doctor's final story was to be "The Final Game" by Robert Sloman and Barry Letts as an uncredited co-writer which was commissioned on 15 February 1973. The story was to end with the Master dying in a manner which suggested that he was trying to save the Doctor's life. The actor who played the Master, Roger Delgado, was killed in a car accident in Turkey on 18 June 1973, forcing the scrapping of the story. The story was replaced by "Planet of the Spiders".
Fourth Doctor.
Submitted for season 12.
The Ark in Space (Lucarotti).
Written by John Lucarotti, this script came about after "Space Station" was rejected and Lucarotti was suggested by Terrance Dicks as a replacement writer on the strength of his "Moonbase 3" script. The story would use the same space station setting as "Space Station", the setting being dictated by the production office as means of saving money by having it share sets with "Revenge of the Cybermen". Commissioned in June 1974, Lucarotti devised the concept of the ark, a space station that housed a huge plot of countryside the size of Kent - a sort of Home Counties in space. His six-part story concerned the invasion of the ark by a species called the Delc, a spore-like fungus with separate heads and bodies. When the draft scripts arrived from his home in Corsica, Holmes and Hinchcliffe felt they were far too ambitious and complicated to realise on the programme's budget and Lucarotti had over-conceptualised the story. It was replaced by a different story with the same title by Robert Holmes, which shared only the setting with the previous version.
The Sea of Fear.
Written by Brian Hayles submitted this storyline to the production office on 9 March 1974. The story involves the Doctor and Sarah becoming caught up in an experiment to determine the true ancestors of humankind.
Space Station.
Written by Christopher Langley, this storyline for a four-part story was submitted to the production office on 30 December 1973. It was subsequently commissioned for scripts on 24 January 1974 and planned as the second story of Series 12. It was dropped on 17 June 1974 and replaced by Lucarotti's "The Ark in Space".
"Untitled storyline (Adams)".
Written by Douglas Adams, this story was submitted around the middle of 1974. It involved a space ship leaving Earth and filled with the affluent but "useless" members of society. Adams later adapted the material for the "B Ark" storyline of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy".
Submitted for season 13.
The Angarath.
Written by Eric Pringle, the story dealt with people offering sacrifices to sentient rocks. Pringle was commissioned on 11 August 1975 by producer Philip Hinchcliffe to write the first two episodes of the four-part story. Pringle submitted the final two episodes without commission on 10 March 1976, but the story was cancelled on 23 June 1976.
The Beasts of Manzic.
Written by Robin Smyth, this six-part story was rejected on 13 May 1975.
The Eyes of Nemesis.
Written by Brian Hayles, this story was submitted to the production office on 15 May 1975. It would involve the Doctor and Sarah in a chase between the hunter Torr and his quarry Lakdem. Towards the end of the adventure it is revealed that Torr works for the Celestial Toymaker.
Fires of the Starmind.
Written by Marc Platt, this story was submitted in late 1975 and dealt with a sentient star using the Time Lord libraries as a means of invading Gallifrey. It was rejected on 15 December 1975.
The Haunting.
Written by Terrance Dicks, this six-part story was submitted at the start of November 1974 and was to dealt with vampires. The storyline was commissioned on 11 December 1974, but was abandoned on 13 May 1975. Dicks later reused some of the material for his 1977 script "The Vampire Mutation", the story that eventually became "State of Decay".
The Menday Fault.
Written by David Wiltshire, this was an unsolicited script for a six-part story. The story revolved around a nuclear submarine diving into the 'Fault of Menday' and discovering a subterranean world. The 'sun' for this world is dying and the underground dwellers, Suranians led by Zorr, are planning to invade the surface world. Wiltshire was never commissioned to develop the storyline further. Rough story break is as follows.
Episode 1
The Doctor and Sarah are aboard the experimental nuclear submarine Thor to observe its attempt to break the world undersea depth record – which Thor quickly passes when it dives into the 20,000 ft deep ‘Fault of Menday’, situated in the Bermuda Triangle. As the hull begins to react adversely to the pressure, the Commander orders the submarine to surface – but the vessel continues to descend before the pressure suddenly decreases. The crew become weightless before a jolt sends them tumbling to the floor. The depth gauge reads 30,000 ft. Footsteps are heard on the hull and the outer hatch begins to open…
Episode 2
A creature enters through the hatch, subduing resistance by using a pressure weapon to squeeze several crewmembers to a pulp. The Doctor theorizes that the submarine has penetrated an inner world within the Earth itself. The creature orders the crew to disembark, and they emerge into a world of blue grass, white trees and towering red buildings. Light radiates from a ‘sun’ of green incandescent gas. The Doctor is thrown into prison with the others. He is horrified by the threat posed by the Polaris missiles aboard the submarine; the underworlders’ sun is dying and they plan to use the missiles in an invasion against the surface world!
Episode 3
The Doctor and the Commander are taken from their cell to a large palace and introduced to Zorr, the leader of the Suranians – who demands information about the surface world. A water tank is revealed. Inside is Sarah, water swirling around her ankles. If the Doctor and the Commander don’t co-operate, the water level will rise. Another tank is revealed. The water is somewhat higher and a horrifying creature, identified as a Trelw, is swimming inside. Zorr reveals that the Trelws are an aquatic race conquered by the Suranians and used in their experiments. These creatures have previously been sent to the surface world to test the possibilities for survival, and have given rise to certain Earth legends. Trewls are both poisonous and carnivorous – a fact which Zorr demonstrates by throwing a scrap of food into the tank, which the creature leaps upon. Within three-and-a-half hours the water levels in Sarah’s and the Trewl’s tank will coincide and the creature will be released. The Doctor and the Commander are forced to tell the Suranians about the surface world. Whilst the Doctor attempts to explain Einstein’s Theory of Relativity, the Commander gives a guided tour of the submarine. Secretly, he sets a timing device on the nuclear warheads. Back in the cell, the Commander tells the Doctor what he has done. The Doctor is horrified. The explosion will expand the gases of the Suranian sun, destroying the Earth. Stunned, the Commander says that the warheads will detonate in one hour…
Episode 4
The Doctor demands to see Zorr. He escapes from his two escorts by tying their tails together, then makes his way through the streets to the submarine. He finds it guarded so swims to the hull. As he pulls himself up from the water, a hideous shark creature snaps at his heels. With only moments to spare, the Doctor deactivates the firing mechanism, but he is captured by guards and taken to Zorr, who orders the Doctor to be taken to the museum. He is joined by the Commander and Sarah in a long gallery containing various human figures on display in different historical dress. These are not waxworks but the past victims of the Bermuda Triangle – turned into display objects by the Suranians. Despite pleas from the Doctor and his companions, two crewmen are brought in and frozen by a hypodermic injection. As an incentive, Zorr warns that the same thing will happen to one crewman per day if the humans don’t co-operate. In the cell, the Doctor considers the possibility of escape. He hatches a plan to blast through the energy barrier between the surface and the Suranian world using the nuclear torpedoes. First, he says Sarah must trust him with another plan. The Doctor and Sarah are taken to the palace and Sarah is returned to her glass tank. Zorr is angered by the Doctor’s lack of co-operation, and the gate between Sarah’s and the Trelw’s tank is raised. The creature rushes forward with a ghastly roar…
Episode 5
Sarah faints and the Trelw picks her up, but does not harm her. The Suranians are amazed and in the confusion, the Doctor releases Sarah and her rescuer. They escape down a side tunnel. Realizing that the Trelws are the basis for the surface world’s stories of mermen, the Doctor had realized that Sarah would be safe and had told her so in prison. The Trelw says he is called Nephus, one-time leader of the erebus. He claims that his people are being mentally controlled by a Suranian machine, which the Doctor deduces is a transmitter sending its power through the weapons that the Suranians carry. The Doctor and Sarah break into the transmitter room and sabotage it. Guards burst in and drag them away to Zorr, who has decided that they are a threat. Two syringes of freezing liquid are produced, and the Suranians move towards their captives…
Episode 6
Thanks to the Doctor’s tampering, the transmitter room explodes. A Suranian inadvertently stabs himself with his own needle and, in the confusion, the Doctor and Sarah escape. They release the captured submarine crew and race toward the docks. In the grand hall of the palace they are surrounded by guards. Nephus and a score of his people burst in and overcome the Suranians. In the ensuing battle, Nephus kills Zorr. Later, at the dock, Nephus and the Doctor say goodbye. After promising to return, the Doctor boards the submarine and it finally sets sail. Quickly he calculates the figures needed to break through the energy barrier. The nuclear torpedoes fire and the ship is suddenly through, rising quickly to the surface. Everyone is overjoyed. Later the Doctor confides to Sarah that he is troubled – this is not the last they’ll see of the Suranians…
The Nightmare Planet.
Written by Dennis Spooner, this story was to be concerned with a planet where drugs in the food and water are used to control the populace. Punishment would be meted out by temporary withdrawal from the drugs which would cause people to see monsters all around them. The storyline for the four-part story was commissioned on 31 January 1975 and the full scripts on 4 February 1975.
The Prisoner of Time.
Written by Barry Letts, the storyline for this four-part story was commissioned on 21 January 1975. It was based on audition piece for the role of Sarah Jane Smith Letts had written in 1973 and was initially known as "Time Lord Story". Scripts were requested, but Hinchcliffe was unhappy with the draft of the first part and ultimately the story was dropped.
Pyramids of Mars.
Written by Lewis Griefer, this story was commissioned in the July of 1974. The story would involve museum keepers being chased out of the British Museum by a mummy. It would turn out that a group was scaring people away in order to gain access to a sarcophagus which would contain wild rice from thousands of years ago. The group wanted to use the rice to seed Mars and make a fortune. It was replaced by Robert Holmes' "Pyramids of Mars" when Griefer fell ill and the scripts came in late and were not what the production team wanted.
Return to Sukannan.
Written by Terry Nation, this story was commissioned for a storyline on 13 February 1975. It was replaced by "The Android Invasion".
The Silent Scream.
Written by Chris Boucher, this story was an unsolicited submission sent to the production office in early 1975.
Submitted for season 14.
The Dreamers of Phados.
Written by Chris Boucher, was submitted at some point after "The Silent Scream" had been rejected in early 1975. It was based on a premise that Hinchcliffe and Holmes wanted to use in which people and machines are controlled by a computer that malfunctions. It was to be set on a space ship which has been home to several generations of a civilization.
The Foe from the Future.
Written by Robert Banks Stewart as a six-part story, the story was commissioned in May 1976. This story was replaced by "The Talons of Weng-Chiang", which used the same basic premise of a villain traveling back in time when Stewart took up the post of script editor on the series "Armchair Thriller" and would be unable to deliver the scripts. It was later adapted by John Dorney for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in January 2012.
The Gaslight Murders.
Written by Basil Dawson, this four-part story involving murders in Victorian London. Dawson, a veteran screenwriter, was approached by script editor Robert Holmes to develop a story which would introduce a new companion to replace Sarah Jane Smith following her departure. The new character was to be a Cockney girl whom the Doctor would take under his wing and educate, in the manner of Eliza Doolittle in the George Bernard Shaw play Pygmalion. This story was planned to be the fourth story of Season 14. “The Gaslight Murders” was quickly abandoned, however. Its spot in the schedule was ultimately filled by "The Face of Evil"., while Holmes reused the general framework in The Talons Of Weng-Chiang.
The Lost Legion.
Written by Douglas Camfield, this four-part story was commissioned on 22 January 1976. The story would involve the Doctor and Sarah arriving in North Africa at an isolated French Legion outpost. This has become the battleground for a fight between two alien races, the Skarkel and Khoorians. The story was planned to write out the character of Sarah and would see Sarah killed by one of the aliens. The first script was submitted on 9 February 1976 and removed from the series schedule in April 1976. Camfield would continue to work on the scripts, delivering the final part on 24 September 1976, but the production team were no longer interested in pursuing the story.
The Mentor Conspiracy.
Written by Chris Boucher, this story was, like "The Dreamer of Phados", written to an idea brief from Holmes and Hinchcliffe. It was to be set on a space ship which has been home to several generations of a civilization. The script was turned down on 30 October 1975.
Submitted for season 15.
The Divided.
Written by Moris Farhi, this four-part story was officially commissioned by producer Graham Williams on 8 November 1977. The script was not produced and Farhi no longer recalls what it was about; the script itself is lost.
Killers of the Dark.
Following the successful realisation of the Doctor's home planet of Gallifrey on screen in "The Deadly Assassin", producer Graham Williams wanted another Gallifrey story. Script editor Anthony Read approached David Weir with whom he had worked before. Weir's script, a six-part story, was planned as the final story of Series 15 and was commissioned on 18 July 1977. Weir's script had elements drawn from Asian cultures, and included a race of cat-people with links to Gallifrey. Scenes included a gladiatorial duel in a stadium filled with cat-people. Read and director Gerald Blake, upon reading the finished script, determined that the story would be impossible to shoot on "Doctor Who"'s budget and the story was abandoned mid-August 1977. With only two weeks to spare before filming, Read and Williams quickly co-wrote a replacement script in the form of "The Invasion of Time". When asked about Weir's story at a fan convention years later, Williams could not recall its title and made up the name "The Killer Cats of Geng Singh", by which title the story became widely known in fan circles.
"Untitled storyline (Holmes)".
Written by Robert Holmes, this storyline was considered in the autumn of 1976 when it was assumed Hinchcliffe would still be producing Series 15. It was to have been inspired by Joseph Conrad's novel "Heart of Darkness".
"The Krikkitmen".
Written by Douglas Adams, this was one of several ideas that Adams proposed to the production office around 1976. It was rejected by script editor Robert Holmes, who nonetheless encouraged Adams to continue submitting material; this ultimately led to his commission for The Pirate Planet. Later, in 1980, Adams revised “The Krikkitmen” for use by Paramount Pictures as a potential Doctor Who feature film, although nothing came of this project. Finally, Adams included many of the ideas from “The Krikkitmen” in his novel Life, The Universe And Everything, the second sequel to his fantastically popular The Hitch-Hiker's Guide To The Galaxy.
The story is set two million years ago, the inhabitants of the planet Krikkit built a race of androids called the Krikkitmen to wipe out all life in the universe. They were stopped by the Time Lords, who trapped Krikkit within a temporal prison. Now, however, a group of Krikkitmen which escaped the Time Lords' sentence are trying to reassemble the components of a key which can free Krikkit—components of which happen to resemble elements of the Earth game of cricket, itself actually a reflection of the ancient war. The Doctor and Sarah stumble upon this plot when they see the Krikkitmen steal the Ashes during a test match at Lords. They then travel to the planet Bethselamin to foil the next step in the Krikkitmen's quest.
Submitted for season 16.
Untitled (Lewis).
Written by Ted Lewis, and also known as "Shield of Zareg" and "The Doppelgängers", the scripts for the first two episodes of the four-part fourth serial of the season were delivered to the production office on 28 April 1978. Although a third script arrived on 12 May 1978, Lewis turning up inebriated to a meeting with Graham Williams and Anthony Read and the unsuitability of the submitted material meant the story was dropped and replaced by David Fisher's "The Androids of Tara".
"Untitled storyline (Boucher)".
Written by Chris Boucher, this idea was submitted shortly after Boucher had completed "Image of the Fendahl". However, BBC Head of Drama Ronnie Marsh did not want writers working on both "Doctor Who" and "Blake's 7" at the same time, and the story was consequently dropped.
Shada.
"Shada" was a six-part serial written by Douglas Adams that was to have concluded Series 17 in 1980. Production was halted during filming due to a strike and never resumed, although a reconstruction of the serial using narration and existing footage was later released on VHS in 1992. The story was later adapted by Big Finish in 2003 as a webcast production featuring Paul McGann's Eighth Doctor (and later released as an audio story that same year), while Adams himself reused elements from the serial for his first Dirk Gently novel "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency". The story was novelized by Gareth Roberts in 2012.
Submitted for season 17.
Child Prodigy.
Written by Alistair Beaton & Sarah Dunant, this four-part story was commissioned on 12 December 1978. The scripts were delivered on 5 January 1979 and rejected four days later as unacceptable.
The Doomsday Contract.
For Series 17, John Lloyd, a frequent collaborator with script editor Douglas Adams, adapted material from his unpublished science fiction story "GiGax" and in October 1978 submitted "Shylock", a four-part serial written in Adams' light-hearted style. After providing a second draft of the storyline to modify parts of the script to avoid issues such as the rules involving child actors, Lloyd was forced to focus on his commitments as producer of "Not the Nine O'Clock News". Williams was still interested enough in the storyline that he made plans to involved writer Allan Prior to work on the scripts. The storyline was commissioned on 7 February 1979 and a script list dated 29 June 1979 links Lloyd and Prior to the project. Lloyd officially agreed to another writer taking on his story on 25 August 1979. In the story, the Doctor subpoenaed to appear in court when a corporation tries to buy Earth in order to obtain a matter-transmutation device.
Erinella.
Written by Pennant Roberts, this four-part story was commissioned on 10 January 1979 as "Dragons of Fear". The adventure would involve the planet Erinella and two men fighting over a princess. The Doctor would become involved in his own timeline by arriving at the wrong time and becoming accused of being a poisoner. Roberts resubmitted the story in the mid-1980s to script editor Eric Saward, but nothing came of the submission.
The Secret of Cassius.
Written by Andrew Smith, this story was rejected by Read in August 1978.
The Tearing of the Veil.
Written by Alan Drury, the scripts were commissioned on 2 April 1979 for this four-part story. The story was set in the Victorian era and the entire action would take place in and around a vicarage. The vicar has recently died and fake spiritualists are exploiting the widow. The first episode would open with a seance during which the TARDIS would arrive. On 19 September 1979, the story was accepted subject to alterations.
Valley of the Lost.
Written by Philip Hinchcliffe, this story involved the Doctor and Romana encountering an alien Luron called Godrin who crash landed in a South American jungle in 1870. Adams wrote to Hinchcliffe on 3 January 1979, explaining that the proposed script would be too costly to produce. It was later adapted as "The Valley of Death" by Jonathan Morris for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" series in January 2012.
"Untitled storyline (Adams)".
Written by Douglas Adams, this story would involve the Doctor going into retirement but being constantly called upon to solve various problems. It was considered as the final story of Series 17 till Williams dismissed the idea. It was replaced by "Shada".
"Untitled storyline (Mills & Wagner)".
Written by Pat Mills & John Wagner, this story was submitted around the start of 1979. The story would involve a parallel universe in which the Roman Empire never fell. Mills & Wagner subsequently adapted it to become the comic story "The Iron Legion" for "Doctor Who Weekly" in late 1979.
Submitted for season 18.
The Castle of Doom.
Written by David Fisher, this story was submitted by Fisher on 7 November 1979. John Nathan-Turner rejected it in favour of developing The Leisure Hive.
The Dogs of Darkness.
Written by Jack Gardner, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 29 March 1980 and the scripts on 11 August 1980. It was still under consideration in April 1981.
Farer Nohan.
Written by Andrew Stephenson, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 18 March 1980.
Into the Comet.
Written by James Follett, this involved monsters attacking a race of beings who live inside Halley's Comet, unaware that there is anything beyond it. Follett was a novelist who pitched this idea circa September 1979, when it was rejected by script editor Douglas Adams. Follett resubmitted “Into The Comet” to new script editor Christopher H Bidmead around May 1980, but once again the storyline was not pursued.
Invasion of the Veridians.
Written by Nabil Shaban (better known as Sil from the Colin Baker Doctor Who Stories "Vengeance on Varos" and "Mindwarp".) Shaban was a longtime fan of Doctor Who, and had previously suggested himself to replace the late Roger Delgado as the Master. In offering this script to the production office in 1980, Shaban also put himself forward as a potential successor to Tom Baker as the Doctor. Nothing came of “Invasion Of The Veridians” Nabil Shaban had only written the first episode, it was written around the early 1970s, and was very much influenced by the Troughton/Pertwee era. Nabil believes that the only copy has now been lost in time, as he no longer has it.
Mark of Lumos.
Written by Keith Miles, a story outline for this four-part story was commissioned on 14 March 1980.
Mouth of Grath.
Written by Malcolm Edwards & Leroy Kettle, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 18 March 1980.
The Psychonauts.
Written by David Fisher, this story was discussed with Adams in late 1979. It would have featured the Doctor battling the Nephilim, creatures who travel through time in sleeping units that look like sarcophagi. New producer Nathan-Turner was not interested and instead "The Leisure Hive" was developed.
Romanoids.
Written by Geoff Lowe, this spec outline arrived at the production office in the summer of 1980. It was passed on to Nathan-Turner on 9 December 1980.
Sealed Orders.
Written by Christopher Priest, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 27 February 1980 and the full scripts on 24 March 1981. The story, set on Gallifrey, involved hopping back and forth in time resulting in multiple variants of the TARDIS and a spare Doctor, one of whom was killed.
Soldar and the Plastoids.
Written by John Bennett, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 10 April 1980.
Song of the Space Whale.
"Space-Whale" was originally pitched by Pat Mills and his writing partner John Wagner in 1980 as a Fourth Doctor adventure. When the production office showed some signs of interest, Wagner left the project and the script was commissioned as a four-part Fifth Doctor story for a scene breakdown on 7 September 1981 and full scripts on 2 December 1981. The new drafts reduced the humor and the renamed "Song of the Space Whale" was now planned as the third series of Series 20 and intended to introduce new companion Vislor Turlough. The story concerned a group of people living in the belly of a giant whale in space. The Doctor would find this out while attempting to protect the creature from being slaughtered by a rusting factory ship. The castaways living in the whale, as well as the ship's captain, would be working class characters, with the former's dialogue being based on that of a working-class Northern Irish family that Mills knew. During the writing, Mills and script editor Eric Saward "fundamentally disagreed" on the character of the captain (Saward wanting a more "Star Trek"-type figure) and the dialogue for the castaways. Mills has said that "there was a "Coronation Street" quality to it that Eric felt didn't work in space. He thought the future would be classless, and I didn't." Mills' disagreements with Saward led to the script being delayed until it was too late to serve as Turlough's introductory story. The script was then considered for Series 21 and later still Series 22. By this point the script had been revised as two 45-minute episodes, but although it was still listed in July 1985 as an ongoing script, by November 1985 Nathan-Turner confirmed at a convention that the script had been dropped. The "Space Whale" concept was eventually revised and realised in the 2010 episode "The Beast Below". The rejected script was later adapted as "The Song of Megaptera" by Mills for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" in May 2010.
"Untitled storyline (Brosnan)".
Written by John Brosnan submitted this idea some time after Bidmead became script editor in January 1980. The story would have involved the Doctor arriving at the BBC Television Centre and meeting Tom Baker. The two would then pair up to combat a threat.
Fifth Doctor.
Submitted for season 19.
The Enemy Within.
Written by Christopher Priest, the opportunity to write this four-part story was offered to Priest after his previous script, "Sealed Orders", had been cancelled. The scene breakdown was commissioned on 5 December 1980 and the scripts on 6 February 1981. Priest's story idea dealt with the 'secret' of what actually powered the TARDIS, in this case fear. Somewhere hidden inside the TARDIS was the one being the Doctor feared above all others, and the psychic tension between the two of them produced the energy to move through space and time. The story involved the Doctor having to confront and ultimately defeat this fear, and was designed to write out the character of Adric. After hearing nothing from the production office with regard to his completed scripts or his payment for them, Priest made contact with John Nathan-Turner. He was told that the scripts were unusable and that he would not be paid. After a bitter dispute Priest was paid and both Nathan-Turner and Eric Saward forced to pen a letter of apology over their treatment of the writer. The script was replaced by Saward's script "Earthshock".
Genesis of the Cybermen.
Written by Gerry Davis, this four-part story was submitted on spec to the production office around February 1982. It concerned the Doctor arriving on Mondas at a point in time when the Cybermen are being created. The rough storyline was where The Doctor and his companion “Felicity” arrive on the planet Mondas, Earth's twin orbiting on the opposite side of the Sun. While the Doctor works on a piece of TARDIS equipment, Felicity encounters the gentle Prince Sylvan. Sylvan accidentally activates the TARDIS, sending him, the Doctor and Felicity fifty years into the future. There, Sylvan's brother, Dega, is now king and has used the Doctor's device to begin turning his people into Cybermen. He has constructed a space fleet with which he intends to invade the mineral-rich Earth, and plans to kill any unconverted Mondans with cyanide gas. Felicity appeals to Dega's partly-Cybernised wife, Queen Meta, and she shoots her husband dead—only to be killed by Dega's chief of staff, Krail. In the confusion, Sylvan and a band of Mondan rebels flee in the spaceships to Earth; the massive concussion of take-off knocks Mondas out of its orbit into deep space. Former Doctor Who script editor Davis submitted this idea circa early 1981, intending it to be a prequel to his and Kit Pedler's original Cyberman serial, The Tenth Planet (which also featured Cyberman Krail). Davis wrote his storyline with only the Doctor and one female companion in mind; he called this character “Felicity” rather than writing with any particular companion in mind. This idea would be later explored in the Big Finish audio adventure "Spare Parts" by Marc Platt and released in July 2002. In turn "Spare Parts" was heavily borrowed from for the television episodes "Rise of the Cybermen" and "The Age of Steel" in 2006. It also borrowed elements from The Ark(Doctor Who and The Savages(Doctor Who), two stories which Davis had been story editor on. Producer John Nathan-Turner and script editor Antony Root were ultimately not interested in “Genesis Of The Cybermen”.
Hebos.
Written by Rod Beacham, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 5 December 1980.
Project Zeta Sigma.
The Fifth Doctor's first story was originally intended to be the four-part "Project Zeta Sigma", written by John Flanagan & Andrew McCulloch. It was not intended to follow on directly from the events of "Logopolis"; instead, the Doctor and his companions would have already left Earth. The story was to concern nuclear disarmament. Commissioned as "Project '4G'" on 7 October 1980, the script proved unworkable, and producer John Nathan-Turner dropped the story on 19 February 1981. He then commissioned recently departed script editor Christopher H. Bidmead to write a replacement which became "Castrovalva". This last minute change disrupted the shooting schedule, meaning that "Castrovalva" would be the fourth serial of the series filmed, though it would be the first transmitted.
The Psychrons.
Written by Terence Greer, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 13 June 1980. It was finally rejected sometime after April 1981, originally a Fourth Doctor submission, but it is not known if the idea's development extended to the point that Greer modified it to include the Fifth Doctor.
The Torson Triumvirate.
Written by Andrew Smith, a scene breakdown for this four-part story set on present-day Earth was commissioned on 25 November 1980. The story was still under consideration in April 1981.
Submitted for season 20.
Parasites.
Written by Bill Lyons and also known as "The Parasites", a scene breakdown was commissioned on 22 September 1981, with the scripts commissioned on 16 February & 23 April 1982 by which point it was being considered for series 21.
Way Down Yonder.
Written by Lesley Elizabeth Thomas, a scene breakdown for this four-part story was commissioned on 23 April 1981. The story was abandoned at some point after November 1981.
"Untitled storyline (Lee)".
Written by Tanith Lee, the scripts for this four-part story were commissioned on 6 February 1981.
Submitted for 20th anniversary special.
The Six Doctors.
Written by Robert Holmes, this story was planned as the 20th anniversary special. The 90 minute single-part story was commissioned on 2 August 1982 and would involve the various Doctors and companions drawn to the planet Maladoom where they are trapped by the Master who is working for the Cybermen. The Cybermen want to isolate the genetic material that permits Time Lords to time travel freely so that they can incorporate that information into their own biology. The First Doctor would be revealed as an android, hence the title being the "Six" Doctors. Holmes made little headway with the script and withdrew from the project on 13 October 1982. Holmes would later use part of the storyline in "The Two Doctors".
Submitted for season 21.
Children of Seth.
After completing "Snakedance", Saward requested that writer Christopher Bailey devise another story. The initial outline for "May Time" was commissioned on 24 August 1982 and was about the Doctor and his companions arriving at the court of Byzantium. Full scripts were commissioned on 16 September 1982 with the new title "Man-watch", but the scripts were dropped from production for unclear reasons. A second attempt at the story under the title "Children of Seth" was attempted as a Sixth Doctor story, for which the scripts commissioned on 14 July 1983. This failed because of Bailey's failure to devise a structure for the new doctor's new 45 minute episode format and a tangible villan for the Doctor to face. It was later adapted as "The Children of Seth by Marc Platt for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" in December 2011. This version reverts to the TARDIS crew of the Fifth Doctor, Tegan and Nyssa.
Circus of Destiny.
Written by Ben Steed, this two-part story was delivered in January 1983.
The Darkness.
Eric Pringle submitted this storyline for a four-part story to the production office in August 1981 alongside The Awakening, but only the latter was developed further. Season 19 and Season 20 were well into preparation with their commissions, so Eric Saward was then looking into preparing for Season 21. The story may have involved the Daleks.
The Dark Samurai.
Written by Andrew Smith, this story was submitted to the production office around 1983 and was to have been set in early Nineteenth century Japan.
The Elite.
Written by Barbara Clegg this was submitted in late 1982. It dealt with a race of intelligent youths controlled by a lone Dalek. It was later adapted by John Dorney for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" in October 2011.
Ghost Planet.
Written by Robin Squire, this four part story had a scene breakdown commissioned on 5 January 1983 and the scripts on 20 May 1983.
Hex.
Written by Peter Ling & Hazel Adair, this story developed out of plans by producer Nathan-Turner to create a sequel to the 1960s soap opera "Compact", entitled "Impact". When, after drafting three or four scripts for the proposed "Impact", Nathan-Turner informed the pair that plans for the soap had been cancelled, the producer offered them the opportunity to write for "Doctor Who" as a form of compensation. A scene breakdown (whittled down from six parts to four) was commissioned on 12 July 1983, but after three months of development on the scripts, during which the story was restructured into two 45-minute episodes, it was ultimately rejected. The plot involves the disappearance of various people on Earth, which leads the Doctor and Peri to the planet Hexagora where the Doctor becomes romantically involved with Queen Zafia who is trying to save the insect race of Hexagora from destruction through a plan to infiltrate and take over Earth. It was later adapted as "Hexagora" by Paul Finch for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" in November 2011.
The House That Ur-Cjak Built.
Written by Andrew Stephenson, a scene breakdown was commissioned on 10 June 1982.
The Metraki.
Written by Andrew Smith, this story was submitted to the production office around 1983. This storyline led to Smith being commissioned for "The First Sontarans".
Nightmare Country.
Written by Stephen Gallagher, this script was submitted in late 1982 but rejected by Saward on grounds of cost. The four-part story would involve the Doctor, Tegan and Turlough testing a Reality Simulator. This simulator projects a graveyard world overrun by the Vodyani who soon find a way out of the virtual reality and into the real world.
The Place Where All Times Meet.
Written by Colin Davis, a scene breakdown was commissioned on 10 June 1982.
Poison.
Written by Rod Beacham, a screen breakdown was commissioned on 27 April 1982 and the scripts on 27 May 1982.
The Rogue TARDIS.
Written by Barbara Clegg, this story was submitted in late 1982 and dealt with the Doctor searching for a missing Time Lord who has regenerated to merge with his TARDIS.
The SCI.
Written by William Emms, this four-part storyline was discussed but not commissioned when Emms approached the production office in 1983. The story involved the populace of the planet Alden falling under mental domination.
The Underworld.
Written by Barbara Clegg, this story was submitted in late 1982 and saw the Doctor travel down the River Styx in Ancient Greece where he would discover an alien race, the Hadeans, kidnapping the women of Greece due to their own race being rendered infertile.
Warmongers.
Written by Marc Platt and Charles M. Stevens (a pseudonym for J. Jeremy Bentham), this story was submitted on spec in 1983 and was discussed with Saward but not commissioned. This story dealt with Sontarans and Rutans in England during the 1940s blitz.
The Zeldan.
Written by William Emms, this four-part storyline was discussed but not commissioned when Emms approached the production office in 1983.
Sixth Doctor.
Submitted for season 22.
All scripts for this series were commissioned for the new 45 minute episode format.
Cat's Cradle.
Written by Marc Platt, this was submitted to Saward in 1984 and rejected for being too ambitious for "Doctor Who"'s budget. Platt later adapted the story as for the Virgin New Adventures range in February 1992.
The First Sontarans.
Written by Andrew Smith, a scene breakdown had been commissioned on 10 January 1984. The two-part story would have involved the "Mary Celeste". It was turned down due to the fact that the Sontarans were to appear in "The Two Doctors". It was later adapted by Smith for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in July 2012.
The Guardians of Prophecy.
Written by Johnny Byrne, a plot outline for this story, also known as "The Place of Serenity", was submitted to the production office by Byrne in July 1983. The two-part story would have seen the Doctor visit the planet Serenity, which is part of the same union that Traken belonged to. The rulers of Serenity are assisted by a computer known as Prophecy and the villains of the piece, Auga and Mura, are attempting to overthrow the rulers. It was later adapted by Jonathan Morris for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in May 2012.
Leviathan.
Written by Brian Finch. The scripts for the two-part story were commissioned as "Livanthian" on 14 August 1983. It was later adapted by Paul Finch (Brian's son) for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in January 2010. It would have seen the Doctor arriving in medieval times.
The Macros.
Written by Ingrid Pitt & Tony Rudlin was conceived of as a four-part Fifth Doctor story during the production of Series 21 before being quickly revised as a two-part Sixth Doctor tale. A script for the first episode only was commissioned as "The Macro Men" on 19 January 1984. It was later adapted by Pitt & Rudlin for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in June 2010.
Volvok.
Written by Ian Marter, the script for episode one only had been commissioned as "Strange Encounter" on 2 February 1984. The two-part story is thought to have dealt with the theme of hospital overcrowding.
"Untitled storyline (Bidmead)".
Written by Christopher H. Bidmead, a scene breakdown was commissioned on 19 June 1984.
"Untitled storyline (Boucher)".
Written by Chris Boucher, a scene breakdown was commissioned on 7 February 1984.
"Conquest of the Daleks".
Written by Glen McCoy, McCoy submitted this four part idea on spec to the production office in 1983. Script editor Eric Saward was taken with the idea, but asked McCoy to rewrite it without the Daleks and to add more original characters of his own. The resulting efforts became Timelash. The story involved The Doctor and Peri meeting author H G Wells. Their subsequent battle against the Daleks provides the inspiration for some of his future novels (The Time Machine and The War Of The Worlds).
The originally planned season 23.
When "Doctor Who" was put on hiatus in February 1985, several completed scripts were already being prepared for the 1986 series (which would retain the format of thirteen 45 minute episodes). Others tales were still in the story-outline stage. All of these scripts were later abandoned to make way for "The Trial of a Time Lord", when the series resumed in September 1986.
The Nightmare Fair.
Written by Graham Williams, this two-part story was commissioned on 25 September 1984 as "Arcade" and was planned to open the original 23rd series. Nathan-Turner hoped to have Matthew Robinson direct the adventure. Williams wrote a novelisation of the script which was published by Target Books in May 1989. It was later adapted by John Ainsworth for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in November 2009.
The Ultimate Evil.
Written by Wally K. Daly, this two-part story was planned to be the second story in the original 23rd series. Nathan-Turner hoped to have Fiona Cumming direct the adventure. Daly wrote a novelization of the script which was published by Target Books in August 1989.
Mission to Magnus.
Written by Philip Martin, this two-part story was planned to be the third story in the original 23rd series. Nathan-Turner hoped to have Ron Jones direct the adventure. Martin wrote a novelization of the script which was published by Target Books in July 1990. It was later adapted by Martin for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in December 2009.
Yellow Fever and How to Cure It.
"Yellow Fever and How to Cure It" was a three-part story by Robert Holmes that would have taken place in Singapore and featured the Autons as the monsters, with both the Rani and the Master appearing. The first episode was commissioned on 26 October 1984, before being put on hold. The entire story was subsequently commissioned on 6 February 1986, only a couple of weeks before news of the planned hiatus broke. Nathan-Turner hoped to have Graeme Harper direct the adventure. After the news of the hiatus, Holmes was asked by the production team to continue with the story but as six 25 minute episodes, this version seeing the removal of the Master from the plot. Holmes reportedly only completed a story outline before the planned Series 23 was completely cancelled.
In the Hollows of Time.
Commissioned as a two-part story from Christopher H. Bidmead on 21 November 1984. After the news of the hiatus, Bidmead was asked by the production team to continue with the story but as four 25 minute episodes. It was later adapted as "The Hollows of Time" by Bidmead for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in June 2010.
The Children of January.
Written by Michael Feeney Callan, this story was commissioned on 5 February 1985. After the news of the hiatus, Callan was asked by the production team to continue with the story but as four 25 minute episodes. It had been planned that an adaptation of this story would appear as part of Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range, but fell through due to the author's other commitments and was replaced by "The Macros".
Also submitted for original season 23.
Dark Labyrinth.
Written by David Banks, the story involved the Sixth Doctor and Peri encountering the Master in Ancient Crete, as well as a contingent of Cybermen. David Banks, who had played the CyberLeader in three serials in the early 1980’s, submitted this storyline around the time that ‘Attack Of The Cybermen’ entered production in 1984. Script editor Eric Saward liked the idea, but felt that it would prove too expensive to film.
Doomwraiths.
Written by Philip Martin, this story was submitted on 28 December 1983 and dealt with an alien race returning to Earth to discover their "humanity" experiment has failed. The story involved the TARDIS alerting the Doctor to the fact that a regeneration is in progress nearby, suggesting the presence of a fellow Timelord. The Doctor instead find the elite of the Doomwraiths emerging, reconstituted, as shimmering metal columns with many moving strips and a deadly purpose. The Wraiths find that human evolution has failed, and mankind has not taken on their form; they will thus release a plague to destroy humanity, relocate the missing section of genetic code and repopulate Earth themselves. The Doctor and Peri discover that the Doomwraiths themselves have a genetic flaw which gives them the impulse to destroy. The Doctor manages to destroy the discovered code block, but says that the Doomwraiths may have left their legacy on other worlds. On 9 March 1984, Saward noted that the story idea would need further development before he could assess it for commissioning.
Flipback.
Written by David Banks.
Gallifrey.
"Gallifrey" was a Pip & Jane Baker script for four 25-minute episodes that was commissioned on 11 March 1985 in the wake of the hiatus announcement, that reportedly would have dealt with the destruction of the Doctor's aforementioned home planet. The concept of Gallifrey's destruction was briefly revived for the proposed interregnum feature film version of "Doctor Who" (see "Proposed films" below) before being incorporated into the Doctor's backstory beginning in the 2005 series.
Iceberg.
Written by David Banks, the writer proposed the story around the time that he was engaged to play the Cyberleader in "Attack of the Cybermen". The story is set in 2006, human scientists in Antarctica race to construct a device which will undo an imminent reversal of the Earth's magnetic field. However, the Cybermen are also present in Antarctica and are plotting to sabotage the device, giving them the opportunity to conquer the planet in the confusion caused by the reversal. The device is activated prematurely, crippling the Cybermen, and giving the Doctor the opportunity to stop the Cyber forces. Banks later adapted the story as a novel for the Virgin New Adventures range in September 1993 featuring the Seventh Doctor.
League of the Tancreds.
Written by Peter Grimwade, this two-part story was commissioned on 13 August 1984 and abandoned on 8 November 1984 after the completion of a scene breakdown. Nothing exists of this story.
Meltdown.
Written by Gary Hopkins, this story reunites the Doctor with former companion Victoria Waterfield, now crusading against nuclear waste. It was later adapted as "Power Play" by Hopkins for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in June 2012.
Point of Entry.
Written by Barbara Clegg, this storyline involved the Doctor and Peri in Elizabethan London as an alien race, the Omnim, return via an Aztec knife. It was also to feature Christopher Marlowe. It was later adapted by Marc Platt for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in April 2010.
Space Sargasso.
Written by Philip Martin, this story was submitted on 28 December 1983 and had the TARDIS pulled to a spaceship graveyard controlled by the Master. On 9 March 1984 Saward felt that the story idea needed further work before it could be considered for commissioning.
Valley of Shadows.
Written by Philip Martin, this story was submitted on 28 December 1983 and had the Doctor travel into the Egyptian underworld to save Peri. On 9 March 1984 Saward felt that the story idea needed further work before it could be considered for commissioning.
"Untitled storyline (Pritchard)".
Written by Bill Pritchard.
"Untitled storyline (Wolfman)".
Written by Jonathan Wolfman.
"The Trial of a Time Lord" candidates.
After the decision was taken to cancel all the stories previously commissioned for series 23, new stories were sought for the shortened 14 episode series. The plan was for three production blocks, divided up into two four-episode lots and one block of six episodes. Robert Holmes was assigned the opening four-part story and Philip Martin the second four-part story. The final six episodes were to be broken up into three two-part stories.
Attack from the Mind.
Writer David Halliwell was approached by Eric Saward in early July 1985 as a prospective writer for the "new" series 23. Halliwell submitted his untitled first draft of the then untitled two-part story to the production office in late July 1985. The story dealt with a conflict between the ugly looking Freds and the beautiful Penelopeans. Work on a second draft began on 14 August 1985 and was completed by 22 August 1985, with a third draft submitted on 11 September 1985. Saward spent much time with Halliwell on further drafts, changing the name of the Freds to Trikes. The fourth revision was delivered on 26 September 1985 and 7 October 1985 saw a fifth draft arrive at the production office. Halliwell received a letter from Saward on 18 October 1985, advising him that "Attack from the Mind" had been cancelled.
The Second Coming.
Jack Trevor Story was invited to the same series briefing as Halliwell, and this two-part story was meant to share sets with "Attack from the Mind" as well as being linked narratively. The story was centred around the idea of a man playing a saxophone inside an empty gasometer.
With the dismissal of Halliwell and Story's scripts, Saward looked to replace them with a single four-part adventure.
Pinacotheca.
Written by Christopher H. Bidmead, the story was commissioned on 29 October 1985 as "The Last Adventure", with second draft scripts of all four episodes delivered by 9 January 1986. The story was dropped on 7 February 1986.
Paradise Five.
Written by P.J. Hammond, the story was commissioned as "End of Term" on 10 February 1986 as a replacement for "Pinacotheca". It involved the Doctor investigating the resort of Paradise Five, while Mel goes undercover as a hostess. When this script too failed, it was replaced in turn by Pip & Jane Baker's "Terror of the Vervoids". It was later adapted as "Paradise 5" by Andy Lane for Big Finish as part of their "The Lost Stories" series in March 2010.
Time Inc.
"Time Inc" was the title for the concluding two-part story-arc as to have originally been written by Robert Holmes when commissioned on 4 February 1986. However, Holmes was unable to work on the script past the first part due to his untimely death on 24 May 1986. Script editor Eric Saward was tasked with completing the story, his version of the script ending with the Doctor and the Valeyard locked in battle in the time vortex and no clear victor. This was disapproved by series producer John Nathan-Turner as being too down-beat and would end the show on an inconclusive moment should the BBC decide to cancel the series. The final episode was subsequently commissioned from Pip & Jane Baker by Nathan-Turner after Saward quit as script editor following the rejection of his proposed ending.
Mel introduction story.
According to his book "Doctor Who: The Companions" (published at about the time "The Trial of a Time Lord" was broadcast), series producer John Nathan-Turner intended to chronicle the Doctor's first meeting with Melanie Bush in a later episode. The subsequent dismissal of Colin Baker from the role of the Doctor rendered this potential storyline moot, although the later novel "Business Unusual" by Gary Russell, that was published in September 1997, would attempt to fill in this gap in the show's continuity.
Seventh Doctor.
Submitted for season 26.
Alixion.
Written by Robin Mukherjee, this three-part story had been considered for series 26 as the "spare" script should another planned story become no longer suitable. The adventure was to take place on a monastic planet inhabited by humans and large beetles. The humans were monks who worked to provide a special elixir that enhanced intelligence. This elixir would be produced by the beetles feeding on intelligent beings. The abbot of the monastery wants to feed the Doctor to the beetles in order to produce a more potent elixir for himself. The script was not completed beyond a partial storyline. Mukherjee was unsure how events would have been resolved beyond a contest of wills between the Doctor and the abbot.
Avatar.
Written by David A. McIntee, this was a four-part Lovecraftian horror story set in Arkham, New England in 1927, although McIntee later began a rewrite to shift the action to Cornwall. The story was based around alien bodysnatchers who could only inhabit the bodies of the dead. The villain of the piece would discover the remains of a Silurian god and try and clone itself a new body from the fossilized body.
Illegal Alien.
Written by Mike Tucker & Robert Perry, this was a three-part Cybermen story set in war-torn London of the 1940s. They had completed the first two episodes in script form and the final episode as a storyline, and were planning to submit it during the start of production on series 26. Fellow writer Ben Aaronovitch intercepted the script, suggesting that submitting to script editor Andrew Cartmel a World War II script when he was currently already editing something similar ("The Curse of Fenric") was a mistake and to instead submit it for the following series. Tucker & Perry later adapted the story as a novel for the BBC Past Doctors range in October 1997.
Lungbarrow.
Written by Marc Platt. Platt later adapted the story as a novel for the Virgin New Adventures range in March 1997.
Shrine.
In 1988 writer Marc Platt discussed with script editor Andrew Cartmel an idea inspired by Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace", concerning stone-headed aliens looking for their God-King in Tsarist 19th Century Russia.
Under consideration for season 27.
Before the original "Doctor Who" series reached its conclusion, some tentative plans had been made for a proposed 27th series under the assumption that it would maintain the then-current pattern of two four-part and two three-part stories. As noted in each entry, Big Finish Productions has produced audio adaptations of several scripts as part of their "The Lost Stories" releases. The safecracking companion introduced in "Crime of the Century" (see below), who was never named during the planning, has now been given a name, that of Raine Creevey, and she is portrayed by Beth Chalmers.
Earth Aid.
The opening three-part, studio-bound story was to be by Ben Aaronovitch; a space opera featuring a race of samurai insect-like aliens called the Metatraxi. "Earth Aid" was to open with Ace in the captain's chair of a starship, and the story would concern the politics of humanitarian aid. The Metatraxi were originally conceived as part of a stage play entitled "War World". The Metatraxi were later used in Lawrence Miles' spin-off novel "Alien Bodies". "Earth Aid" (a title invented by Dave Owen for his "27 up" article in DWM) was later adapted by Aaronovitch and Cartmel for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in July 2011. Cartmel is on record as preferring the title "Bad Destination".
Thin Ice.
This four-parter, the second story of the proposed series, was to have been written by Marc Platt and was due to feature Ice Warriors in a London of 1968. It would have seen the departure of Ace to the Prydonian Academy to become a Time Lord. The story was to introduce a character with underworld connections who was intended to become a recurring character similar to the Brigadier. The character would have a daughter born at the conclusion of the adventure who would be named by the Doctor. The plot would have featured an Ice Warrior's armour in the London Dungeon and two reincarnated Warriors continuing a long rivalry. Platt also intended to have bikers being controlled by the Ice Warriors (and wearing similar helmets), scenes on a terraformed pastoral Mars, and a more mystical bent to the aliens while deepening their history. Marc Platt has revealed that the name "Ice Time" was "only ever invented for an article in "Doctor Who Magazine"" (Dave Owen's "27 up" article). It was later adapted by Platt for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in April 2011.
Crime of the Century.
Was to have been written by Andrew Cartmel, and would have introduced a cat burglar/safecracker as the next companion. The character with underworld connections from "Thin Ice" would be featured as an older individual and the father of the new companion. "Crime of the Century" (another title invented by Owen for "27 up") was later adapted by Cartmel for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in May 2011. Cartmel would have preferred to call the story "Action at a Distance".
Animal.
Cartmel had wanted to pen a story of his own. "Animal" (another title invented by Owen for "27 up") was later adapted by Cartmel for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in June 2011. Cartmel would have preferred to call the story "Blood and Iron".
Hostage.
Written by Neil Penswick, this was a three-part futuristic thriller in which a group of soldiers are hunting down two shape-changing criminals called Butler and Swarfe. The cliffhanger to part one had Swarfe changing into a monster who then went on the hunt in part two. Penswick later adapted some material from this for his Virgin New Adventures novel "The Pit" in March 1993.
Night Thoughts.
Written by Edward Young, this is a horror story set in an isolated house. It would feature a group of university staff, one who was a cripple, trapped in the house during winter. One of the characters would turn out to be a murderer. The story took its name and theme from the poem "Night-Thoughts" by Edward Young, namesake of the story's writer. It was later adapted by Young for Big Finish in February 2006. The adaptation featured the Seventh Doctor and Ace, as well as Big Finish-original companion Hex.
A School for Glory.
Written by Tony Etchells & an unidentified writer, this was to be set during the Great War. The narrative was planned to alternate between the trenches and a British country house doubling as an army academy.
Submitted for 30th anniversary special.
Lost in the Dark Dimension.
The first time the idea of a special video-only anniversary special was mooted was in a memo Nathan-Turner wrote to Head of Video Production Penny Mills on 18 February 1992. With Tom Baker not averse to appearing should conditions be met, serious thought was given to an original production and there was a meeting in June 1992 to discuss the concept of the special; by 21 July 1992 writer Adrian Rigelsford (later joined by Joanna McCaul) had completed an initial outline for the story entitled "Timeflyers". Shortly afterwards the project was given the cover name "The Environment Roadshow". A production office was opened for the project in the first week of September 1992 with shooting planned for January–February 1993. The script was sent to Peter Cregeen on 22 March 1993, indicating at the same time that Graeme Harper was being looked at as a potential director for the special. However, issues with budget plagued the production and shooting slipped to taking place November–December 1993 with a final delivery date of 14 March 1994. Around mid-May Cregeen indicated that he'd like to see the special broadcast on the BBC in November 1993. By the end of May 1993, the project was now being referred to as "The Dark Dimension" before a new working title of "Lost in the Dark Dimension" was settled on. Harper was contracted as the director of the special in June 1993 and intended Rik Mayall to play the part of the villain, Hawkspur. What was hoped to be the final shooting script was completed on 21 June 1993 and with the production now aimed for broadcast than a direct-to-video release, Alan Yentob gave the special the green light with the plan to have the completed project delivered by 27 November 1993 but by the start of July 1993, budget issues continued to plague the production and on 9 July 1993 the project was officially cancelled. With the project sunk, the thirtieth anniversary was instead celebrated with the light-hearted Children in Need charity special "Dimensions in Time" and the documentary "30 Years in the TARDIS". The BBC press release had hinted at the plot with the following:
Eighth Doctor.
1990s US reboot - Leekley bible.
Early in the process that was to lead to the 1996 "Doctor Who" film, Universal Television had Amblin Entertainment produce a writers' bible which detailed John Leekley's proposed pilot and episodes of a new series. The new series would have established a new continuity rather than following on from the classic series, and the bible reused many elements from the classic series. It is unclear whether clearance could have been obtained for all the episodes detailed, as the costs would likely have fallen to the BBC.
The pilot was to feature the half-human Doctor seeking his father, Ulysses, through various time periods—contemporary Gallifrey (where Borusa dies and is merged with the TARDIS, and the Master becomes leader of the Time Lords), England during the Blitz, Ancient Egypt, and Skaro (where the Daleks are being created). Other proposed episodes in the bible included "The Pirates", in which the Doctor teamed up with Blackbeard, and several remakes of stories from the classic series, including:
Earlier versions of the bible included, among others:
Leekley's scripts were not well received at Amblin or elsewhere; and in September 1994, he was removed from the project.
Ninth Doctor.
"Absence of the Daleks".
During the development of "Dalek", it was unclear whether the production team would be able to obtain the rights to use the Daleks in the revived series of "Doctor Who". In the case that they did not, writer Robert Shearman produced a Dalek-less draft of his story that instead featured a Sphere instead of a Dalek as the enemy. This particular draft of the episode was sardonically titled "Absence of the Daleks". After the production team obtained the rights to be able to use the Daleks, this draft was scrapped. The concept of an enemy Sphere was later used in the Series 3 story "The Sound Of Drums" and "Last of the Time Lords", under the name of the "Toclafane".
"Untitled storyline (Abbott)".
Written by Paul Abbott, this episode was intended for episode 11 of Series 1. With Jack Harkness having joined the Ninth Doctor and Rose Tyler, Rose feels left out. But when they land in Pompeii in 79 AD, Jack discovers that Rose's life has been manipulated by the Doctor in an experiment to create the perfect companion. Abbot's commitment to "Shameless" and other projects led to him dropping out of the episode. Russell T Davies took over and wrote "Boom Town" in its place.
Tenth Doctor.
For Series 2 of 2006, an untitled episode 2 set at Buckingham Palace, concerned Queen Victoria getting an alien insect in her eye. The setting was eventually changed to the Torchwood Estate and the alien being changed to a werewolf.
For the same series, episode 11 involved a villain who has discovered how to drain things of their beauty, and has reduced his planet to a sterile grey landscape.
"Untitled 1920s storyline".
The revived "Doctor Who" series was to feature a script by Stephen Fry, set in the 1920s. Rumours appeared on the BBC's websites shortly after the airing of the new Series 1 and the story was pencilled in as the eleventh episode of Series 2. According to a video diary entry by David Tennant, Fry attended the very first cast read-through for Series 2, indicating that his script was still under consideration at that point. Due to budgetary constraints, the episode was moved to Series 3 and replaced by "Fear Her." The story was subsequently abandoned, as Fry did not have spare time for the rewriting necessary to replace Rose with Martha. Fry said, "They asked me to do a series and I tried, but I just ran out of time, and so I wrote a pathetic letter of "I'm sorry I can't do this" to Davies."
Century House.
A "companion-lite" episode, "Century House" was written by Tom MacRae for Series 3 of the revised show. The Doctor was to appear on a live broadcast of "Most Haunted", investigating a house haunted by the "Red Widow", with Martha Jones watching at home as a framing device. The episode did not fit into the production schedule, and was pushed back to Series 4 and reworked such that the show was watched by Donna Noble and her mother Sylvia. Due to dissatisfaction with the premise, and to avoid two comedic episodes in the same series, the episode was dropped and replaced with Davies' "Midnight".
"Untitled storyline (Davies)".
Russell T Davies scrapped a glass bowl storyline for the "Partners in Crime" slot in Series 4 because of "The Simpsons Movie" using a similar idea.
The Suicide Exhibition.
During the Second World War, a Nazi task force assaults the Natural History Museum in London, which has been overrun by monsters. Later action would have involved the discovery of a secret chamber beneath the museum. This episode was written by Mark Gatiss and planned to air in the fourth series of Doctor Who, but was replaced by "The Fires of Pompeii". Elements of the story were later reused in Steven Moffat's "The Big Bang", the finale of Series 5.
"Untitled 2008 Christmas special".
On Christmas Eve, an alien creature attaches itself to author J.K. Rowling. Suddenly, the real world is replaced by a magical reality influenced by the writer's own imagination. The Doctor must battle witches and wizards to reach Rowling and put the world to rights.
Eleventh Doctor.
"Untitled storyline (Graham)".
Written by Matthew Graham and planned for the 2010 series, to be about an old people's home and a lighthouse that was a spaceship. Trips to the USA, and Graham's work on Ashes to Ashes precluded him from developing the storyline to script stage.
"Death to the Doctor".
Written by Gareth Roberts. Before settling upon the storyline that would become "The Lodger", Roberts initially developed a different storyline for the 2010 series which would have featured a disgraced Sontaran called Strom. This idea reached draft stage before being abandoned altogether. However the idea of Strom was later recycled into Sontaran Commander Strax, who first appeared in "A Good Man Goes to War" and became a recurring character.
Television spin-offs.
During its run, several "Doctor Who" spin-offs have been proposed, including one featuring Professor George Litefoot and Henry Gordon Jago from "The Talons of Weng Chiang", and a children's show featuring "Young Doctor Who" which was vetoed by Russell T Davies and replaced by "The Sarah Jane Adventures". The following is the remainder of the proposed but eventually cancelled spin-off productions of the series:
The Daleks.
On 1 November 1966, Dalek creator Terry Nation pitched a spin-off series "The Daleks" to the BBC, writing a 30-minute teleplay entitled "The Destroyers" as a possible pilot episode for an American co-production. "The Daleks" was to have focused on the adventures of the SSS. Lead characters included agents Captain Jack Corey, David Kingdom, his sister Sara Kingdom, and an android named Mark Seven. On 22 November 1966, the BBC informed Nation that they were no longer interested in the project. It was later adapted by Nicholas Briggs & John Dorney for Big Finish's "The Lost Stories" range in December 2010.
"Nelvana cartoon series".
In the 1980s, a cartoon series was planned by Canadian animation house Nelvana which was to feature an unspecified incarnation of the Doctor, incorporating elements of various BBC series Doctors. Concept art was prepared depicting several possible versions of the Doctor as well as K-9, an unnamed companion, Daleks, Cybermen and few new characters but the project did not proceed further and no pilot was produced. </ref>
K-9 and Company.
Elisabeth Sladen was approached to return to "Doctor Who" as Sarah Jane Smith to help with the transition between Tom Baker and Peter Davison, but resisted the offer. Following the outcry after K-9 was removed from the show, producer John Nathan-Turner proposed a spin-off featuring the two characters. A single episode, "A Girl's Best Friend", was produced as a pilot for a proposed series, and broadcast by BBC1 as a Christmas special on 28 December 1981, but the series was not taken up. The basic premise of a series centered on Sarah Jane Smith was reused in the "" audio series and in "The Sarah Jane Adventures" just over 25 years later.
Rose Tyler: Earth Defence.
When it was decided that Billie Piper would leave the series at the end of Series 2, executive producer and head writer Russell T Davies considered giving her character Rose Tyler her own 90-minute spin-off production, "Rose Tyler: Earth Defence", with the possibility of such a special becoming an annual Bank Holiday event. The special would have picked up from Rose's departure in "Doomsday" in which Rose joins the Torchwood Institute of a parallel Earth. The special was officially commissioned by Peter Fincham, the Controller of BBC One, and assigned a production budget. Davies changed his mind while filming Piper's final scenes for Series 2 of "Doctor Who", later calling "Earth Defence" "a spin-off too far," and deciding that for the audience to be able to see Rose when the Doctor could not would spoil the ending of "Doomsday", and the production was cancelled. Davies said Piper had been told about the idea, but the project ended before she was formally approached about starring in it. The plot element of Tyler working with Torchwood to defend the earth would be revisited towards the end of Series 4 in 2008.
The Sarah Jane Adventures.
Series 4.
"Untitled storyline (Ford)".
Written by Phil Ford. A story idea considered for the first and second episodes of fourth series. Set at Park Vale Comprehensive School, it would have concerned an Aztec priestess who had lived for thousands of years and was now working there as an English teacher.
Don't Sit Too Close to the Screen.
Written by Joseph Lidster. A story idea considered for the third and fourth episodes of fourth series. It involved a new children's television show that causes its viewer to become possessed. The aliens behind are harnessing electrical impulses in the viewer's brain, their aim being to get rid of humanity so that they can live uninterrupted in the electricity.
Supermarket Sweep.
Written by Joseph Lidster. A story idea considered for the third and fourth episodes of fourth series. It concerned an alien operating from a supermarket with a voice coming over a tannoy into the empty store. The focus of story would be Luke and K9, with Luke combating the alien alone like the 1988 action movie "Die Hard".
Underground.
Written by Joseph Lidster. A story idea considered for the third and fourth episodes of fourth series. It was based upon the old childhood game of not standing on the cracks between paving slabs.
Wallpaper.
Written by Joseph Lidster. A story idea considered for the third and fourth episodes of fourth series. It was based upon the notion of 'faces' which people used to be able to see in patterned wallpaper.
"Untitled storyline (Roberts)".
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the seventh and eighth episodes of fourth series. Sarah Jane would have, as a result of a lightning storm, come face to face with her father who has been dead for over 55 years.
"Untitled storyline (Roberts)".
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the seventh and eighth episodes of fourth series. It would have seen Sarah Jane being kidnapped and replaced by an identical look-alike. It was ultimately replaced by "The Empty Planet" as the production team was concerned it had too much of the feel of the 1970s Gerry Anderson science-fiction series, UFO.
The Children of Blackmere Rise.
Written by Rupert Laight. A story idea considered for the ninth and tenth episodes of fourth series. It would have seen Rani investigating a strange council estate, as part of her Journalism course, to find all its inhabitants possessed by an alien egg.
The Web of Lies.
Written by Gary Russell. A story idea considered for the eleventh and twelfth episodes of fourth series. It would have seen Sarah Jane being controlled by a trio giant spiders from Metabelis III, an alien race previously featured in the "Doctor Who" story "Planet of the Spiders".
Sarah Jane and the Return of the Spiders.
Written by Joseph Lidster. A variant on Gary Russell's "The Web of Lies" proposal.
Servant of the Spiders.
Written by Gareth Roberts and Clayton Hickman. A second variant on Gary Russell's "The Web of Lies" proposal.
Miracle on Bannerman Road.
Written by Gareth Roberts and Clayton Hickman. It was originally planned that series four would conclude with a Christmas Special. It would have been a pastiche of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol", with Sarah Jane being shown Christmas past, present and future by a guide. Tom Baker was considered at one point for the role of the guide.
Everyone's Asleep.
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the fourth series. An alien causes the entire population of the UK to fall asleep in order to execute a bizarre plan. This idea later formed the basis for "The Empty Planet".
Sarah Jane Goes Back to the Future.
Written by Joseph Lidster. A story idea considered for the fourth series. Rani, Clyde and Luke return to the 1970s in order to save the lives of Rani's parents.
Sarah Jane in Prison.
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the fourth series, it would have seen Sarah Jane framed for a bank robbery by Mrs. Wormwood.
School Trip.
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the fourth series. Rani, Clyde and Luke encounter an alien is distress whilst on a school trip.
Time Team.
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the fourth series, inspired by the Channel 4 archaeology series "Time Team". An archaeological dig would have raised Sarah Jane's distinctive Nissan Figaro from where it had been buried thousands of years ago.
Trinity Wells Investigates.
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the fourth series, it would have seen the character of Trinity Wells, an American news anchor previously featured in "Doctor Who", investigating a series of strange events occurring in Ealing and surrounding Sarah Jane.
"Untitled storyline (Roberts)".
Written by Gareth Roberts. A story idea considered for the fourth series, it would have seen Rani's mother and father being abducted by the Russian Equivalent of Torchwood.
Series 5.
Production on the spin-off series "The Sarah Jane Adventures" was brought to a close due to the death of series star Elisabeth Sladen. This left several planned scripts and storyline ideas unused:
Meet Mr. Smith.
Written by Gareth Roberts and Clayton Hickman. Planned for the seventh and eighth episodes of the fifth series, and would have seen Mr. Smith, Sarah Jane's alien computer, adopting human form.
The Thirteenth Floor.
Written by Phil Ford. Planned for the ninth and tenth episodes of the fifth series, it would have focused on Clyde and Rani and seen them trapped in a lift of a tower block. This script has since been reworked by Ford and will feature as part of the "Wizards vs Aliens" series.
The Battle of Bannerman Road.
Written by Russell T. Davies. Planned for the eleventh and twelfth episodes of the fifth series, it would have featured the revelation that Sky was the child of the Trickster, seen the return of Katy Manning as Jo Grant Jones and the destruction of Bannerman Road.
Full Moon.
Written by Clayton Hickman. Planned as a Halloween special for a Live 2011 broadcast. Set at Halloween, it would have seen an encounter with the Pagan Gods, Gog and Magog, who attempt to escape from a decaying alien prison ship.
The Station.
Written by Clayton Hickman. Planned as a Halloween special for a Live 2011 broadcast. Set at Halloween, it would have seen the gang transported back to the years 1911 and 1934.
"Untitled storyline (Hickman)".
Written by Clayton Hickman. Planned as a Halloween special for a Live 2011 broadcast. Set at Halloween, it would have seen an encounter with an hideous gargoyle-like creature.
Night of the Spectre.
Written by Phil Ford. Planned as an animated Halloween special for a 2011 broadcast. It would have seen the return of former series regular Maria Jackson and her father Alan who had since left for the USA.
Series 6.
"Untitled storyline (Davies)".
Written by Russell T. Davies. Planned for the sixth series, it would have seen the return of former "Doctor Who" companion Ace and explained how Ace left the Doctor and what had happened to her since then.
Torchwood.
"Untitled storyline (Lidster/Davies)".
It was to be set at a spooky 24-hour supermarket. A version of this idea was initially developed by Joseph Lidster for inclusion in the second series. However, at one point Russell T. Davies was to use this idea as the basis for the opening episode of the second series.
Proposed films.
In the mid-1960s, two motion pictures starring Peter Cushing were produced based upon the television series. Since then, there have been periodic further attempts to adapt "Doctor Who" as a feature film.
"Daleks vs. Mechons".
In issue 461 of Doctor Who Magazine, it was revealed that a third Peter Cushing "Dr. Who" film entitled Daleks vs. Mechons, to be based on "The Chase", was in production; but because of the poor box office returns from "", the project was eventually cancelled.
Doctor Who Meets Scratchman.
During spare time in filming, Tom Baker and Ian Marter (who played Harry Sullivan in the series and later novelised several "Doctor Who" scripts for Target Books) wrote a script for a "Doctor Who" film, "Doctor Who meets Scratchman". The script, sometimes titled "Doctor Who and the Big Game", saw the Doctor encounter the Daleks, meet the Devil known as Harry Scratch or Scratchman, robots known as Cybors, scarecrows made from bones, the Greek god Pan, and at times Vincent Price and Twiggy were associated with the production to play as the villain Harry Scratch and a possible new female companion after Elisabeth Sladen left the TV series. The finale of the film was to have taken place on a giant pinball table, with the Doctor, Harry and Sarah dodging balls as well as battling Daleks on the board. During his tenure as the Fourth Doctor, Baker repeatedly tried to attract funding for the film. At one point, he received substantial donations from fans, but after taking legal advice was forced to return them. The plans were eventually dropped.
Doctor Who and the Krikkitmen.
During the Fourth Doctor era, future "Doctor Who" script editor Douglas Adams submitted this story in 1976 before later preparing it as a submission for a "Doctor Who" film, "Doctor Who and the Krikkitmen". Elements of "Krikkitmen" were used in the "Key to Time" story arc, for which Adams wrote a story, and "Krikkitmen" was reworked as the third "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" book "Life, the Universe and Everything".
Lacuna film proposals (1987–1994).
As the original "Doctor Who" series was nearing its end and continuing during the first interregnum (1989–1996), numerous attempts were made to adapt the series for the big screen for the first time since the Peter Cushing films of the 1960s. Jean-Marc Lofficier, in his book "The Nth Doctor", profiles a number of film proposals, some of which came close to being produced. Ultimately, however, the only film version of "Doctor Who" (other than the two Cushing films) produced to date has been the 1996 made-for-TV film which was developed as a continuation of the TV series rather than a reboot or reimagining of the concept. At one point, the film had the full working title, Doctor Who: The Last of the Time Lords. Among the script proposals profiled by Lofficier are several submissions by "Doctor Who" and "" alumnus Johnny Byrne, plus others by Robert DeLaurentis, Adrian Rigelsford, John Leekley, Mark Ezra and Denny Martin Flinn.
Other related works.
""Dr. Who" radio series".
During the late sixties, a radio series starring Peter Cushing as The Doctor from the Dalek films had been planned to be produced. A collaboration between Stanmark Productions and Watermill Productions, a pilot had been recorded and a further 52 episodes were to be produced. The pilot story titled "Journey into Time" featured The Doctor and his granddaughter travel to the time of the American Revolution. The script was written by future television series writer Malcolm Hulke and the recording remains lost.
War World.
Proposed stage play written by Andrew Cartmel & Ben Aaronovitch.
Doctor Who Webcast.
In 2003 the BBC announced the return of Doctor Who, as a series of webcasts to air on bbc.com. Richard E. Grant was announced as the Ninth Doctor. A webcast, written by Paul Cornell, entitled Scream of the Shalka was completed, and aired on bbc.com. This was followed by an online short story entitled "The Feast of the Stone". Work was already well underway on the second webcast, entitled "Blood of the Robots". This was to be written by Simon Clark. However, before production began, it was announced that Doctor Who would be returning to television, with Russell T. Davies as Producer. "Blood of the Robots" was never made.

</doc>
<doc id="9751981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751981" title="Welaka State Forest">
Welaka State Forest

The Welaka State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in North Central Florida, upstream from Welaka on the eastern bank of the St. Johns River. Welaka State Forest is adjacent to the Mount Royal site discussed by William Bartram in chapter 4 of Bartram's Travels.

</doc>
<doc id="9751994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9751994" title="Bewys Cross">
Bewys Cross

The monument currently known as Bewys Cross or Bewy's Cross consists of the steps, plinth and truncated shaft said to be of an ancient cross of uncertain age (perhaps early fifteenth century; the steps may be more recent) which used to stand on the ancient seabank or seawall of the River Severn in that area of Shirehampton in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom, now known as Avonmouth. It is marked as "Bevis's Cross" on a map of 1769 and as "Bevis Stone" on one of 1772, close to where the River Avon used to flow into the Severn, about halfway between the sites of the later Avonmouth and Marine Hotels (which have both since been demolished). Its position is now in the middle of the Royal Edward Dock, Avonmouth. Since the 1870s, the Avon has flowed into the Severn about half a mile further south. The purpose of the Cross seems most likely to have been to mark the old mouth of the Avon, the access to the port of Bristol, for the benefit of sailors approaching from the south and turning upriver north of the now vanished Dumball Island. Local tradition has it that sailors used it to show their gratitude to God for their safe return by leaving donations for the Church, and there is a hole in one of the steps which is said to have received their coins. The local "squires", the Miles family, had the Cross moved from the riverbank and re-erected in Kingsweston Lane, nearly opposite the entrance to their mansion, King's Weston House, probably at some time between 1863 and 1868. They may have done this to safeguard it because they felt it was under threat from development taking place on their estate land at Avonmouth. The most likely context is the construction in 1863-5 of the Bristol Port and Pier Railway, which terminated at the Avonmouth Hotel, just beyond the seabank. It was said in 1868 to be covered with ivy, but three years is quite enough time for that to happen. In 1952 or 1954, the subsequent owners of the Kingsweston estate, Bristol City Council, moved the Cross to the grounds of The House in the Garden, a nearby house which had been built in 1938 for the widow of the last squire. It still stands there by the fishpond. 
The origin of the name is uncertain. It should not be confused with Bewell's Cross in Bristol. There is a Bevis Cross in Wisbech, Cambridgeshire, which may be relevant. There may be an echo in both cross-names of the medieval legendary hero Sir Bevis of Hampton, and it may or may not be a coincidence that the site of Bewys Cross was in the tithing of Shirehampton, which was in early medieval times called simply "Hampton". There is a mention in 1551 (Bristol Record Office document P.Hen/Ch/1/7) of a place called "Bewehurste" at Compton in the nearby parish of Almondsbury, which is of uncertain relevance. The current name might result from confusion with either the Bristol or the Compton name.

</doc>
<doc id="9752007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752007" title="Spider-Man (theme song)">
Spider-Man (theme song)

"Spider-Man" is the theme song of the 1967 cartoon show "Spider-Man", composed by Academy Award winner Paul Francis Webster and Robert "Bob" Harris. The song's opening lines, "Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does whatever a spider can," have become as synonymous with the Marvel Comics character as his costume. The original song was recorded at RCA Studios in Toronto (where the cartoon was also produced) featuring 12 CBC vocalists (members of the Billy Van Singers, and Laurie Bower Singers groups) who added to the musical backing track supplied by RCA Studios, New York. The singers were paid only for the session and have had no residuals from its use since then.
The 2002 "Spider-Man" and "Spider-Man 2" film adaptations have featured characters as buskers performing the song; Jayce Bartok and Elyse Dinh respectively. Both films also feature the song at the very end of the credits: the 2002 film featured the 1967 version, while the 2004 film featured a re-recording by Michael Bublé (see below). 2007's "Spider-Man 3" also featured the song's melody during the scene where Spider-Man arrives at a big celebration. In "The Amazing Spider-Man 2", Peter has the theme song in his phone as a ringtone and whisper the tone after defeated Aleksei Sytsevich.

</doc>
<doc id="9752023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752023" title="Volkswagen Type 18A">
Volkswagen Type 18A

Volkswagen Type 18A was a German automobile specially made for the German police that started production in 1949. In German it was called ""Polizei" Cabriolet" or "Gendarmerier". It was also used by East Berlin's fire department. In total 482 were made, 203 by "Karosserie Austro-Tatra". The lack of doors made it easy to get in or out of the car, but made it uncomfortable during the winter. The floorpan was strengthened, but the engine was a stock Type 1 engine producing , with a top speed of . The brakes were mechanical. Papler (based in Köln, which differed in having four steel doors; only two are known to survive),<ref name="Hot VWs, 7/84, pp. 38 and 101"/> and Austro-Tatra (which also used steel doors, and like the Hebmüller had a fixed cabriolet top).<ref name="Hot VWs, 7/84, pp. 38 and 101"/>

</doc>
<doc id="9752024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752024" title="Arashiyama Line">
Arashiyama Line

Arashiyama Line may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9752030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752030" title="2007 Bagram Airfield bombing">
2007 Bagram Airfield bombing

The 2007 Bagram Airfield bombing was a suicide attack that killed up to 23 people and injured 20 more at the Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan, while Dick Cheney, the Vice President of the United States, was visiting. The attack occurred inside one of the security gates surrounding the heavily guarded base 60 km north of Kabul.
In 2007, Bagram was the main US airbase in Afghanistan. 
On February 27, at about 10 am local time, a suicide bomber attacked the outer gate of the base, killing 23 people and injuring at least 20 others. Among the dead were an American soldier, PFC Daniel Zizumbo; an American contractor; SSG Yoon Jang-ho, a South Korean soldier; and 20 Afghan workers at the base. 
US Vice President Dick Cheney was on the base at the time of the attack, having arrived in Afghanistan the previous day to meet with US Allies. US officials reported that the Vice President was never in danger and he was about 1 mile away from the explosion. A purported Taliban spokesman, Qari Yousef Ahmadi, told the Associated Press that the Taliban had advance knowledge of Cheney's visit and Cheney was the intended target-- claims that were met with skepticism by US officials. One US spokesman called them "far-fetched" and observed that "the vice president wasn't even supposed to be here overnight, so this would have been a surprise to everybody." Another US spokesman, Lt. Col. David Accetta, reported that the attacker did not attempt to pass any of the U.S. security checkpoints, but instead detonated himself amongst a group of Afghans. Accetta was quoted as saying "To characterize this as a direct attempt on the life of the vice president is absurd"

</doc>
<doc id="9752051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752051" title="Cipralisant">
Cipralisant

Cipralisant (GT-2331, tentative trade name Perceptin) is an extremely potent Histamine H3 receptor ligand originally developed by Gliatech. Cipralisant was initially classified as a selective H3 antagonist, but newer research (2005) suggests also agonist properties, i. e. functional selectivity. Cipralisant seemed to be well tolerated during early testing, entering Phase II trials for ADHD in 2000.
The relatively recent cloning of human H3 receptor, as well as the discovery of its constitutive activity provided the ability to better assess the activity of H3 receptor ligands. Consequently cipralisant was reassessed as an H3 receptor agonist in human and rat recombinant systems, showing functional selectivity and stimulating one type of G-protein coupled pathway while failing to activate other intracellular pathways. 
Gliatech filed for bankruptcy in 2002, and its intellectual property was inherited by Merck. The development of cipralisant seems to have been suspended since 2003 but research is ongoing, and recently it has been shown that it is the 1S,2S enantiomer which is the biologically active one.

</doc>
<doc id="9752052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752052" title="Merchant Overstock">
Merchant Overstock

Merchant Overstock is an online super store carrying products across many lines. The Christmas store at Merchant Overstock has become one of the largest online.
History.
Companies Inc. founded in 1977 in Buffalo, New York by David M. Gordon. It was a wholesale company which also operated, at its peak, five stores in the Buffalo area. One of their stores still exists in Cheektowaga, New York called Dave's Christmas Wonderland. Dave's is the largest Christmas store in Western New York, and has become a Christmas Destination. In 2001 while attending Penn State, David's son Nathan Gordon, had the idea of selling the companies goods online via eBay. Instead of selling a tractor trailer of items for $5 a piece, Nathan had the idea of selling items one at a time for $10 each. While it was to hard keeping track of everything away at school, his sister Sarah Gordon took the idea and put a small office in the building with David's wife Paulette Gordon. The first online name of Gordon Companies, Inc. was called WPoohandFriends, due to the large amount of Winnie the Pooh collectibles they were selling. After graduation in May 2004, Nathan moved back home to rejoin the online company and the name was soon changed to Merchant Overstock.
Today.
Merchant Overstock can be found just about anywhere on the internet. They are an eBay top 500 volume seller, ranking 222 in the world. Besides for being found on Merchant Overstock and eBay, they can be found on all the major shopping sites: Pronto, Jelly Fish, Google Product Search, Google Base, smarter.com, PriceGrabber, Amazon.com and many more.
Sources.
http://www.nortica.com/UserArea/ebay500.asp
February 1, 2007 speech given by Nathan Gordon to Williamsville East High School

</doc>
<doc id="9752063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752063" title="Masser">
Masser

Masser is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9752071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752071" title="Gillian Morgan">
Gillian Morgan

Dame Gillian Morgan, DBE (born in Llwynypia, 1953) was Permanent Secretary to the Welsh Assembly Government between 1 May 2008 and August 2012.
Professional career.
Healthcare.
Morgan's career has been mainly in healthcare, both in medicine and management and includes a period as Chief Executive of North and East Devon Health Authority. She has worked as a doctor in hospitals, general practice and public health medicine working both as a consultant and as the Director of Public Health for Leicestershire. She is also a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and the Faculty of Public Health and a member of the Royal College of General Practitioners. She was President of the Institute of Health Services Management in 1997-98 and is a past President of the International Hospital Federation. At the turn of the century Morgan was Chief Executive of the North & East Devon Health AUthority, based in Exeter where her husband was teacher at Exeter School. From 2002 to 2008 Morgan was Chief Executive of the NHS Confederation, until it was announced that she was to become the next Permanent Secretary to the Welsh Assembly Government in May 2008. She retired on 31 August 2012.
While working in healthcare, Morgan served on a large number of national committees and working groups and was a member of the NHS Stakeholder Forum. Morgan was also one of the three members of the review team led by Sir Jeremy Beecham set up in 2006 to advise the Welsh Assembly Government on the reform of public services in Wales.
She was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in June 2004 and was awarded Honorary Doctor of Science by The City University, London, London in May 2006.
Welsh Assembly Government.
On 20 February 2008 it was announced that she would become Permanent Secretary (heads up the civil service) to the Welsh Assembly Government on 1 May 2008. She retired from the post in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9752073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752073" title="Bow kite">
Bow kite

Bow kites are leading edge inflatable kites that incorporate a bridle on the leading edge. They can be identified by a flat, swept-back profile and concave trailing edge allowing the kite greater depower. Bow kite design was pioneered by Bruno Legaignoux, and have been licensed to many kite manufacturers.
Bow kites have a wider wind range than C-kites (traditional LEI kites), so two kite sizes (such 7m² and 12m²) could form an effective quiver for winds ranging from 10 to 30+ knots for a 75 kg rider. This makes bow kites more suitable for beginners to kite sports; however, they are also used by professionals.
Bow kites are used in a variety of kite related sports, including kitesurfing and snowkiting. Because of their depower range, they allow users to combat problems caused by gusts, making them safer to use. They are also used by kite surfers for wave riding, as their unique shape lends itself to this discipline.
Early Kites.
While early bow kites allowed kite to be fully depowerable, they had a number of disadvantages compared to classic C-Kites. These included:
Later Bow Kites.
In 2006, second generation flat LEI kites were developed which combine 100% depower and easy, safe relaunch with higher performance, less performance penalties and reduced bar pressure. The bridle and control bar design has later been refined to give a more direct feel and less bar pressure while small modifications to the kites themselves has provided more stable kites less likely to invert.
Ongoing developments are bringing improvements to this style of kite every year and they are now extremely popular with riders of all abilities.
Safety.
Although bow kites make kite flying safer, it is always advisable to seek professional training, as accidents can still occur.

</doc>
<doc id="9752086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752086" title="Ralph E. Simmons Memorial State Forest">
Ralph E. Simmons Memorial State Forest

The Ralph E. Simmons Memorial State Forest (formerly the St. Mary's State Forest) is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in northeastern Florida, near Hilliard.

</doc>
<doc id="9752093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752093" title="The Kipper Family">
The Kipper Family

The Kipper Family was a two-man parody folk group played by Chris Sugden (as Sid Kipper) and Dick Nudds (as his father Henry).
History.
The group performed as the Kipper Family throughout the 1980s and released several cult albums. Partly parodying the Copper Family*, they performed their variations of traditional folk songs, with lyrics very cleverly twisted to take in themes including cross-dressing, under-age sex, homosexuality at sea and the dissection of human cadavers. Although frequently macabre in theme, the Kipper Family were widely respected as accomplished folk artists and are remembered fondly. The fictional village of St. Just-near-Trunch is known as the home of the Kipper Family.
The duo would put on Norfolk accents and delivered Norfolk inspired humour. Their appearance was just like any other folk singers. Sid with slicked back hair, a smart suit and a kipper tie; very much the spiv. And Henry (Nudds made to look like an old man) with a threadbare cardigan and string to hold up his trousers in place of a belt.
Often, as with all great comedy doubles, they would swap being one down or one up with their replies:
Henry: If you are trying to be clever with me, you're wastin' your time.
Sid: That's true yes.
In the early days the Kipper Family would perform to crowds expecting an ordinary folk act, firmly staying in character during the whole period in the public eye, and it would be several songs into the set before the penny dropped. Later classics include "We're Norfolk and Good", "Arrest These Merry Gentlemen" and "Bored of the Dance" and also a folk opera "The Crab Wars". In addition to the released LPs there is also in existence a recording of "Christmas with the Kippers", a Christmas special the Kippers recorded for BBC Radio Two.
They were seen once on British television. The children's programme 'Get Fresh' featured a spaceship that would port into a different location each Saturday morning. One Saturday the destination was Trunch, and who should be there but Sid and Henry. The female presenter of the show was clearly mystified by the Kipper's patter as she interviewed them.
The duo split at the end of 1991; Henry Kipper was pronounced dead, and Sid went solo. Sugden had to kill off the character as people kept asking when Henry would return.
In 2006, Sugden presented a series of podcasts for Channel 4 radio called "The Kipper Country Code", as Sid Kipper.
Albums.
Sid Kipper
The Kipper Family

</doc>
<doc id="9752105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752105" title="Young Pirate">
Young Pirate

Young Pirate () is the youth organisation of the Swedish Pirate Party. It was started in December 2006 and had as of April 2009 till the spring 2010 over 22,000 members, and was by far the largest political youth organisation by member count in Sweden. 

</doc>
<doc id="9752106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752106" title="1991–92 Nationalliga A season">
1991–92 Nationalliga A season

The 1991-92 NLA season was the 54th regular season of the Nationalliga A, the main professional ice hockey league in Switzerland.
Regular season.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
Playoffs.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="9752107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752107" title="Parnassius ariadne">
Parnassius ariadne

Parnassius ariadne Lederer, 1853 is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Central Asia. It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus "Parnassius" of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
Range.
Altai (nominate subspecies) The type locality is "...sudwestlichen Vorbergen des Altai an kahlten felsigen Stellen" River sources, Altai. Subspecies "clarius" sensu Bryk and Eisner, 1932 are found in the Saur and the Tarbagatai
Biology.
Adults fly on open flowery slopes in the forest zone up to 1,800 - 2,000 in the Altai. In Saur and Tarbagatai, the insect is also found at lower altitudes (down to 300 m), preferring stony slopes and canyons. The flight period is May to July. The host plant of the larva is Corydalis (C. nobilis and some others). The insects hibernate in the egg stage or newly hatched larvae.
Identification.
Note. The wing pattern in "Parnassius" species is inconsistent and the very many subspecies and forms make identification problematic and uncertain. Structural characters derived from the genitalia, wing venation, sphragis and foretibial epiphysis are more, but not entirely reliable. The description given here is a guide only.For an identification key see Ackery P.R. (1975

</doc>
<doc id="9752111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752111" title="Cipher Method">
Cipher Method

Cipher Method is Negative Format's fourth CD. The album was built with complex beat and rhythm structures, mixing Negative Format's trance melodies with dark atmospheric overtones, and a mixture of vocoded and EBM vocal passages.

</doc>
<doc id="9752129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9752129" title="Quick Fix Meals with Robin Miller">
Quick Fix Meals with Robin Miller

Quick Fix Meals with Robin Miller is an American television program on the Food Network hosted by Robin Miller.
Robin Miller who is a food writer and nutritionist, offers recipes and techniques specifically healthy meals, to fit a busy lifestyle, with no time to spare. Miller guides viewers on getting food on the table every night, with the planning strategies she offers on the show. On each episode she offers a shopping list so you can visit the supermarket once, and get the meal done right and quick.

</doc>
